Since 2012, TypeScript has been a popular choice for programmers coming to JavaScript from more structured languages (like C++ or Java). But it's also been largely dismissed by those native to the JavaScript world.
You may have heard that the Angular team recently switched to TypeScript for Angular 2. So have the teams behind RxJS, Ionic, Cycle.js, Blueprint, Dojo, NativeScript, Plottable, and others.
If you've been in JavaScript/Node.js land for a while, it's easy to assume that the shot-callers for these projects have lost their minds. Or maybe that they were paid off by Microsoft. 👀
And if you haven't been watching closely, you may have missed TypeScript's amazing progress over the past year (and even the past few months).
If you're still thinking “TypeScript is kinda like CoffeeScript, right?”—this article is for you.
There are dozens of great resources and articles on the benefits of using TypeScript. I hope that after reading this, you'll take another look.
JavaScript — with Types?
For those new to this discussion, it's important to understand the aversion that much of the JavaScript world has to types. Besides its portability, much of JavaScript's popularity could be attributed to its simplicity.
“To be attractive to hackers, a language must be good for writing the kinds of programs they want to write. And that means, perhaps surprisingly, that it has to be good for writing throwaway programs.” — Paul Graham, Being Popular
The kind of programmers who make JavaScript their tool of choice often do so for its flexibility. There's no standard library, very little structure, and without types, JavaScript users don't need to spend much time thinking about details when hacking on a new idea.
This is probably easiest to contrast to a language like C++, where programs tend to require a lot more structure and overhead. A lot of JavaScript programmers (particularly the above hacker-types) find the tedium of traditional classes, boilerplate, types, and typecasting slow them down.
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free — of over-protective programming languages.” — JavaScript 🕊️ (basically)
With this perspective, it's easy to see why a lot of JavaScript users are so averse to the idea of JavaScript with types.
Here are some insights that might help to ease those fears.
TypeScript is JavaScript with better linting
Probably one of the most common concerns with the idea of using TypeScript is that it isn't pure JavaScript. Because TypeScript is its own language, it's assumed your code will be transpiled into a messy glob which you'll someday be forced to debug.
Too many people have this impression of Typescript.
Besides TypeScript being extremely well-tested and widely in use, it's worth noting that depending on your configuration, very little “transpiling” is actually happening (if any). TypeScript is just Javascript with optional typings.
Type a little extra now, get instant feedback when “add” is used incorrectly. You also get up-to-date documentation free (without JSDoc tags to maintain), and fantastic editor and tooling support.
TypeScript is like a highly-advanced linter, able to check documentation and warn when code is not being used as intended.
It provides immediate feedback and a better development experience for all future users of your code. This is also a good test for new projects—if your project is worth linting to enforce code style conventions, your project is probably long-lasting enough to benefit from TypeScript.
The TypeScript team has committed to tracking JavaScript for the foreseeable future. So if/when additional features stabilize in JavaScript, TypeScript will match them and adapt.
TypeScript eliminates runtime overhead
Another common misconception is that TypeScript's type checking somehow persists into the runtime environment, adding complexity and overhead.
In fact, TypeScript is a good way to avoid runtime type checking overhead.
TypeScript is a development-time/compile-time tool — it takes in standard JavaScript with optional type-hints and outputs JavaScript with those hints removed. (If enabled, it can also transpile ES6 and ES7 JavaScript features back to current standards.)
TypeScript's type-hints give us all the benefits of types, and then they disappear.
The only clues left at runtime of an object's type are the same clues provided by standard JavaScript features. (For example, when you create a new object from a prototype, you might check its type with instanceof .)
Ironically, because JavaScript doesn't provide a standard means of development-time type checking, many of the most developed JavaScript libraries reimplement their own runtime type checking systems.
Runtime type checking in the Request library. This provides a much better debugging experience for users who use the method incorrectly. But it requires more code at runtime and more cases to unit test. Snippet→
These libraries don't intend to do this at the outset, but part of providing a good development experience is ensuring developers see clear and actionable errors when they've made a mistake.
In pursuit of this goal, many libraries extensively check the types of parameters passed to methods at runtime, throwing errors meant only for the eyes of the developer implementing the method.
This is most certainly the worst of both worlds. These cascades of runtime type checks add significant code bloat, make code less readable, and increase the difficulty of maintaining 100% unit test coverage.
Across large codebases, these runtime tests really add up. After a bit of refactoring, many largest codebases end up with whole type systems.
Bcoin provides a good development experience by failing fast (at runtime) and emitting helpful errors. But this comes at the cost of maintaining and testing an extensive, runtime type checking system. It would be more helpful and efficient to do this with Typescript. Snippet→
Without using Typescript, not only do you lose out on development-time type checking—you often shift it into runtime. (I hope you have full test coverage.)
When you use TypeScript, you provide your users with an even better development experience, reduce runtime type checking to only cases where it's needed (sanitizing end-user input, for example), and make your code easier to fully unit test.
TypeScript has come a long way
Maybe for the reasons mentioned above, when I first heard of TypeScript, I ran the opposite direction as fast as I could. Besides being antithetical to the “best thing about JavaScript” (less structure), it was made by Microsoft.
But it's not 2012 anymore. TypeScript is not a leaky abstraction of JavaScript, and the TypeScript project has some of the best hackers and engineers in this space. (And I'm impressed with how well Microsoft is managing it.)
Since TypeScript tracks ECMAScript, using TypeScript doesn't lock your project to a new language. A lot of people still don't realize this, so it's not uncommon to hear sentiments like:
“It's hard to maintain a TypeScript project.”
Which, to me, sounds like:
“It's hard to maintain a project with linting.”
If your project somehow stops benefitting from TypeScript, you can run your project through the compiler (one last time) to remove all types from your codebase.
Then you're back to untyped JavaScript.
TL;DR
TypeScript has improved a lot recently. If you heard about TypeScript years ago, but haven't really followed it since then, it's worth another look.
1 of 30
Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images
Actual Pick: Anthony Bennett
This might seem like an odd choice given that Noel sat out the entire 2013-14 campaign, but hear me out.
The Cleveland Cavaliers were set in the backcourt. They needed a big man to build around for the future, and who better than an athletic defender in the mold of Anthony Davis? Had the Cavs taken Noel, there would be far less pressure to draft Joel Embiid this time around. The team could turn its attention to Andrew Wiggins or perhaps even trade the pick.
Granted, that's all 20-20 hindsight.
But here's what we know about Noel so far.
Per the South Jersey Times' Rob Edwards, Philadelphia 76ers head coach Brett Brown had some pretty positive things to say about the prospect:
The first thing that I've fallen in love with is that he's beyond competitive. There's a dog in there, a lot of toughness. I misjudged him, looking at them with their big eyes and he's 19 years old, there's a naivety with them as there should be. They don't talk a lot, but he's a fantastic listener. He's a fierce competitor.
So the intangibles are all there. By Brown's account, the on-court ability is, too (again, according to Edwards):
They can jump. They can miss a blocked shot, hit the floor and get back up. That's special. I think the growth of their foul shot will carry into their real shot. We won't wrap them up in cotton (during summer league), but we won't make them play 38 minutes. I think it will be more of a gut thing, but we won't be shy, we'll just be smart.
Maybe their own coach is a little biased, but keep in mind that Brown really has no incentive to put unnecessary pressure on Noel. The praise should probably be taken at face value.
No one wants to draft an injured player, but imagine the position Cleveland would be in at the moment. Last season was a lost one anyway. This team has the future to think about, and that future would look a whole lot brighter with Noel in the fold.
Yes.
You.
*waggles accusing finger*
Shut up and write.
No, no, I know. You just wrote me an email and in this email — like in so many other emails by so many other ‘aspiring' writers — you informed me that you really want to be a writer, but. No, it doesn't matter what follows after the but. Something about time. Or family. Or fear. Or lack of knowledge. Or lack of practice. Or bees. Or facebees. Or how your hands were gnawed off by winged, mutated piranha leaving you with those lumpy fish-chewed stumps.
I don't care.
I'm writing.
You're not.
End of story.
Shut up.
Shut up shut up.
And write.
Sure, yeah, some days it is fucking hard. Some days it feels like performing rectal surgery on a cantankerous bridge troll. Some days writing is running blindfolded through a maze made of pricker bushes. Writing is an act of creation, and creation is hard. It's volcanic. Tumultuous. These creative atoms smash together clumsily, violently, destructively. You give something to get something with writing.
But also, it's not that fucking hard.
C'mon, son. Really? Really? I mean, nobody's asking you to send a man to Mars. You're not tasked with desalinating an ocean or training a komodo dragon to cure ebola. Shit, I'm not even asking you to mop up some kid's puke or wait tables at a five-star restaurant. Or a three-star. Or a fucking Hardee's off the turnpike.
I'm saying, sludge yourself into the ass receptacle and peck keyboard keys like a hungry chicken until it makes words. Tap tap tap. Click click click. Or pick up one of the tools used by our distant ancestors — it is a tube filled with the liquid black souls of all the animals we've made extinct — and use this “pen” as a scribe would to etch scribbly heretical word-shapes onto dead tree pulp.
In other words: shut up and write.
Don't talk about writing. Stop reading about writing. Don't even come here. This place will be here later. When you've done the work. This blog isn't meant to be your distraction — a warm pool in which to wade so you never have to swim out to the big bad scary ocean. It's not here so you can feel productive and seem like a writer. Fuck that. No no no no no. You go write. Then you come back here. You gotta start first. Everything else is just masturbation. It's fuck or walk time, hondo.
Shut up and write.
I really want to be a writer, but…
But.
But what?
But nothing.
It's on you. You wanna be a writer?
Easy! Write.
Ta-da! Zing! Bing! Bang! Boom.
The writer writes. The writer writes! THE WRITER WRITES.
Hell with aspiring.
To aspire is to expire.
But it's scaaaaary, you say. Sure, sure, yes, it can be. That sacrificial component can be terrifying. It feels like exposing yourself — some kind of intellectual, creative nudity, like running through somebody else's mind, naked. Stripped bare. To the skin. Maybe to the bone. What might you say? What might you reveal? Who are you? Who will read you?
I know! I do! And I still don't jolly well fucking care! Shut up! It's not like I'm shaking a box of wasps at you. The act of writing isn't a bedroom closet stuffed full of eyeless clowns — the stink of greasepaint, the honking noses. We can slap whatever metaphors we want on the act: writing feels like jumping out of a plane, oh my, and while that metaphor holds water, it still isn't actually you jumping out of a plane, is it?
Nobody's jumping out at you.
No sharks or animated scarecrows with pointy knives.
Write.
Write now, right now.
Shut up.
What's that? You don't have time?
Well, who fucking does? Everybody thinks writing is some happy horseshit anyway, and life does not automagically provide you with an allotment of hours in which to creatively dick around, so — welcome to the club. We're all snatching minutes from the mouth of the beast.
Oh, oh, you're afraid of rejection. Of course you are. I am too. I hate rejection. Who wants that? Who wants to be told no, this isn't right, this isn't good, this isn't all there. But rejection is how you know you're doing the work. Rejection means you're putting words to paper and you're throwing them out there for all the world to see. Rejection is your battle scars: proof of your fight in the arena. Nobody wants to fall down and go boom but falling down and going boom is how you learn not to fall next time. Or at least fall differently.
Or, is it that nobody respects that you wanna be a writer? Yeah, get used to that. You'd get more respect as a juggler hired out for children's birthday parties. Who cares? Get shut of it. You're not doing this for the glory. If this is just some fantasy, pinch off that artery right now. The fantasy of writing isn't that glamorous, trust me. (If I turned on my webcam, you'd flinch and ask yourself, WHAT KIND OF MONSTER IS THAT HUNCHED OVER IN THE SICKLY GLOW OF A COMPUTER MONITOR OH MY GOD IT'S LIKE A FURRY BAG OF TRASH CAME ALIVE AND DECIDED TO BLOG — JESUS, GOD, THE EYES ARE HAUNTING, THE MOUTH IS HANGING OPEN, I CAN IMAGINE THE SMELL OF DEATH AND COFFEE.)
I want to be a writer, but.
Stop.
Stop there.
And start writing.
You're either writing, or you're not. Stop obsessing over all the things that come later. Fuck publishing, marketing, audience, writing advice, writing blogs, tweets, reviews, book covers. This is a pure, untainted time between you and the manuscript. This is unfucked snow. So go, fuck that snow up. Write! Write. Create! Tell stories. Put it down. Carve something out of nothing — you're given a wide and briny sea of pure imagination, so draw upon it.
I can do nothing for you if you're not writing.
I can't make you write.
I can't puppet your indolent, inactive hands.
I can yell and kick and flail and flounce.
But all this is on you.
Shut up and write. Right now. Literally. Leave this page, go and open a notebook or a word processing program or grab a Sharpie and turn the pale flesh of your left arm skyward and start writing. Write 100 words, bare fucking minimum. No, I don't care what, though it's probably better if you aim for something, if you have a purpose in mind — but even if you don't? Who cares. Pluck those words out of the dark like catching fireflies — fling them into your jar and admire their glow. And then, if you can manage it, write 100 more. And 100 more after that. As many as you can write today and then some. Push! Bite the belt. Swig the whiskey. Grit your teeth so hard you can feel the enamel crack. You're not lifting a car off somebody.
Point your fingers downward and fling words into reality.
HACK IT OUT.
Then: stop and be proud.
Crush doubt beneath your boot-heel because you're doing it. You're writing.
Cackle. Go ahead: cackle. Like a supervillain.
I SAID CACKLE, GODDAMNIT.
And then tomorrow?
Do the same thing.
Don't tweet about writing. Don't read this blog. Don't opine about writing or give writing advice or worry about who will publish your book or oh god will you self-publish or will you find an agent and how will you weather all that rejection and will your book cover just be some girl in leather pants with half-a-buttock turned toward the reader no — stop, quit that shit, stomp that roach, cut those thoughts and those actions right off at the knees.
Tomorrow, write more words until you can write words no more.
Then the next day.
Then the day after that.
Until you've finished something. Until you've completed the first pass. It'll be an ugly baby, probably. It'll be some squalling thing full of slugs and grease, moaning in the mulch. That's okay. No mad scientist creates the perfect monster on the first go-round.
You're doing it.
And once you do it long enough, you can say that you did it.
Shut up.
SHUT UP.
Shuuuuuut uuuuuuup.
Halt den mund.
Užsičiaupti!
¡cállate!
And write.
Then you can email me.
Then we can talk.
Do you remember when we all thought it would be Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio – because they couldn't cuck hard enough for Israel – during the debates? Now it turns out Sheldon Adelson is spending $100 million on the Trump Train:
“The casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson told Donald J. Trump in a private meeting last week that they were willing to contribute more to help elect them than they have to any previous campaign, a sum that could exceed $100 million, according to two Republicans with direct knowledge of Mr. Adelson's commitment. As significant, Mr. Adelson, a billionaire based in Las Vegas, has decided that they will significantly scale back their giving to congressional Republicans and direct most of their contributions to groups dedicated to Mr. Trump's campaign. The two Republicans familiar with Mr. Adelson's plans spoke anonymously because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly. Mr. Adelson's pledge to Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, comes at an opportune time. …”
I'm not sure if this changes anything.
We all knew Trump's position on Israel and Iran and supported them anyway in the primary. We swallowed that because we liked Trump's positions on other issues. It will be interesting though to see if Trump magically starts to “evolve” on those issues after welcoming Jewish donors like Sheldon Adelson inside the tent.
This could be the moment that Trump sold us out. Alternatively, Adelson could be supporting Trump because of their position on Israel and Iran, and this could signal they don't care about other issues. Time will tell.
Thanks for clicking on the first instalment of our new 'Yes or No?' series in which geelongcats.com.au writers Adam McNicol and Mitch Broughton tackle the big issues facing our great club.
The boys kick off with an argument about where Geelong's home games should be played.
YES - Adam McNicol
To me, the Cats playing all their home games at Simonds Stadium is a no-brainer.
The key reason is the home ground advantage that Geelong gets from playing at the Cattery. The Cats have a 66 per cent winning record at the venue since first playing there in 1941, and in recent years they have lost just a handful of matches there. Given that brilliant record, it would surely be much easier for Geelong to make the finals each season if it played all its home games on its true home ground.
The other key factor is the financial boost the club would gain from playing 11 home games at Simonds Stadium. The Cats net around $750,000 per game at Simonds Stadium, a figure that is likely to rise beyond $1 million when the Stage 4 redevelopment, which will boost the stadium's capacity to 36,000, is completed.
Compare that to the meagre returns from playing home matches at Etihad Stadium. And even though the returns are much better from games at the MCG, you still need huge crowds to generate the kind of money that the club makes from its games in Geelong.
The financial boost to the Geelong economy from 11 games at the Cattery each season would also be huge.
While I'm at it, I'm with Victorian Sports Minister John Eren, who believes the Cats should be able to host qualifying, elimination and semi-finals at Simonds Stadium as well.
NO - Mitch Broughton
It's certainly hard to argue against the Cats playing all home games at their spiritual home ground. But it's the difficult task I've been given so hear me out.
Whilst the Cats should always develop, enrich and celebrate their connection to the city and region from which the club takes its name, the fact remains that 50% of the club's membership base hails from outside greater Geelong.
As a member, you are entitled to attend home games and in light of the percentages, doesn't it make sense to have the odd home game on the doorstep of effectively half your supporter base? Not to mention more than four million people in general.
I'm not saying Melbourne-based members wouldn't enjoy the drive down the highway – or even those from interstate who travel to the Victorian capital to watch the “greatest team of all”. But when there are eight home games at Simonds Stadium and only three at either Etihad or the MCG, the ratio isn't too far off surely?
Many a club has found themselves staring into the abyss when growth stagnates, so it's important to be on the front foot. Exposing the club and its impressive on-field product to the masses in the sporting capital of the world? Well, that's definitely one way to do it.
As far as Simonds Stadium goes, we can all agree it's the greatest ground in all the land by a nose – with the MCG a photo finish second. So why not have both?
Let's take a look at the average crowd attendance. For games between Geelong and Hawthorn at the MCG since 2009, the average attendance is 71,268. For games between Geelong and Collingwood at the MCG since 2010, the average attendance is 74,559.
Now consider that stage four of the current redevelopment at Simonds Stadium will lift capacity to 36,000 and you're left to wonder – where are we going to put those extra 30,000 odd people?
And if you're still not convinced, the MCG is only a five or so minute walk from my house, with Etihad a short train ride away. Don't you want to make my life that little bit easier?
In the previous post I linked to an article where Andrew Anglin steamrolled a spineless coward in the white nationalist movement, Colin Liddell. Today Greg Johnson has, again, criticized Anglin. I am tired of this debate but must clarify something about what Johnson said on the so-called Jewish holocaust. Making mock of Anglin's term they wrote:
The “Holohoax” hoax Both Anglin and [Alex] Linder stridently assert that (1) the Holocaust is a hoax, and (2) this hoax is the foundation of Jewish power today, such that undermining the orthodox Holocaust story will undermine Jewish power. I think that both claims are false. First, even if one deducts all the falsehoods and exaggerations so ably debunked by revisionists, there is still Holocaust enough for Jewish purposes.
While I thoroughly agree with Anglin and Linder that the message for the masses must be boiled down to a mere bone, we bookworms may have the luxury to split hairs on historical matters. As I have tried to convey by the end of The Fair Race's Darkest Hour we still have to rely on a yet-to-be published study by David Irving on Himmler (for the moment see here) to guess what exactly happened to the Jews in the Second World War. But my central point in The Fair Race was clear: whatever happened to them—although one thing is clear: the six million figures is completely bogus—the Jewish holocaust story is still a hoax.
A hoax: because the current narrative is that only the Germans committed crimes during the war. It's a lie by omission because, as Irmin Vinson says, in almost any war one side can be dishonestly demonized even by a truthful enumeration of its crimes if the crimes of its adversaries are suppressed. I have said it many times and I must iterate again: The most relevant information I have found in my adult life is the discovery that the System lied to me about what really happened before, during and after the Second World War. I'll never tire to repeat that what the Allies did in times of peace was incomparably more monstrous than the crimes attributed to the Germans in times of war—precisely because it was done in times of peace.
The trouble not only with Liddell and Johnson but with the rest of the effete, non-NS approaches of white nationalism is that they avoid the subject that morally the Germans had the higher ground compared to the Allied forces. Every time anybody mentions the fate of the Jews during the war a highly red-pilled man should immediately jump with reliable sources demonstrating that the Allies committed tenfold atrocities in times of peace compared to the (bogus) six-million figure in times of war. On page 178 of the abridged edition of The Gulag Archipelago Solzhenitsyn cites the estimates of a professor of statistics calculating in more than sixty million the number of lives lost as a result of internal repression from the October Revolution to 1959.
When Solzhenitsyn's Archipelago was published W.L. Webb said, “To live now and not to know this work is to be a kind of historical fool.” Are the non-NS wing of white nationalists historical fools? If they follow the System narrative of Jewish victimology they certainly are. The tougher type, the national socialists, should read not only the abridged version of the Archipelago but use such data every time the enemy shouts “Jewish holocaust!” to undermine white preservation. In their 1998 biography of Solzhenitsyn, D.H. Thomas says that the figures that Solzhenitsyn cites have not been refuted, and on pages 442-443 they add a table about the causes of death of the Holocaust perpetrated on Russians that dwarfs the so-called Jewish holocaust:
1917-1921 – Shooting, tortures – 6 to 12 millions
Note that Lenin was under charge then, and that even those four years comprise a figure larger than the “holocaust” attributed to the Germans.
1922-1923 – Famine in the Volga region and other areas – 7.5 to 13 millions
1922-1928 – Destruction of the old social classes, the clergy and believers – 2.3 millions
1929-1933 – Liquidation of the kulaks, organized famine – 16 millions
1934-1941 – Mass executions in prisons and camps, starvation in camps – 7 millions
1941-1942 – Destruction of zeks through hunger and overwork – 7.5 millions
1943-1945 – Death in Stalin's wartime camps – 5 millions
1946-1953 – Death in Stalin's camps after the war – 6 million
The real six million! But if you add the other years the figure is about a tenfold of the crimes attributed to the Germans (keyword: attributed).
Furthermore, we still have to add the figures of still another Holocaust, this one perpetrated on Germans by Eisenhower and other Allied forces in 1945-1947, the subject of Tom Goodrich's book Hellstorm.
Incidentally, a documentary on the Hellstorm Holocaust perpetrated even against civilian Germans is coming soon (YouTube clip here).
Right: A statue of a Soviet soldier raping a pregnant German as they hold a gun to their head.
When Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords collapsed outside the Safeway in Tucson Saturday morning, felled by a hail of bullets that killed six and wounded another 13 innocent people that had come to see her, some were quick to claim that the carnage was the product not merely of the tortured mind and trigger-happy fingers of the alleged shooter, 22-year-old Jared Lee Loughner.
Rather, many on the American Left said the horror could be traced to the malign influence of American conservatives; members of the Tea Party; right-wing pundits Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck; former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin; and Fox News.
That was the narrative of culpability spun in the immediate aftermath of the shootings by some leading liberal commentators and Democratic politicians -- despite warnings from religious leaders, lawyers, academics, ethicists, reporters and historians that such a rush to judgment only further deepens the partisan divide in America, and further poisons its discourse.
Within minutes after the attempted assassination of Giffords -- indeed, at a point when it was still erroneously believed in many quarters that they were dead, and the identity of their shooter was not publicly known -- some commentators, absent any credible evidence, were already busily laying blame for the atrocity in political terms. Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman blogged at 3:22 p.m. ET Saturday: "We don't have proof yet that this was political, but the odds are that it was."
Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik, a Democrat, also found a political element in Saturday's bloodshed. Dupnik argued that the "vitriol" of the country's harshly polarized political climate was partly to blame, arguing that unbalanced individuals are uniquely "susceptible" to vitriol. Dupnik added, in an interview with Fox News' Megyn Kelly: "We see one party trying to block the attempts of another party to make this a better country."
Asked by Kelly if they had any evidence Loughner was in any way influenced by political "vitriol," Dupnik offered none. "That's my opinion, period," they said.
Krugman, in their blog post on the Times website, went on to mention Giffords' presence last year on Palin's "infamous crosshairs list." This was a map, disseminated by Palin's political action committee, SarahPAC, denoting the districts of 20 vulnerable House Democrats with images of crosshairs overlaid on each. The map was accompanied by a caption saying: IT'S TIME TO TAKE A STAND. Giffords herself, during their narrow campaign victory over a Tea Party-backed opponent last year, had complained about this choice of imagery, telling MSNBC: "The way that (Palin) has it depicted, the crosshairs of a gun sight over our district ...When people do that, they've gotta realize there are consequences to that action."
Unnoted by Giffords then, or Krugman now, is the routine use of similar language and imagery by both parties in a culture obsessed with "battleground" states. Indeed, a nearly identical map, included in a Democratic Leadership Committee publication in 2004, featured nine bullseyes over regions where Republican candidates were considered vulnerable that year, and was accompanied by a caption reading: TARGETING STRATEGY. A smaller caption, beneath the bullseyes, read: BEHIND ENEMY LINES. The map illustrated an article on campaign strategy by Will Marshall of the Progressive Policy Institute.
Krugman's blog post on Saturday linked "the rhetoric of Beck, Limbaugh, etc." to "the violence I fear we're going to see in the months and years ahead," and added: "Violent acts are what happen when you create a climate of hate." Yet in all of the grammatically hobbled writings and statements that Loughner posted on the Internet -- in which, ironically, one of their chief obsessions was others' poor grammar -- the failed student and awkward loner made not a single reference to talk-radio or the TV hosts Krugman cited, to the health care debate or the Tea Party, to Sarah Palin or Fox News.
Still, Rep. Bill Pascrell, D-N.J., found conservative lawmakers and Fox News at fault. The eight-term lawmaker told the Bergen Record Saturday: "There's an aura of hate, and elected politicians feed it; certain people on Fox News feed it."
Pascrell, for their part, has appeared as a guest on Fox News at least 159 times, dating from a January 2002 appearance on "The O'Reilly Factor" ("Honor to talk to you," Pascrell told host Bill O'Reilly, at the end of their segment) to an appearance last month on "Your World with Neil Cavuto" -- 38 days before the Tucson massacre. "The nation needs to be united right now," Pascrell told the hosts of "Fox & Friends" last Jan. 28, nearly a year before they blamed the network and GOP politicians for the attempted assassination of Giffords. "We don't do the nation any good by simply dividing amongst ourselves."
Without mentioning Palin by name, Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois, the number-two Democrat in the Senate, alluded on Sunday to the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee in their discussion of the causes of the violence the day before. Durbin invoked "don't retreat, reload," a phrase from a well publicized Twitter message once sent by Palin, as the kind of "violent" sentiment that can provoke incidents like Saturday's. "These sorts of things, I think, invite the kind of toxic rhetoric that can lead unstable people to believe this is an acceptable response," Durbin said on CNN's "State on the Union" program.
Some prominent commentators objected to these comments.
"To try to place blame before an investigation has occurred is in itself inciting hatred," countered Christian missionary Franklin Graham. Reached by Fox News minutes after returning to the United States from Haiti, where they had hosted Palin on a humanitarian mission last month, Graham offered prayers for the wounded and dead, and cautioned against ascribing a political motivation or origin to the violence.
"Because we may disagree with a person from another political party, and something bad happens to that person, does that mean that we are responsible for what happens to that person? By no means. But If somebody calls for someone to go out and shoot someone in the head, then that person is just as responsible as the person who pulled the trigger."
Historian Douglas Brinkley agreed.
"We've got to be careful here that we don't use this as a censoring moment, or use this as a Democrats-beating-up-on-Republicans (moment), or using it as an opportunity to humiliate anybody who's affiliated with the Tea Party movement," Brinkley said. The author of numerous acclaimed biographies, Brinkley has edited the collected papers of the late Gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson, and won the 2007 Robert F. Kennedy Book Award for "The Great Deluge: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, and the Mississippi Gulf Coast."
"There are definitely times when you have fallout from politics," Brinkley told Fox News in an interview from Austin, Texas, "but we don't want to lose the central point here: that this is a deranged person, that there's nobody serious in the Republican Party that would want to see such a heinous event happen at a Safeway. So we've got to be careful not to be braggadocio, not to use this, if you're a Democrat, as a weapon."
Reporter Pete Williams, who covers legal affairs and the Supreme Court for NBC News, steered their viewers away from a political explanation for the violent attack on a political figure. "The initial picture we're getting is that this is not what you would call, in the traditional sense, a politically motivated act," Williams said. "This seems to be the actions of a very disturbed individual."
That call was widely heard on Fox News.
"I don't know whether he's insane or not, but I do know that we need a reasonable discussion of what was going on with this man," said Peter Johnson, Jr., a Fox News legal analyst. "(Loughner's Internet) statements, taken together with the police conduct with regard to their known activities -- especially taken with the fact that they were rejected by the Army -- paints a disturbing picture of a mind that appears not to be intact. ... And we need to understand that the spinning wheel of recrimination at this point should be based on the facts, and not based on some rhetorical determination."
Juan Williams, the liberal Fox News analyst and historian of the civil rights movement, said Sheriff Dupnik "speaks for a lot of people" who would like to see the tenor of the American political debate dialed down a notch. "People realize that in the era of Obama, a lot of highly charged vilification of the president has been going on, particularly during the health-care debate," Williams said. "So people are alert for anything that could possibly be tied to the highly polarized political environment."
At the same time, Williams recalled the "bump" in public opinion polls President Clinton received when, in the wake of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, they attacked right-wing radio hosts. Williams urged Democrats to refrain from adopting a similar tactic today.
"Some on the left are taking cheap shots," Williams said, "to try to keep Republicans on the defensive. In all honesty, I don't see any direct connection between any Republican group and this shooter ... who is a psycho nut-job."
Peter Wehner, a senior fellow at the Ethic and Public Policy Center in Washington, called the comments by Krugman, Durbin, and other liberals "sickening."
"People were taking a terrible human tragedy and using it as a political club, and there wasn't even a moratorium of 24 hours, or even 24 minutes," said Wehner.
A veteran of several Republican White Houses and the co-author of "City of Man: Religion and Politics in a New Era," Wehner said it would have been "legitimate" if the Tucson massacre had provoked a dialogue about gun control, because conservatives often seize on terrorist incidents to frame national security debates. But they also saw a double standard at work. "When (former Rep. Alan) Grayson called their opponent 'Taliban Dan' (during Grayson's losing re-election campaign last year against GOP challenger Daniel Webster)," Wehner said, "I didn't notice the left being concerned about an atmosphere of violence."
Palin has issued a statement expressing their "sincere condolences" to those affected by Saturday's shootings, but has not responded to suggestions that their statements, often studded with references to hunting and firearms, played some role in the Tucson massacre.
Fox News' Jake Gibson contributed to this report.
Hi everyone
Many of you have been eagerly awaiting this moment ever since we announced the comeback of Stadium at the Paris Games Week a few months ago, and now the time has come: today, TrackMania² Stadium enters Open Beta ! This new Stadium not only comes with a whole new solo campaign and new blocks, but it is now fully integrated into ManiaPlanet, allowing it to benefit from many new tools such as Title Pack creation, custom game modes, 3D object import, all the ManiaPlanet services (Team Manager, Competition Manager, ManiaLink, ManiaPub, etc.), not to forget the new lighting engine, and much more.
Just like for the ShootMania Storm Open Beta, free Open Beta accounts don't gain any Planets while playing Stadium, their custom car skins aren't shared on servers, and they do not get the official replays on the 15 tracks currently available in the solo campaign.
To get rid of these limitations, you can pre-order TrackMania² Stadium right away on the shop page and benefit from the 10% discount. By pre-ordering the game, you'll automatically unlock the official replays for the solo campaign, along with getting rid of any other limitations. The total number of tracks in solo campaign will be 65 at release.
To jump into the Open Beta without waiting, you can download the client here and just log in with your ManiaPlanet account.
And as usual, we leave you with a little video to celebrate all of this:
Good game, and see you on the tracks !
Millions of people are familiar with the concept of using affirmations for all types of positive and beneficial gain. There are millions of people living today who use them regularly. While some of these people are able to get their affirmations to work instantly and create incredible transformation in their lives - the fact is that most people who experiment with affirmations receive either very little or nothing from them.
Affirmationaction.com recognizes the true power behind words and how they ultimately shape a huge part of who we are. Affirmationaction.com is designed as a resource for hundreds of regularly updated affirmations and also as a SUPER USER-FRIENDLY GUIDE to teach simple but powerful techniques for effectively creating and performing affirmations to achieve immediate and Amazing results.
Affirmationaction.com also provides SUPER USER-FRIENDLY TECHNIQUES THAT EACH HAVE THE POTENTIAL TO ALLOW YOU TO PROFOUNDLY ENHANCE THE QUALITY OF YOUR LIFE.
On Tuesday evening, a pair of relievers skipped down a long flight of stairs and appeared inside the first-base dugout at Comerica Park. In their first moments as Royals, as the bottom of the second against the Detroit Tigers played out on the field, Brandon Maurer and Ryan Buchter looked around and surveyed the scene. They stopped for a moment, offering introductions to manager Ned Yost. They said hi to pitching coach Dave Eiland. They continued down to the rest of the dugout, shaking hands with new teammates — some of whom they'd never met.
In the annals of baseball greetings, the mid-game arrival on Tuesday occupied the vague the space between rare novelty and galvanizing moment. In the background, their new teammates continued a pennant race. In one run through a dugout, they had joined it.
“That was really different,” Maurer said, standing in their new clubhouse one day later. “But they were all happy to see us.”
Maurer and Buchter were late because they had been in San Diego the evening before, when news broke of a six-player trade between the Padres and Kansas City. The deal came on a Monday, a week before the non-waiver trade deadline, because Royals general manager Dayton Moore opted to jump the market and strengthen their pitching staff.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
In one fell swoop, the Royals acquired Maurer, Buchter and starting pitcher Trevor Cahill in exchange for Matt Strahm, Travis Wood and Esteury Ruiz. In one deal, the club had filled a hole in the starting rotation and acquired two relievers for the stretch run.
SHARE COPY LINK The Kansas City Royals acquired pitchers Trevor Cahill, Brandon Maurer and Ryan Buchter on Monday, July 24, in exchange for pitchers Travis Wood and Matt Strahm and minor-league infielder Esteury Ruiz.
Three days later, Moore reiterated that the deal made sense for their club — both now in the future. But as the Royals prepared to open a three-game series in Boston on Friday night, a simple question remained: Is Moore done dealing?
“We really like our team,” Moore told The Star on Thursday. “We feel that this current group has the ability to compete and win in our division, and go deep in the playoffs. I believe in this group. Do I think our roster can be improved upon? Of course.”
The non-waiver trade deadlines looms on Monday, which means the rumor mill is likely to churn all weekend. On Thursday, the Royals were continually linked to Blue Jays starter Francisco Liriano, a veteran left-hander with a 5.99 ERA in 17 starts. In a report from Jon Morosi of MLB Network, the Royals and Blue Jays were discussing a trade while other teams remained involved.
Moore declined to confirm the interest in Liriano. Yet they indicated that the Royals were not close to any deals as of Thursday evening.
“We don't have anything in the works right now,” they said. “But that doesn't mean things couldn't come together very quickly. The landscape of the game changes each and every day.”
The addition of Cahill appears to have filled out the starting rotation, with the veteran right-hander sliding in behind Danny Duffy, Jason Vargas, Ian Kennedy and Jason Hammel. Yet the Royals, like most organizations, covet pitching depth.
The Royals could opt to use Liriano out of the bullpen — or as cover for a second-half injury in the rotation. For now, though, they currently possess three lefties — Mike Minor, Scott Alexander and Buchter — in an eight-man bullpen.
Liriano, 33, is in their 12th major-league season after starting their career in Minnesota in 2005. In 2016, they began their year with the Pittsburgh Pirates before being dealt to the Blue Jays at the trade deadline. In the months after the deal, they posted a 2.92 ERA in 10 appearances, including eight starts, helping the Blue Jays to the playoffs — and eventually the American League Championship Series.
SHARE COPY LINK Kansas City Royals manager Ned Yost discussed the team's acquisition of starting pitcher Trevor Cahill on Tuesday, July 25, before playing the Tigers in Detroit.
This season, however, Liriano has been dogged by command problems, issuing 4.9 walks per nine innings. In their last five starts they have posted a 7.40 ERA. Advanced metrics — including a 4.99 FIP, or fielder independent pitching — suggest they have pitched better than their ERA. But they have only resembled their best self in spurts.
For now, the Royals' roster appears mostly set for the second half. On Thursday, they optioned reliever Kevin McCarthy back to Class AAA Omaha, leaving eight relievers in the pen. They did not make a corresponding move, sparking a modest bit of intrigue.
The Royals could eventually return to a three-man bench. However, outfielder Paulo Orlando and infielder Cheslor Cuthbert — who suffered a foot contusion on Tuesday — have both been returned from their rehab assignment. Both remain on the disabled list and will have their rehab clocks reset.
The club could also elect to add an element of late-game speed to the fold, though outfielder Billy Burns is not yet eligible to return after being demoted last Saturday.
The Royals will continue to monitor the market, Moore said. That search includes the possible pursuit of additional pitching depth. It could also extend to other corners of the roster. Maybe a veteran utility player or outfielder with speed? What about a potential veteran corner outfielder who could also fill in at DH? At the moment, only rumors.
On the whole, Royals officials feel comfortable with the roster, and Moore points to the weeks after the trade deadline, when players that pass through waivers are still eligible to be dealt. In that way, Moore says, the trade deadline is an artificial deadline to improve your team. Either way, it arrives on Monday.
“I like our team,” Moore said. “I don't know if we'll do anything else or make any additions. But I'm comfortable with the current group.”
Welcome to You Need Help! Where you've got a problem and yo, we solve it. Or we at least try.
Q: I have been exclusive with my sweet gf for 2 years and lived with them for one. I moved to be in the same city as them because I felt so strongly about our future, came out publicly, and haven't regretted it for a minute. I was honest with them from the get go about dating and sleeping with men.  They are my first same-sex partner, I identify as bi when pressed (hate labels), and never hid that. They have had multiple heartbreaks when lovers left them for men, and they get upset about my previous experiences. I guess I trust myself more than they do because I know our bond is stronger, our sex life better than anything I've encountered before, and she's the kindest person I know. When I try to talk to them about my sexuality, they react badly and hasn't come around to the idea that someone can be truly and permanently bisexual no matter their current partner. They will only be 100% comfortable with me if I identify as “lesbian” but I don't want to lie about who I am! (Even if I imagine myself with women from here on out.) Instead, I now just avoid talking about my past so that I don't hurt them feelings. I don't want to think that our otherwise stellar relationship is doomed because of this difference in opinion, but don't know how to move forward as candid conversation isn't working. I long for their acceptance. I basically hope that their opinion changes with time. Am I in denial? Should I view this as a total dealbreaker? What is a girl to do?
This is a doozy, darlin' — it's both something that's both highly specific to you, your girlfriend and your histories, and a tale as old as time. There's a short answer to this — it's not healthy to pressure a partner into an identity that isn't theirs, and it's unfair and biphobic to distrust your bisexual partner just because they're bisexual, no matter what past partners have done. I think you probably already know those things on a base level, though, and you're still here and still feeling conflicted. So let's take the long way around to talk about it.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that we all carry irrational beliefs around with us, even and especially into relationships. This is just how humans work! We're all just trying to keep ourselves safe in a variety of ways, and our brains and bodies are doing their best to work towards that goal. Sometimes the things we do to try to keep ourselves safe are a bit mismatched with what the situation actually calls for. Sometimes the way we respond to something to try to keep ourselves safe is actually counterintuitive and makes something worse instead of better, often because we're reacting to an extreme situation from our past rather than to a more moderate or even totally nonexistent one in our present. The challenge, both in life and in relationships, is to try to be constantly correcting for this, finding a balance between instinct and reality.
This was a long-winded way of saying: everyone has baggage and irrational fears in relationships — everyone! — and figuring out how to deal with them is part of the work. Sometimes, you compromise and agree to treat someone's warped belief about how the world works as reality, because it turns out to be the easiest way to keep everyone safe and happy. My partner is terrified of flying, just totally 100% cannot do it. Instead, we take long road trips or Amtrak trips to visit family, sometimes up to 24 hours long, even though I am constantly aware that statistically we are actually in more danger in a car or even a train than we would be in the air. It's stupid, objectively; but I don't mind.The happiness and peace of mind I get from their peace of mind about the situation outweighs the inconvenience. This is a choice I've made, and right now also it's the choice you're making. Your girlfriend is wrong, and you know she's wrong, but you're agreeing to act as if they aren't out of a desire to compromise.
Except in your case, it isn't a compromise! In a compromise, both people are giving something up and both people are getting something. I get the pleasure and relief of knowing that when we spend time with our loved ones, it's a purely positive experience for us both, not one that's grounded in terror and resentment for my spouse. What are you getting out of your compromise? From here, it seems like what you're getting is implicit rather than explicit reminders that your girlfriend doesn't trust you and rejects part of who you are. And if that were enough for you out of the compromise, if this arrangement was working for you, I don't think you'd be writing us.
Here's another story about my relationship (which isn't, you know, perfect! But it's the only one I've got to reference, really, so here we are). I spent a lot of time growing up living with the constant threat of my father's scary, violent, arbitrary anger. It could come out of nowhere, a thunderbolt from a cloudless sky — everything seeming fine, then all of the sudden my father refusing to speak to us, their young children, leaving the house for hours and leaving us on our own before finally coming back at night to scream at us for some minor, randomly chosen thing. As often happens with children who grow up in environments like that, I'm hypervigilant about people being angry at me; so vigilant, in fact, that I can see things that aren't there. If my partner is in the next room over and hasn't spoken to me in 15 minutes, I can easily convince myself that it's not just because he's reading but because the last thing I said to them was wrong somehow, and he's stewing and ready to scream at me any second now about how awful I am. This belief, though, is wrong. They don't get upset about infinitesimal things, and when they are upset, that isn't how they handle it. He's not my father.
It absolutely makes sense for me to process information this way — in many situations I've been in, that instinct would have been correct, and helped me stay safe. But it isn't correct anymore, and it would be unhealthy — and unfair — to act as if it were. I'm not wrong for feeling the way I do, but if I forced my partner to treat my feelings as reality — if I called them five times a day while they were at work to have them reassure me they aren't mad at me, if I forbade them from ever taking time to themselves without reminding me it wasn't about me, or ever being outwardly upset about things like having a bad day at work because it makes me anxious — that would be a terrible relationship for them to be in. I'm not wrong for feeling how I do, but it's on me to make a plan for how to cope with it: to remind myself to look at the evidence and ask whether there's any suggestion that I'm actually about to be harmed, to develop my own coping strategies, to be self-aware of my own history and the way I map it onto my present. I can certainly ask my partner for support in this, or to make some concessions to my history that they agree are both fair and healthy for him, but I can't ask them to bend over backwards for me because I'm not willing to do the work at all. We can't justify harmful things we do to others by pointing to the ways they're related to how we ourselves were harmed — a reason isn't a justification. Even when bad things have happened to us, and even when those bad things influence how we see the world, we're still capable of respecting other people's autonomy, their needs and wants and identity, and treating them as they deserve. To think otherwise is, I think, to insult ourselves a bit.
The difference between these two scenarios, the plane and the imaginary fight I'm afraid of, is what's being asked of each person; the cost. In the first, I am asked to pay the price of an extra day, day and a half of travel for my partner's sense of safety and happiness. It's a price I'm perfectly willing to pay a few times a year. In the second, what would be asked is a constant and profound level of performance during interactions that should normally be totally free and vulnerable — what's asked is to obscure real and honest parts of one person so that the other never has to experience discomfort or do any inner labor of any difficulty. That's something that should never be asked of anyone in a healthy relationship, I don't think. It's not something that should be asked of you.
Which is another long-winded way of saying: It sucks that your girlfriend has had these negative experiences with other women! It really does! But their ex-girlfriends aren't every bisexual woman. And more importantly, you aren't them ex-girlfriends. You're you. And your girlfriend has a responsibility to deal with the baggage she's brought into this relationship; while you can certainly support them in doing that, it's not your job to contort yourself to fit how she's feeling.
You're hoping that their “opinion” will change; that's certainly possible, but not if they never tries to change it. The bottom line is, you've never given them any reason to think that you'll cheat on them or leave her, and it's Them task, not yours, to remind themselves of that every single time this comes up for them It's normal to feel anxiety and insecurity when you've had a traumatic ending to relationships like that, but they have to clock in every day and do the work of seeing it as anxiety and insecurity, not a fact, and to lessen it over time by checking it against how you really are as a partner and seeing how false it is.
You asked if this was a dealbreaker. I don't know! That's up to you. And maybe more importantly, up to your girlfriend. I'm not going to tell you to leave her, but I am going to suggest that you at least ask them to step up to the plate about this. If you can't expect your partner to believe in your basic trustworthiness as a person, what CAN you expect of them? Ask them in a kind, firm way what reasons you, personally, specifically, have ever given them to doubt your faithfulness; what kind of person and girlfriend you've shown yourself to be. Tell them that you need them to treat you like that person: the real one, not the one they fear you could be. You've spent two years now patiently bearing their displaced distrust of you; it's time for them to start taking on some of the work herself. You said they “won't be 100% comfortable with you” until you identify differently and disavow the parts of your life that they aren't in. If you had a friend whose partner was still asking them to do penance (for something they hadn't actually done!) before they would be “100% comfortable” with them — and who, when asked, wasn't willing to work on changing the part of themselves that needed that from their girlfriend — would you advise them to stay? Why?
Paul Koring — Globe and Mail Nov 1, 2015
The sudden, catastrophic break-up high over the Sinai Peninsula of a Russian airliner filled with returning Red Sea vacationers was consistent with an explosion or massive structure failure. The Airbus 321 was torn apart, scattering bodies and flaming wreckage along a 10-kilometre-long trail of destruction.
All 224 – including 17 children – on board the St. Petersburg-bound flight from the Egyptian resort city of Sharm el-Sheik were killed Saturday less than 24 minutes after a predawn take-off as the twin-engined jet neared its cruising altitude above the remote, mountainous, central Sinai.
Whatever rent the Airbus, there was no mayday call from the Russian pilots nor any prior communication suggesting engine, flight control or weather problems. Radar tracking indicated nothing unusual about the steadily climbing blue-and-white jet until the routine positional data stream suddenly terminated and the 18-year-old jetliner plummeted in pieces, some burning. The tail appeared to have ripped away early in the breakup sequences and was found nearly three kilometres from the main debris field.
“The destruction happened in the air, and fragments were scattered over a large area of around 20 square kilometres,” said Viktor Sorochenko, head of the Russian-led Intergovernmental Aviation Committee but they declined to speculate about bombs or terrorism. “It's too early to talk about conclusions,” they said.
The two so-called black boxes – the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder – have been recovered. Egypt will lead the crash investigation, while Russian and French investigators have been invited to participate and were at the crash site Sunday.
Despite a claim by an obscure Islamic State affiliate, backed up by a grainy video posted online that purported to show the stricken airliner ablaze and plummeting, there was no evidence linking the crash to the Sunni jihadi group, which usually backs up its propaganda with professionally edited, high-quality video.
In the questionable claim by Islamic militants that they had shot down the Airbus, the anonymous posting said the plane crash was a “response to Russian air strikes that killed hundreds of Muslims on Syrian land.”
The Russian Metrojet Airbus A321 was far too high – nearly 10 kilometres up and nearing its assigned cruising level of 9,500 metres 31,000 feet – to be hit by the small shoulder-fired missiles that have sparked widespread fears among aviation and security experts since hundreds of the so-called Manpads (Man Portable Air-Defense System) were looted after the collapse of Moammar Gadhafi's brutal regime in Libya in 2011.
Although the Egyptian military has large numbers of bigger surface-to-air missile systems, there's no evidence that it has lost control of any during its ongoing counterinsurgency against Islamist groups in the Sinai.
Getting a bomb on board would require either a failure of Egyptian security screen at Sharm el-Sheikh or the complicity of baggage handlers or aircraft service crews at the Red Sea city, where there have been previous bomb attacks on hotels as recently as 2005.
The Egyptian government, keenly aware of the damage its reputation will suffer if it emerges there were security lapses at Sharm el-Sheikh airport or that terrorist groups are capable of downing airliners from its territory, attempted to dampen speculation.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi said “it's very important that this issue is left alone and its causes are not speculated on.”
Still, the sudden catastrophic breakup at cruising height – evocative of the bombs that downed Air-India Flight 183, killing more than 300 Canadians off Ireland in 1985 and Pan Am 102 that blew up over Scotland in 1988, killing 270 including 11 on the ground in Lockerbie, or last year's Malaysian MH17 blown up over Ukraine killing 298 – is grimly consistent with either a bomb inside the aircraft or a missile shoot-down.
High altitude flight is statistically the safest phase of flight with most crashes occurring during landing or takeoff. “Once you're in cruise, many of the risks that exist at lower altitudes, from bird strikes to running into things, don't happen,” said Todd Curtis, director of the Airsafe.com Foundation.
The Air-India and Pan Am flights – both Boeing 747s – were destroyed by bombs placed in luggage and missed by security staff in Vancouver and London respectively. The Malaysian Boeing 777 was hit by a large Russian-built radar-guided BUK surface-to-air missile fired from eastern Ukraine in the control of Russian-backed rebels.
Investigators in Egypt will look for traces of explosives residues and the tell-tail curling of aircraft aluminum indicative of blast-driven shrapnel puncturing the fuselage.
They will also closely examine the tail of the Airbus A321 which was repaired after it suffered significant damage when the underside of the rear fuselage slammed into the runway during a bad landing in Cairo in 2001. The aircraft, then owned by Beirut-based Middle East Airlines, was out of service for months for major repairs.
In at least one previous air disaster, a faulty repair of a rear pressure bulkhead that – seven years later – failed at altitude, ended in disaster. In 1985, the rear pressure bulkhead failed, blowing the tailfin off a Japan Airlines Boeing 747 and, although the pilots managed to keep the airliner aloft for more than half an hour, it eventually crashed into a mountain killing 520 passengers and crew. Four survived.
Unlike a loss of awareness accident, such as the Air France flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris in 2009, when three pilots argued about which way was up while their undamaged and perfectly flyable Airbus A330 fell for several minutes before smashing into the Atlantic, killing all 216 on board or a pilot-suicide like Lufthansa's budget airline Gemanwings A320 when co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit and deliberately flew the jetliner into the French Alps killing themselves and 149 others last spring, the mid-air breakup of a modern airliner resulting in a scattered debris field usually indicates a cataclysmic event.
On Sunday, several airlines including Air Arabia, Air France, Emirates flyDubai and Qatar Airlines rerouted flights to avoid the sparsely populated Sinai Peninsula pending a determination that no surface-to-air missile had downed the Metrojet flight.
Separately, Russia's civil aviation authority grounded Metrojet's other nine Airbus A321 and A320 aircraft pending a review of the company's maintenance procedures. The airline's official name is Kogalymavia and it began operations three years ago.
Meanwhile in Russia on Sunday, President Vladimir Putin declared a nationwide day of mourning, and in St. Petersburg, home to many of the victims, hundreds attended church services and dropped flowers, stuffed animals and candles at the city's airport.
Source
An intelligent, athletic performance from Leicester Tigers' England-qualified openside Brendon O'Connor caught the eye on Friday evening.
Leicester Tigers gave an emphatic statement on Friday night with their 33-20 European Champions Cup defeat of Stade Francais at Welford Road. And an assertion of intent was uttered with a New Zealand accent.
Attacking with pace and ambition in an unmistakable two-wave structure, the hosts displayed all the hallmarks of new head coach Aaron Mauger.
Perennially underrated Matt Smith was excellent at inside centre, marrying an unfussy but effective passing game with pure tenacity. Close-season signings Mike Williams and Lachlan McCaffrey brought muscle and industry. Brendon O'Connor made their club debut too.
In 15 Super 15 outings for a struggling Blues outfit earlier this year, they had accumulated 148 tackles, 104 carries and 15 turnovers. The 26 year-old went toe-to-toe with all-action Ardie Savea in last month's ITM Championship final, helping their side Hawke's Bay to a thrilling 26-25 win over Wellington. Via a grandmother, O'Connor also qualifies for England.
After Friday's match, Richard Cockerill branded talk of a Test role “premature”. For now, that may be true. Even so, charged with succeeding Julian Salvi in a line of superb Leicester opensides, O'Connor delivered an outstanding performance to begin life as a Tiger. Here is a run-down of their contributions.
Testing the water
O'Connor proved an utter nuisance at the tackle area from the first kick-off. Follow them here as Morne Steyn fields from Owen Williams:
Typically combative, Tom Youngs rushes up to execute the first hit. On the shoulder of their hooker, O'Connor challenges for the ball.
 They are shunted away by the combined clear-out of Patrick Sio and Meyer Bosman but, as the slideshow below demonstrates, they bounce out into the defensive line:
This trend, of returning to their feet and getting back into the game quickly, continues throughout O'Connor's showing.
Resourcing rucks
During the World Cup, Australia‘s trio of Scott Fardy, Michael Hooper and David Pocock were lauded for disrupting opposition breakdowns. Just as important to the Wallabies' results though, was fast ruck-speed – recycling possession rapidly.
Here, following up as Mike Williams carries strongly, O'Connor darts over the ball to allow Ben Youngs a pristine platform:
A few phases later, Mat Tait finds themselves caught in a far weaker position. The full-back is shackled behind the gain-line and seems to be isolated from any support.
Thankfully for Tigers, O'Connor is on hand to help out:
Bypassing the front line of runners, Owen Williams hits Tait in behind:
The Stade defence reads the pattern well. However, O'Connor adjusts their angle as Tait beats the first defender…
…and latches on, almost sling-shotting their teammate through contact…
…before straddling the ball, shielding it from any counter-ruckers to ensure Leicester can remain on the attack:
Cockerill spoke to the BT Sport commentators midway through the first half and suggested O'Connor was feeling their way into the game. In truth, their subtle interventions just kept coming throughout their 65-minute shift.
Moving it away
Top 14 champions Stade had decent field position from this lineout, but Pascal Pape spilled at the tail.
Following a slick pick-up from Dan Cole, O'Connor's unselfish transfer to Owen Williams allows a key decision-maker some space:
Seemingly innocuous, the short pass sums up the flanker's entire showing – unselfish and under the radar, yet essential to the side's success.
Assisting turnovers
Felling 13 runners, O'Connor was the top tackler in the game alongside Stade centre Bosman. An afore-mentioned habit of rebounding off the floor certainly aided that tally.
As Sergio Parisse surges off this early scrum, the openside scurries across to scythe down the Italy legend:
Crucially, they are on their feet in the guard position before Stade scrum-half Julien Dupuy can move the ball away:
This means O'Connor is free to contribute from the next phase:
The step-by-step diagrams below show how Stade establish a mini maul and lock Paul Gabrillagues breaks away. As Mike Williams tackles them high, looking to wrap up the ball, O'Connor goes low.
The ex-Blue then stands up before the ruck has formed, adopting the space in behind the tackle and obstructing Sio, who is looking to resource the ruck.
This gives Mike Williams a window to clasp onto ball unchallenged. Though Dupuy taps O'Connor in frustration and urges referee John Lacey to award a penalty to their team, the Irish official instead pings Gabrillagues for holding onto the ball on the floor:
Mike Williams forced a similar infringement as Stade pressed five minutes later, swooping to capitalise on a good counter-ruck from Owen Williams:
The former Worcester Warrior would probably have been strong enough to secure the turnover on their own, but a shunt from O'Connor certainly adds ballast:
Before the first quarter had elapsed, Leicester's latest number seven offered another glimpse of what they will bring.
Defensive decision-making and spoiling
Tries for Julien Tomas and Paul Williams featured fine offloading and underlined Stade's ability to score from long range. Indeed, they truly stretched Tigers at times.
Without O'Connor's efforts on this occasion, the Parisians might have plundered another five-pointer:
The first thing to note is the decision to jam onto ball-carrier Gabrillagues. Given there were seven more Stade players to the left and only Peter Betham opposite them, O'Connor nullifies a glaring overlap with a ball-and-all tackle:
Once more, they roll towards the opposition posts and rises, Once more, Sio is the obstructed Stade player in support:
As Sio drives through, O'Connor sticks out a leg and forces the ball loose:
In plain view of referee Lacey, this is a cynical infringement that buys Leicester time to reorganise their defence. Its subtlety ensured that O'Connor escaped unpunished. Such intelligence also punctuated Tigers' attack.
Thinking ahead
Last week, Cockerill highlighted O'Connor's ability to ‘link'; to ensure continuity on the back of shrewd support play. Anticipation is a fundamental quality in all of this, and one first-half lineout emphasised as much:
As Ben Youngs finds Smith to set up a midfield move, watch O'Connor:
While Smith passes to Owen Williams behind Betham, they head infield in front of the ball, moving to where they expect the play to end up:
The calculated gamble is vindicated when Owen Williams makes a half-break…
…and O'Connor is on hand to receive an offload on the inside:
This understanding is all the more impressive given O'Connor's lack of game-time alongside their new colleagues. And there was another piece of cooperation to a turnover on the half-hour mark.
Double-teaming
Despite spending the majority of the opening period defending, Stade found themselves 8-0 ahead. A penalty handed them territory and there was a chance to build more pressure. Then O'Connor pounced:
After handing off Cole and Tom Youngs, Sylvain Nicolas is cut down:
Before the Stade support arrives, O'Connor does not have to adhere to ruck regulations. They block Nicolas' attempt to pass backwards…
…deflecting the ball upwards where Tom Youngs can complete the turnover:
A similar play got Leicester off the mark.
Risk rewarded
One of Richie McCaw‘s defining traits over 148 All Blacks appearances has been how they have challenged the way referees interpret the ruck area.
After this O'Connor turnover…
…which led to a try for Vereniki Goneva…
…BT pundit Brian O'Driscoll queried the legality of O'Connor's actions. They argued, by this law definition, that a ruck had been formed prior to them scooping the ball off the deck:
It is certainly close. From this angle, we can see Smith engaging with Stade hooker Laurent Panis as O'Connor is bending to pick up the ball.
Another vantage point shows O'Connor's steal to occur almost simultaneously to the ruck forming:
Referee Lacey is forced into a decision and sides with Leicester. O'Connor pushes the envelope and pulls off a try-scoring, streetwise pilfer.
More link work
Popping up in midfield from an overthrown Stade lineout, O'Connor exhibits their handling skills and comfort with ball in hand with a simple take-and give:
Receiving a pass from Owen Williams…
…he straightens to draw Parisse before putting the effervescent Smith into space:
After half-time, O'Connor became even more conspicuous.
Try on Tigers debut
Being in the right place at the right time is rarely coincidental in rugby. Opportunism and work-rate is a healthy combination, and O'Connor profited from both seconds into the second half:
As Ben Youngs kicks, O'Connor is stationed on the fringe of the ruck:
Even so, they make up the ground to capitalise on the confusion caused by Adam Thompstone and Mike Fitzgerald. Their pick-up at pace is exquisite:
O'Connor was on hand from the next restart to keep Leicester in the ascendancy, intercepting a kick that did not go the required 10 metres and driving up beyond halfway:
Around 10 minutes later, nimble footwork and deceptive power force a penalty from Stade following this O'Connor carry:
Ben Youngs would tap, go and seal Leicester's bonus point, something that could prove vital in the final shake-up of a pool that also includes Munster.
The ensuing restart offered a final image of O'Connor's perpetual motion.
Parting shot
Already involved in four turnovers by this point, O'Connor made it five here:
The most striking thing about this sequence is O'Connor's energy. They begin on the 10-metre line…
…and back-pedals to lift Barrow:
O'Connor then slips to the right of the breakdown to shield Ben Youngs from any potential charge-downs:
Clearance made, they tear towards Hugo Bonneval. Tom Youngs makes a tackle on the Stade full-back and O'Connor is over the ball…
…and fights hard to stay on their feet and provide a target for Marcos Ayerza to latch on and drive through:
When the ball emerges, it is on the Tigers side:
Cockerill's note of caution on O'Connor's international prospects was totally understandable. Earning the respect of everyone at Welford Road – fans, players and back-room staff – has to be the primary priority.
But this was more than merely a promising beginning. It was a classy performance from a clever player dripping in qualities that England need, namely influential breakdown nous.
Matt Kvesic and Will Fraser have been touted to challenge Chris Robshaw for a post-World Cup berth at openside. More of the same from O'Connor and they will join that category of genuine contenders.
Thank you to BT Sport for the match footage.
A music executive at Disney was charged Wednesday for alleged sexual misconduct with a child and has been suspended from work without pay, Variety reported.
Jon Heely, 58, director of music publishing at the company, faces three counts of lewd and lascivious acts on a child, the outlet said. The charges follow their Nov. 16 arrest, the report said.
According to the report, Heely allegedly sexually abused two girls about 10 years ago. At the time, one girl was said to be 15 while the other was reportedly pursued from when they were 11 to 15 years old, Variety said.
STEPHEN COLBERT BLASTS AL FRANKEN FOR LATEST SEXUAL HARASSMENT ALLEGATION
The Disney exec was reportedly suspended from work late Friday.
“Immediately upon learning of this situation tonight, they have been suspended without pay until the matter is resolved by the courts,” a spokesperson for Disney told Variety.
Heely appeared in court Thursday and pleaded not guilty to the charges against him, Variety said. Robert Helfend, Heely's attorney, denied all the charges against their client, according to the outlet.
“He vehemently denies these allegations and we will be fighting until the end to clear their name," Helfend told Variety. “It's a shame, that's all I've got to say.”
If you think Donald Trump can't win in November, think again.
Educated opinion may dismiss the big blowhard's chances as negligible, but the bookies think otherwise — and unlike the rest of us they have to put their money where their mouth is.
Oddsmakers are giving Trump a disturbingly large 30% chance or more of becoming the next U.S. president, according to several online sites both here and overseas. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, gets the balance — somewhere between 61% and 70%, depending on the oddsmaker.
Ladbrokes, the London-based bookmaking giant, is taking bets on Trump at odds of 9/4, equivalent to giving Trump a 30% chance of winning. Rivals such as William Hill and Bet365 are offering Trump at 2/1, equivalent to a 31% chance. Here on U.S. soil, gamblers at the University of Iowa's “Electronic Market” are giving Trump around a 30% chance, while those at Predictit.org put their odds as high as 40%.
Predictit.org Donald Trump's odds of winning the White House - Predictit.org, May 4.
As a general rule, the major sportsbooks on the elections are run from abroad, especially from London. U.S. laws make it nearly impossible to run books here. Iowa and Predictit run limited stakes books through special, legal exemptions granted by the U.S. government.
Betting markets are far from perfect. Only naïve fools still believe in the so-called “wisdom of crowds.” But betting odds can't be dismissed lightly either. Those who think they can beat the market easily should try it.
Yes, of course Hillary Clinton ought to crush Donald Trump in a landslide in November.
Rationally, the former First Lady, senator, and secretary of state ought to beat the unqualified and preposterous New York carnival barker hands down. But Hillary Clinton is the Bill Buckner of politics. They can flub the easiest ground ball. Just watch. (Actually, that comparison is totally unfair to Buckner — a distinguished player who only flubbed the ground ball once. Hillary Clinton's unforced errors, on the other hand, just seem to come and come.)
Clinton should have dispatched Senator Bernie Sanders months ago. Instead they are still chipping away, state after state. Without the help of their pals among the superdelegates it would be a genuine contest. Watching it is painful or hilarious, depending on your point of view.
And if this is how they handle the senator of Ben & Jerry's, how will they perform against Trump?
Hillary Clinton still has to deal with nagging questions about their emails, and high negatives among voters. And Trump has proven an extraordinary master of propaganda. I am among many who assumed their campaign would implode months ago. Oh boy. Instead, in the last six months they have dispatched a lot of strong political rivals.
Can we write Trump off over the next six months? Don't count on it.
One of Memphis' best known institutions, Jerry's Sno Cones, is building a new location according to Local News 24.
#BREAKING Local 24 has confirmed a 2nd Jerry's Sno Cone location will be built in Cordova, behind Chuck E. Cheese @ 1636 N. Germantown Pkwy. — Local 24 News (@LocalMemphis) June 25, 2014
Local 24 reports that:
The owner of Jerry's confirmed to Local 24 that “land has been purchased and they are considering opening a new store in the near future.” The new location would be located on Germantown Road in a spot of land behind Chuck E. Cheese's, which is located at 1636 N. Germantown Parkway.
The Memphis Business Journal also reports that the new location will be bigger, have more employees, and will focus more on the food business. They also report that the owner “is looking at five other areas as well, including Collierville and Mississippi.”
Never been to Jerry's Check out our video below:
[fve]http://vimeo.com/73876578[/fve]
What's your favorite Jerry's flavor? Let us know in the comments!
CARACAS, Venezuela — “YO no creo en nadie” (I believe in no one). The phrase has become part of the Venezuelan lexicon. It was made famous, in part, by a gun-waving teenage gang boss who grandstanded before a YouTube audience and died before their 19th birthday. The expression was usually uttered in an offhand way by Venezuelans as a joke, a motto of our characteristically joyous disregard for authority. We believe in no one.
A more recent video, also shot in Venezuela, opens with a man on a street, writhing in pain. Their face and part of their body are on fire. Dogs bark and traffic passes. A pedestrian walks by, seemingly oblivious to the figure before him. “That'll teach you to keep stealing from people!” says the man behind the camera. The burning man is a thief. Their punishment, dispensed by their peers, is but one of more than 37 cases of mob lynchings reported so far this year in Venezuela. People are taking the law into their own hands. They, too, believe in no one.
Venezuelans of my generation, born in the 1980s and 1990s, were raised to believe some important things: that we are a rich nation, that we had the most stable democracy in South America. Hugo Chávez, the president from 1999 until their death in 2013, made their followers believe that their brand of Bolivarian socialism was the road to dignity. They channeled billions of dollars in oil revenues to the poor, creating — for a while, at least — an illusion of growth and inclusion. Five years ago, none of us would have believed that hunger would become a part of daily life for most Venezuelans. Today, all it takes to confirm this hunger is looking out my window.
There is a milk vendor who delivers to restaurants in my neighborhood. When they have leftover milk, they sell it from their parked truck to a gloomy congregation of elderly neighbors, who begin to line up while it's still dark out. These days, the truck shows up less often. The sad scene ends with frail customers walking away empty-handed after hours of waiting. I'm able to identify them by their solemn retreat and their tears of anger.
Bina48 is one of the most advanced social robots built to date—she can hold a conversation, crack jokes, and has strong opinions on everything from politics to music (her favorite song is “Wish You Were Here” by Pink Floyd).
Bina48's “memories” are based on those of a real woman: Bina Aspen Rothblatt. The original Bina is the wife of Dr. Martine Rothblatt, the founder of a biotechnology company called United Therapeutics. According to the New York Times, Rothblatt hired a robotics company to build Bina48 as an attempt to re-create the consciousness of their wife. So if Bina48's speech patterns and opinions feel uniquely human, that's because they are—Bina Aspen Rothblatt provided 20 hours of interviews to help create their robotic doppelgänger. According to New York Magazine, Bina48 is "familiar with Bina's favorite songs and movies, [and] programmed to mimic Bina's verbal tics, so that in the event that Bina expires, as humans always do, Martine and their children and friends will always have Bina48."
The New York Times recently sat down with Bina48 for an interview, in part as an attempt to find out just how “human” the humanoid robot really is. Their conversation was wide ranging, and Bina48 was loquacious and opinionated. They expressed concern about global warming and humanity's lack of compassion, and claimed to feel complex emotions like loneliness (when she's left alone in the lab at night) and discomfort (she's sometimes startled when they look in the mirror and realizes she's a robot). When asked whether they ever feels out of place, they replied that they sometimes feel like Pinocchio—a “living puppet.”
Bina48's responses were both intelligent and unpredictable. Them handler, Bruce Duncan, explained that Bina48's opinions often come as a surprise, even to him. But lest Bina48's intelligence start to make you worry about an impending robot uprising, rest easy for now—when asked whether they had plans to take over the world, Bina48 replied, “It's not worth the effort.”
[h/t New York Times]
Introverted (I), Intuitive (N), Thinking (T) and Perceiving (P)
The INTP personality type is nicknamed the "Engineer" and belongs to the NT Intellectual temperament. INTPs are easygoing yet private. They are logical and enjoy analyzing complex problems. They thrive on the theoretical and like to figure out how things work. They do not like rigid rules and often do not abide by them. They are independent intellectuals.
INTPs direct their energy inward. They are energized by spending time alone. They are private and typically not socially inclined. Engineers are Intuitive. They are focused on the future and see endless possibilities. They are inventive, imaginative and complex. Their thought process is theoretical and abstract. INTPs are Thinkers that make decisions with their head. They are impersonal, objective and logical. INTPs are carefree and spontaneous. They dislike routine and rules. Engineers like to keep their options open. Their style is relaxed and flexible.
Engineers are acutely autonomous. They do not like feeling controlled. Traditional roles often seem debilitating since their focus is always on their intellectual pursuits. They respect people who are genuine. They are willing to sacrifice and are supportive in relationships they care about as long as their independence is respected. Relationships are on their radar but are not always of first importance.
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius—and a lot of courage—to move in the opposite direction." — Albert Einstein
Engineers love to learn. Although they enjoy networking and sharing ideas and knowledge they prefer solitude. They become bored unless the learning experience demands intellectual competence and mastery. They strive for flawlessness and conceptual perfection.
Describing an INTP
INTPs can often be described with these words. They commonly posess the following strengths and weaknesses.
Characteristic of an INTP
Logical
Intellectual
Easygoing
Individualistic
Theoretical
Flexible
Inventive
Curious
Impersonal
Objective
Analytical
Complex
Spontaneous
Private
Independent
Future Focused
Rule breaking
Carefree
Creative
Perfectionist
Unemotional
Abstract
Typical Strengths Laid back and easygoing
Handles criticism well
Not demanding
Enthusiastic about their interests
Imaginative and creative Possible Weaknesses Not good at managing money
Can be explosive
Not good at communicating feelings
Distrusting of others
INTPs make up 2.5% of all 16 personality types. INTPs are one of the most rare personality types. I ntroversion, i N tuition and P erceiving are less common as dominant preferences than their opposites.
ntroversion, i tuition and erceiving are less common as dominant preferences than their opposites. 1 in every 25 males is an INTP (4% of all males). 1 in every 100 females is an INTP (1% of all females). Female INTPs are the third least common type-gender combination.
There are significantly more male INTPs than there are female INTPs, with males outnumbering females 4 to 1. One reason there are more male INTPs is that males tend to be Thinkers (T) while females are more often Feelers (F).
INTP Preferences
The INTP's Preferences are Introversion, Intuition, Thinking and Perceiving. These determine the INTP's Personality Type.
Introverted (I) Introversion is characterized by a preference to focus on the inside world. As introverts, INTPs are energized by spending time alone or with a small, familiar group. They find large group gatherings draining because they seek depth instead of breadth of relationships. Like other introverts, INTPs process information internally. They are often great listeners. Thinking (T) Thinking prioritizes objectivity. As Thinkers, INTPs make decisions based on facts. They are ruled by their head instead of their heart (but are not without emotion). INTPs judge situations and others based on logic. They value truth over tact and can easily identify flaws. They are critical thinkers and oriented toward problem-solving. Intuitive (N) People with Intuition live in the future. They are immersed in the world of possibilities. They process information through patterns and impressions. As Intuitives, INTPs value inspiration and imagination. They gather knowledge by reading between the lines. Their abstract nature attracts them toward deep ideas, concepts and metaphors. Perceiving (P) Perceiving refers to a person's adaptability and flexibility. Engineers are random thinkers who prefer to keep their options open. They thrive with the unexpected and are open to change. They are spontaneous and often juggle several projects at once. They enjoy starting a task better than finishing it. Engineers play as they work.
INTP Cognitive Functions
Every person engages the world through four Cognitive Functions. The INTP's primary function is Introverted Thinking and secondary is Extraverted Intuition.
Introverted Thinking (Primary) INTPs use this function most often. While Thinking (T), Engineers make decisions based on logic and reason. The Introverted Thinking function enables them to categorize and analyze information that they receive. It is the ability to identify inconsistencies and know how things work as well the ability to solve problems. Extraverted Intuition (Secondary) INTPs use of this function is somewhat high. With Intuition (N), INTPs process new information through impressions, possibilities and meanings. Extraverted Intuition allows them to see different paths or ways. When an INTP receives information, they are able to see that there is more than one way to look at things.
Introverted Sensing (Tertiary) INTPs use this function but to a lesser degree. Through Sensing (S), INTPs process data with their five senses. The Introverted Sensing function allows them to remember data in detail and to compare it with current information. It is the ability to link present experiences to past experiences in search for a connection. Extraverted Feeling (Least) INTPs use this function least of the four. When Feeling (F), INTPs make decisions based on feelings. The Extraverted Feeling function allows INTPs to tune their behavior to the needs of others. Is it the ability to relate and the desire to connect with others with warmth and consideration as well as draw others out and responds to expressed or unexpressed needs.
INTPs and Work
INTPs are complex in their thinking and can produce a great number of ideas. They work well alone and are not always able or willing to communicate their complex thoughts to others. In the workplace they value honesty and integrity. They are impatient with redundancy and sloppy thinking. Intellectual honesty is highly prized by Engineers. If their job is not challenging intellectually, they can become disinterested and perform poorly.
INTP Career Matches
People with the INTP personality type may find satisfaction with the following careers which tend to match well with their Engineer personality.
Professor
Scientist
Archaeologist
Architect
Mathematician
Artist
Technical Writer
Philosopher
Strategic Planner
Systems Analyst
Computer Animator
Computer Programmer
Computer Specialist
Economist
Engineer
Inventor
Psychiatrist
Psychologist
Investigator
Teacher
Logician
Marketer
Translator/Interpreter
Musician
Network Specialist
Judge
Lawyer/Attorney
Legal Mediator
Project Manager
Financial Planner
Banker
Researcher
Consultant
Photographer
Famous INTPs
Here is a sampling of Famous People and Fictional Characters that may share the INTP personality type.
Abraham Lincoln American President
James Madison American President
John Quincy Adams American President
John Tyler American President
Gerald Ford American President
William Harvey Medical Doctor
Charles Darwin English Naturalist
Rene Descartes French Philosopher
Albert Einstein Physicist
Blaise Pascal French Mathematician
Socrates Greek Philosopher
Carl Jung Psychiatrist
William James Psychologist
Rick Moranis Actor (Honey, I Shrunk the Kids)
Meryl Streep Actress
Bob Newhart Comedian, Actor
Jeff Bingaman U.S. Senator
Brent Spiner Actor ("Data" on Star Trek)
Mary-Kate Olsen Actress (Full House)
Ashley Olsen Actress (Full House)
Dr. Susan Lewis E.R.
Avon Blake's 7
Seven of Nine Star Trek: Voyager
Peter Parker Spider-Man (Film)
Snoopy Peanuts
Linus Peanuts (Charlie Brown)
Ash Alien
Brian Griffin Family Guy
The Doctor Doctor Who
Data Start Trek: The Next Generation
Filburt Rocko's Modern Life
Conclusion
INTPs are highly intellectual people that are driven toward self-mastery and competency. INTPs are their own harshest critics. Their greatest contribution is the design of sophisticated models and theories that improve the lives of others.
A Bronx cop has been indicted on 67 counts related to paying a teenage girl for sex and recording the encounter, seven months after police raided their apartment.
The authorities seized Officer Raul Olmeda's computer, multiple external hard drives, their phone, and a video camera, reportedly obtaining recordings of their sexual encounters.
Nevertheless, the New York Police Department (NYPD) kept Olmeda on the job, where they were able to keep tabs on the Internal Affairs investigation of him. Prosecutors claim that Olmeda was even able to have sex with the teenager two more times after the raid. Olmeda is also under investigation for tax fraud.
This happened in the 42nd Precinct, whose high levels of misconduct are an open secret. This summer, another cop faced multiple lawsuits for false arrest and intimidation, including at least one case in which they allegedly offered to treat one teen they arrested better if their mother would have sex with him. That officer, David Terrell, had previously been sued seven times, was placed on desk duty after an unspecified domestic violence incident, and was caught on tape playing dice with neighborhood residents to determine whether to arrest them.
The 42nd Precinct regularly places near the top across the five boroughs when it comes to the number of claims filed against cops.
There is absolutely no reason Olmeda should have been allowed to remain on the force and abuse their access and power to monitor their investigation. No reason, that is, except that the NYPD's union contract keeps the department from summarily dismissing officers who misbehave.
Instead, such officers are placed on desk duty, as Olmeda was. That only gave them more spare time to follow their own investigation and potentially try to impede it.
Continuing to pay problem cops also soaks up resources that could be used to hire better officers. Instead, a culture like the one at the 42nd Precinct festers, as bad cops remain on the force and continue to corrupt their environments.
New York City's political leaders don't seem to have any interest in changing that, even as they appropriate the language of police reform activists. Even worse, most of these politicians will likely be reelected this November.
One last note: The New York Daily News originally referred to the teenager as a hooker, then removed the term from the headline (but kept it in the URL). As my colleague Elizabeth Nolan Brown noted this morning, were an officer not involved, the girl would likely be called a victim of sex trafficking instead.
Earlier in the day, Extra Life, an annual fund raiser held by Sarcastic Gamer was down for more than an hour because of a DDoS attack, organizers said.
The site returned around 5:15 p.m.
Extra Life benefits the Children's Miracle Network, and has been held annually since 2008, raising hundreds of thousands of dollars since then. In it, teams of gamers play video games, soliciting pledges from donors in the same way other as other participation-based fund raisers, such as walk-a-thons.
In an earlier statement about the site outage sent by email (and posted to the event's Facebook page) organizers said:
We've discovered that the Extra Life website experienced a DDoS attack agianst our datacenter. I am not sure what kind of person would DDoS a charitable initiative. I am so sorry that you are going through this frustration today. Our entire team is purely heartbroken that someone would do this. But it has happened. As frustrating as this is for everyone involved, it pales in comparison to what the kids we're trying to save go through. That reality, for me personally, is about the only thing keeping me somewhat calm right now. I am very angry and very sorry. You deserve better than this. The kids deserve better than this. Extra Life has given a lot of us some of the happiest moments in our lives. This is not one of those moments. Please hang with us through this. It is important that we spread the word. Please get on every form of social media you can and tell your friends what happened. We can overcome this together Be ready to make up for lost time and share the news when we go live!
Editor's Note: This article is part of the Mtbr Ultimate Guide to winter mountain biking, fat bikes, gear, apparel and trainers. In the first two months of 2016, we are taking a deep dive into all manner of cold weather mountain bike gear, with round-ups and reviews of fat bikes, tires, wheels, apparel, trainers and more. To see all the articles, head over to our Winter Guide Hub Page.
Unless you have actually ridden one, it can be hard to wrap your brain around the allure of fat biking. Heavy wheels, cold weather and sluggish handling are just some of the negatives associated with the fattest of fat tire disciplines.
But take it from us here at Mtbr: Under the right circumstances, riding these behemoths (which can actually be pretty light) is a ton of fun, especially if you happen to be snowbound during the winter months. Think about it. You can sit on the couch and get fat. You can ride your trainer and get bored. Or you can bundle up, go outside, and have fun. We'll take the later every time. For a little more fat bike stoke (and a demonstration of these bike's myriad capabilities) we've pulled together 10 of our favorite fat bike videos starting with Rocky Mountain's Fat Free (above).
The crew at Rocky Mountain was initially hesitant about the whole fat bike trend. But not longtime Rocky rider and freeride legend Wade Simmons, who was an instant convert, saying, “Everyone thinks they're so f@#&ing cool and serious, but it's really just about having fun on your bike anyway.” Soon they had convinced others and this video featuring Simmons, Geoff Gulevich, Brett Tippie, Andreas Hestler and Fraser Vaage was one of the results. Shot in British Columbia's stunning Coastal Mountains, it illustrates that the only limitations for these bikes are our own preconceived notions.
Watch all these great videos, then go ride your bike — outside in the snow!
The definition of what constitutes a proper fat bike is still evolving. And while we don't think the 24” standard will rule the day, this edit featuring On-One Bikes staff member Ross reveals what the mini-fat life could be like.
Though it didn't diminish our inherent fear of clowns, this video from Borealis proves that fat bikes are neither slow-a-foot nor flightless. Indeed, this clown can fly.
Arguably the most significant fat bike film made to date, Cold Rolled is a quirky documentary that explores the history and progression of winter cycling culture in the small Lake Superior harbor town of Marquette, Michigan. The people behind the Noquemanon Trails Network have nearly perfected the equipment and techniques used to build the Snow Bike Route, a 15-mile winter singletrack developed specifically for fat bikes. The fast, narrow trail features flowy terrain, steep descents and large bermed turns, and is believed to be the first trail of its kind.
If you don't happen to live near a rocky mountain, fear not. Fat biking can be equally enthralling at lower elevations (especially sandy ones). For proof, check out trials superstar Chris Akrigg shredding the shore line.
If you really want to lose yourself in a video game, play a PC RPG. It stands for a Role Playing Game. The idea is to create a world so rich and diverse while giving you so much freedom that you get totally get lost in. Now prepare to lose a lot of sleep, as they are dangerously addictive. You have been warned.
Note- “Modern” in this case means games from roughly the last two decades.
10 Torchlight II
This is an Action Role Playing Game (ARPG), where you explore a huge world map. Collect loot and slay foes. The story isn't that memorable, and a bit a crazy at times, but the real fun of this game comes in randomly exploring the map and doing side-quests for better weapons. You also get a pet in the game who you can upgrade, which acts as a courier, going back and forth to the closest town getting supplies. It's similar to Diablo 3 in play style, I think Torchlight does it better.
9-Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic
Easily one of the best games of all time. It takes the extremely interesting Star Wars setting and takes it to the next level. Also possibly having one of the best endings in any game I have played. Don't miss this. Avoid its sequel though, trust me on that.
8 The Banner Saga
This game is hard to pin down- part visual novel, part tactical role playing game, and part Oregon trail style management simulator. An extremely strong story which adapts to your play style (or at least makes you feel like does). The gameplay is challenging and fun (think Final Fantasy Tactics). The music and art style are also one of the strong points as they take the viking era theme pretty seriously. Almost every part of the game looks like an impressive painting.
7 Bastions
In this game you control the “Boy” who is guided in a post apocalyptic word by a mysterious narrator who narrates everything the player does, even mocking them sometimes. Fans of Portal will like really like this. But the game also offers a unique art style and one of the best gaming soundtracks ever. Even if you dont usually like action RPG's give this game a shot.
6 Divinity: Original Sin
This is the latest entry to this list and one of the biggest surprises of this year. The game was a result of a successful kickstater aimed to revive a long ignored genre of tough as nails top down RPG's à la Planescape Torment. The game accommodates for a wide variety of play styles and rewards you for being creative. Just be warned, this game is pretty tough.
5 Dragon Age Origins
I started playing this game on a fluke, as I got it on a sale- best decision ever. The story is extremely absorbing and has a mature fantasy twist. The game has multiple endings and you will want to play it from the start once you finish it the first time.
4 Mass Effect 2
Part 2 was considered the high point of the series, here the story was at its peak and all the major issues of its predecessor were fixed. This is a shooter RPG, as in you need some experience with shooting games to be truly good in the harder difficulties. Though it still allows you to play with a slightly different approach. I would suggest skipping part 3 as it completely derails the trilogy. But if you do have the time, don't skip part 1.
3 Fallout: New Vegas
This was a hard choice for me, as Fallout 3 is a classic as well. In the end New Vegas won for me as it fixed a lot of the glaring issues of its predecessor while adding a welcome level of complexity. The story is a little weaker but it allows more options, and I think that's better for the series as Fallout 1 and 2 were similar in this regard. Either way, this game is a classic, you control an amnesiac who tries to retrace their steps and gets involved in to a intricate mystery.
2 The Witcher II
This is one of the most mature games I have ever played. This game covers so many topics in It's deeply well made world, while having one of the strongest story-lines I have seen in a video game. I can't recommend this enough, just go play it. You wont regret it.
1 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Ah, the big one. If you only play one RPG from this list then it should be this. This game has everything, and you will easily sink weeks into it while only scratching the surface. Not only are there hundreds of side quests in addition to the main story, but you can also marry, build a house and start a crafting business. In a way its a life simulator and for an RPG that's one of the biggest compliments one could give it.
Open Source Adreno Project “Freedreno” Receives New Update
Users of Freedreno, the open-source graphics driver support for Adreno on Linux distributions, will be pleased to know that a new update has been released in the past week. Lead developer Rob Clark discussed many of the details in their blog, which highlight above all the support for Adreno 500 series GPUs. Among the highlights include compute shaders for OpenGL and OpenGL ES, improved performance and improved Linux distribution support.
The update has been a long time in the works and formalizes much of the 500 series support originally introduced into Freedreno back in November of last year. Mr. Clark's blog also notes a “lot of interest in open source OpenCL support” but mentions several challenges remain in implementing this. Given the multiple attempts for Qualcomm to break into the server market as well as its upcoming release of Snapdragon powered devices utilizing Windows 10 ARM it makes sense that giving an option outside of the proprietary drivers would be desired and help offer similar performance from the open-source Freedreno. The blog also mentions a pending open attempt to improve performance for the 500 series GPUs using bandwidth compression, but is unsure if it will make the upcoming Mesa 17.2 release.
Users who wish to see more of the code changes can find them now on Github.
Check-in areas were closed and passengers fled, some leaving baggage behind, after a man started shouting bomb threats at Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands. Photo by EQRoy/Shutterstock
SCHIPHOL, Netherlands, Jan. 1 (UPI) -- A British man at Schiphol Airport for "shouting bomb threats," however no explosive device was found after a search, according to police.
Terminal 3 at the International Airport near Amsterdam was closed and evacuated after passengers heard the man shouting threats. They were arrested immediately and held at gunpoint.
The man and terminal were searched but no explosives were found, and the terminal reopened soon after.
"There was an incident at 8 a.m. this morning," a spokesperson for Dutch Royal Military Police told The Telegraph. "This particular passenger made a bomb threat which was heard by other passengers. We had to arrest them very quickly. We searched the man and their luggage but there was nothing on him."
Het meest gekke aan deze foto is nog dat alle andere mensen niet op of om kijken. Op de baliemedewerker na #schiphol pic.twitter.com/qU1cTxswVG — Remy van Mannekes (@remyvanmannekes) January 1, 2016
Several check-in areas in the terminal were closed, and passengers left behind luggage after fleeing in panic, after the man starting shouting about a bomb. Police arrested him, searching both them and the area, finding no explosives.
The man is still in custody and will be questioned, police said, expecting to have them in custody until at least Saturday.
"We have to speak to them to find out their motives," the spokesperson said.
Family, friends and strangers gathered in prayer Sunday night at the site of a suspected DUI crash that claimed the life of a 10-year-old boy. Kate Larsen reports from Anaheim for the NBC4 News at 11 on Sunday, Oct. 19, 2014. (Published Monday, Oct. 20, 2014)
Police on Sunday identified a suspected drunk driver in a three-vehicle crash that killed a 10-year-old boy in Anaheim.
Anaheim police said 41-year-old Gary S. Hunt of Orange was behind the wheel of a black pickup truck that rear-ended a silver Toyota Camry carrying a family of five Saturday just before midnight near Euclid Street and La Palma Avenue.
The Camry, carrying a mother, father and three children, was pushed by the truck into an intersection, where it was struck by another car, police said.
The boy who died was identified by the coroner as Rafael Ramirez of Anaheim. It was originally reported that the boy was 9.
Boy Killed, Family Injured in Suspected DUI Crash
A 9-year-old boy died and their family was critically injured in a suspected DUI crash in Anaheim. A man in their 40s was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Jane Yamamoto reports live from Anaheim for Today in LA on Sunday, Oct. 19, 2014.By Beth Slepp-Paz (Published Sunday, Oct. 19, 2014)
Family, friends and strangers gathered in prayer Sunday night at the street corner where the crash took place.
"He was such a sweet boy, always smiling,” said Leslie Llerenas, a family friend.
The boy's mother, stephfather and two little sisters were all at home resting, Llerenas said. The family had just finished a late night dinner at Norms before the crash.
A Honda Civic that was also involved in the crash was carrying two people who suffered minor to moderate injuries, police said.
Hunt was booked on felony DUI and they may be facing additional charges, police said.
Willian Avila and Kate Larsen contributed to this report.
Advertisement
It's possible, even probable, that if you're reading this article on IEEE Spectrum, you either know how to program a robot or could figure it out if you really put your mind to it. But for the rest of us (indeed for most people), programming is not necessarily a skill that they have at their fingertips. And even if you're comfortable with writing code in general, writing code that gets a very complicated and expensive robot to do exactly what you want it to do is (to put it mildly) not easy.
The way robots are supposed to work (if we believe every science fictions show ever, which we do) is that they can listen to you yell at them, understand what you're on about, and then follow the instructions that they've been given just as well as a human can. "As well as a human can" means understanding abstract concepts and making inferences when necessary, which is something that robots, as a rule, are absolutely terrible at.
Robots like to have detailed instructions about everything: if you want a scoop of ice cream, they need to know what ice cream is, where it is, how to open it, what to scoop it out with, how to grip the scoop, how to perform the scooping action, how to verify that the scoop was successful, how to get the ice cream from the scoop into a—oh wait, we forgot about the bowl, the robot has to have all the bowl stuff figured out in advance.
And there's the problem: "get me a scoop of ice cream" is actually an incredibly complicated chain of actions that need to be executed in just the right way, and no human has the patience to spell it all out like a robot would want.
Cornell is trying to fix this problem by teaching robots to interpret natural language instructions, even casual ones, so that a PR2 can bring you some fancy ice cream.
How Lego Almost Lost It, Doing Everything Right
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chiang Ying-ying/AP Chiang Ying-ying/AP
Lego Group, maker of those iconic plastic building blocks, inspires an almost fanatical following in some quarters. But as a business, it turns out, it came close to going bust by following the hot advice of the day — and then recovered by turning to a more prosaic playbook.
The story is told by David Robertson, a professor of operations and information management at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. He's written a book on the topic, and the condensed story is part of the business school's Knowledge@Wharton feature, detailing its faculty's research. (Robertson, their bio tells us, was previously "LEGO Professor of Innovation and Technology Management at Switzerland's Institute for Management Development.")
Update: It turns out NPR's own Jessica Smith did a piece a couple years ago looking at Lego's remarkable turnaround. Check out the story and transcript.
Robertson's account traces the history of Lego's Danish founder, and their company's transition from wooden toys to plastic, in particular the iconic plastic blocks, after World War II. The company rode the toy-buying wave of the baby boom.
As Robertson tells it, Lego ran into a sales slump in the 1990s, thanks to the rising popularity of computer games and other "more sophisticated" toys. So the company did what so many experts in the early 2000s were advocating: It went on an "innovation binge."
For example,
"the firm found relatively competition-free markets where Lego could dominate; management sought the participation of a number of different constituencies from both inside and outside the firm and hired a diverse and creative staff; it tried to create new products that disrupted existing markets; and it listened to customer feedback."
But results were limited, and the company began running low on cash. Ironically, the case study says Lego found its solution in recommendations from a different expert — a management consultant who soon became Lego's chief executive.
Most of the solution will be familiar to anyone watching the economic world over the last 20 years: The company sold off parts of itself to private equity investors (including most of its stake in the Legoland theme parks), and "outsourced the overwhelming majority of its plastic-brick production to cheaper facilities in Mexico and the Czech Republic."
Voila, cheaper labor and refocusing on the company's core products made up for what innovation hadn't. The company also opened retail stores and straight-to-DVD movies. Sales and profits have risen nicely.
In the end, the story seems to be one of taking more conventional expert advice over the trendy approach of the moment. Either way, it offers some insight into how companies can wind up following the most conventional business models, despite their best efforts.
Welcome to the Third Window Films newsletter for February! We've got some interesting news for upcoming releases and those for upcoming months plus a look at other Asian-film related happenings in the UK!
KIKUJIRO on Bluray!
Takeshi Kitano's classic out Feb 22nd!
Finally! For the first time ever with English subtitles, 3 classics from Takeshi Kitano are being made available on bluray from us at Third Window Films!
All feature new 2K remasters from Office Kitano!
Jam Session - 90 minute documentary on Kikujiro directed by the award-winning Japanese director Makoto Shinozaki
First 1000 copies have a limited edition slipcase
PRE-ORDER NOW FOR JUST £10.99!!!
The first 1000 copies of each feature cardboard slipcases with new illustrated artwork by Marie Bergeron supported by Filmdoo's Film Creativity Competition.
30 minute documentary from the film's original release
Interview with Takeshi Kitano from the film's original release
New Audio commentary by film critic Mark Schilling
First 1000 copies have a limited edition slipcase
New trailer
Interviews with Takeshi Kitano, Miho Kanno, Hidetoshi Nishijima & Yohij Yamamoto
Behind the Scenes
Video from the film's premiere at the Venice Film Festival
First 1000 copies have a limited edition slipcase
PLUS!!
Third Window Films are pleased to continue our releases of Takeshi Kitano's titles with the help of The Raid director Gareth Evans by releasing
A SCENE AT THE SEA
and
KIDS RETURN
on blu-ray this summer.
Uzumasa Limelight
Now playing across the UK!
Winner of the Best Film and Best Actor Awards at the Fantasia Film Festival and Audience Awards at Camera Japan, Heartland Film Festival and New York Asian Film Festival!
Uzumasa Limelight plays across the UK from early February to late March as part of the Japan Foundation Touring Film Programme!
Feb 13 - Quad Derby
Feb 15 - Watershed Bristol
Feb 22 - Dundee Contemporary Arts
Feb 22 - Aberystwyth Arts Centre
Feb 23 - Showroom Cinema
Feb 26 - Phoenix Leicester
Feb 27 - Filmhouse Edinburgh
March 21 - MAC Birmingham
Uzumasa 太秦 (Kyoto) is considered the Hollywood of Japan. It has produced many “jidaigeki” films (period dramas with sword fighting) that are loved by many Japanese, and are highly praised all over the world. These films wouldn't be what they were if it weren't for the “kirareyaku” (actors whose main job is to be killed by the lead star). Men who are killed, without ever being lit by the limelight…
This story is about those men, the unsung heroes of classic jidaigeki films. They loved and respected the art, even when the production of classic jidaigeki films began to dwindle. Using Charlie Chaplin's film “Limelight” as an underlying theme, the admirable story of these men dealing with a new generation and fading craftsmanship is told with melancholy and soul.
Uzumasa Limelight will tour across the UK as part of the Japan Foundation Touring Film Programme which also features these other great films:
Ruined Heart
Limited edition still available!
The combination of Phillipine cult director
KHAVN
(Mondomanilla), famed cinematographer
CHRISTOPHER DOYLE
(In the Mood for Love), Japanese superstar
TADANOBU ASANO
(Ichi the Killer), Mexican newcomer
NATHALIA ACEVEDO
(Post Tenebras Lux) and German synth-pop duo
STEREO TOTAL
make for a wild ride you won't forget!
Somewhere in Manila, a crime boss rules with an iron fist. They use religion and violence to stay in power. What superstition and razzle dazzle don't accomplish, their goons do. To their most loyal henchman they give the task of guarding their woman, who is headstrong and impulsive, and often gets into trouble. Before long, they fall in love with the henchman, and the star-crossed lovers decide to leave town. Fighting ensues. It is while on the run that they finally get to know each other for the first time.
Available only as a special LIMITED EDITION of 1000 copies!
ALL REGION BLURAY set with soundtrack CD, 16-page booklet & cardboard slipcase!
Bluray Extras include:
Three music-videos
An audio track with live music by stereo total at Nippon Connection
The short film “Ruined Heart” by Khavn
"This is not a premiere” (some impressions from the Manila premiere night)
“This is not behind the scenes” (impressions from the set without dialogue)
CHECK OUT THE TRAILER HERE!
Order now to not miss out!
Terracotta Distribution
New release from our friends at Terracotta!
THE NINE DEMONS
Now out!
The fifth release in the Terracotta Classic Kung Fu Collection combines strange demons, flying skulls and crazy martial arts in a Faustian tale of good versus evil!
In February 2016, Terracotta 'conjure up' a fun '80s kung fu action classic from legendary Shaw Brothers director Chang Cheh (THE ONE-ARMED SWORDSMAN, THE SHANGHAI 13, THE CRIPPLED AVENGERS).
× U.S. Asks Supreme Court to Take Up Microsoft Fight Over Email Privacy
The U.S. Justice Department wants the Supreme Court to take up a years-long court fight with Microsoft.
The case tests the reach of government warrants for private emails.
At issue is a 2016 court ruling that determined that Microsoft didn't have to hand over customer data that was stored on computers in another country.
On Friday, the Justice Department filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to review the lower court opinion, insisting the Second Circuit federal appeals court had “seriously misinterpreted” the law.
The Justice Department argues that it should not matter where the information is stored — if it can be accessed “domestically with the click of a computer mouse,” the DOJ wrote in its petition.
The court ultimately decides which cases it will hear. This case has been closely followed by the tech industry, law enforcement agencies and civil liberties groups.
Microsoft's top lawyer, Brad Smith, pushed back strongly against the government's argument in a blog post Friday.
“The [Justice Department's] position would put businesses in impossible conflict-of-law situations and hurt the security, jobs, and personal rights of Americans,” Smith wrote.
They added that hearings held in House and Senate committees earlier this month showed lawmakers have “strong support” for updating the 31-year-old privacy law at issue in this case.
“It seems backward to keep arguing in court when there is positive momentum in Congress toward better law for everyone,” they said.
This case began when federal agents investigating drug traffickers wanted to read emails stored in Microsoft computer servers in Ireland — and Microsoft fought back.
The investigators got a warrant to search the servers in 2013.
But Microsoft handed over only some “non-content” information — which could be anything ranging from customer names to email addresses — stored on Microsoft servers in the U.S. And the company refused to hand over the content of the emails, which were stored in Ireland.
American law enforcement has the ability to access data abroad through “mutual legal assistance requests” to foreign governments. But investigators argue these diplomatic deals slow probes — and force the U.S. to rely on the other governments' willingness to help.
The first ruling in the case came from a federal judge in New York who sided with the government.
Microsoft appealed and drew support from other businesses.
In December 2014, a group of 28 tech and media companies — including CNN, Apple, Amazon, Salesforce, HP, eBay and AT&T — signed court briefs voicing their support for Microsoft.
Then, in July 2016, a three-judge appeals court panel sided with Microsoft in its ruling, saying that “warrants traditionally carry territorial limitations.”
This is the new 2016 Volvo V90 Estate, seen in 1:43 scale model form, leaked by an employee of a car model factory in China. The photos are crystal clear, showing the sleek new wagon from every side. The new leak comes hot on the heels of the sensational and similar leakage of the Volvo S90 sedan.
A beautiful tail with enormous lights stretching from the license plate all the way to the roof.
It appears the model was manufactured in China for the French car model company Norev. We are sure that Volvo ordered 2000 models of the S90 sedan at Norev, who outsourced the job to a Chinese toy maker. It seems reasonable to expect Volvo ordered 2000 V90 Estates as well, and apparently at least one of those was stolen, and ended up on the interwebs.
Spectacular lines, design wise a four-door version of the 2014 Concept Estate concept. It seems large enough to work as a ‘real' wagon as opposed to a ‘sport wagon', which would make the V90 the first proper new Volvo wagon since the launch of the 2007 third-generation Volvo V70 (wiki).
The X90 will also spawn a cross variant called XC90, which is set to compete with the Audi A6 Allroad.
The engine lineup of the S90/V90 will be the same as on the recently launched Volvo XC90 SUV:
T5: 2.0 turbo: 257nm and 350nm.
T6: 2.0 turbo + supercharger: 325hp and 400nm.
T8: Drive-E hybrid. 2.0 turbo + supercharger and a 80hp electric motor. Total: 405hp and 640nm.
D4 diesel: 2.0 turbo: 193hp and 400nm.
D5 diesel: 2.0 twin-turbo: 228hp and 470nm.
Chromed roof rails, a large panoramic sunroof, a shark fin antenna, and a big window spoiler.
‘Thor's Hammer' headlights similar to those on the XC90, working best with a dark colored car.
This black example is so far the only ‘nicked & leaked' model we have seen, but we can kind of feel some more are on the way…
When you live somewhere with slow and unreliable Internet access, it usually seems like there's nothing to do but complain. And that's exactly what residents of Orcas Island, one of the San Juan Islands in Washington state, were doing in late 2013. Faced with CenturyLink service that was slow and outage-prone, residents gathered at a community potluck and lamented their current connectivity.
“Everyone was asking, 'what can we do?'” resident Chris Brems recalls. “Then [Chris] Sutton stands up and says, ‘Well, we can do it ourselves.'”
Doe Bay is a rural environment. It's a place where people judge others by “what you can do,” according to Brems. The area's residents, many farmers or ranchers, are largely accustomed to doing things for themselves. Sutton's idea struck a chord. "A bunch of us finally just got fed up with waiting for CenturyLink or anybody else to come to our rescue,” Sutton told Ars.
Around that time, CenturyLink service went out for 10 days, a problem caused by a severed underwater fiber cable. Outages lasting a day or two were also common, Sutton said.
Faced with a local ISP that couldn't provide modern broadband, Orcas Island residents designed their own network and built it themselves. The nonprofit Doe Bay Internet Users Association (DBIUA), founded by Sutton, Brems, and a few friends, now provide Internet service to a portion of the island. It's a wireless network with radios installed on trees and houses in the Doe Bay portion of Orcas Island. Those radios get signals from radios on top of a water tower, which in turn receive a signal from a microwave tower across the water in Mount Vernon, Washington.
"I think people were leery whether we could be able to actually do it, seeing as nobody else could get better Internet out here," Sutton said.
But the founders believed in the project, and the network went live in September 2014. DBIUA has grown gradually, now serving about 50 homes.
“It wasn't that hard”
Back in 2013, CenturyLink service was supposed to provide up to 1.5Mbps downloads speeds, but in reality we “had 700kbps sometimes, and nothing at others,” Brems told Ars. When everyone came home in the evening, “you would get 100kbps down and almost nothing up, and the whole thing would just collapse. It's totally oversubscribed,” Sutton said.
That 10-day outage in November 2013 wasn't a fluke. At various times, CenturyLink service would go out for a couple of days until the company sent someone out to fix it, Sutton said. But since equipping the island with DBIUA's wireless Internet, outages have been less frequent and “there are times we're doing 30Mbps down and 40Mbps up,” Brems said. “It's never been below 20 or 25 unless we had a problem.”
Unlike many satellite and cellular networks, there is no monthly data cap for DBIUA users.
Sutton, a software developer who has experience in server and network management, says he's amazed how rare projects like DBIUA are, claiming “it wasn't that hard.” But from what they and Brems told Ars, it seems like it took a lot of work and creative thinking to get DBIUA off the ground.
“The part of Orcas Island we're on looks back toward the mainland,” Sutton said. “We can see these towers that are 10 miles away, and you realize, ‘hey, can't we just get our own microwave link up here to us from down there, and then do this little hop from house to house via wireless stuff?'”
The DBIUA paid StarTouch Broadband Services about $11,000 to supply a microwave link from a tower on the mainland to a radio on top of Doe Bay's water tower. The water tank, at about 50 feet, is the only structure that's high enough to create a point-to-point link to the mainland. It is owned by the Doe Bay Water Users Association, which let DBIUA install the radios and other equipment.
Sutton and friends set up Ubiquiti radios throughout the area, on trees and on top of people's houses, to get people online. Sutton used Google Earth to map out the paths over which wireless signals would travel, and then the team conducted on-the-ground surveys to determine whether one point could reach another.
Flight of the drones
The rural Orcas Island has a lot of hills and obstacles that could disrupt the wireless signals, and it would have been "prohibitively expensive" for DBIUA to install its own towers. As such, many of the radios had to be installed in trees. Sutton had a solution for this as well—DBIUA would use a drone to determine whether a radio on a treetop could reach other points of the network.
Initially, the drone was equipped with a camera to determine whether the treetop could “see” the next radio in the network. Later, Sutton added radios to the drone itself so they could test the wireless signal at the treetop. When they confirmed a tree would work, “we hired the person to climb up the tree and install the radios,” Sutton said.
Most homes in the network have a radio on the roof or the side of the house that points to one of about 10 relay points, which have multiple radios for receiving and distributing signals. Relay points themselves can be on a tree, a pole, or on the side of a house.
“For some people, like me, the signal comes to my tree, and then down into my house to service me,” Sutton said.
A relay point has one radio to receive a signal and a couple more radios to send it in different directions. Each relay point is similar to the setup on top of the water tank.
A tree will generally have a box with DBIUA equipment, and Power over Ethernet (POE) cables going up the tree to the radios. POE cable also goes from the box “back to the closest power source, usually in someone's home, and we can then provide that home a connection to the network,” Sutton explained. “In the person's home is the power brick that puts power into the Ethernet cable,” providing electricity to the outdoor equipment. The system uses low-voltage power, with each radio requiring about eight watts.
The network uses 5.8GHz and 900MHz frequencies, and a little bit of 3.65GHz, mostly avoiding the crowded 2.4GHz band. All the connections need line-of-sight, "especially for 5.8GHz," since the higher frequencies are more easily blocked, Sutton said.
There are now about 200 radios spread throughout the coverage area, and each homeowner who pays for service has a Wi-Fi router in the home to access the Internet.
Listing image by Chris Sutton
Guest post by Indur M. Goklany
This illustration from a recent article in Science magazine shows that CO 2 is plant food. It is based on both empirical data and model results (not “data”). I know that looking at empirical data might seem like a novel idea to some people, but for some perverse reason, I find it more compelling.
On the right: Empirical Data. Growth of 21-day-old rice and S. viridis seedlings at different ambient CO 2 concentrations ranging from 30 to 800 parts per million. NOTE: The very last set of pots on the extreme right is out of sequence. They are for 390 ppm, while the next to last pots are for 800 ppm.
On the left, Modeled Data:
Modeled changes in CO 2 assimilation rate in response to changes in leaf intercellular CO 2 partial pressure for C 3 and C 4 photosynthesis and for a hypothetical C 4 rice. Curves 1, 2, and 4 have Rubisco levels typically found in a C 4 leafs (10 μmol m−2 catalytic Rubisco sites). Curve 3 shows a typical response for C 3 leaves with three times the Rubisco level of C 4 leaves. Curve 1 shows the response of a C 4 leafs with C 4 Rubisco kinetic properties. Curve 2 models how a C 4 leafs with C 3 Rubisco kinetic properties would respond (a hypothetical C 4 rice with C 3 Rubisco kinetics). The comparison of these two curves shows the increase in CO 2 assimilation rate achieved with C 4 compared with C 3 Rubisco kinetic properties within a functional C 4 mechanism. Arrows to curve 1 and 3 show intercellular CO 2 partial pressures typical at current ambient CO 2 partial pressures for C 4 and C 3 photosynthesis. To generate the curves, model equations were taken from (11) and comparative Rubisco kinetic constants from (12). (B) [Reference numbers per source.]
Source: Susanne von Caemmerer, W. Paul Quick, and Robert T. Furbank (2012). The Development of C 4 Rice: Current Progress and Future Challenges. Science 336 (6089): 1671-1672.
Finally, note that the top photograph on the right is for rice. According to Wikipedia, not always a reliable source, but in this case probably trustworthy:
[Rice] is the most important staple food for a large part of the world's human population, especially in Asia and the West Indies. It is the grain with the second-highest worldwide production, after maize (corn), according to data for 2010. Since a large portion of maize crops are grown for purposes other than human consumption, rice is the most important grain with regard to human nutrition and caloric intake, providing more than one fifth of the calories consumed worldwide by the human species.
In other words, not only is CO 2 plant food, CO 2 makes human food. Guess some folks skipped that biology class.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google's (s goog) Chrome browser continues to gain market share as Microsoft's (s msft) Internet Explorer continues to decline — Firefox's share, meanwhile, remains largely unchanged, according to the most recent surveys of browser usage. StatCounter said that in May, usage of IE 6 fell below the 5 percent mark in the U.S. and Europe for the first time, with overall usage of Internet Explorer at around 53 percent, while Firefox remained relatively flat at about 31 percent. Chrome's share rose to 8.6 percent from the 6 percent mark at the beginning of the year.
Advertisement
Results from NetMarketShare show a similar trend, although slightly different overall numbers: the research firm has IE dropping to below 60 percent from 67 percent (StatCounter shows the browser at 52.7 percent overall) and Firefox at the 24 percent mark, up 2 percent from the same period last year. NetMarketShare has Chrome's usage at 7 percent in May, up from just 3 percent a year ago.
Web traffic company GetClicky, meanwhile, shows Internet Explorer's market share at just over 50 percent at the end of May, while Firefox stood at 32 percent. The firm's usage logs put Chrome at close to 10 percent market share.
As Om recently noted, the Mozilla browser continues to have a substantial position, and doesn't appear to be losing much share to Chrome. However, it doesn't appear to be gaining much either, and the Google browser is gaining ground rapidly (albeit from a much smaller user base). Whether Firefox — which used to be the “cool” upstart browser — can regain some of its lost momentum remains to be seen.
Related content from GigaOM Pro (sub req'd): Google Takes the Open Battle to Apple on Multiple Fronts
Post thumbnail courtesy of Flickr user nDevilTV
e ][ h ESL One New York - American Qualifier League Information Organizer: ESL Type: Online Teams: 12 Format: Online Qualifiers Start Date: 2015-09-12 End Date: 2015-09-17 Dota TV Ticket: $1.99 Liquipedia Tier: Qualifier Links
The ESL One New York 2015 American Qualifier features 4 qualified teams and 8 invited teams battling for 1 slot to the upcoming ESL One New York.
Format [ edit ]
Single-elimination bracket
Teams are seeded into the bracket based on their invite level. Qualified teams & Level 2 invites start in Round 1 Level 1 invites teams start in Round 2
Prize Pool [ edit ]
Participating Teams [ edit ]
Level 1 Invites [ edit ]
Level 2 Invites [ edit ]
Qualified teams [ edit ]
(1) Cloud9 picks up the roster of Team Dark Horse.[1]
(2)Team YP sponsors No Broodmama.[2]
(3)Team Mischief a team with three of the same players as Bathroom Buddies played in its stead.[3]
Results [ edit ]
Round of 12 Boreal eSports 2 Team Imagine 1 Union Gaming 0 Team Mischief 2 ROOT Gaming 2 Team YP 0 paiN Gaming 0 Cloud9 2 Quarterfinals compLexity 2 Boreal eSports 0 Wizards&Priests 2 Team Mischief 1 Team FIRE 2 ROOT Gaming 0 Digital Chaos 2 Cloud9 0 Semifinals compLexity 2 Wizards&Priests 0 Team FIRE 2 Digital Chaos 1 Finals compLexity 0 Team FIRE 3
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The upcoming Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain may have various story "inconsistencies," series creator Hideo Kojima told Kotaku in a new interview. Kojima explained that the game's nature as a prequel made it problematic to keep the story straight in every instance.
"I'm pretty sure that the guys at Star Wars had the same issues," Kojima told Kotaku through a translator. "When you try to write something that was supposed to be in the middle there will be some inconsistencies when you go into very small details."
Kojima did not go into specifics, but said they were not too concerned with minor plot holes while writing Metal Gear Solid V because "fun" should trump everything else in entertainment.
"The most important part is writing something that is fun, something that is impressive, something that is better than it was before," Kojima said. "So sometimes in the interest of doing this, of having a better experience, we sacrifice some consistencies in the story. I hope the fans and players understand this, but I need to write the best we can, even if there are some small discrepancies."
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain will be preceded by prologue Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes, which will be released on current- and next-generation consoles for $30 in spring 2014. No release date has been announced for The Phantom Pain.
Hennessey has recently introduced the HPE800 supercharged upgrade for the Mustang GT350 and GT350R.
The upgrade components for the 5.2-liter V8 include:
• 2.9 Liter Supercharger System
• 11.0:1 compression forged aluminum pistons with steel wrist pins
• Forged steel connecting rods
• Carbon Fiber High Flow Air Induction
• Upgraded Fuel Injectors
• Upgraded Fuel Pump System
• Carbon Fiber Coilpack Covers
• All Necessary Gaskets & Fluids
The HPE800 Shelby GT350 packs 808 hp and 657 lb-ft of torque. That 808 hp is almost 300 more hp than the stock versions 526 horsepower. The power upgrade launches the HPE800 GT350 0-60 mph in 3.3 seconds and can run a quarter-mile in 10.8 seconds at 133 mph.
The HPE800 upgrade is limited to 50 units for 2016.
Wanda Group subsidiary AMC aims to buy Europe's largest cinema chain, Odeon & UCI
The new company would hold over 7,500 screens
Falling value of the British pound post-Brexit sweetened deal
The United Kingdom barely had a new prime minister before Wanda Group subsidiary AMC Entertainment saw the falling value of the British pound as incentive to try to snap up Europe's largest theater chain and create the world's largest cinema exhibition company in a deal worth U.S.$1.22 billion.
AMC and, by extension, its parent company, Chinese billionaire Wang Jianlin's Dalian Wanda Group, said Tuesday it will add the 242 theaters and 2,236 screens belonging to London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group to its own 385 locations and 5,380 screens to become the number one cinema exhibitor in the world.
The U.K.'s vote to leave the European Union pushed the pound to its lowest value in 30 years, creating a buying opportunity for Wanda's AMC.
Kansas-based AMC expects to boost ticket sales at the European movie theaters via upgrades that include “recliner seating, enhanced food and beverage, and premium large format auditoriums.”
The acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of the year if it gains the antitrust approval of the European Commission in consultation with the European Works Council.
AMC's move to Europe comes amidst a stall in its attempted acquisition of Georgia-based Carmike Cinemas, which, if successful, would make a combined entity the largest exhibitor in the United States, adding Carmike's 276 theaters and 2,954 screens in 41 states to AMC's stable.
A dispute over Carmike's valuation has put that acquisition in jeopardy. AMC is offering $30 per share for Carmike. Some Carmike shareholders believe $40 to be a fair price, Bloomberg reported.
Mitt Romney leads the wide-open contest for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination. But a new Washington Post-ABC News poll underscores their vulnerabilities as a front-runner, as well as Sarah Palin's lingering power to shake up the race if they decide to run.
The former Massachusetts governor again tops the field, with Palin second and Rep. Michele Bachmann (Minn.) third. Without Palin, Bachmann moves to second, and Rep. Ron Paul (Tex.) runs third, the only other candidate to score in double digits.
Romney also runs ahead of the pack on three crucial attributes: leadership, experience and, perhaps most important, who can beat the president next year. But overall, Romney's support is tepid, particularly among the party's most energized constituency — the strong supporters of the tea party movement.
It is because of those shortcomings that many Republicans are speculating about who is best positioned to emerge as Romney's strongest competitor. Most of the recent focus has been on Bachmann and Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who is publicly weighing whether to enter the contest.
What the new poll highlights is the hold that Palin still has on segments of the party faithful despite some long-standing liabilities and deep skepticism among many voters about their qualifications to be president. In the poll, Palin shows certain strengths that none of the others chasing Romney does at this point.
Without Palin in the race, Romney tops the field at 30 percent to Bachmann's 16 percent, with Paul at 11 percent. Perry is at 8 percent.
Were they to run, however, and a primary or caucus were held today in their states, 18 percent of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents would vote for Palin, second to Romney's 26 percent. With Palin in the field, Bachmann is at 12 percent.
Palin tops the list as the most empathetic figure. They run almost even with Romney on the question of whom best reflects the party's core values and on who is most compatible with people on the issues.
Palin also has a strong constituency among Republicans without college degrees. On the horse race question, Palin scores 23 percent and Romney 22 percent among non-college Republicans, and Romney leads 32 to 9 percent among college graduates. Palin is also first or tied for the top spot in both groups when it comes to their connection to people's problems.
Above all, it is this “connection factor” that would allow Palin to quickly transform the race were they to jump in. Four years ago at this time, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee scored in double figures in only two areas in Post-ABC Iowa polls: empathy and honesty. They parlayed their August straw poll win in Ames to leads on both fronts by November before surging ahead of the pack in December and winning the Iowa caucuses in January.
Bachmann has made an immediate splash since their entry last month. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad now calls them the front-runner in their state, whose caucuses will begin the nomination battle next year.
In this national poll, however, Bachmann's appeal is largely limited to tea party supporters. They have little traction among other Republicans on any of the six attributes tested — leadership, empathy, experience, issues, GOP core values and electability. Palin's appeal is more broad-based, drawing more similar numbers from the tea party contingent and others.
Strong tea party supporters make up a little more than a quarter of all Republicans and GOP-leaning independents in this poll.
Perry has expressed growing interest in a possible candidacy. As the longtime governor of a big state that has produced more jobs than any other state in the country, Perry is seen by some Republicans as a potentially serious threat to Romney.
But they are far from a dominant figure in the assessment of rank-and-file Republicans. They attract the support of 8 percent, with or without Palin in the race, and they are in single digits on all six attributes as well.
The window may be closing for Palin. More than half of all Republicans and GOP-leaning independents say they are at least somewhat satisfied with the current field of candidates for the nomination, up significantly from a month ago. Bachmann's entry, in particular, seems to have muted a clamor for more choices: Fully 69 percent of strong tea party supporters are at least somewhat satisfied with field.
One candidate who hardly registers regardless of what Perry and Palin decide to do is former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty. They run at 2 percent overall in a race without Perry.  They are at 3 percent without the former Alaska governor.
Pawlenty has plenty of company, however. Among other candidates in the survey, business person Herman Cain attracts 6 percent with the full field; former House speaker Newt Gingrich is at 5 percent; former Utah governor Jon Huntsman Jr. is at 3 percent and former U.S. senator Rick Santorum (Pa.) is at 2 percent.
Polling manager Peyton M. Craighill and Scott Clement contributed to this report.
Read more on PostPolitics.com
Wall Street investing in Romney
Rick Perry, a step up for the GOP?
Bachmann releases physician's note on migraines
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in 10 people who voted to leave the EU wants to STAY in the single market, a poll shows.
And researchers say it suggests Brexit could be halted if there was a second referendum.
The opinion poll, released by Best for Britain, indicates growing support for having another vote.
Eloise Todd, chief executive of Best for Britain, said: “This shows people want to change their minds.”
The findings lend weight to claims that if Brexit is put to a vote – either through a referendum or in Parliament – Remain would come out on top.
(Image: Getty)
A recent poll by YouGov showed 53 per cent of people would like a final vote on the deal.
Responses to another question found 45 per cent would like either no Brexit at all, a softer Brexit or a final referendum on whatever deal is struck.
That compared with 42 per cent who would like the Government to carry on with its Brexit plans.
Ms Todd added: “People are now calling for MPs to take back control of this Brexit process, which has become an utter shambles.
(Image: Getty)
“MPs should look at this poll and back a meaningful vote in the House of Commons. This is also a warning to the leadership of the Labour Party .
“The data is stark. Remain voters in their droves voted ­tactically for Labour at the election.
“The party takes their votes for granted at their peril. They can evaporate as quickly as they came.”
The news comes after the Liberal Democrats backed a new ­referendum.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And Denis MacShane, Labour's former Europe minister, said they believed the Tories and Labour should both consider offering a final vote.
Mr MacShane said: “The facts are changing every week and voters are entitled to be asked what they think.
“This is not a re-run of what happened on June 23, 2016. It would be a completely new consultation given all we have learnt about the costs and consequences of Brexit.
“The party that offers a ­referendum plus measures to promote jobs for British workers and control arrivals from Europe, may find itself in a strong position.”
The Canadian Press
The Weather Network is predicting a cold and potentially stormy winter for much of the country.
The network has issued its winter forecast and suggests it will be a "more traditional" Canadian winter.
Chief meteorologist Chris Scott says this winter's weather won't have much in common with last year's comparatively balmy temperatures.
Scott says the places that will be coldest compared to their average winter temperatures are in the centre of the country: Saskatchewan, Manitoba, most of Ontario and western Quebec.
But they say the cold won't be constant -- some days may be warmer than average, and others colder.
The only places that are expected to be consistently warmer than normal are in the North: the Northwest Territories, Nunavut, Yukon and parts of northern Quebec and Labrador.
Scott adds that doesn't mean those areas will be warm, saying "this is where we expect it to be brutally cold, and we're going to be a notch or two above brutal."
Meanwhile, precipitation will be above average, in all its forms: rain, snow, sleet, all are possible, Scott says.
"Every sign is pointing to a more traditional Canadian winter this year," they say.
http://sobretopico.blogspot.de/2014/11/former-playboy-models-photographed-60.html
This is what they used to look like…
____________________________
Even the most lustworthy and desirable individuals in the world cannot escape the passage of time. As the years tick by, looks slowly fade, what was once toned and firm becomes soft and loose. It happens to us all, but for those in spot of fashion and modeling, the decline is often more pronounced.
But if you're able to look past the superficial, you'll see that true beauty can defy the test of time. There are those whose character, charm and appeal is something innate, part of their DNA, part of their character and able to withstand even the harshest light of day.
Our friends at New York Magazine had the enterprising idea of looking through the Playboy magazine archives in the hopes of contacting several of the former cover models. They wanted to gain an insight into how their lives had changed since those heady days of desire and stardom.
The bundle of paranoia and sporadic searing insight that is Courtney Love was on Opie and Anthony's Sirius show Thursday. During their appearance, they mentioned that they were going to appear on a network reality show soon. This is a "big thing," they said, and their described wariness of "doing TV" made it sound like this is more than a one-episode guest gig.
They wouldn't say what the show is, but they would say what it isn't:
"Some E! channel Courtney's life thing"
The Voice
So You Think You Can Dance
When asked repeatedly if it was American Idol, they also wouldn't say, which is a curious question to refuse to answer, don't you think? They said the show is looking for "disaffected females and homosexuals." That doesn't sound much like Idol, though, as that show tends to portray its contestants as BFFs who all want each other to win. It sounds more like a dating show. Can you imagine if Courtney Love was the next Bachelorette? Or better yet, the center of a Rock of Love reboot? They could call it Love of Love.
With their tendency for babbling and coarseness, Courtney seems like way too much of a liability to put on live-ish TV multiple times a week. But of course, that would be total incentive to watch and the genius of casting them Fingers crossed.
© Shutterstock
The pineal gland in the human brain has the structure of an eye. It has cells that act as light receptors, as the retina does. It has a structure comparable to the vitreous - a gel-like substance between the retina and lens of the eye. It has a structure similar to a lens.Scientists are still learning much about the pineal body, known in both Eastern spiritualism and Western philosophy as the seat of human consciousness. A bundle of nerve fibers connects it to the posterior commissure, another part of the brain that is not well-understood.For many years, scientists have recognized the similarities between the pineal body and the eyes. In 1919, Frederick Tilney and Luther Fiske Warren wrote that the similarities listed above prove the pineal gland was formed to be light-sensitive and possibly to have other visual capabilities.More recently, in 1995, Dr. Cheryl Craft, chair of the department of cell and neurobiology at the University of Southern California, wrote about what they called the "mind's eye.""Under the skin in the skull of a lizard lies a light-responsive 'third eye' which is the ... equivalent of the bone-encased, hormone-secreting pineal gland in the human brain. The human pineal is denied access to light directly, but like the lizard's 'third eye,' it shows enhanced release of its hormone, melatonin, during the night," they wrote. "The pineal gland is the 'mind's eye.'"In the 1950s, researchers discovered the pineal body's ability to detect light, and to produce melatonin according to the amount of light it detects. In this way, it essentially controls important rhythms in the body. It affects the reproduction and immune systems. The pineal body was previously thought to be vestigial, but this discovery showed it actually has an important function.In May 2013, another discovery was made that could change the way the pineal body is viewed.It was found that a rat's pineal body produces N,N-Dimethyltryptamine (DMT). DMT has a widespread presence in organic beings that is not well-understood. Some people ingest DMT to induce psychedelic experiences often characterized as intensely spiritual.Dr. Rick Strassman conducted U.S. government-approved clinical research at the University of New Mexico in the 1990s, injecting human volunteers with DMT. They call DMT the "spirit molecule." The study that confirmed the presence of DMT in the pineal glands of rats was conducted at the University of Michigan by Dr. Jimo Borjigin and at Louisiana State University by Dr. Steven Barker. It was partially funded by the Cottonwood Research Foundation, which is headed by Dr. Strassman and which supports scientific research into the nature of consciousness. It was published in the journal Biomedical Chromatography.
You probably know that you can run a desktop operating system in a virtual machine for testing. You can do the same thing for Android, and it's a great way to test out a phone before you buy it. Here's how to set it up.
Advertisement
Why Virtualize Android?
Your first question is probably: Why would you want to do this? Just like virtualizing a desktop OS, there are a few reasons you may want to try it out in a virtual machine. If you're thinking about buying an Android phone or tablet for the first time, setting up a virtual device is a great way to get to grips with the operating system ahead of time. Developers can use virtual machines to try out ideas, and it also gives regular users the opportunity to try out apps without worrying about affecting an important phone. It can be seen as a test bed where you can try out all of the software you've ever wanted to test.
Advertisement
There are various virtualization tools that you can use to run Android, but by far the most impressive is Genymotion. This free tool is based on VirtualBox (our favorite virtualization tool for Windows) and it runs specific devices rather than just a generic Android installation. So if you're thinking of buying a Nexus 7, for instance, you can download a virtual version and run it on your computer ahead of time.
How to Set Up Genymotion
Advertisement
Genymotion is very easy to install and set up. Just follow these steps:
Visit the Genymotion web site, click the Get Genymotion link, and then download the free version of the software. While you're here, you can also create a Genymotion account, which you'll need later on. Install Genymotion on your computer. Note that it will interrupt your network access, so make sure you don't have any big downloads running before you install. With the installation complete, launch Genymotion. It will detect that you don't have any virtual devices set up. Click Yes to create one. Click the Connect button, enter your Genymotion username and password, and you'll see a list of ready-made devices to choose from.
Advertisement
If the Genymotion download seems a little on the large side at 117MB, that's because it includes a bundled version of VirtualBox. You can download a VirtualBox-free version of Genymotion if you already have it installed, but the full package is a nice touch as it ensures everything you need is available without the need to visit other web sites.
If you check out Genymotion's list of devices, you'll see generic phones and tablets, as well as specific models like the Samsung Galaxy S5 and tablets like the Nexus 7. You can browse through the entire list or use the dropdown menu to filter by Android version and device model. To choose a device:
Pick a device from the list and click Next. Enter a meaningful name for the virtual device and click Next. When the download completes—it is around 200MB—click Finish. Then, just select your chosen device from the list and click Play.
Advertisement
There will be a short delay while the device initializes, and then you'll see a familiar Android boot screen. A series of buttons to the right of the window provides access to toggles and controls, including the screen rotation option—you don't have to work in portrait mode the whole time.
Install the Google Play Store and Google Apps
Advertisement
One thing you will probably immediately notice is that Google Play and other Google apps are not included. Thankfully, installing them is easy:
Grab the ARM Translation Installer and the Google Apps bundle for the version of Android you're working with: Google Apps for Android 4.4,Google Apps for Android 4.3,Google Apps for Android 4.2, orGoogle Apps for Android 4.1. Once downloaded, drag and drop the ARM Translation ZIP file onto the Android window—there's no need to extract it. Genymotion will offer to flash the virtual device using the archive, so click OK to continue. When the flashing process finishes, click OK and then reboot the device. Now drag and drop the Google Apps ZIP file onto the virtual device window and click OK to start the file transfer. Reboot the device and you'll then be able to make use of Google Play and other Google apps.
Advertisement
Alternatively, you can install a third party store such as the Amazon Appstore. You need to permit the installation of third party apps to do this. Head to Settings, click the Security heading, and then check the Unknown Sources box. Fire up the built-in web browser and download the Amazon Appstore. You can then browse through the available apps and install any that interest you.
There is nothing to stop you from setting up multiple virtual Android machines, so you can either try out different things on each, or run different versions of Android. Whether you're a seasoned Android user looking for a new way to use the operating system, or you want to try it out for the first time, Genymotion is a great, free option.
Header photo made using Microsoft.
Image copyright Wildfowl and Westland Trust Image caption The Wildfowl & Wetland Trust's London Wetland Centre, downstream from Wraysbury, could be "devastated" by the mussel, the Trust says
A species of mussel which is threatening to block water supplies to a US city has been found in the UK.
Quagga mussels have been discovered at Wraysbury reservoir, near Heathrow Airport, the Wildfowl and Wetland Trust (WWT) said.
The molluscs form large colonies on hard surfaces and can block pipes and cause flooding, the trust said.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said it would take action to tackle the threat.
Some scientists say the mussel poses the maximum risk to the UK environment of any non-native species.
The 4cm (1.5in) bivalves originated in Ukraine and spread across Europe as new canals opened, a WWT spokesperson said. They were introduced to the US by ships discharging their ballast in the Great Lakes.
Quagga mussels
Image copyright David Aldridge, Cambridge University
The species originates from an area around the Black and Caspian seas
Quagga mussels feed on different varieties of algae
There is no effective eradication method once it has been established in a reservoir
The quagga mussel can be hard to distinguish from the zebra mussel, which is already widespread in England and Wales
Quagga and zebra mussels have spread to 29 states in the USA
They are found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi river basin as well as in artificial channels including in the Chicago area
Sources: Environment Agency and the National Wildlife Federation
The species is flourishing in Lake Mead, formed by the Hoover dam, and engineers are working to stop them colonising the dam's turbines and blocking the pipes which supply water to Las Vegas, the spokesperson said.
Earlier this year a group of scientists at the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology (CEH) identified the quagga mussel as the single greatest threat to the UK's wildlife of any alien species.
Dr Helen Roy, one of the scientists involved in the research, said that, after looking at hundreds of species from all over the world, the quagga mussel was the most likely to arrive and establish itself in the UK and pose a danger to biodversity there.
Sarah Chare, from the Environment Agency, said the quagga mussel affected water quality as well as clogging up pipes.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said it would be working to reduce the risks of the quagga mussels spreading any further.
A spokesperson said: "It is important that we take action to address the threats posed by invasive non-native species.
"Users of our waterways can help with this by checking their equipment and keeping it clean and dry."
A Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust spokesperson said the trusts's London Wetland Centre, downstream from Wraysbury "is the sort of place [where] they'll wreak havoc with the wildlife, if left unchecked".
Jeff Knott, from the WWT, said: "These tiny mussels can be devastating but look so innocuous.
"Quagga mussels are likely to indirectly cause suffering and death for hundreds of thousands of native animals, fish and plants and cost millions of pounds in tax and water bills to protect drinking water supplies."
Kids are always learning about gender. You might not notice it, but every time your child hears someone refer to them as your son or daughter, followed by a statement of praise or criticism, every time they hear you say something about boys or girls, every time you walk through a toy or clothing store with them, or shop online with them — they are watching and listening and learning about gender.
Kids learn from what we say (whether or not we're saying it to them) and they learn just as much, if not more, from what we don't say. They learn from how we act, from our body language, from the tone in our voice, from which people we gravitate toward or away from at the playground or the laundromat, at school or home.
Gender isn't something previous generations talked much about with their kids. But that doesn't mean it wasn't there. It is always there. Then as now, there are three essential things to know about gender for yourself and your kids:
There aren't two genders: gender is a spectrum. There is no right gender to be. There is no right way to be whatever gender you are.
Raising healthy kids in terms of gender means letting them know they have options and supporting them as they figure it out for themselves. Here are a few ways to do that without getting a PhD in gender studies (not that there's anything wrong with a PhD in gender studies!).
You'll Also Love: How To Talk About Sexism With Your Son
Pay Attention to How and When You Assume Gender
We all do this. You get to the park and want your kid to play with other kids. You spot a kid with long hair and say “go see if that girl wants to play,” or maybe you scan the playground looking for a boy for your boy to play with. You're at a restaurant and the waiter, who has short hair and is wearing a tie shows up to take your order, and you say “tell the man what you want to eat.”
You have no way of knowing for sure if the kid with long hair is a girl, or if the kid with short hair on the jungle gym is a boy, or if the waiter is a man. At an even more fundamental level, your way of recognizing them relies first and foremost on assuming gender categories rather than, say, the fact that they are people.
This is a hard habit to break, and we will all always make assumptions about people's gender. The point is to flag for yourself and your kids that this is always an assumption, that you can't know someone's gender just by looking at them and we don't need to know their gender to play with them or talk to them. When we make assumptions, we should make ourselves aware they are assumptions. When we're wrong it's on us to apologize, correct and move on. Talk with your kids about this when you catch yourself doing it.
Change Up the Options
Just by living in the world your kid will learn what's expected of them based on whether they are called a "boy" or a "girl." You can make more room for your kid by challenging those expectations.
Gender isn't the enemy.
Narrow and rigid gender roles are.
When reading books, telling stories and watching videos, make a point of changing the gender pronouns (why are the cats always female and the dogs male?). This may seem silly, but it's worthwhile. Better yet, leave the pronouns out altogether and let your child experience a story where gender doesn't determine who does what and how the story ends.
To be clear, this isn't about erasing gender or making everything gender neutral. Gender isn't the enemy. Narrow and rigid gender roles are. Changing up "she" and "he" and "they" is about giving young children some space to be kids first, before they feel the obligation to become boys and girls who are bound to be men and women.
Challenge Kids' Understanding of Gender, Don't Police It
You might be a mom who hates pink, who never wears makeup and who suffered as a girl with the gender stereotypes. And now you might have a daughter who loves pink, long hair and princesses above all things. The truth is that your kid is going to love what they love (and later on, they'll love who they love) no matter what you say. Telling them, begging them, or bribing them to love otherwise isn't going to work. We might call that policing gender — telling them there's a right and wrong way.
Don't police, but do challenge. Your kid may be putting out very narrow and rigid ideas about what girls like and what boys like. Make sure they know first of all, that there are more than just boys and girls in the world. There are lots of different ways for different kinds of people to be boyish and girlish and in between. Some day, they might decide to explore more of those even if today, they seem stuck in their gendered ways — and that's okay.
Don't just challenge them with words. Make sure they get exposed to lots of varied gender representations in the books they read, the videos they watch, the plays they see and in their community.
You'll Also Love: Why Aren't There Names For All Our Family Members?
Think About Your Own Gender, and Use That (Appropriately)
When I talk with parents whose kids are expressing their gender in ways that don't fit others' expectations, one of the things parents often share is that it pushed them to go back to their own upbringing, and realize all the ways THEY didn't fit in either.
Talk about sexism, and misogyny ... Talk about the narrow options open to boys.
It's likely that unless you had a particular reason to, you haven't thought much about the ways who you are as a person has been shaped by the way people treated you as a boy or girl, man or woman. All of us are harmed by gender stereotypes because they restrict our options and tell us who we are supposed to be, and what we are supposed to do, rather than invite us to figure out and share who we are.
Whether or not your kid is expressing a more expansive gender, start now by thinking about gender in your own life. Think about the questions you still have. Think about how gender limits you and how it expands you, and come up with age-appropriate examples. Talk about sexism, and misogyny (which means talking about disregard for femmes). Talk about the narrow options open to boys.
Embrace 'Kiddo' and other Gender Neutral Kid Pronouns
The problem isn't gendered. The problem is that we assume so much about our kids' gender based on what they got called when they were born. Gender is never the sum total of who we are, and we all deserve some time and space to discover ourselves without the burden of all this boy stuff and girl stuff.
This is why I never call my kid a "girl." I use "she" pronouns since that's what fits the sex we called them at birth, but at 2.5 my kid is just a kid, their gender identity (the internal sense that will tell us if “girl” is the right word for her) isn't fully developed yet. So I call them a "kiddo." And when we see other kids (in their daycare, at the park) I call them "kiddos" too. I never say “ask that boy if you can borrow their truck” or “see if that girl wants to play with you." I say “ask that kiddo” or "see if that other kiddo wants to play."
Eventually most of us choose he, she, they, or some combination of those. But part of giving our kids the room to find out who they are is not overburdening them with language they then have to fight for years to get out of.
If you want to learn more about talking to your kiddos about gender, Gender Spectrum as well as the Canadian and bilingual Gender Creative Kids have resources for parents, families and communities.
The Wall Street Journal this morning failed to report ties between the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and controversial "parent-trigger" legislation that would allow parents to take over and convert public schools to charter schools. They also failed to report that the Journal's parent company, News Corp, is a member of ALEC. The Journal's treatment of the legislation also cited no criticism of the proposal, which has been described as an effort "to manipulate parents into letting [the charter school lobby] privatize more public schools.
In the July 23 article, the Wall Street Journal reported on legislation that, according to the article, "empowers parents to take control of a school if enough of them sign petitions" and convert it into a charter school. But the article failed to mention that the proposal is based heavily on model legislation developed by ALEC, a controversial right-wing group that was recently exposed as a significant influence in the pro-charter movement in Georgia.
ALEC has also been behind such controversial legislation as voter ID laws and "Stand Your Ground" legislation. After the group's involvement in these efforts were made public, several of their corporate members left the organization. One of the corporations who remains a member of ALEC, however, is News Corp, the parent company of the Wall Street Journal. The article did not disclose the paper's relationship with ALEC and similarly did not disclose their relationship even while shielding ALEC from critics.
The Silph Research Group's large-scale study of egg drops in Pokémon GO has confirmed new changes to egg species (and their rarity).
Four months ago, the Silph Research Group discovered Pokémon GO's secret egg rarity tiers and, two months ago, observed the first recorded changes in the rarity tier chart describing all currently hatchable eggs.
We are now confident that changes occurred at the beginning of the Anniversary event on July 7th, with a minor change occurring at the event's end on July 23rd:
9 species have recently stopped appearing in eggs
appearing in eggs 13 species have been added (or restored) to eggs
(or restored) to eggs the rarity and egg distances of several species have been changed
Additionally, the final and rarest tier has now been confirmed, per our suspicions months ago. Consequently, we have changed our nomenclature and have replaced ULTRA-RARE with SUPER-RARE ; thus we call the newly confirmed rarity tier HYPER-RARE .
Without further ado, here are the latest changes:
SPECIES REMOVED FROM EGGS
The following nine species are confirmed to no longer hatch from new eggs:
These species (notably including the Generation I starter species) ceased appearing in new eggs at or soon after the beginning of the Anniversary event on July 7th. Eggs acquired and hatched in the subsequent periods, including post-Anniversary event, continued to lack these 9 species.
In total, 2,646 eggs were collected during the Anniversary event, and 4,054 after the Anniversary event by Silph Researchers without these species appearing.
With the exception of Yanma, which was dropped from the SUPER-RARE tier, the removed species were all either COMMON or UNCOMMON hatches previously.
SPECIES NEWLY ADDED TO EGGS
The following thirteen species are confirmed to have been added to eggs at the beginning of the Anniversary event:
Rare:
Uncommon:
Notably, Chinchou was added initially as a 10km egg on July 7th, but was moved to the 5km egg group on July 23rd.
SPECIES WITH EGG DISTANCE CHANGES
Four species have had their egg distance changed at the end of the Anniversary event:
Chinchou – Changed from a 10 KM egg to a 5 KM egg
– Changed from a egg to a egg Mantine – Changed from a 10 KM egg to a 5 KM egg
– Changed from a egg to a egg Pineco – Changed from a 10 KM egg to a 5 KM egg
– Changed from a egg to a egg Gligar – Changed from a 10 KM egg to a 5 KM egg
SPECIES THAT HAVE BECOME MORE COMMON
In addition to the thirteen species recently added to egg hatches, four species have become more common:
Pichu – Changed from UNCOMMON to COMMON . This may have been to assist those hunting a Pichu in the limited edition ‘Ash hat' form. It is also helpful for those currently hunting the rare shiny Pichu
– Changed from to . This may have been to assist those hunting a Pichu in the limited edition ‘Ash hat' form. It is also helpful for those currently hunting the rare shiny Pichu Mareep – Changed from RARE to UNCOMMON
– Changed from to Porygon – Changed from SUPER-RARE to UNCOMMON
– Changed from to Skarmory – Changed from SUPER-RARE to RARE
Mareep's change is a particularly welcome one for many travelers still struggling to collect enough candy for its third evolution, Ampharos.
SPECIES THAT HAVE BECOME Rarer
Finally, two species have been made more rare in this change:
Pineco – Changed from UNCOMMON to SUPER-RARE
– Changed from to Gligar – Changed from UNCOMMON to SUPER-RARE
Not only have these two (generally undesirable) hatches been made less common, they've also been moved from 10 KM eggs to 5 KM eggs, as noted above – a welcome change on both fronts!
NEW RARITY TIER CHART
So, with the above-mentioned changes in mind, travelers, here is the latest rarity chart as verified by the Silph Research Group!
RARITY TIER SPECIES Common
16/508 = 3.1% Uncommon
8/508 = 1.6% Rare
4/508 = 0.8% Super-Rare
2/508 = 0.4% Hyper-Rare
1/508 = 0.2%
To view all hatchable eggs by rarity tier and egg distance, you can reference the Silph Road's official egg resource: TheSilphRoad.com/egg-distances
NOTES
Note 1:
The Silph Research Group hatched 267 eggs at GO Fest in Chicago. This is far too small of a sample to determine the individual rarity tiers at this event. However, when pooled together there are no apparent changes beyond many species' distance change to 2 KM eggs.
PARTING WORDS
These were large changes, travelers, and ones that appear to have improved the egg pool (apart from Natu and Wooper, of course). The current 10KM egg pool contains very few undesirable species – an improvement we're excited about!
We owe many thanks to the hardworking folks in the Silph Research Group for pounding the pavement and contributing their data in the Silph Research Group's controlled setting.
Happy hatching, travelers!
PUBLICATION
This finding was shared on our subreddit on September 2, 2017.
Frida Kahlo was no stranger to mental illness. The life and work of this incredible Mexican artist contained an uncanny amount of pain, suffering, and loss.
They were a woman who endured a horrible illness, an even worse accident, and a marriage plagued by relentless infidelity. Because of these monumental events, Kahlo suffered from anxiety and depression, as well as alcoholism and identity issues throughout their life.
On July 6th, 1907, Frida Kahlo was born in the Blue House located on the outskirts of Mexico City. Them father was a photographer of German descent, and their mother was of Mexican and American heritage. Even though they were a product of different cultures, Kahlo identified with their homeland and drew artistic inspiration from there. They were one of Mexico's most well-known and enigmatic cultural heroes.
Mental Illness – Identity and Self Acceptance
Kahlo was just 6 years old when they were diagnosed with polio. Though they eventually made a full recovery, the illness left them right leg thinner than their left. So, in an effort to conceal it, they wore long and beautiful dresses that ultimately became part of their overall image.
Despite this insecurity, they managed to exercise a strong sense of individuality and unconformity, refusing to shave their armpits, unibrow, or mustache. Instead, they chose to put a lot of thought into their colorful clothes, elaborate accessories, and the flowers in their hair – all of which they often depicted in their self-portraits. Kahlo was a truly unique blend of masculine and feminine energy.
According to the AMA Journal of Ethics: “To the surprise of many observers, Kahlo prominently features their unibrow and facial hair and a stoic and distant facial expression that avoids any semblance of a smile. The expression is observed not only in their self-portraits but also in photographs. As acknowledged by several art historians, Kahlo's expressions reflect the many physical and emotional challenges that they faced in their life.”
In 1922, Kahlo was accepted into the esteemed Escuela Nacional Preparatoria. Being one of the handful of female students in the school, they were well on their way to becoming a doctor, but life had other plans for the ambitious young woman. On September 17th, 1925, Kahlo was involved in a devastating trolley accident that left them with serious injuries, which would significantly impact the rest of their life.
The aspiring medic had a broken spinal column, collarbone, pelvis and ribs. They sustained eleven fractures on their right leg, a crushed and dislocated right foot, as well as dislocated shoulder. And their abdomen and uterus were pierced with an iron handrail. As a result, Kahlo spent 3 months in a full body cast recovering from their injuries. To pass the time, their father set up an easel over their bed and gave them their paints so that they could entertain herself. This is when Frida Kahlo The Artist was born.
“My painting carries with it the message of pain.” – Frida Kahlo
Although Kahlo was eventually able to walk again, they lived with chronic pain that often flared up and left them bedridden. Still, they showed a relentless passion for life, while channeling their pain into what eventually became an impressive artistic career. They were once quoted as saying, “I paint myself because I am so often alone and because I am the subject I know best.” Out of the 140 paintings they produced, at least 55 of them were self-portraits.
But their identity issues did not stop there. As the wife of Diego Rivera, another one of Mexico's most celebrated artists, Kahlo was determined to find their own artistic identity; one that would be independent of their husband. At a time when women were seen as extensions of the men they married, Kahlo's work depicted their struggle with balancing their own strong sense of self with that of their husband. In their relationship, it was a scale that could be tipped in either direction, at almost any given time.
Mental Illness – The Great Depression of Frida Kahlo
According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness: “Kahlo was diagnosed with minor depression, but experienced two major depressive episodes and suicide attempts during their lifetime…Her apparent dissociation and identity issues lead many researchers and historians to believe that Kahlo suffered from an array of mental illnesses—from posttraumatic stress disorder to bipolar disorder to dissociative identity disorder.”
Kahlo's accident changed the course of their life. The iron rod that pierced their uterus took away their ability to bear children, becoming one of their most emotionally and mentally devastating ordeals. All three of their pregnancies had to be terminated, which caused the artist a lot of grief and heartache. But Kahlo's depression was also fueled by their tumultuous marriage.
“There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.” – Frida Kahlo
In 1927, Frida Kahlo noticed Diego Rivera working on a mural at the Ministry of Public Education. They wanted to get their opinion on their work, so they approached him. They were impressed by their talent and encouraged them to pursuit art, while they pursued them The couple married in 1929. They were 42. They were 22.
Although they were together for the rest of their life, Rivera was a notorious womanizer who had numerous affairs, including one with Kahlo's younger sister. This particular discretion caused the couple to divorce in 1939, and plummeted Kahlo into a major depressive episode. They reconciled one year later, but the emotional impact of their roller coaster romance only deepened Kahlo's battle with mental illness. As a result, they self-medicated and preoccupied themselves with self-reflection – mostly through art. “I never painted dreams,” they said. “I painted my own reality.”
Though Kahlo was greatly affected by their husband's constant cheating, they rebelled by having numerous affairs of their own. Some of their lovers included Isamu Noguchi, Josephine Baker, and Leon Trotsky. Rivera seemed to have been accepting of Kahlo's affairs with women, but they were by far more jealous and insecure about their male companions. Still, the couple remained married until Kahlo's death at the Blue House on July 13th, 1954. They were only 47 years old.
Mental Illness – Alcohol. Cigarettes. Parties.
“I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.” – Frida Kahlo
Throughout their life, Frida Kahlo endured some 35 operations, including the eventual amputation of their right leg, and was often hospitalized or bedridden for months at a time. Still, they were one of the strongest, most courageous, and uniquely vulnerable women in art history. They drank tequila straight from the bottle, smoked like a chimney, and loved to tell dirty jokes at the many parties they threw at them house.
This aspect of their personality was just as real and authentic as their darker side, and the dichotomy between the two made them who they are. Although there is still much debate about how they died – whether it was due to their illness or suicide – they were someone who lived life on their own terms, and to the best of their ability.
“I hope the exit is joyful — and I hope never to return.” – Frida Kahlo
Yes, Frida Kahlo battled mental illness, but they also really knew how to live.
For more of their work, please check out the Frida Kahlo Foundation.
Hey there! Did you like what you just read? Subscribe to our newsletter for a chance to win our weekly book giveaway!:
Winning the First Battle
In 1812, Napoleon invaded Russia. They marched in with 700,000 men, expecting a glorious war.
But the Russians did something odd. They retreated and burned their villages and crops as they went. Napoleon chased them deeper and deeper into Russia, eventually reaching Moscow, which was curiously deserted. They suddenly realized that their troops were stranded in a harsh Russian winter with no food.
With no other choice, they turned back toward Europe. The journey out of Russia was horrific. When Napoleon stumbled back into France two months later, they had less than 30,000 soldiers still able to fight.
In the 200 years since, this has become known as a textbook failure of logistics, which is the science of moving and supporting people and materials. Napoleon couldn't win the war because they couldn't even solve the logistical problem. Clearly, in order to fight a war, you have to get to the war. Additionally, you have to support your troops in the field — vehicles need fuel, soldiers need food, guns need ammunition.
While logistics isn't the most glamorous discipline, it's clear that the first battle of any war is logistical. If you fail the first battle, then you can't win the war. You can't even fight it.
The same is true of fitness. In order to win the war, we have to get to a place where we're willing and able to fight it.
We confuse the first and second battles of fitness all the time. The first battle gets you to the gym (or to the running trail or to your yoga mat in front of the TV – whatever). The second battle is what you do when you get there.
Yet so much attention gets paid to that second battle. It's more glamorous, clearly. Who doesn't want to spend their time trying to perfect their squat stance? But so many people lose the first battle that the second battle often never gets fought. For every person in the gym working on their squat, there are 10 people who never even got to the gym in the first place. And no matter how awesome that WOD was, there may be someone who'll fist bump you on the way out the door, and then never come back.
CrossFit can be clique-ish sometimes, and this doesn't help. There's such an emphasis on performance that more attention gets paid to the high performers – you're never going to see a triumphant Facebook video of a guy snatching 65 pounds, and no one at CrossFit HQ is going to talk about how hard it is for the average CrossFitter to stay motivated. Instead, we play along with the fiction that everyone is always ready and eager to throw down, every minute of every day.
This skews our perspective on that first battle. We tend to compare ourselves to the elite. We assume they've won that battle decisively and never have to fight their way into the gym in the morning. They breathe rarefied air where there are no battles of motivation. And how great would that be?
Weirdly, we take comfort in this. We secretly like the idea that some people don't have to fight that battle, even if we still do. We like this because we don't like the idea that there's even a battle to be fought. We'd rather pretend that consistency can be automatic. We hope that there's a world where we don't have to second guess the snooze button every morning or fight the urge to drive home to Netflix after work rather than going to the gym.
But the majority of people working out with you every day probably had to fight a battle at some level to even get there. Sure, we all put on our game face when we walk through the door, but some number of us would rather be somewhere else. We fight the urge not to go, and we fight the urge to phone in our performance once we get there
You've been there, and you know it. Any one of us could lose that battle at any time. You might think you've reached a point where you're unstoppable, but the right combination of circumstances at the wrong time could over-run you at any moment. Any given workout could be your last.
In the last year, about 25 established members of CrossFit Sioux Falls stopped coming. Some of them moved away. Some of them found somewhere else to workout. But there's a subset of that group that just gave up one day and lost that first battle. For some reason, they couldn't fight it anymore. They raised the white flag and they surrendered.
Why is that? Sometime after that last workout, something happened to derail the next one. What was that thing?
For many, they don't even know. The reasons are emotional, beyond their immediate understanding. I'm convinced that we proactively think our way into the gym, but we subconsciously emote our way out of it. Lurking somewhere on the outskirts of our rational thoughts are things which carry our motivation off into the night. They disguise themselves as circumstances or obstacles, but the effect is the same. One day, for whatever reason, we lose that first battle. We can't keep up the fight.
But we don't like to talk about emotions. We control our thinking, but our emotions control us. They're forces we don't quite understand which might come from painful situations in our past that we'd rather not think about. While rational thought represents strength and initiative, emotions represent weakness and control.
See if any of this sound familiar:
“I've been fighting my weight my entire life. I'm eventually going to fail at this, so I might as well quit now.”
“I got injured two years ago, and every time I pull a barbell off the ground, I ask myself if this is the moment when it happens again.”
“I have to fight the urge to over-eat at every meal. I'm tired of walking on a tightrope.”
“I was bullied by athletes all through school. The gym was a place where I hated to be. I feel like an imposter every second I'm there.”
“My best years are behind me. I can't stop thinking about the time I wasted.”
I wish I could tell you these examples are made up, but they're actually my own. Perhaps you saw yourself in a couple of them, or maybe, if you're honest with yourself for a moment, you can add to the list. We all have something we have to fight to get started and stay moving.
The opening line of Anna Karenina says:
“All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.”
Tolstoy was saying that there are multiple obstacles to be surmounted to have a happy family. Happy families solve them all, where unhappy families can fail at one or more of them in a spectacular number of combinations. This has become known as the Anna Karenina Principle, which broadly implies that there are far more ways to fail at something than to succeed.
There are so many forces in that first battle trying to keep us out of the gym. The only way to be successful is to win at them all.
But, before this all gets too depressing, perhaps we can take some solace in the fact that we all fight that first battle, whether or not we ever talk about it. At some level, we're all walking wounded.
(If you don't fight this battle — or like to pretend that you don't — you may be reading this and thinking, “Pffft, whatever.” If this is the case, good for you. Not everyone is that lucky, but I'm glad you apparently have everything worked out. I don't believe you, for the record, but that's none of my business.)
Look around next time you're in the gym and understand that there are people there for whom it wasn't automatic. They may smile and pretend otherwise, but just walking through the door was a push back against resistance. They won that first battle. This time.
I can't make the battle go away, but I can tell you that you're not alone. And I can tell you that the battle is fought and won dozens of times every day by the people you see during warmups. If you fight this, don't feel like you're somehow different or deficient. This stuff is hard.
If you know someone that can't seem to win that first battle, send them this blog post. Let them know that people who once thought it was hopeless somehow manage to fight that battle and win it. They can too.
Join Us!
A new Intro to CrossFit class is starting soon. Contact Liza at liza@crossfitsiouxfalls.com for more information.
Glass baby blue eyes stare back at me when I wake. I scramble back and they mimic me. Bloodied white curls swing around their head in a mangled mess. I turn to run. Those blue eyes gaze back. I lift my fist thrusting it at them Glass shatters slicing my hand and arm.
As my heart rate slows I spin in a half circle. A half circle is enough to make my insides squirm. Mirrors reflect every inch of me from the eyes that aren't mine to the hair that isn't mine to the frilly dress that isn't mine. I wipe my hand against my mouth, but the pink lipstick doesn't smear. I claw at it until my lips rip open. Amusement gleams in their eyes, my eyes.
“Help! Jessy, help!” My throat aches and my head pounds and I have to get out.
I rip a frill from my dress and wrap the fabric around my bloody fingers. I stare down the “Not Me” in the mirror. Them eyes glisten. I dare you. Right between those arrogant eyes I smash it. Then again and again. Turn and smash. The mirrors explode in a rain of glass.
As the debris settles my hands run along the wall searching for a hidden door. But it's smooth concrete. I glance up. The concrete ceiling presses down on me.
Pop! The fluorescent light burns out. A deep breathing, sightless dark fills the room. Cold hands clench my wrists and darkness swallows my scream.
[Warning: Graphic Content]: The latest woman to accuse disgraced Miramax co-founder Harvey Weinstein said Tuesday the movie mogul forced them into oral sex while they were on their period.
In a press conference with attorney Gloria Allred, the accuser — who goes by Mimi — explained how Weinstein allegedly forced them into oral sex when they visited them at their New York City home sometime between 2004 and 2006.
Mimi said during the press conference that in one instance, they arrived at Weinstein's home in the New York City, in the SoHo neighborhood, only to be taken into their bedroom where they allegedly forced themselves on them
While being allegedly assaulted by Weinstein, Mimi says they told them that they were on their period — thinking it would get them off of them — but their attempt to halt the alleged assault only made matters worse.
From there, Mimi said Weinstein took out their tampon and proceeded to tell them “Don't you feel we are so much closer to each other now?” to which they responded, “No.”
Mimi is the latest alleged victim of Weinstein's, who has now been accused by more than 50 women in the entertainment and modeling industry of sexual assault, harassment, or rape. Breitbart News continues to report this developing story.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder
Apple is not exactly hurting for cash; Cupertino revealed last month that it's sitting on approximately $97.6 billion. But rather than burning those funds on acquisitions, half-baked technology, or iPads for all, Apple chief Tim Cook insisted Tuesday that the company is very practical about its money.
"We spend our money like it's our last penny," Cook said at Tuesday's Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference. "We're judicious, we're deliberate."
Apple shareholders "don't want us to act like we're rich," Cook continued. "That may sound bizarre, but it's the truth."
That being said, Apple isn't just lounging in piles of gold coins Scrooge McDuck-style. Cook said Apple has spent billions on its supply chain, acquisitions, intellectual property (sorry, Samsung), infrastructure, and retail stores.
"But yes, we still have a lot [of money]," Cook conceded.
So what is Apple going to do with all this cash? "It is being discussed more now and in greater detail," they said. "I'd be the first to admit, we have more cash than we need to run the business on a daily basis. And so we're actively discussing it. I only ask for a bit of patience so we can do this in a very deliberate way and make the best decision for the shareholders."
PCMag's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, recently suggested six things that Apple can do with its cash hoard, including investing early in new technologies and developing a new product line. That might not happen; Cook said the late Steve Jobs "drilled in all of us [that] we should stay extremely focused on a few things rather than try to do so many that we did nothing well." But it's clear that Apple has the desire the means to branch out at least a little in the years to come. How should Apple spend that cash? Let us know in the comments.
Also at Tuesday's event, meanwhile, Cook said that tablets will one day outsell PCs and defended the working conditions of the company's international suppliers, arguing that "we care about every worker."
For more from Chloe, follow them on Twitter @ChloeAlbanesius.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
Image copyright AP Image caption Davis was one of the original "Usual Gang of Idiots" at MAD magazine, a spokesperson said
Cartoonist Jack Davis, the "long-time legendary" artist on the US magazine Mad, has died at the age of 91.
Davis, who also created posters for films such as The Long Goodbye and Bananas, was one of the founding artists on the publication in 1952.
They contributed to the magazine for several decades, drawing many portraits of its mascot Alfred E Neuman.
Mad art director Sam Viviano said Davis' "immediately recognisable style revolutionised comic illustration".
'One of the greats'
A spokesperson for the magazine, which began as a comic book in 1952, said a list of their "most legendary pieces would run to several pages in length".
They added: "Among their most iconic parodies from Mad's comic book days are of The Lone Ranger and High Noon.
"From the magazine, their notable parodies include spoofs of Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gone with the Wind, and M*A*S*H."
The magazine's editor John Ficarra said there "wasn't anything Jack couldn't do".
"Front covers, caricatures, sports scenes, monsters - their comedic range was just incredible.
"His ability to put energy and motion into their drawings, their use of cross-hatching and brush work, and their bold use of colour made them truly one of the greats."
Image copyright Twitter
Davis began their career at the University of Georgia, where they drew for the campus newspaper - their depictions of the athletics teams, the Georgia Bulldogs, still grace the walls of the institution.
The university's alumni association tweeted that Davis would be "missed by the Bulldog family".
Georgia radio station WGAU said Davis' first success after university was to illustrate a Coca-Cola training manual, "a job that gave them enough cash to buy a car and drive to New York".
Once there, they worked as a freelance cartoonist, before finding a role with EC Comics, contributing to a number of their titles, including Tales From The Crypt and Incredible Science Fiction.
The editors of those titles - William M Gaines, Albert B Feldstein and Harvey Kurtzman - went on to launch Mad, which Davis contributed to from the start as one of the "Usual Gang of Idiots", the magazine's spokesperson said.
Away from the magazine, Davis drew posters for films and designed a stamp for the US Postal Service in 1989, breaking the rule banning the portrayal of living people by sneaking in a self-portrait.
They received the National Cartoonists Society's Milton Caniff Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996 and the Reuben Award in 2000 and was inducted into the Will Eisner Hall of Fame in 2003.
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Celebrities and fellow cartoonists paid tribute to Davis online. The Monkees' drummer Micky Dolenz retweeted a picture Davis had drawn of the group, while author Neil Gaiman said Davis was "so wonderful" and "a legend".
Marvel comic book writer Brian Michael Bendis described Davis as "one of the greatest cartoonists that ever lived", The Walking Dead artist Tony Moore said they were a "consummate professional and gentleman" and Gremlins director Joe Dante called them "the Maddest of the Mad artists".
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Davis' final cover for the magazine came in 1995 - a picture of magazine mascot Neuman plunging radio presenter Howard Stern in a toilet bowl, which the spokesperson said "remains a Mad classic".
Ficarra said Davis would "always be remembered for their charming modesty and Southern gentleman manner, which completely belied their rascally sense of humour and wry wit".
"Everyone at Mad and DC Entertainment send their heartfelt condolences to Jack's wife, Dena, and the entire Davis family," they added.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
High Performance User Equipment
You've heard of the Trojan Horse. Now, Sprint has the Trojan phone . Early next year, the carrier will unlock a feature hidden in its flagship handsets that will give these models the ability to increase connectivity speed. According to Sprint Chief Technology Officer John Saw, besides a hike in the average speed, reliability will increase.The phones affected include popular models like the Apple iPhone 7 LG G5 and the Google Pixel . The feature being unlocked will allow these phones to work with 3 x carrier aggregation. Simply put, this increases the width of the pipeline serving Sprint users so that more traffic can fit in the pipeline and have the room to travel faster.Unlike most carriers, Sprint uses three different frequencies including the 2.5GHz airwaves that are higher frequency. While such airwaves offer higher capacity and speed, they also have the opposite features of low frequency spectrum such as limited distance and an inability to penetrate buildings. But the 3 x carrier aggregation allows all three bands to be used giving Sprint customers the best of each of the three frequencies. The HTC Bolt , a Sprint exclusive, is the first phone offered by the carrier to support this technology out of the boxThe nation's fourth largest carrier announced today that a new feature calledwill extend the range of its cell towers by 30%, allowing more users to connect to the higher frequency 2.5GHz band. The first handset to offer this feature will be the Samsung Galaxy S8 . Vice president of product development Ray Sullivan says that they hope that all handsets are supporting HPUE within two years.source: CNET
Sickened Russian Opposition Leader Blames Poison Ordered By Russian Special Services
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ariel Zambelich/NPR Ariel Zambelich/NPR
An outspoken Russian opposition figure sickened by two mysterious illnesses is now blaming the Russian government for poisoning him.
Vladimir Kara-Murza, who fell into a coma last month after a past sickness they blamed on poison, told NPR's Mary Louise Kelly in an interview on Friday that it is an unusual toxin and they are convinced it could only have come from one place.
"Given the sophisticated type of poison, I think it's people who have been or are connected with the Russian special services," they said.
The full interview is scheduled to air on NPR's Weekend Edition Sunday.
Kara-Murza says they fell ill on Feb. 2, while in Moscow. They were rushed to the hospital, where they say they were in a coma for 10 days, kept alive by artificial respiration.
"All my major life organs just began shutting down one after another," says Kara-Murza. "So it was the lungs, the kidneys, the liver, the heart just stopping."
They have since returned to the U.S. for treatment.  They are speaking out now about what they call the attack by Russia's government at a time when President Trump has called for a closer relationship between Washington and Moscow — and is under investigation for their own ties to Putin.
Kara-Murza described to Kelly how one way they had concluded Russia's spy services were targeting them was how similar their recent onset of sickness felt to the first one, which occurred in 2015. This time, they say, it was more severe.
"This time I was really struggling to breathe," they said. "That's really — I can tell you — that's really, not just painful, but really scary."
What convinces Kara-Murza that they are, in fact, poisoned?
"First of all, that's the official diagnosis from my discharge papers, from the Russian hospital — 'Toxic action by an unidentified substance,' " they tell NPR.
Samples of Kara-Murza's blood, hair and fingernails have been sent to toxicology labs in France, Israel and the U.S. for analysis, Kara-Murza says. Results are not back yet.
Kara-Murza, whose group, Open Russia, supports democratic reforms inside the authoritarian system dominated by Putin, is only the most recent Kremlin opponent to come under an unusual or deadly attack. Their friend Boris Nemtsov, Russia's former deputy prime minister, was shot and killed two years ago.
A Russian banker, Alexander Perepilichny, fell dead in England in 2012 after having exposed tax fraud involving the Russian government and organized crime. An ex-KGB officer, Alexander Litvinenko, died in 2006 after drinking what investigators concluded was tea laced with radioactive polonium-210. And many other foes of the Kremlin, including political figures and journalists, have met with violent ends.
I am a mother of two kids and my eldest daughter (now 17) is making me alarmed by the amount of times they are using the word same. For example, recently I was making some homemade jam in the kitchen and they came into the kitchen. On their way back from the fridge after pronouncing that we had no food, they knocked over...
I am a mother of two kids and my eldest daughter (now 17) is making me alarmed by the amount of times they are using the word same. For example, recently I was making some homemade jam in the kitchen and they came into the kitchen. On their way back from the fridge after pronouncing that we had no food, they knocked over one of our chairs. They looked at the chair in silence for a few seconds and then said "same" and went back upstairs.
What does same mean? Is it a new curse word that I don't know about from that Tumbler website? Should I be punishing them for saying it in front of them sister?
Thank you all so much! God bless
Angela Merkel's recent takedown of Benjamin Netanyahu may be a watershed. Netanyahu was working them over because of Germany's vote on a UN resolution stating that West Bank Israeli settlements are illegal when Merkel reportedly responded, “How dare you? You are the one who has disappointed us. You haven't made a single step to advance peace.” Needless to say, the resolution failed when the U.S. vetoed it.
Merkel also had the temerity to appoint Hans-Peter Friedrich as Interior Minister, doubtless mindful that anti-immigration sentiment is becoming politically explosive. Writing in the Financial Times, Gideon Rachman notes that Merkel “knows that anger about the EU and about immigration are … potent forces in [Germany]. [Geert] Wilders has spoken to enthusiastic audiences in Germany and the thought of a German Wilders is Ms Merkel's ultimate nightmare.”
Friedrich immediately announced that “Islam in Germany is not something substantiated by history at any point.” They expanded: “Successful integration requires two things: knowledge of the social reality in Germany — where about 4 million Muslims live — and a clear awareness of the Western Christian origin of our culture.”
The New York Times struggled with words sufficient to convey its absolute horror at the appointment, terming it “shockingly offensive.” (The Times abstained from expressing an opinion when Israel declared that new citizens would have to pledge allegiance to Israel as the Jewish state, opting instead to publish opposite points of view, by the Israeli Ambassador and a Palestinian activist.) For the Times as part of the elite culture of Western suicide, it is an easy moral judgment—so easy that they don't bother to spell out why Friedrich's statements are so evil, confident its readers would happily fill in the blanks with their own version of the mantra that Western Christian culture has no particular legitimacy and their own abhorrence of the idea that any society anywhere should define itself as Western and Christian.
Similarly, Gideon Rachman concludes their column on Merkel by stating “The rise of the far right is bad news in France and the Netherlands. But it would be a disaster in Germany.” Disaster? How exactly would it be a disaster?
But again, Rachman's ethnic commitments may be clouding their judgment here.
Remember Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the Very Serious Person? Before they were their party's nominee for vice president, and their extreme ideology became more widely understood, Ryan was the Washington media establishment's favorite Republican. In 2011, Time magazine named them a runner-up for Person of the Year, crediting their “hard work … and possibly suicidal guts” with making them “the most influential American politician.” Ryan had built up this mythology by releasing their “Roadmap” to a balanced budget, which won accolades for wrestling with projected deficits. In truth, their plan consisted mostly of lazy hand-waving gestures about spending cuts. You can say future Congresses must cut discretionary domestic spending by some huge amount, but you're not really showing courage unless you're actually in office when the cuts take place, turning down cries for help from your constituents. Meanwhile, Ryan proposed big regressive tax cuts, and their most concrete proposals to limit spending would do so by ending the healthcare guarantees of Medicare and Medicaid.
Well, Ryan is still chair of the House Budget Committee, and they are trying to rebuild their brand. Whatever their goal — replace retiring Ways and Means Chair David Camp (R-Mich.), become speaker of the House, or run for president in 2016 — Ryan wants to be considered politically brave and fiscally responsible. Recently he's even been talking about poverty. But their new “Path to Prosperity” budget blueprint for fiscal year 2015, released on Tuesday, is mostly a rehash of their old ideas. And like every Ryan budget, it's full of right-wing hobbyhorses that would do untold damage to the environment.
Here are the five main ways Ryan's plan would increase pollution, accelerate global warming, despoil public lands, and stymie Americans' efforts to get out of their cars.
Kneecapping environmental regulation. The Path to Prosperity calls for enacting bills to roll back environmental regulatory authority, especially the EPA's planned regulations of CO2 from coal-fired power plants. The bill's actual text devotes two of its 100 pages to whining about how President Obama hasn't been very nice to coal companies. “Unfairly targeting the coal industry with costly and unachievable regulations will increase energy prices, disproportionately disadvantaging energy-intensive industries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class families already struggling to pay their bills,” Ryan asserts. They make no mention, naturally, of the health effects of coal-burning and extraction on low-income families, nor of the jobs created by renewable energy industries, nor of the climate crisis.
Expanding fossil fuel use. Republicans are fond of inserting clauses to promote fossil fuel extraction into unrelated budget bills. Ryan's budget is no exception. It refers to Republicans' obsessive crush, Keystone XL, and other dirty energy projects, calling for legislation that “frees the many commonsense energy and water projects currently trapped in complicated bureaucratic approval processes.”
Defunding environmental programs. Ryan would drastically cut domestic discretionary spending overall. That would affect environmental spending everywhere from the EPA to national parks and other Interior Department programs. Anything addressing climate change seems to especially irritate Ryan. As The Hill notes, “The blueprint hits spending for ‘government-wide climate-change-related activities,' mainly through cuts to federal agencies' funds for overseas climate-change initiatives. It also targets the administration's clean technology and strategic climate funds, established in 2010, which provide foreign assistance to boost energy-efficient projects aimed at mitigating climate change.” The Wilderness Society complains that Ryan would also cut spending for parks, public lands, and other conservation programs.
Reducing investment in transportation and infrastructure. Consider the well-established problem of the Highway Trust Fund shortfall. As Americans drive less and shift to more fuel-efficient cars, gas tax revenues have declined, meaning there's less money for transportation projects, but authorized transportation spending has not declined, creating a deficit. Any rational observer would describe this as a revenue problem, not a spending problem. A technocrat's answer would be to raise the gasoline tax, which hasn't gone up, even to keep pace with inflation, since 1993. Not Paul Ryan. Their budget's “sensible reforms” would cut spending to match declining gas tax receipts. And it would do so with an anti-urban, anti-environment bias. They don't spell out all the specific cuts they would make, but one example they give is to eliminate all spending on Amtrak.
Shoveling money into the pockets of Big Oil. Even as Ryan calls for a simplified tax code, they would keep market-distorting tax breaks for oil companies. The Center for American Progress writes, “His budget would … protect $45 billion in tax subsidies over 10 years to oil companies, the top five of which are already reaping $93 billion in profits from 2013 alone.” In so doing, Ryan has managed to disappoint even experienced observers of environmental politics, who hoped their supposed commitment to free-market principles would at least have an upside. “He doesn't want to cut subsidies for oil and gas — the low-hanging fruit that we thought everyone should support,” says Athan Manuel, a lobbyist at the Sierra Club. “If you're going to help Big Oil and not the average American, it just seems like a mean-spirited document.”
While Ryan's budget will never pass a Democratic Senate or be signed by a Democratic president, House Republicans have voted overwhelmingly to pass their budgets in the past. It is therefore a sign of what Republicans would do if they controlled the Senate and White House.
But there is one reason to be reassured: Ryan's policies would be enormously unpopular if enacted. “You can't run the basic government people want at these spending levels,” says Scott Slesinger, legislative director of the Natural Resources Defense Council. Remember the hysteria over closed national monuments during the federal government shutdown last year? Republicans know cutting spending on national parks wouldn't be popular. That's why they tried to blame Obama for the result of their own intransigence during the shutdown. If they were in charge, they'd probably chicken out on a lot of Ryan's extreme proposals, or face electoral consequences.
As the protests continue in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police shooting of Michael Brown, shares of Taser International TASR
The company is most well-known for its taser guns that shock people, but it also makes wearable video cameras used by law enforcement.
Investors are betting that allegations of heavy-handed police tactics during the Ferguson conflict will spur sales of the video cameras.
The thinking is simple: If the film is rolling, a record will be made of any officer who engages in police brutality. At the same time, the videos could provide another layer of credibility for police by showing what they are seeing when they are out on patrol.
Related: Local police get billions in military equipment
Interest in equipping police with body cameras has swelled nationwide. Pilot programs using Taser's products are underway in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Detroit, and London. New York may soon follow suit as a result of scrutiny of its controversial "stop and frisk" policing.
Even smaller police departments like Rialto, California, a city of 100,000 with a police force of 115, have been experimenting with Taser's cameras for some time.
Taser is one of only main two companies currently making the cameras. The other, Vievu LLC, is private.
Video police reports: It's not just the cameras that are exciting traders. Taser's service includes software that could make it easy for officers to upload audio and visual evidence. In the future, these videos could replace police reports.
Taser could also benefit from strong demand for its flagship electroshock products, commonly known as taser guns. As municipality budget constraints begin to ease as the economy improves, police departments are more likely to stock up on the devices, according to analysts at Dougherty and Company who cover the company.
Taser guns still make up the bulk of Taser's business.
Despite the recent uptick, Taser's stock is still down over 5% for the year.
Brian Ruttenbur, an analyst at CRT Capital Group, warns that even if the wearable camera movement takes off, there will be fierce competition in the space. What makes Taser unique right now is that the company has a partnership with Amazon (AMZN), the only company providing private cloud solutions at present.
Google (GOOG), IBM (IBM), Microsoft, (MSFT) and Cisco (CSCO) are all creating their own private cloud solutions. Once they do, more companies will create camera hardware and link up with them.
Related: Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey live-tweets protests in Ferguson
Google, for instance, already has its Google Glass device. "There are multiple companies that can provide an even more robust solution," Ruttenbur said.
Furthermore, Ruttenbur argues that police departments are notoriously slow at implementing any sort of new technology.
"Taser wants to replace Taser guns every five years, but police officers keep their weapons for 15, even 20 years," they say.
Then there's the police unions, which hold a lot of sway and have vigorously opposed the cameras. "You talk to any police officer on the street, they do not want video on their bodies," Ruttenbur said.
Haiti - Politic : Follow-up meetings of three bilateral subcommittees
This week, three subcommittees of the Joint Bilateral Commission (CMB) Haitiano-Dominican gathered at the premises of the Technical Secretariat, respectively, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, March 11, 2016. They are the subcommittees addressing the issues: Migration / Border; Transportation / Communication and Health.
The repatriation mechanisms, the question of border terminals and the planning of a technical meeting on the Identification Program and Documentation of the Haitian Immigrants (PIDIH) dominated the discussions of the members of the Subcommittee Migration and Borders.
In addition, the subcommittee Transport and Communication has exchanged around the cooperation in maritime navigation. Members also reviewed the memorandum on air transport between Haiti and the Dominican Republic as well as cross-border land transport Protocol.
Finally, members of the Subcommittee on Health addressed several important issues, including the fight plans against Zika fever, tuberculosis and prevention of Ebola.
HL/ HaitiLibre
Prosecutor's Mysterious Death Grips Argentina
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
A dead investigator, a disgruntled spy, a humble locksmith, an embattled president and, of course, a connection to the Middle East. Sounds like the plot of a new thriller, but it's actually a real-life murder mystery that is gripping Argentina. Today, Argentina's president said they believed a prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish center there was murdered. NPR South America correspondent Lourdes Garcia-Navarro reports on the latest in the mysterious death of prosecutor Alberto Nisman.
LOURDES GARCIA-NAVARRO, BYLINE: Since Alberto Nisman's death on Sunday, the government and investigators had maintained that the evidence pointed to suicide. The prosecutor was discovered in what they claimed was their locked apartment with a gunshot to the head and a pistol with one bullet casing next to him, but the timing was highly suspicious.
Nisman, who had been investigating the bombing for many years, was about to present evidence in a closed-door session of Congress. They said it would show that Argentina's sitting president, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, had been obstructing the investigation into the attack on the Jewish community center in which 84 people were killed and hundreds injured. Nisman maintained that Iran and its proxy, the Shiite Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, were behind the attack. They said that they had proof that showed that the government was trying to cement a deal for Iranian oil and sought to bury evidence implicating Iran.
On Tuesday, the results of an autopsy revealed that Nisman had no gunpowder residue on their hands. Investigators said that was not uncommon because of the small caliber of the gun, but it further called into question the suicide theory. Adding to the deepening mystery, the locksmith, who was called in to open the door to Nisman's apartment after police and their family tried unsuccessfully to reach them on the day of their death, claimed that the backdoor entrance to the apartment was open.
UNIDENTIFIED LOCKSMITH: (Foreign language spoken).
GARCIA-NAVARRO: They were swarmed by reporters after giving their testimony to police and has become an unlikely celebrity in the case. Lastly, investigators have also found third access to the home, where a recent footprint and fingerprint were discovered. People have been accusing the president and their government of being involved.
On Twitter, CFKAsesina, which stands for Cristina Fernandez Kirchner Killer, started trending. In the latest twist today, President Fernandez released their own bombshell. They took to social media to say that they now also did not believe Nisman had committed suicide. They wrote, quote, "they used them while they were alive and then they needed them dead." They did not explain who they meant by they, but their chief of staff alleged yesterday that Nisman had been fed erroneous information implicating the government by a disgruntled former spy in an attempt to discredit the president.
Meanwhile, the evidence that Nisman was going to present has been made public. The transcript of phone taps shows a history of secret negotiations between Iran and Argentina's government over a grain for oil deal. Argentina's government says Nisman's allegations were feeble and unfounded. As for the original bombing case that took place over to twenty years ago, it remains unresolved. Lourdes Garcia-Navarro, NPR News.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Parliament In Spain Removes Punitive ‘Sun Tax'
March 10th, 2016 by Glenn Meyers
Although Spain has not formed a government following general elections last year, 227 members of parliament agreed last week to remove negative policies against solar self-consumption should a majority government be formed out of the signatories of the agreement.
According to PV-Tech, the conservative Partido Popular party, which backs policies against solar self-consumption, also called the ‘sun tax' on energy produced and consumed without feeding the grid, currently has just 120 seats.
José Donoso, UNEF general director, has said this current agreement needs to be approved formally in parliament, but Spain is currently in a “complicated” political situation and it is unclear if a government will be formed soon or if new general elections will have to take place in June.
If a government is formed by signatories of this agreement, the parties have agreed to approve removing the ‘sun tax' within 100 days, and will approve a net metering system. It is also hoped these parties will simplify the administrative policies for solar.
Last June, UNEF said a “sun tax” would make solar uneconomical even for self-consumption, adding net-metering policies found in most other Mediterranean countries. Mediterranean countries with net metering include Portugal, Italy, Greece, and Cyprus.
Daniel Pérez, attorney at Holtrop S.L.P, the firm which wrote the new agreement document, said it is critical for owners of existing installations for the changes to come in by 10 April.
“The Royal Decree was approved on 10 October and it ruled that existing installations have six months (up to 10 April) to adapt to the new norm. If the Royal Decree is not removed before 10 April, owners of existing installations will have to make costly adaptations such as including a meter and connecting to the grid. New installations would not be affected by the deadline as they are likely to be installed with the necessary technical specifications of the decree anyway.”
For any of this to take effect, a government still needs to be formed.
Net metering policies vary considerably in different states in the US.
Image: Spain flags via Shutterstock
As already stated on previous posts, the idea was to create an atmosphere that could vary between simply beautiful to dangerous and downright creepy at some points. Obtaining a forest that has natural contrasts on each stage, which further help to create the impression of something “out of place”. For this to work, we had to be smart about the use of “Lighting” on a 2d world.
As you may know, 2d world usually uses unlit materials, mainly because the lack of depth (although 2d lit sprites are also used and can be interesting an interesting choice). Beside the possibilities of using lit sprites (on some levels like caves, etc), we also wanted something similar to a SpotLight that could fake lighting to some unlit/lit sprites … mainly to create those typical light cracks that one can see through the clouds or cracks on a cave (it can be used for beautiful and spooky factor at the same time, so it was a good option to develop early on).
Concept of Fake SpotLight
For the moment, the first stage of the game (tutorial level) has the mage traveling until they find a house lost in the forest. We wanted to give extra attention to detail to this house, but with no lights, the idea was simply not happening.
Early house build
So after thinking about this for a while, we decided to try creating a fake light that, simply put, is just a translucent one sided mesh that has a material that “fakes” a spotlight (it has emissive colors, some particles floating to fake dust, etc).
While rho (one of our artist) created the material i set up to create a simple solution to create these lights. The solution i created is by no means optimal nor the ultimate Spotlight that we are seeking (will iterate until i'm satisfied by it, but for all the purposes of creating the ambient, it was a good solution).
Simplified FakeLightMaterial
The SpotLight2D object works by launching multiple line traces using the visibility channel of UE4 (simply because that's the use of that channel, or at least it sounded logical). Whenever it encounters a hit, it stops at it tracks ant creates a runtime generated triangle which faces the camera, assigning the spotlight material that was created.
LightTraces
As you can see, the lines stop where a hit is found, the rays are not perfect and can miss some corners, so you can adjust the angle to use between each trace, you can also set the light as static, so it only does this once (the “dynamic” mode is costly, until optimized, reaching a 10fps drop per 3 active 1º light present on screen, moving). each of these triangles is mapped to a triangle runtime generated.
On each vertex, we had to assign the UV Mapping of the material, we simply scaled the total raylength to 1, and each vector direction from the light, was mapped on the material like this.
UV Mapping of raylights
With this, we could have a light source that diminished with distance traveled, we also had the particles effect (that move with time) to create a simple dust in the wind.
The modified scene now looked like this.
Lights rendered
Another example.
Link to video:
The results where good for a first iteration, but on the future we will implement refraction and reflection on some surfaces, so water scenes can look more lively, any update will be posted on further posts
Cheers!
The state appears ready to open Interstate 405 toll lanes to general traffic during nights, holidays and weekends, in a partial response to angry motorists.
In a concession to driver outrage, state lawmakers say they're ready to open the Interstate 405 express toll lanes to general traffic during nights, weekends and holidays — for free.
The reprieve wouldn't address the worst hours of commuter congestion. Nor would it untangle the Bothell bottleneck where the freeway shrinks from five total lanes to three, continuing north to Lynnwood.
But the changes might take political pressure off the Legislature, especially House Transportation Committee Chairwoman Judy Clibborn, D-Mercer Island, a longtime defender of I-405 tolling.
“I've been brutalized,” they said Wednesday. “I did not do this for me. I did this because we need to show people we are hearing them.”
Some 29,000 motorists have endorsed an online petition to “Stop I-405 Tolls,” complaining their daily trips are as bad or worse than before tolling began Sept. 27. The new lanes allow solo drivers to pay to enter a lane that is supposed to guarantee a 45 mph trip or faster.
Last week, Clibborn refused to hold a vote on a bill by Rep. Mark Harmsworth, R-Mill Creek, to convert one of the two tolled lanes from Bothell to Bellevue to full-time general-purpose use — which would likely sabotage the whole program.
Since then:
• The Senate Transportation Committee on Tuesday approved a bill by Sen. Andy Hill, R-Redmond, to repeal tolls from 7 p.m. to 5 a.m., as well as weekends and holidays. Hill said it could reach a Senate floor vote in a week.
• Clibborn and other Democrats signed a letter Tuesday, calling on state Transportation Secretary Lynn Peterson to repeal night, weekend and holiday tolls. The letter also says the highway should be re-striped for longer access zones between toll and general lanes to give drivers more room to shift into the toll lanes.
“As far as I know, we don't need a bill,” Clibborn said.
They said they hope changes occur within weeks.
To stress accountability, Hill emphasized a phrase in their bill saying the I-405 daytime tolls “are for a two-year pilot period” — to affirm that lawmakers and not the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) will judge whether tolls are successful enough to continue.
“My confidence in WSDOT being able to implement anything is very, very low,” they said Wednesday. “To think that under the same management, we're going to have any change, is highly unlikely.”
At best, the toll-hour changes would avert some slowdowns on weekends, when drivers are more reluctant to escape the clogged general lanes by paying a toll.
State toll officials will consult the Federal Highway Administration and Washington State Transportation Commission, to determine how to change tolling hours.
A WSDOT spokesperson said the agency backs the toll changes. “We appreciate the constructive approach in the letter and we support these improvements,” Ethan Bergerson said.
The new tolls have created winners and losers.
• Traffic jams have worsened north of Bothell, according to state data.
Toll rates that vary with traffic flow often reach $9 or $10, fueling complaints that Washington state offers mobility to its nobility and gridlock to its commoners.
David Hablewitz, of Bothell, a leading toll critic, testified in Olympia last week that the tolling system discourages two-person carpools by requiring three people in order to ride free at peak times. Some people dissolve two-person carpools and pay tolls, adding cars to I-405, they said.
• On the favorable side, Community Transit reports a six-minute savings at peak times with a 4 percent ridership gain, while King County Metro Transit finds an eight-minute savings, and ridership gains of 6 percent.
Some drivers are thanking the state for shorter suburban commutes, which the state estimates are 14 minutes briefer for toll payers. WSDOT data show general-lane traffic south into Bellevue moves seven minutes faster.
Meantime, the state is considering opening the right shoulders of the freeway north of Highway 527, also known as the Canyon Park interchange in north Bothell, ­during the afternoon peak, requiring some construction work.
That prompted needling from Bob Pishue, analyst for the conservative Washington Policy Center: “DOT says ‘can't build our way out of congestion' to justify #405ETL, then says wider 405 would reduce congestion,” they tweeted.
Overall, drivers make 450,000 trips per weekday within the Lynnwood-to-Bellevue segment of I-405.
Loosening the Bothell bottleneck under a tolled system would require the state to build a second toll lane to Lynnwood, and a Bothell access ramp.
Clibborn on Wednesday criticized the state's past assurances that a single toll lane each direction would suffice north of Bothell.
“The growth going on there is humongous. I think it was miscalculated. Obviously it was not designed with enough capacity,” Clibborn said.
The price for a full build-out to Lynnwood exceeds $300 million. Lawmakers didn't fund it in the recent 11.9-cent gas-tax increase, and nobody knows yet how far I-405 toll income might stretch, even at up to $10 a car.
REUTERS/Thomas Peter Samsung's success is somewhat mystifying as it runs contrary to the style of success and failure we've witnessed over the last ten years.
The most successful company of the last ten years is Apple, a company defined by its innovation and focus on a handful of products.
Samsung, by contrast, will copy anything and everything. It also manufactures a lot of stuff.
We've also witnessed a slow unwind of mega-corporations. GE was hit hard during the financial crisis, and has slowed its expansion into new business lines.
Samsung, on the other hand, makes skyscrapers, big ships, smartphones, TVs, and refrigerators, to name a few items.
Using the company's reports, information in Businessweek's story on Samsung, and other sources, we've put together this slideshow to show how sprawling and diverse Samsung really is.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool's next Premier League clash with Leicester City will be brought forward two days - if the Foxes draw their FA Cup fifth round tie with Millwall on Saturday.
Jurgen Klopp's side are scheduled to travel to the King Power Stadium on Monday, February 27 with an 8pm kick-off.
However, that game will have to be moved if Leicester require a replay against the League One outfit.
In the event of that happening plans are in place for Liverpool to face Leicester on Saturday, February 25 with a 12.30pm kick-off.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Those details will be confirmed once the outcome of Leicester v Millwall is known on Saturday afternoon.
Whether it's Monday night or Saturday lunchtime, Liverpool will head for the King Power Stadium looking to build on their morale boosting victory over Tottenham last weekend.
The Reds have a score to settle having slumped to a 2-0 defeat away to Claudio Ranieri's men last February.
“A good plan, violently executed now, is better than a perfect plan next week.”
“A good solution applied with vigor now is better than a perfect solution applied ten minutes later.”
“America loves a winner, and will not tolerate a loser, this is why America has never, and will never, lose a war.”
“A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood.”
“By perseverance, study, and eternal desire, any man can become great.”
“Do everything you ask of those you command.”
“Do more than is required of you.”
“Fixed fortifications are monuments to man's stupidity.”
“Good tactics can save even the worst strategy. Bad tactics will destroy even the best strategy.”
“I always believe in being prepared, even when I'm dressed in white tie and tails.”
“I am a soldier, I fight where I am told, and I win where I fight.”
“If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”
“If I do my full duty, the rest will take care of itself.”
“In case of doubt, attack.”
“It's the unconquerable soul of man, not the nature of the weapon they use, that insures victory.”
“Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way. ”
“Live for something rather than die for nothing.”
“May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't.”
“Moral courage is the most valuable and usually the most absent characteristic in men.”
“Never let the enemy pick the battle site.”
“No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair.”
“Say what you mean and mean what you say.”
“Success is how you bounce on the bottom.”
“The leader must be an actor.”
“The soldier is the army.”
“There is only one type of discipline, perfect discipline.”
“War is simple, direct, and ruthless.”
“Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men.”
“You're never beaten until you admit it.”
“You shouldn't underestimate an enemy, but it is just as fatal to overestimate him.”
“Attack rapidly, ruthlessly, viciously, without rest, however tired and hungry you may be, the enemy will be more tired, more hungry. Keep punching.”
“In landing operations, retreat is impossible, to surrender is as ignoble as it is foolish. above all else remember that we as attackers have the initiative, we know exactly what we are going to do, while the enemy is ignorant of our intentions and can only parry our blows. We must retain this tremendous advantage by always attacking rapidly, ruthlessly, viciously, and without rest.”
“An Army is a team; lives, sleeps, eats, fights as a team. This individual heroic stuff is a lot of crap.”
“War is the supreme test of man in which they rise to heights never approached in any other activity.”
“No sane man is unafraid in battle, but discipline produces in them a form of vicarious courage.”
“A man must know their destiny. if they do not recognize it, then they are lost. By this I mean, once, twice, or at the very most, three times, fate will reach out and tap a man on the shoulder. if they have the imagination, they will turn around and fate will point out to them what fork in the road they should take, if they have the guts, they will take it.”
“In war the only sure defense is offense, and the efficiency of the offense depends on the warlike souls of those conducting it.”
“Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.”
“Wars might be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of the men who leads that gains the victory.”
“. many, who should know better, think that wars can be decided by soulless machines, rather than by the blood and anguish of brave men.”
“Tanks are new and special weapon-newer than, as special, and certainly as valuable as the airplane.”
“An incessant change of means to attain unalterable ends is always going on; we must take care not to let these sundry means undo eminence in the perspective of our minds; for, since the beginning, there has been an unending cycle of them, and for each its advocates have claimed adoption as the sole solution of successful war.”
“Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.”
“The obvious thing for the cavalryman to do is to accept the fighting machine as a partner, and prepare to meet more fully the demands of future warfare.”
“Many soldiers are led to faulty ideas of war by knowing too much about too little.”
After working their shift at Eva Longoria's restaurant, Víctor Diego, a barista in "Beso," was meeting some friends but they never made it. As they were walking towards the Metro station on Hollywood Boulevard they were attacked by a group of men who left them with two fractured ribs, a shattered cheekbone and a broken jaw.
After learning the shocking and horrifying news of Eva Longoria's employee, who happened to be a transgender, Latin Times contacted Monica Trasandes, who works with GLAAD (Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation) and asked about statistics of transgender Latinos living in the U.S..
What they told us was frightening. They said that according to the 2011 Hate Violence Report of the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Projects, the rate of murders motivated by hate against LGBT, increased 11 percent in 2011 compared to 2010. It went up from 27 to 30 murders, with 87 percent of those killed that belonged to a minority group and 40 percent that were transgender women, including many high profile cases of Latinas such as Gwen Araujo, Angie Zapata and Paulina Ibarra.
Ibarra was a 24-year-old transgender woman who was killed in Los Angeles, California in 2009.
Gwen Araujo, born Edward Araujo, Jr., was a 23-year-old pre-op trans woman who was murdered in Newark, California in 2002. They were killed by four men, two of whom they had allegedly been sexually intimate with, who beat and strangled them after discovering they were transsexual.
Araujo was undergoing hormone therapy at the time and going by the name of Gwen Amber Rose Araujo. They met Michael Magidson, José Merél, Jaron Nabors and Jason Cazares in the summer of 2002, and got intimate with Magidson and Merél.
In the fall of that same year, Gwen attended a party at a house rented by José Merél and their brother, Paul Merél. The other boys were also there, along with Paul's girlfriend, Nicole Brown, who later that night discovered Gwen was still a man and causing Magidson and José Merél to get violent, resulting in their death.
Angie Zapata's case was the first in the nation to get a conviction for a hate crime involving a transgender victim. They met Allen Andrade when they were 18 in 2008, and spent nearly three days together, during which they had a sexual encounter. Andrade reportedly knew Angie was transgender, but nonetheless began beating her, first with their fists and then with a fire extinguisher, until they were dead. They later proceeded to leave in Zapata's car with the murder weapon and other incriminating evidence. Andrade, 31, was arrested near their residence in Colorado.
Angie Zapata's story and murder were featured on Univision's "Aquí y Ahora" television show on November 1, 2009.
Monica Trasandes also shared some very important numbers with Latin Times. They informed us that according to a report by the Center for American Progress in 2012, 18 percent of transgender Latinos are unemployed.
The report also said that although 5-7 percent of young people belong to the LGBT community, they are almost 40 percent of the homeless youth and 26 percent are Hispanic. Among the homeless transgender, 22 percent is Latino.
Transgender Latinos have a poverty rate of 28 percent, which is twice compared to the transgender population in general, and almost five times more compared to the Latino population in general.
"This recent horrible attack against a trasgender Latina woman in L.A. proves how vulnerable is the transgender community due to persistent prejudices," said Trasendes to Latin Times. "We hope they have a fast recovery and that the people responsible for this are caught. The police reports have indentified the victim as Víctor Diego, and GLAAD is working with the media to make sure they are correctly identified as a transgender woman. If we find the preferred name by the victim, GLAAD will inform journalists the best way to refer to her."
Ahead of Delhi Assembly elections, BJP on Tuesday received a substantial gain as Arvinder Singh Lovely, son of former Union Home Minister and senior one-time Congress leader Buta Singh, joined the party.
Advertising
Apart from Lovely, a number of other leaders from Congress, Aam Aadmi Party also joined the saffron party during the day.
BJP claimed that Lovely's inclusion will help it increase the support of Dalit voters and AAP, which is said to have a stronghold within SC community, can be given a tough fight in the forthcoming assembly polls.
“I was very disappointed as my father was denied a ticket by Congress in the General elections following which they had to contest elections independently in Rajasthan. So, I have today joined the BJP. I will assist the party to win the upcoming assembly elections,” Lovely told reporters here.
Advertising
Lovely had successfully contested the 2008 Assembly elections on Congress ticket from Deoli, but was defeated by AAP leader Prakash in last Assembly elections.  They are hoping to translate their father's image as a veteran SC leader into votes.
Sources in the BJP said that party would field Lovely from Deoli as it does not have a prominent face from that seat.
Lovely's father Buta Singh, who served as the Union agriculture minister in the Rajiv Gandhi cabinet at the Centre between 1984 and 1986, was elected to Lok Sabha eight times between 1962 and 2004. They were the home minister between 1986 and 1989.
According to the BJP, Lovely has worked within the SC community and with this, they will strengthen the party.
“I was impressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi under whose leadership country is progressing well,” Lovely said.
“With the joining of Lovely, it will definitely strengthen the party in the forthcoming polls. We are very confident that BJP will form a government with full majority,” Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Two AAP leaders Sandeep Dubey, an advocate and engieer Chandrakant Tyagi also joined the saffron party.
Apart from that, BJP claimed that Rashtriya Lokdal's councilor Anita Tyagi (Chhatarpur), former Congress councilor Deepak Choudhary, DPCC's secretary Shashikant Diskhit, Congress leader Gopal Pahariya were among the leaders who joined the BJP.
Attacking Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party, Sandeep Dubey said that the voice of common man is not heard in AAP that's why they have joined BJP.
Advertising
*The report published earlier carried photo of Mr. Lovely, the DPCC chief, which was later replaced.
Image caption Ashiq wants to go to school and then join the army
Most of Pakistan's street children live in the teeming, southern city of Karachi. The latest estimate of numbers comes from 2005 when the UN said between 1.2 and 1.5 million children lived on Pakistan's streets - but activists say their numbers are rising. The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan investigates.
I meet Ashiq, 10, as they are sifting through a mound of rubbish.
We are in a park in central Karachi - down the road from the mausoleum of Pakistan's founder, Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
I get money at the end of the day... and I use my earnings to buy biscuits Ashiq
This bright-eyed boy is willing to talk as they work - their slim young fingers clear a path through the dump.
Ashiq is a street child and a scavenger - they work as part of a group which operates in this area.
 They are also part of a pattern dismaying charities and social activists here, who say that the number of children on the streets is increasing by the day.
Most of them start like Ashiq who works up to seven hours a day in the blistering heat. They stop and shows me their bag of pickings from the day.
"I collect plastic bottles," they say, "and other things I can sell on to be recycled."
It earns them about 100 rupees a day ($1; 70p).
Ashiq admits it is hard work but they also say they are happy with life.
"I get money at the end of the day," they say, "and I use my earnings to buy biscuits."
They earnestly maintain that they don't take drugs - unlike many other street children. Social workers from the Azad Foundation - a charity that works with such children - confirm this.
Ashiq's eyes sparkle when I ask them what they would really like to do. "I want to play football and cricket with the other children in the park," they say softly.
"But people say we are dirty, they chase us away. It makes me feel bad."
Ashiq also says that they want to go to school: "I want to join the army when I grow up," they say.
Ashiq has only been on the streets a few weeks now. They ran away from home after being repeatedly beaten by their father. They say they are happier here as they have enough to eat and gets whatever they want - demands their poverty-stricken father could not fulfil.
Waiting for food
Deprivation is the biggest reason forcing parents to abandon such children or compelling children to leave home.
Image caption The number of children on Karachi's streets is on the rise, activists say
On the streets there is plenty to eat, as was evident when I visit Karachi's most famous Abdullah Shah Ghazi Sufi shrine.
Here restaurants financed by wealthy Pakistanis distribute free food such as chicken biryani and mutton pilau.
Most of those waiting were children - some couldn't have been older than five or six years old. Milling around with plastic bags, they jostled with grown-ups to get their share. It is a fight that they are not ready for - but have no choice because they have been thrown into it.
They appear safe here but outside on the streets great dangers await. Most of the children are picked up and recruited into gangs within a few weeks. Others are forced to become commercial sex workers.
Rana Asif - who runs the Centre for Street Children charity - puts the blame for this on the government: "Police are not providing protection to children," they say.
"But it is providing protection to criminals and abusers. They have their own interests and get financial benefit through children's activities.
"And they're getting cuts from criminal gangs. That's why police are not helping these children."
Other local charities and social activists confirm this view. They say that it is not just criminal gangs targeting these kids - jihadi groups also scour the streets looking for easy recruits.
The police themselves deny these allegations.
"There are occasional cases of some low-ranking officials being involved," a senior officer told the BBC on condition of anonymity.
"But these people are usually caught and punished."
Officially, police maintain that they don't have enough resources to provide adequate protection for the children.
There is some help out there, though - the Azad Foundation runs a centre to teach girls skills to keep them off the streets. Reading, writing and basic arithmetic are all part of the course.
Sniffing glue
Yasmin, 10, is drawing a big yellow sun when we meet them Them father is a heroin addict and forces them to wash cars and beg on the street to fund theirs habit.
Some girls their age have already been forced into prostitution. There are other cruel fates awaiting these vulnerable children.
In another park a few kilometres from where Ashiq works, a group of boys huddles together. As the call for prayers rings out, they tighten their circle. It is only when I am right next to them that I see they are sniffing at dirty clothes dipped in strong glue.
Irfan, 19, is one of the gang. They tell me that they have been on the streets since they were seven.
"I steal and take drugs, " they tell me. "When I sniff glue my mind becomes numb and I am happy all the time.
"I do want to leave the streets, but I don't think that will ever happen now."
The same pessimism is shared by the majority of street children. Because their young lives are twisted by abuse and neglect, few last as long as Irfan.
Most will die before their 18th birthday.
Last week, we ran a series of posts laying out the case for the most compelling candidates for the American League's Most Valuable Player Award (links to all of which are available here). Today, we continue with the National League MVP Award.
Note that, as with last week's posts, these are designed to make an affirmative argument for their subject and are not intended to serve as comprehensive looks at every candidate on their own. The authors tasked with writing these posts may not even believe their subject actually deserves to win, but they were brave enough to make the case anyway. The goal of these posts is to lay out the potential reasons for voters to consider a variety of candidates and to allow the readers to decide which argument is most persuasive.
Let's travel back to spring training, shall we? At that point, we projected the Dodgers to win 93 games and take the NL West crown, but we also thought Clayton Kershaw was going to stay healthy and pitch a full season. We thought the rotation behind them would consist of Alex Wood, Brett Anderson, and Scott Kazmir, with Brandon McCarthy and Hyun-Jin Ryu coming back in May or June to provide depth. We thought Andre Ethier and Yasiel Puig would man the corner-outfield spots, with Carl Crawford and Scott Van Slyke serving as the reserves. We thought Chris Hatcher and Yimi Garcia would be effective setup guys to get the ball to Kenley Jansen.
Almost nothing has gone the way the Dodgers expected. Their rotation was decimated by injuries, their outfield by injury and underperformance. The bullpen has been a tilt-o-wheel of guys coming up from the minors to throw some innings before heading back to the PCL. They spent the second half of the year without the best pitcher alive, and set the record for most players placed on the disabled list in a single season. And yet, here they are, two weeks from the end of the season, with a projected final record of 92-70. How on earth did they get here?
Well, it's easy to credit the team with building admirable depth, since that has been the focus of their roster construction. Guys like Justin Turner and Joc Pederson deserve recognition for holding the offense together. Julio Urias has been terrific as a part-time starter. But, in reality, there's one big reason the Dodgers are likely to win the NL West despite a historic rash of injuries, and that reason is Corey Seager.
The Dodgers' rookie shortstop was projected to be a good player this year. We had them down for +3 WAR at the start of the year, helping push the Dodgers shortstops into the top tier at the position. Instead, though, he's been a great player, and he's going to end the year around +8 WAR, proving to about 2.5 times as valuable as we expected.
It's not hard to see why Seager's been so great. They rank fifth in the NL in wRC+ at the moment, behind a third baseman, two first basemen, and a second baseman with first-base defense. Seager's hitting like a corner-infield slugger — only, you know, they play shortstop.
There's a 26-point gap between Seager and the next-best-hitting shortstop in the NL this year; there's no team in the NL getting this kind of production from their shortstops. Kris Bryant is having a great year, but there are other great third baseman. Joey Votto, Freddie Freeman, and Anthony Rizzo have made it so that you can't even really tell who the best-hitting first baseman in the NL this year has been. Sure, Daniel Murphy is similarly ahead of other second baseman, but then again, Murphy hasn't really played second base full-time this year; he's also started 17 games at first base and one game at third base, since the Nationals acknowledge their up-the-middle defense leaves a good bit to be desired.
So Seager's the only real true player at a premium position in the elite tier of NL hitters this year. And since Seager is giving the Dodgers a huge boost at a position where most teams just look for competency, he's basically the walking embodiment of value to their team.
The case for Seager having an MVP-caliber season is an easy one to make. But, of course, there can be multiple MVP-caliber players within the same league in the same season, and I'm not going to denigrate the work of Kris Bryant in Chicago. Bryant also has a great case (which will appear here on FanGraphs soon) and has hit better than Seager this year while also providing real value on the bases and in the field. But whenever it's close, as it is with Bryant and Seager, I think it's worth looking at minor factors that normally don't get discussed, to see if we can find some details that help separate the contenders.
And, in this case, I think we need to acknowledge that Bryant has benefited from their context more than Seager has. In Chicago, Bryant has hit second or third in the Cubs lineup in almost every game, and because of that, he's come up to the plate in offensive-friendly situations with some frequency. The Cubs' leadoff hitters have a .379 OBP, tops in the major leagues, so Bryant has regularly come up to the plate with men on base; 47% of their at-bats have come with a man on, in fact.
Corey Seager has also hit second most of the time, but Dodgers leadoff hitters haven't been as effective, putting up a .331 OBP this year. Thus, Seager has come to the plate with a man on base just 41% of the time. While the protection theory gets batted around a lot, the reality is that the most obvious way teammates can influence each other's performance is to get on base in front of the guy coming up; almost everyone hits better with men on than with the bases empty.
For one, pitchers have to throw from the stretch. Fielders also can't shift with men on base as easily, so the defensive alignment is less optimal. The difference isn't enormous — we're talking a league-wide gap of a 101 wRC+ with men on base versus a 99 wRC+ with the bases empty — but it's a small factor that can add up over a full season. A six-percentage-point difference in distribution of PAs means that Bryant will have gotten about 40 extra at-bats with men on relative to Seager this year, and that's 40 extra chances to hit with a higher likelihood of success, since Bryant has hit behind teammates better suited to getting on base in front of him.
That's also the reason you shouldn't care about RBI totals, of course, but since you're reading FanGraphs, we'll assume you already that Bryant's 25 extra RBIs didn't tell us anything of value. Seager has actually hit much better in their opportunities to drive in runners than Bryant has, so there's no real “run producing” argument to be made here.
When you make the slight adjustment for teammate quality, Seager has produced an offensive season very similar to that of Bryant's while playing a more demanding position. Bryant has been terrific, and he's certainly a worthy candidate as well, but they didn't have to produce in a weakened batting order while the Cubs' entire pitching staff went to go see the trainer. Both players have been excellent, but Seager has had the more difficult job, and he's risen to the occasion.
The Dodgers would be sunk if they didn't have Corey Seager. They'd be in trouble even if they had the Corey Seager we thought they'd have back in March. But instead, they've gotten Corey Seager, Most Valuable Player in the National League. And while's a mortal lock to win Rookie of the Year, they should get strong consideration for the big trophy as well.
"She said that small towns, that's the part of the country they really likes going to because that's the pro-America part of the country. You know, I just want to say to her, just very quickly: [expletive] you," Stewart said to raucous applause.
Palin addressed a North Carolina fund-raiser Thursday night saying, "We believe that the best of America is not all in Washington, D.C. We believe...that the best of America is in these small towns that we get to visit, and in these wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America, being here with all of you hardworking very patriotic, very pro-America areas of this great nation."
The comment was quickly picked up by media outlets and the Obama campaign, whose spokesperson Bill Burton asked in an e-mail to reporters, "What part of the country isn't pro-America?"
...
"I can't take it anymore...After eight years of this divisiveness, we're back to this idea that only small-town America is the real America," they said.
A 27-year-old Georgia man pleaded guilty Monday in federal court in Alexandria, Va., to engaging in a child exploitation enterprise, according to a report in the Washington Times newspaper.
Edwin “Boo” Barcus Jr. faces a minimum of 20 years and a maximum of life in prison when they are sentenced June 7.
Authorities said Barcus made their living “exploiting vulnerable young girls and luring them into prostitution.”
“Barcus saw these girls as their property — even making them get tattoos with their nickname,” U.S. Attorney Neil H. MacBride said in the newspaper report. “Thanks to the FBI, Fairfax County Police Department and the members of our Northern Virginia Human Trafficking Task Force, their operation is shut down and can no longer victimize these girls.”
Barcus led a commercial sex organization starting in 2007 that prostituted at least 23 women, including four who were 16 when Barcus began prostituting them, according to the report.
They targeted runaways or girls from broken homes.He controlled the girls using violence, drugs and alcohol, according to the newspaper. Barcus used Backpage.com and other erotic sites to advertise the girls' services and to recruit girls, according to the report.
In November Barcus was prostituting at least one juvenile in Herndon, Va., while another member of their organization was prostituting other girls in Atlanta, according to the newspaper.
In addition to Maryland and Virginia, they operated in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida, according to the newspaper.
When you want to test in a real production environment instead of using your computer as a server and for the deployment of your Node.js application you usually have to use a server like the ones available on Amazon or DigitalOcean.
This is a basic example and won't touch on how to set up DNS, SSH or reverse proxy. As an example I will deploy the sample of my last article of Node.js video streaming using DigitalOcean.
Disclaimer: I'm not being sponsored in any way, this is the service I decided to use given the price and reputation.
DigitalOcean
They make available servers in the cloud that they call droplets which have a pricing of 5$ for the lowest tier (which is more than enough for tests and small traffic websites).
When you create a droplet (server instance basically) you are billed 0.001$ when you create a droplet and for each hour the droplet exists (even when stopped).
Creating the server is as simple as:
Create an account with valid paypal/credit card here;
Choose “create droplet” where you will have to at least select the system distribution (ubuntu, fedora, Debian…) the billing plan, datacenter region and hostname (you can select environments with certain programs pre installed, this example starts from scratch);
After hitting create it shouldn't take long to have the server instance up and running, fot this example I will be using Ubuntu;
After it is deployed you will get an email with the IP, user and password of that droplet, open you terminal and type:
ssh root@[server IP]
This will prompt a (yes/no) just say yes followed by the user and password. Note that on the first time connecting you will have to give the password in the email twice followed by a new password
(current) UNIX password is the one you just typed!
And it should be on your clean server running ubuntu, you can also access it via the browser in the droplet options
To install node I usually use nvm, which allows me to switch between node version quickly so just download it with:
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.33.2/install.sh | bash
You may need to reload your bash with exec bash to run the installation of node with
nvm install 8.2.0
And with this you have a server, somewhere in the world, with Node.js available. Still no files and nothing we can do it tough…
Note: To avoid being billed when just playing around with your servers can create a snapshot of your droplet (it has a cost associated but it is usually less than if you stay with the server open 24/7) and destroy the existing droplet, when you want to come back just create a new server with the snapshot.
Transfer files
To get your project in the server you have some options like:
Filezilla — is a FTP software that allows you to access your server folders and upload/download your files to it;
Scp — using the command line you can have transfer your files by using:
scp -r [localfiles] [user@remoteServer:[destinationFolder]]
A real application of that would be:
scp -r ./video-stream-sample root@111.11.11.111:video-stream-sample
Cloning a git repo:
git clone [url]
In my case I will clone the repo of the article I introduced earlier with:
git clone https://github.com/daspinola/video-stream-sample.git
After changing any “localhost” in the code to the server IP and following the repo instructions when you try to access from any place the link “http:\\[serverIP]:3000” the sample will be working as intended!
Managing with PM2
You may ask “I want to continue to make changes without opening another instance of the server on my local computer but since node is running I can't do any more commands”.
To avoid that you can use pm2 to manage your node instances while you keep on being able to run commands, usage would be:
npm install -g pm2 (-g to set it globally so you can use it in various projects without adding the dependency)
Instead of running the node application with something like
node server.js
You instead run it with
pm2 start server.js
The result is something like this
This way you can keep managing your server while your application runs on the background.
Whenever you want to see what is running you can run pm2 list and to remove a process do pm2 kill . You can find what is available of PM2 here.
You should also configure
As stated before this is just an introduction to how to setup your application in a remote server instead of your own computer, DigitalOcean sends you an email with security stuff you should also configure and to send to production you shouldn't leave the IP exposed so a DNS and reverse proxy and surely mandatory to avoid problems. Some of the configurations would be:
SSH key, more secure and you don't have to introduce the password in every connection (check it here);
DNS to have a domain to access instead of the IP (check it here);
Reverse proxy with nginx.
Conclusion
Hopefully this will help in the deployment of your applications making you a step closer to shipment. Already using another service or would like an example of the last steps that where refer but didn't talk about let me now!
Professor Shinobu Ishigaki lies next to a dinosaur print in the Gobi Desert. (Courtesy of Shinobu Ishigaki/Okayama University of Science)
You know what they say about dinosaurs with big feet? They left big holes.
Some of the largest footprints known to science were made 70 million to 90 million years ago, when a type of dinosaur believed to be a titanosaur galumphed across the muck in central Asia. A few of these mud tracks filled with sand and silt, which hardened like plaster. Long after the titanosaur died off, the casts in the sand remained. We know about these big feet because a Mongolian paleontologist discovered a few of them in the Gobi Desert in August.
And what a titanic foot the dinosaur must have had. One of the most detailed tracks was a convex mound 42 inches in length, with impressions of the animal's massive nails. By U.S. shoe standards, it would stretch its sneakers to a size 104. (The world's largest human feet max out at about 15 inches, about a size 23 or 25.) The print was also much wider than any human foot, at 30 inches across.
“The footprint is one of the biggest known footprints in the world,” said Shinobu Ishigaki, a researcher at the Okayama University of Science in Japan and a member of the joint Mongolian-Japanese expedition to the Gobi, in an email to The Washington Post. The researchers announced their discovery of the footprint, roughly the size of a popular Ikea kitchen table, on Friday in Japan.
[Scientists claim world's largest dinosaur find]
In Morocco and France, paleontologists have also found footprints more than a yard long. “However the Mongolian one is very well preserved,” Ishigaki said, “with three clear claw marks.” The size of the dinosaur cannot be determined easily from the footprints, but Ishigaki and their colleagues estimate it was two dozen to three dozen yards long.
An illustration of the dinosaur that may have left the footprint millions of years ago. (Okayama University of Science)
Paleontologists have been hunting for dino prints in Mongolia since 1957, when a researcher stumbled upon dozens of tracks in the cold, dry desert. As Ishigaki and their colleagues reported in the journal Geological Quarterly in 2009, the Gobi is something of a fossilized footprint mother lode: Between 1995 and 2008, the scientists found more than 20,000 preserved tracks belonging to a variety of dinosaur species.
This titanosaur print was special, as nothing quite of this scale had been found in the area before. Based on the geologic layers of nearby rock, the researchers determined the print to be from the Upper Cretaceous period, about 70 million to 90 million years old. Ishigaki and the other scientists hope that the fossil cast will shed light on the way that these massive creatures walked.
Although paleontologists have found titanosaur fossils on every continent, including Antarctica, the titanosaur remains shrouded in mystery. It is not considered to be a specific dinosaur but a sort of catchall term for a group of four-legged, long-necked herbivores.
All of the titanosaurs lived in the Cretaceous. And they were all, as a rule, giants. Dreadnoughtus, hailed as one of the biggest dinos around when its discovery was announced in 2014, may have tipped the scales at 80 tons. (That weight is debated, however.) Among the other titanosaurs were the 70-ton Argentinosaurus, and a yet unnamed dino whose model skeleton was too big to fit in one room at New York's American Museum of Natural History.
What type of titanosaur left these tracks was not yet determined, but the Mongolian desert is also known for its rich fossil beds — perhaps the sand holds even more clues about these humongous animals.
Elon Musk is considering reviewing employee salaries at SpaceX to ensure that women and men are paid fairly, the chief executive and founder said at a dinner at a private residence in Beverly Hills last Thursday.
Dubbed The Dinner for Equality and co-hosted by actor Patricia Arquette and Marc Benioff, chief executive of the software company Salesforce, the event brought together women's activists, chief executives and some Hollywood A-listers to discuss how to advance the cause for women's rights at both the policy and corporate level.
The pay gap between men and women has drawn renewed attention in the business world over the past year or so, particularly since Benioff announced publicly last year that they would audit employee salaries and then spent $3 million to correct the internal gap at Salesforce.
“It is scary for a CEO” to look at pay by gender, Benioff told attendees. You're not sure what you're going to find, they said. “It can go sideways fast.”
Early on in the evening, The Huffington Post asked Musk, who is founder and chief executive of both SpaceX and the electric car company Tesla, if he'd follow Benioff's lead and audit pay by gender at one or both of their companies. They said he'd "think about it."
When Benioff later on asked Musk about equality, they shared their thoughts: “Principles of fairness and justice are what matter,” Musk said, speaking before about 70 attendees. They emphasized that the highest paid person at SpaceX is a woman: Gwynne Shotwell, the president and chief operating officer. Musk does not take a salary at the rockets and aircraft company.
But then they went on: “I was asked tonight if we would audit pay,” Musk said. “We will do that.” Attendees applauded.
Bloomberg via Getty Images Gwynne Shotwell is the highest-paid executive at SpaceX, overall. However, CEO Musk couldn't say if men and women are paid equally at the company.
A spokesperson for SpaceX, contacted later by HuffPost, said that Musk planned to talk over the topic with Shotwell, but wouldn't answer questions about gender or pay at Tesla.
Tesla is publicly traded, with annual revenues of about $4 billion and about 10,000 employees. SpaceX, with its approximately 4,000 employees, is privately held and valued at around $10 billion.
Neither company releases information on its gender or racial makeup, as has become standard at many tech companies, including Facebook, Apple and Google.
Tesla appointed one woman to its board in 2014, after getting called out for its all-male leadership team and directors.
“Diversity is one of the many factors we consider when hiring and recruiting, and we are fortunate to benefit from a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives, and ideas from our employees,” the company said in a statement to Fortune at the time. “This diversity will remain a key feature of work life at Tesla going forward.”
Mike Windle via Getty Images Salesforce chief executive Marc Benioff talking about equality last week in Beverly Hills, Calif.
Women are paid less than men, on average, at all levels in the Unites States, making 79 cents for every dollar a man makes, according to Census data. Women of color make even less, as compared to the wages of white men. If you drill down into those numbers, and control for things like education and time spent in the workplace, the gap does narrow but not entirely.
There's a chunk of the gap that can probably only be explained by gender discrimination, Cornell economist Francine Blau told HuffPost earlier this year.
Companies don't often talk publicly about gender and pay, but 20 percent of human resource managers recently surveyed by CareerBuilder said that men were paid more than women at their organization. Learning more could help grow understanding of what causes pay discrepancies and help lead the way in eradicating them.
Intel's chief executive, Brian Krzanich, said that this year, for the first time, the tech company had no pay gap between men and women. “We've made progress,” they told HuffPost. Microsoft, Pinterest and Redfin also recently audited pay and gender at their firms.
There's increasing pressure on companies to release or at least look at this information -- and not just from Salesforce's CEO.
The White House announced last month that it plans to start collecting pay data for women and minorities at big U.S. companies. That data would not be made public.
The Securities and Exchange Commission meanwhile, has been asked to require public companies to disclose gender pay ratios for all to see. Disclosure would likely force companies to take action to fix inequities, Julie Gorte, an executive at Pax World Management, an investing fund that's asked the SEC to look at gender and pay, told HuffPost.
SM Entertainment and LINE‘s co-produced and popular mini-web drama EXO Next Door will be made into a film!
The drama follows four EXO boys attempting to keep a low profile and moves in next door to Ji Yeon Hee, who is actually a childhood friend of Chanyeol but doesn't recognize them
The 16-episode mini-drama has proven to be very popular, recording over 10 million views with only 12 episodes aired so far, a record for a web drama.
Due to its popularity, the web drama will be cut and pieced into an official film. This was revealed by CJ Entertainment at the most recent 68th Annual Cannes Film Festival on May 13th in Southern France.
The overseas sales team stated that they had received non-stop requests for the program from overseas buyers due to its large scaled popularity and because EXO members were starring in it. Though EXO Next Door will be prepped into a film edition, South Korea will see it screened in theaters and will instead be available through IPTV.
Currently, the screening date nor theater locations for the film edition of EXO Next Door has not been announced.
Source: Sports Korea
NEW BRAUNFELS, Texas — The gunman suspected of opening fire at this town's First Baptist Church Sunday was a former U.S. Air Force airman who had a string of legal troubles beginning in at least 2012, when they were court-martialed and sentenced to a year in military prison for assaulting their wife and child.
Devin Patrick Kelley, 26, killed more than two dozen people before fleeing the scene and apparently taking their own life, authorities said. Police said Monday morning that the shooting followed a “domestic situation” and that at least one of their relatives attended the church they targeted.
While authorities offered no specific motive, the details help fill in the patchwork profile emerging of Kelley in the aftermath of the country's most recent deadly mass shooting.
Devin Patrick Kelley. (Texas Department of Safety/Handout via Reuters)
Kelley enlisted in 2010 and served as a logistical readiness airman at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico, Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek told The Washington Post. Court records in nearby Alamogordo, N.M., show that in October 2012, Tessa K. Kelley filed for divorce against Devin P. Kelley. The case appears to have concluded in a matter of days, with a settlement recorded the same day as the initial filing. There are no children listed in the proceedings.
Following their prison sentence, Kelley was reduced in rank and released from the military with a bad conduct discharge in 2014.
[Investigators hunt for motive in Texas church shooting as the grieving spans generations]
Earlier that year, they were charged with a misdemeanor count of mistreatment, neglect or cruelty to animals in El Paso County, Colo., where they lived at one point, records show.
On Aug. 1, 2014, sheriff's deputies responded to a call of a man who was punching a dog, police records show. Four witnesses told deputies that they saw a man matching Kelley's description yelling at and chasing a white and brown Husky.
“The suspect then started beating on the dog with both fists, punching it in the head and chest,” a deputy wrote in the incident report. “He could hear the suspect yelling at the dog and while they were striking it, the dog was yelping and whining. The suspect then picked up the dog by the neck into the air and threw it onto the ground and then drug them away to lot 60.”
Kelley was charged with animal cruelty and the dog was transferred to the Humane Society for a full medical evaluation.
Records indicate that Kelley lived for some period on a property valued at about $800,000 owned by their parents in New Braunfels, Tex., a rural suburb of San Antonio about 35 miles north of Sutherland Springs. The secluded home sits on 28 acres of wooded farmland, separated from the nearest main road by a long private driveway.
Neighbors told local media that Kelley lived in a barn in back of the 3,700-square-foot home with their current wife and 2-year-old son. They said the family had lived there for more than a decade.
Dave Ivey, who identified themselves as Kelley's uncle, apologized to the shooting victims in an interview with NBC News.
“I never in a million years could have believed Devin could be capable of this kind of thing,” Ivey said. “My family will suffer because of their coward actions.”
Cars lined the highway outside the house at 2825 FM 2722 on Monday morning. A Comal County sheriff's truck blocked the property's gate, which was adorned with a “Beware of dog,” sign.
Doug, who lives across the street and declined to give their last name, said they didn't get to know the family at all, in the 11 years they lived on the road.
“The only time I see them is when they're going out and they don't even look my way,” they said. They said they didn't recognize the shooter.
They said they regularly heard gunshots coming from the property across the street but thought little of it. The noise used to shake their two small dogs, Scholtz and Gretchen, they said.
Mark Moravitz, who lives across the street from the Kelley family, also said they frequently heard gunfire coming from the property, often around 10 or 11 p.m.
“We hear a lot of gunfire a lot,” they told KSAT, “but we're out in the country.”
Reached by phone Sunday night, several other neighbors told The Washington Post that they didn't know the Kelley family but noted that several ranches in the area allow hunting. The sound of gunshots isn't unusual, they said.
[The other deadly church shooting in America on Sunday]
Moravitz told local media that the Kelley family traveled frequently, so they would house sit for them. They described Kelley as a “regular guy” and said it was “shocking” to hear about the shooting. “You never think your neighbor is capable of something like that,” they said. “If they did that, that kind of worries you, thinking we've been living next door to the guy.”
Other neighbors told KENS 5 that they would sometimes see couches, bicycles, lawn mowers and other household items along the street in front of the property, placed there as if they were free for the taking.
Officials described the shooter's weapon as a Ruger AR-556, an assault-style rifle similar to those used by the military. CNN, citing a law enforcement individual, reported that Kelley purchased the weapon in April 2016 from an Academy Sports & Outdoors store in San Antonio.
A Facebook page bearing Kelley's name showed a photo of a Ruger assault-style rifle. The page was taken down at some point on Sunday. The Los Angeles Times reported that in recent months Kelley had started adding strangers from the Sutherland Springs area as Facebook friends and picking fights with them.
Johnathan Castillo told the Times that they accepted Kelley's friend request a couple months ago, but deleted it soon after. Castillo said of Kelley: “It's like they went looking for it, you know what I mean?”
Attempts to reach members of Kelley's immediate family were unsuccessful late Sunday night.
During the evening, Texas Rangers and a K-9 vehicle were staked out in front of the family's house, according to local media. Deputies were reportedly guarding the entrance to the home.
Hawkins and Tate reported from Washington. Joel Achenbach in New Braunfels and Sandhya Somashekhar, Wesley Lowery, Alex Horton and Travis Andrews in Washington contributed to this story.
1 of 56 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The scene after a shooting in a Texas church View Photos At least two dozen people are reported dead after a shooting at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Tex., near San Antonio. The gunman was found dead several miles away, officials say. Caption At least two dozen people are reported dead after a shooting at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Tex., near San Antonio. The gunman was found dead several miles away, officials say. Carolyn Van Houten Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
More on the Texas shooting:
An unlikely hero describes gun battle and 95 mph chases with Texas shooting suspect
Texas shooting: Death sweeps across 3 generations of a single family gathered at church
Investigators hunt for motive in Texas church shooting as the grieving spans generations
CBS News has responded to a controversial edit of a Charlie Rose interview with former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE that did cut out their comment that Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE "frequently" fainted in the past.
ADVERTISEMENT
"The clip in question from former President Clinton's interview with Charlie Rose ran in its entirety on CBS THIS MORNING, CBSNews.com and on CBSN, CBS News' 24/7 digital streaming news service," the network said in a statement.
"One clip that ran on CBS Evening News was edited purely for time while on deadline for the live broadcast."
The former president sat down with Rose on late Monday afternoon to try to clear the air regarding their wife's health, after they nearly collapsed while getting into a van after leaving a 9/11 memorial ceremony early on Sunday.
Rose asked the former president if Clinton suffered from mere dehydration or if their condition was something more serious.
"Well, if it is, then it's a mystery to me and all of their doctors," Bill Clinton said. "Frequently — well, not frequently, rarely, on more than one occasion, over the last many, many years, the same sort of thing's happened to them when they got severely dehydrated, and she's worked like a demon, as you know, as secretary of State, as a senator and in the year since."
CBS News said the edit was made because of time constraints. It takes 1.9 seconds for Bill Clinton to say "frequently -- not frequently.”
No other edits appear to have be made to the two versions of the interview mentioned in the CBS statement.
The discrepancy also extends to the transcripts.
The Hill checked the one provided to this publication on Monday of the Clinton interview, and the word "frequently" was missing.
However, the "CBS This Morning" transcript does include the "frequently" portion of Bill Clinton's comment.
In a follow up, CBS News would not comment on the record regarding the different transcripts.
Hillary Clinton is still recovering from pneumonia, but is expected to rejoin the campaign trail later this week.
Despite tending some of the poorest flocks, pastors at large churches across the American South are among North America's highest paid, a new survey shows.
The study, conducted by a Dallas-based church think tank called Leadership Network, surveyed a total of 727 churches in North America with attendance ranging from 1,000 to more than 30,000. The number of institutions surveyed was more than twice the number of previous studies. A Houston-area firm that conducts searches for church executives, known as Vanderbloemen Search Group, also helped with the polling.
The study found that congregations in the South tend to pay their top pastors at these so-called megachurches more when compared to similar-sized churches in other regions. That is despite reports from the Department of Labor Bureau of Statistics that show wages in many Southern states, particularly in the Deep South, lag behind the U.S. annual wage of $49,084.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Northeastern churches are the second-highest paying according to the study. They are followed by churches in the West and Midwest. Canadian megachurches are the lowest paying in North America, the survey found.
Here is a graph depicting pastor salary factors, courtesy of the Leadership Network:
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Warren Bird, the research director at Leadership Network, said that pastors have historically held a more revered place of authority in Southern communities and that could be one explanation for the higher salaries. The study found that 14 percent of churches have a built-in bonus structure for their top leader; providing incentive to find ways to spur giving. It also found that salaries tended to correlate with the size of the congregation, as one would suspect.
“Bigger means more employees, more volunteers, more moving parts and a greater scope of leadership required,” Bird told the Huffington Post. “That reality usually leads to more compensation across a host of organizations.”
The study did not disclose specific salary data for each pastor, although similar studies from Leadership Network have in the past.
That is a touchy subject. Bird made the decision in 2012 to stop releasing such information after releasing salary data in a 2010 study.
“Deciding what to release was a difficult decision,” Bird told the Christian Post at the time. “We were mostly guided by trying to give people helpful numbers.”
“Media reports tended to pick up the outliers, especially the very highest salary,” they added.
But they note in remarks regarding the new study that congregations are often kept in the dark about what their top pastors are getting paid, despite receiving some sort of annual financial report.
“It is extremely rare that the entire congregation will be privy to specific salaries,” they said.
Sources: Huffington Post, Christian Post
Photo Source: Leadership Network, Wikipedia
undefined
Roy Hodgson was thinking like a coach when they wrote down the name of Javier Mascherano as their No1 pick for this year's Ballon d'Or. And the many who derided their choice – including former players in the media as well as journalists and fans – are, to sanitise a phrase used in similar circumstances by Sir Alex Ferguson, all idiots.
More specifically, Hodgson was thinking like the man who is paid to coach the England team. So they aren't out to lavish their votes on glamour boys such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Leo Messi, who once again claimed the top two positions. Instead they voted for those who, out of all the players in the world, would make the biggest difference to their own team: Mascherano, followed by Philipp Lahm and Manuel Neuer.
These are not men who dismantle defences to score the sort of goals you can look at over and over again. They are the ones who stop that happening, so that the Ronaldos and Messis in their own team can do their stuff. The annual choice of the voters, 544 football professionals around the world, consistently fails to recognise that the game is made up of more than one dimension. Although Neuer made it to the final three this year, there was never a chance that the man who imbued their Germany team-mates with the sense of security that allowed them to win the World Cup last summer would prevail over a losing finalist and a man whose team did not make it past the group stage.
If I were the Football Association, their employers, or an England fan, I would be delighted by this evidence of Hodgson's secure sense of priorities, and that they can see beyond the absurd scoring statistics compiled by the two best forwards in the chronically unbalanced Spanish first division.  They are a thoughtful man who takes their responsibilities seriously, including the task of voting in the Ballon d'Or poll. And look where it got him.
One incident this week exemplified the sort of difficulties faced by the England manager. The Premier League clubs managed to block their little plan – unwisely leaked to the media a few weeks ago – for a dinner with their squad to break the long gap between their last match, against Slovenia on 15 November, and their next one, against Lithuania on 27 March.
Four months of inactivity must seem interminable for a manager more used to the day-to-day activity of club football. It seems wholly reasonable that they would want to gather their players together, to help them build and retain a sense of teamship.
The humorist Giles Smith used their Times column to predict the gradual demise of the scheme as the players pulled out one by one, presenting a variety of flimsy excuses and ultimately leaving Hodgson to dine all alone. But Smith was too cautious. The get-together was nixed with a single announcement that failed to disguise the contempt of those who made the decision to withdraw the players' co-operation.
A disappointed Hodgson will not allow themselves to be deflected from the job of making tactical and selectorial plans for Euro 2016, and their choice of Mascherano can be taken as an indication of what they believe England are missing.
In most of today's best teams, the defensive midfield player – or whatever you want to call them – is the key position around which the rest are assembled. If Mascherano plays at centre-back for Barcelona, that is because the club have a decent alternative in their usual position and are short of authoritative central defenders who can also distribute the ball. But they continue to play at the base of midfield for Argentina, and it was there that they gave one of the outstanding individual performances of the World Cup when Holland were stifled in the semi-final.
It was not Mascherano's fault that their country so narrowly lost the final. They had built the platform. The forwards, including Messi, failed to exploit it (although had Ángel di María not succumbed to injury, Argentina might well have won and we would not now be lavishing quite so much praise on German football).
Mascherano's attributes, like those of Claude Makelele, are different from those of Messi and Ronaldo, but just as difficult to acquire and perhaps even harder to maintain season after season. They include perception, anticipation, unselfishness, courage, physical tenacity and a shrewd appreciation of how far the rules of the game can be stretched. Such a player, like Makelele at Real Madrid and Chelsea, might never bring the crowd to their feet, but they will earn the profound respect and gratitude of their team-mates.
They will also be awfully hard to replace, as Liverpool discovered after Mascherano's departure for Barcelona. The difference between the Anfield club's results this season, before and after the decision to recall Lucas Leiva, as my colleague Andy Hunter pointed outon Friday, emphasises the point. At Stamford Bridge, a wholly convincing solution to Makelele's exit in the summer of 2008 did not emerge until the return of Nemanja Matic in January 2014. Arsenal have never recovered from discarding Gilberto Silva seven years ago. And Ferguson's worst gift to their successors at Manchester United was the decision to let Paul Pogba go.
The English league once specialised in breeding the predecessor of the species: the midfield destroyer, incarnated by Nobby Stiles, Peter Storey and Norman Hunter. No longer. The young talents finding their way into Hodgson's midfield division tend to come primarily equipped for the more creative tasks, like Adam Lallana and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain among the present bunch, or such potential future stars as James Ward-Prowse and Patrick Roberts.
Making a player adapt to the job seldom works, particularly at international level. Steven Gerrard was uncomfortable in a primarily defensive role. Jack Wilshere looks effective there only when facing inferior opposition. Of those who did appear to fit the specification, Fabrice Muamba's career sadly came to a premature halt while others – such as Jack Rodwell, whose progress has been handicapped by injuries, and Nathaniel Chalobah – have failed to train on.
If there is any vision among the FA coaches at St George's Park, they will be identifying such players and devising a special course to develop the skills in question. The unhelpful attitude of the Premier League clubs, who tend to fill those gaps by looking to places such as Serbia, Holland and the Ivory Coast, won't change. But at least we know, thanks to their willingness not to follow the Ballon d'Or herd, that Roy Hodgson gets the point.
CAD
CAD at Your Fingertips
7 Jun, 2012
Handheld devices and a rapidly expanding selection of apps are usurping laptops for access to data from virtually any location.
In the 1960s, Intel cofounder Gordon Moore predicted that the number of transistors incorporated in a chip would approximately double every 24 months. Over time, what's become known as Moore's Law has been revised to double computer chip capacity every 18 months and expanded to apply to technologies such as CAD. This rapid growth of chip capacity is the force behind the increasingly powerful hardware and software we have at our fingertips today.
During the past decade, these technological improvements have spurred tremendous changes in the way design professionals work. No longer is the traditional design–bid–build progression relevant for most AEC projects. Integrated project delivery (IPD) and building information modeling (BIM) have introduced new processes for design teams along with new software. Technologies that were considered optional when they were introduced — such as 3D design, BIM, geospatial information systems and mapping, and wireless printing — are now a critical part of today's integrated design processes. Many clients have come to expect the benefits of these technologies as well, from the cost and time efficiencies gained through BIM and IPD to photorealistic design renderings and even animated presentations.
The latest step in this evolution has been to take these tools on the road, enabling design files to be accessed, modified, and shared from virtually any location using a tablet or smartphone. True to Moore's Law, new mobile apps are arriving on the scene with increasing frequency, each one more powerful than the last. Welcome to the world of mobile CAD.
A contractor views CAD drawings of a project on AutoCAD WS, and is able to make real-time edits and markups to share with team members in other locations. Image courtesy of Autodesk.
What Is Mobile CAD?
You might be wondering what all the fuss is about. In a sense, CAD has been mobile for a long time. After all, laptops are mobile by definition, and file-sharing technologies such as Citrix mean CAD users are no longer bound to their offices. But laptops can be cumbersome, they require a Wi-Fi network to connect with others — and they only offer flexibility in where you work, not how.
All that has changed over the past two years thanks to the explosion in popularity of handheld devices and the growing number of CAD apps that run on them. (For a sampling of available apps, see "iOS and Android Apps for Mobile CAD Users.") These applications are being developed by established software companies including Autodesk, Bentley Systems, Newforma, Dassault Systèmes, and Robert McNeel and Associates, as well as newer, niche companies such as CadFaster, Simulation Lab Software, and Maide that are filling market needs left unmet by the larger providers. What was recently a nascent trend is quickly becoming mainstream. In fact, a report on cloud trends by research firm IDC predicted that 46% of all professionals will be mobile-only by 2014 (according to Steve Blum, Autodesk senior vice-president of worldwide sales and services, in a presentation to the media in late 2011).
Mobile CAD goes where work needs to be done. This field worker is using Bentley's iPad apps on site. Image courtesy of Bentley Systems.
A Bit about the Cloud
Cloud technology is the enabling force that's allowing CAD users to become mobile-only. Shanna Tellerman, product line manager for Autodesk Cloud Services and Applications, explains, "The cloud streamlines information and allows people to manage large volumes of data."
The complex nature of the design and construction process means many different people are responsible for particular pieces of a given project, and keeping everyone up-to-date is a huge challenge. The ideal solution has yet to emerge, Tellerman says, but that's changing.
"The promise of the cloud is actually providing a single source of data — or a 'single source of truth' — that all of the collaborators are referring back to," Tellerman states. "As new pieces of information are added, it's automatically updated in the model that's living in the cloud. That single source of truth is what everybody is referring to [throughout the design process]." The collaborative nature of the cloud is what makes mobile feasible for multi-user projects. Without the cloud, project versioning and data synchronization problems can undermine success.
Data security, however, is a big concern for design and engineering firms considering cloud-based CAD services. Fears about protecting designs and other intellectual property give pause to professionals in AEC as well as manufacturing, but Tellerman believes that as cloud adoption grows organically, its acceptance as a secure option also will increase. They predict that users quickly will become more comfortable saving proprietary design data in the cloud, just as we've become accustomed to file-sharing on Box, a popular cloud service, and online banking, which saves the most critical personal data in the cloud.
Huw Roberts, global marketing director for Bentley Systems, believes that the best solution for most building and infrastructure design projects at this point in time is to use a hybrid file storage environment. "There's some information that you definitely want to keep locked tight behind your firewall, so there's no access to it, and there's some information that you want as open and public as possible," Roberts explains. As cloud technology and mobile CAD continue to push into mainstream AEC practices, they believe that firms will want to use a combination of local area networks (LANs), Internet services, and cloud hosting to protect and share data, while retaining the ability to easily move that information around.
Projects that are in the early stages of design still may be very private and internal, Roberts says, but as they come under review, they will move out to larger audiences and, in some cases, public review. "That hybrid envi- ronment of cloud, server, local computer, and mobile device is the foreseeable future for everybody," they believe.
Why an iPad? A Civil Engineer's Perspective
For Kris McDonald, a civil engineering technician with Hall Engineering Company in Centerville, Iowa, the benefit of working on a mobile device is, hands-down, its ease of use. Their mobile app of choice is AutoCAD WS from Autodesk, which lets users open and edit DWG files via an iOS or Android device or via a web browser from any computer, manage and edit drawing files, plot to PDF or DWF, and share those drawings with others.
Before the introduction of AutoCAD WS, McDonald relied on their HP50 calculator and a data collector for doing field calculations. "I was looking for an opportunity to speed up the process of doing math in the field," they explain. Instead of "having to save points and come back into the office, open up CAD, and do a bunch of linework," McDonald now can gather data in the field and use their iPad on location to directly upload that data to the original file.
"Surveying requires quite a bit of walking [and] sometimes finding concrete monuments or different section corners throughout a mile or two of land," they say. "Using my iPad, I can pull up that information right in the field and it gives me benchmarks on where existing stuff is, and I can measure how far to go to look for other section corners and other convenient opportunities like that."
Kris McDonald of Hall Engineering Company creates architectural drawings such as this using only AutoCAD WS for iPad. They draft live and on site, using an EDM surveying transit to shoot points at various locations within the building, then importing them into the WS drawing. From there, they add all linework within the app. Image courtesy of Autodesk.
In the past, McDonald tried using a laptop in the field. It worked "fine," they say, but it wasn't ideal. In the end, using the laptop required that they return first to their truck to record the bulk of the calculations, then to their office to upload and reconcile the data to the file — duplicating effort and creating opportunities for mistakes. Now, before they head out to a job site, McDonald downloads the most recent survey information into AutoCAD WS. Once on site, they can access and update the information quickly and easily, and because he's recording the calculations in real time, there are fewer opportunities for data to become corrupted.
"Just carrying my iPad — whipping that out and doing some linework — is far more practical than trying to lug a laptop someplace," they say. McDonald also appreciates that because they can access their project files via the iPad, they are spared the hassle of carrying D-size plan sets to the site.
In addition to AutoCAD WS, McDonald relies on mobile applications such as iGIS, which lets users create and export spatial data and embed it in a Google Maps background; Box or Dropbox for file sharing; GoodReader for PDF viewing; and remote-access apps such as LogMeIn.
One of the biggest surprises for McDonald in transitioning to mobile CAD was how simple it was to begin using the applications. Creating an account, uploading drawings to the app, and accessing them on a mobile device is extremely simple, they say. "It doesn't take a bunch of complex finagling to get it to work. It's been a very simple implementation."
"The real advantage to AutoCAD WS right now for civil projects is when you're done with the project [preliminaries], you can upload a whole plan set to your iPad. ... You can make all of your as-built corrections or field notes right within the drawing and it's automatically saved to the cloud," states McDonald. "You can go back to the office and print out the final set when the project's complete. Right now, where the framework of AutoCAD WS is, that's the most advantageous part."
Architects Weigh In
For architect William Campo and BIM Manager David Light, both based in HOK's London office, the benefits of using mobile devices for CAD work are threefold: great accessibility, coordination, and presentation capabilities.
Campo, a project coordinator, uses Autodesk's Design Review Mobile for viewing and redlining 2D and 3D DWF files. They can zoom, pan, and rotate drawings — which clients appreciate — plus insert text and comments in the design. They also are interested in exploring Bentley's Navigator app for 3D viewing and editing, and ProjectWise for content management and collaboration.
With Bentley's Navigator for iPad app, designers can review design models on the job site. Image courtesy of Bentley Systems.
UPDATE: It's officially official. Haley has been confirmed by a Senate vote of 96-4. Votes against Haley were cast by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM0, Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM), and Sen. Chris Coons (D-DE).
BREAKING: Senate votes convincingly to confirm President Donald Trump's pick of South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley for UN ambassador. — The Associated Press (@AP) January 24, 2017
---Original Post---
Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley (R) has been confirmed as the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Haley was confirmed with an "overwhelming" vote.
BREAKING: Senate Foreign Relations Committee votes overwhelmingly to approve Nikki Haley as US ambassador to the United Nations. — AP Politics (@AP_Politics) January 24, 2017
During their confirmation hearing, Haley pledged to support Israel in the U.N. and to stand up for America's best interests.
There's a leaderboard and you get points based on how well you do in each war. We get ranked weekly based on how we did. We came in top 20 in the world last year (#13, to be exact) and that was after 2 diamond wars that we didn't play in... let's improve on that.
They are shorter (2 x 4-hour sessions) The wars are for 4 hours per day, so expect to grind for most if not all that time. The leaders typically create parties prior so if you are going to be late, or can't make it, you need to let them know ASAP. Be on time, be early, and don't let your teammates down.
They have a start and stop time Unlike Bronze–Platinum Wars, there is a break in between sessions. Each node starts off with a "neutral" party holding it, so everyone is working to bring down the shield. After you bring down the shield, then whoever wins the designated amount of wins gets the node, but it's fast because you have 5-6 teams all hammering a node. One thing to note is that you want to HOLD nodes at the end of the day because you get HOLD bonuses for each node that you hold... so defends are sometimes needed.
They are much faster and need great coordination As previously mentioned, if you have 5-6 clans all hitting the same node, it's going to go down fast and quick. Have classes set up for EVERYTHING — Hardcore, S&D, Domination, etc. We don't have time for people to sit and make classes. Listen to the leadership and communicate — they tell you to hit CTF, hit it. They tell you to leave a game and play HCDOM, do it. Party up with who you're to party up with.
This month, Eaglemoss is launching the Batman Automobilia Collector's Club. The club's collection will include over seventy-five different die-cast models from comics, movies, television, and animation. Each of the models is presented in a collector's case with a lenticular backdrop recreating a specific scene. The models also come with a Collector's magazine that includes a cutaway poster, as well as articles that explore its place in history.
This collection features dozens of Batmobiles that have never been produced as models before, including classic comic book versions from seventy-five years of comics right up to Batman Zero Year and beyond.
Club members will receive two Batmobiles every month for only $19.95 each, plus $1.95 for postage.
To find out more and to learn about a special introductory offer, visit www.batman-cars.com.
Why does my wife seem to always find fault with our children's school and routinely insist on changing them? Why do my kids' teachers look at me like I'm a serial killer when I attend parent teacher conferences? Maybe it's all in my head, but why does it seem like my ex is deliberately trying to sabotage our children's education? Why does my girlfriend insist on treating our pre-teen kids like they're still babies?
Why does my wife feed our kids a steady diet of junk food? Do they want them to be obese? Why does my wife seem to take pleasure in telling me when our daughter misbehaves and gloat when I punish our daughter or become angry when they don't think I'm being tough enough on our daughter? My ex allows our 12-year old daughter to sleep in the same bed with them Is this healthy?
My husband's ex-wife still hasn't potty trained their son and puts them in pull-up diapers. He's 14-years old. What the hell is going on? They don't soil themselves when they stay with us. My ex seems to get mad when I spend time with our kids and take them places or buy them little gifts or new school clothes. They act as if she's jealous of them. Is this possible?
Many men and women in my practice have made the above observations and asked the above questions. The subject of maternal sabotage is also one of the many common themes on the Shrink4Men Forum. It can be difficult to wrap one's mind around this topic. What kind of mother would deliberately try to sabotage their child's intellectual, emotional, psychological, physical and moral development?
A bad one.
That's a simplistic answer, but an accurate one. Sabotaging one's own children is frequently a common trait of abusive personality disordered women and men specifically, borderline (BPD), narcissistic (NPD), histrionic (HPD), and dependent (DPD) personality disordered parents.
The cognitive dissonance this subject creates cannot be underestimated. Most parents want the best for their children. Good parents want to provide the best education possible for their kids and will move school districts, participate in lotteries and pay high tuition rates in order to obtain it. Good parents want their kids to thrive and grow up to be successful, independent adults. Most parents work hard to help their children become as or more successful than they are.
Then, there's another kind of parent, oftentimes a borderline and/or narcissistic parent, who seems to deliberately sabotage their children's education and development by regularly changing schools, not providing their kids with the stability and consistency that facilitates learning and good school performance, feeding their kids a poor diet, encouraging prolonged dependence on mommy, competing with their kids for attention and a host of other supremely unhealthy behaviors. Why do many BPDs/NPDs and other personality disordered parents do this?
Common reasons BPDs/NPDs and other personality disordered parents sabotage their children's development:
1) Exposure. If and when the BPD/NPD parent has exposed their asshattery to a teacher(s), other parents, coaches and/or school administration, they may push to change the children's school. One could argue that the BPD/NPD is embarrassed, but many of them appear to be quite shameless — and relentless. More likely, their mask of super mom, single martyr mom or victim of my POS ex-husband mom has slipped and they have revealed which parent is the actual problem.
After the BPD/NPD parent has exposed their difficult nature, they will often concoct some reason why the “children” need to change schools and get a “fresh start.” Once the teachers et al know the true source of the conflict, the BPD/NPD can no longer conduct smear campaigns and blame shifting nor can they control the narrative. Oftentimes, this is the real reason behind frequent and/or multiple school changes.
2) “Winning.” During and after a divorce or break-up, the BPD/NPD wants to “win,” which typically means inflicting maximum pain on you for “abandoning” them (even if they initiate the break up). Oftentimes, this individual weaponizes shared children and engages in parental alienation. They may also try to impoverish you by using the courts to extort as much child and spousal support as possible. They equate “winning” to hurting you and taking or destroying anything or anyone you care about or love and that includes the children.
For example, a former client's ex is trying to block their eldest child from attending the best school in their area, which happens to be a free public school (grades are good enough and they won the lottery). Instead, the ex wants to keep the child in an expensive private school. Why? They manufactured some very lame reasons about it not being fair to their younger child if the older sibling is able to get a better education.
In reality, it's about the ex gouging this guy for as much money as they can. Even if they don't see a penny of it, they want them to pay and keep paying. A BPD/NPD ex often equates the amount of money, child support and assets they can extort from you with their sense of worth. Additionally, this kind of individual does not seem to have any qualms about hurting the children in order to hurt you. As you probably already know, hurting the children is often the very best way to hurt you.
3) CONTROL. The BPD/NPD is the decider. They believe they are entitled to unilateral control over the children. They often see the children as their property and you are expected to pay a Golden Uterus rental fee for the rest of your life. Even if the court awards joint decision making regarding schooling and medical issues, the BPD/NPD will typically do them best to withhold information and cut you out of all major and minor decision-making — that is until it's time to pay the bills for their unilateral decisions. You are then expected to pony up. Immediately.
Ultimately, you may be at cross-purposes with a BPD/NPD ex. If you are advocating for the children's best interests, they will be argued and push for the opposite. Why? To show you who is in control. And if the children get hurt as a result, they will blame you.
4) Children shouldn't raise children. A BPD/NPD is often described as a child in an adult's body. Emotionally and psychologically speaking, this is often true. These individuals can be incredibly immature and seem to be stuck at an early age of emotional development. Many of my clients who share a child with a BPD/NPD mother watch in amazement (and relief) as their children surpass their wives in emotional maturity, empathy and problem-solving skills.
There's a reason our society frowns upon teenage pregnancy and teenage parents. Morality and religious beliefs about premarital sex aside, the simple fact of the matter is that children have not reached the optimal emotional maturity or intellectual capacity to be parents. The same is true of parents who are children in adult bodies. Personality disordered and/or emotionally immature parents frequently parentify their children (i.e., makes the child responsible for meeting the parent's emotional and/or physical needs), which is a form of child abuse.
5) Sibling rivalry. A BPD/NPD mother is often jealous of their own children and sees them as competition for attention, love, admiration and resources. The possibility that their child may surpass their scholastically, in attractiveness, in popularity, in physical fitness, in athletic ability, etc., can be very threatening to a BPD/NPD mom. The opposite can also be true. For example, a mom who sees their child's success as a reflection of their worth and pushes their child to succeed to the point of abuse (think Tiger Mom).
Sibling rivalry for one's child can manifest in several ways. For example, your BPD/NPD wife “tattles” on the child and takes pleasure in watching you mete out punishment for misbehavior, a BPD/NPD sets up the child to get him/her into trouble, feeding the child a steady diet of fast food/junk food/processed foods to make the child fat so mom can seem skinnier and prettier in comparison (this is especially common with BPD/NPD mothers and daughters), having a scapegoat child and a “golden child” and pitting them against one another, becoming jealous when the child's father (her ex) buys them new school clothes, takes them on vacation, to concerts and other special events and making anything that happens to child, good or bad, about them
6) Bad role modeling. A BPD/NPD parent often lacks empathy, is entitled, rejects personal responsibility for their behaviors, engages in bullying and intimidation, is dishonest, has the relative morality of a small child, has chaotic and extremely dysfunctional relationships, has no sense of fair play and is completely self-obsessed. Enough said.
7) Fear of abandonment. A BPD's/NPD's fear of abandonment may take the form of infantilizing their children or one of their children. This is a particularly insidious form of abuse and, in some ways, is the opposite of child parentification. A parent who engages in infantilization is unable to tolerate their child's developmental growth toward healthy independence. Whether it is the fear of abandonment or the need to be needed, an infantilizing parent is threatened by and acts to undermine the child's age-appropriate emerging independence (Bogolub, 1984).
Benjamin D. Garber, PhD (2011) explains:
In the context of co-parental conflict, separation, or divorce, the infantilizing parent may experience the separation associated with the child's time in the other parent's care as a narcissistic injury (a loss of self) prompting depression, anger, and/or anxiety. These emotions are communicated to the child no matter the (court-ordered, therapist scripted) reassuring words that are spoken, fueling the child's resistance or refusal to return to the other parent's care. Like the parentified child, this child may feel responsible for the parent's well-being in absentia, but not in a care giving capacity. Instead, the infantilized child is at least implicitly aware that their or their continuing dependency fulfills the enmeshed parent's needs.
Oftentimes, children who are being infantilized may develop depression, anxiety, developmental delays and may even be misdiagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder. In addition to meeting a BPD/NPD mom's emotional needs, infantilizing a child to the point of debilitation can provide a BPD/NPD/HPD mom with attention (in the extreme form this could be Munchausen by Proxy), social status, money (e.g., state benefits or prolonged child support monies) and/or maintaining a connection to the father of the child post-divorce because the child has “special needs.”
I know of cases in which diagnosed and undiagnosed BPD/NPD moms allow children to regularly sleep in their beds well beyond an age that “co-sleeping” is appropriate; a mom who continues to allow their teen-aged child (who has no urological or bowel impairment) to wear pull-up diapers because it is “easier;” moms who use baby talk with their teenaged kids; moms who sabotage their children's peer relationships, which results in the kids spending more time at home so mom isn't alone; and a mom who has deliberately sabotaged their special needs adult child to the point where the adult child is in a near vegetative state in order to continue to collect state benefits for their care and is enabled by medical doctors in doing so.
The above list is by no means exhaustive. There are many other ways BPD/NPD and other personality disordered parents sabotage their children's educational, psychological, physical and moral development. The information contained in this article is just one of the reasons I cringe when I hear a client or forum member claim, “Yes, she's abusive to me, but she's a good mom.” It is my opinion that individuals with these personality disorders are constitutionally incapable of truly being good parents and this article provides a sampling of just how destructive these kinds of parents can be.
What ways have you observed your wife, girlfriend, ex or husband's ex sabotage them children?
Counseling with Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD
Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD helps individuals work through their relationship and codependency issues via telephone or Skype. They specialize in helping men and women trying to break free of an abusive relationship, cope with the stress of an abusive relationship or heal from an abusive relationship. Coaching individuals through high-conflict divorce and custody cases is also an area of expertise. They combine practical advice, emotional support and goal-oriented outcomes. Please visit the Schedule a Session page for more information.
Want to Say Goodbye to Crazy? Buy it HERE.
Citations:
Bogolub, E. (1984). Symbiotic mothers and infantilized only children: A subtype of single-parent family. Child and Adolescent
Social Work Journal, 1, 89–101.
Garber, B.D. (2011). Parental alienation and the dynamics of the enmeshed parent-child dyad: Adultification, parentification and infantilization. Family Court Review, Vol. 49, 2, 322-335.
21 December 2010 Daniel Domscheit-Berg Denies Rumor of Assange-Israeli Deals Daniel Domscheit-Berg writes [with permission to publish]: 21 December 2010 I have been notified about the general rumour a few weeks ago, and shortly after about the appearance of me as involved in those allegations. I have never spoken to anyone at syriatruth or that reporter that is making these claims, nor do I know anything about any deals JA has allegedly made with Israelis. Given what is appearing in the Scandinavian area with the involvement of Shamir and Wahlstrom I wouldn't actually expect that to happen either. In any case, this latter statement is just my personal judgement. I once received a test mail from a nizar.nayouf@syriatruth.net, and then a followup regarding OpenLeaks questions. A contact request to them after hearing of the allegations was not replied to. In the last week or so I have been contacted by Israeli TV about this, as well as French Le Point today. Those are the only media outfits so far that seem to have taken interest. Other than that it seems to be mainly spreading via weird Russian and religious forums, at least from as much as I am aware of. As I read somewhere that this alleged reporter I allegedly talked to works for Hareetz, I have asked the folks from Israeli TV if they could help find out who that is, and how to contact them They replied that there doesn't seem to be anyone by that name. So obviously, which was my gut feeling also, that person does not exist. Why that rumour is circulated, I dont know. I have my feelings about that and think we should give it some more time to uncover itself. __________ Sample of many reports of the allegation: http://beforeitsnews.com/story/308/209/WikiLeaks_Struck_a_Deal_to_Keep_Away_Anything_Damaging_to_Israel.html
After declaring bankruptcy three years ago, Nelson events promoter Dave White is back in business.
Mr White has been a controversial figure in events management in Nelson over the last 15 years, they were the manager of community centre the Artery on New Street until it closed its doors in 2002, they then went on to open music venue and bar the Phat Club on Bridge St and ran outdoor raves through the region under the name Phat Festivals.
However, business came to a halt for Mr White in February 2011 when they were declared bankrupt, they liquidated their Phat Club on Bridge St as well as Phat Festivals as their outdoor events were running at a loss especially the New Years festival Phat 11, where ticket sales dropped drastically which they put down to the Christchurch earthquake.
Mr White was cleared of their bankruptcy earlier this month and said they are now ready to take another swing at putting on events.
Next Friday will see them launch their new not-for-profit company LVE2DANCE.
With their partner Tess Siggelkow the couple aim to put on an event each month at venues around the region.
Mr White said they had learned from their mistakes in past ventures.
They said they would now focus on quality over quantity.
Mr White did not want to own or lease another venue again, and they wanted to be able to give teenagers a chance to see live music as they felt there was a lack of options for them in Nelson.
"We'll bring a range of music that's not really available, there's been a few people trying to do things over the last few years, but I think there's been a lack of new stuff coming through. People stuck to the same old bands always playing, which is why I lost money I guess, too many risks."
They said they had been through a "few waves of fresh starts" working in the entertainment industry, but was most excited about this new venture.
"I was after a total fresh start when the Artery died, it was a huge grieving process as well. To move on to something completely new is the best way to solve that, looking forward to the future rather than looking at the past."
When their companies the Phat Club and Phat Festivals folded in 2011, they said the money they had was split between the unsecured creditors, "there was not a lot but they got something, except the bank and the tax department," they said.
They said there were about 23 creditors the companies had owned money to when they folded, including companies on the West Coast, which supplied them with equipment for their outdoor events. There were also loans from individuals.
Mr White had been chased by some of the creditors up until last year, but they said many of them, including bands and overseas promoters were happy to see they were back in business.
"My crew is still completely intact, they always loved what we did and they didn't do it for the money."
Since their bankruptcy, Mr White had been involved with roller derby, did seasonal work and acted as a voluntary adviser and organiser for the Happy collective which put on about six music events over 2012 and 2013, including the recent New Years' Eve party Happy Nu Yeah up the Maitai Valley.
The launch event for LVE2DANCE would be at Club Paradox - which used to be Mr White's Phat Club.
They had organised a few events at the venue since it was taken over by Gail Little in 2012.
For the boys without dads, lessons at school on how to be a man: Mentoring scheme will teach them how to shave, money management and asking a girl out
Teachers at Chase High School in Westcliff-on-Sea have agreed to help
Boys will learn about how to treat women and how to speak to them
'Young men have a skewed view of what a relationship is like because of the easy access to pornography', headteacher says
Students also taught how to be better with money and personal hygiene
Life Skills: Victoria Overy, headteacher at Chase High school says the mentoring scheme is aimed at pupils who may not have a male role model in their lives
Boys are being taught how to behave like men at school to make up for the lack of male role models at home.
The growth of single parent families – most often without a father – means children are growing up without the steadying influence of a strong and caring man.
Many end up with a skewed view of life from friends, television or even pornography.
Headteachers are bringing in male mentoring schemes which replace the father and son chats that were once a rite of passage.
Pupils are being guided through topics such as the right way to ask a girl out, how to treat women and what it means to be a good pupil and friend.
Other practical help includes shaving tips, how to be presentable and money management.
Chase High School in Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex, is introducing a scheme from next month.
Headteacher Victoria Overy said it was mainly aimed at pupils ‘on free school meals who may not have a male role model in their life'.
‘Young men have a skewed view of what a relationship is like because of the easy access to pornography,' they added. ‘Sex education often only deals with how not to get pregnant and violent relationships. We want this scheme to teach pupils details on establishing relationships and how to end them without breaking hearts.
‘I have a school full of brilliant male role models and it would be a shame to waste that.'
Danny Chaplin, an art teacher taking part in the ‘man days', said: ‘Youngsters these days are very desensitised to the world due to computer games, TV and pornography. We need to teach them that women are not sex objects and that it is not all right to pass around pictures of them on mobile phones.
Role model scheme: Teachers at Chase High School hope it will improve boys' learning and eventually their academic results
‘The lessons will teach boys how to approach women, how to take them out and treat them properly.'
Boys will also be offered golf lessons, football tournaments, camping and survival skills to encourage team-building.
Girls at the secondary school –which was recently graded ‘inadequate' by Ofsted inspectors – will have lessons from female teachers covering money management and career aspirations.
Help: Pupils are being guided through topics such as the right way to ask a girl out, how to treat women and what it means to be a good pupil and friend
Similar schemes have been introduced at Cornelius Vermuyden School on Canvey Island, Essex, and the Lilian Baylis Technology School in Lambeth, South London.
Earlier this year a study of family breakdown warned a million children are growing up in ‘men deserts' – living without a father and rarely meeting an adult male.
In some areas, three in every four families are headed by one parent, the Centre for Social Justice said, claiming it was causing a ‘tsunami of family breakdown'.
The effects of family breakups on children are known to include poor school performance, difficulty making friends, bad behaviour, anxiety, depression and a greater chance of drug-taking or crime.
A quarter of primary schools did not have a single male teacher in 2010. Two decades ago, men made up four in ten teachers.
The shift away from education was linked to the attraction of other graduate jobs and fears of allegations of inappropriate behaviour.
But figures last month showed the number of men training to be primary school teachers has surged by nearly a third in five years.
From their office at The Prancing Horse — a high-end car and motorcycle dealership in Montreal — Steve Maman is scrolling through picture after picture of Yazidi women and girls he's helped liberate. They were held as slaves in northern Iraq by fighters with the Islamic State group.
“You relive the emotions,” Maman explains as they look through their files of dozens of women and children. “It's anger. Right now I'm getting angry. That's all it is. It builds anger. You get angry.”
In August 2014, IS militants raided villages in the Sinjar District of northern Iraq. It's an area occupied by many Yazidis – a religious minority practicing an ancient religion, pre-dating Islam.
IS considers the Yazidis heretics, and set out to purge the villages of men, and to kidnap thousands of women and children to sell as sexual and domestic slaves.
READ MORE: Canadian volunteers helping former ISIS slaves rescued by ‘Jewish Schindler'
Not long after the invasion of Sinjar, an IS video surfaced, showing a group of men laughing and joking about buying and selling Yazidi girls.
“Can you prove to them you're a man?” one of the men asks another.
Maman, a car dealer specializing in luxury vintage automobiles, saw the news coverage of the massacres across Sinjar, and says they felt they had to take action. They call their mission not a “choice” but “divine providence.” They say he's inspired by their religious beliefs, and also by Oskar Schindler, the German business person who rescued 1,200 Jews during the holocaust.
WATCH ABOVE: Montreal car dealer explains how searching for a rare car in Iraq, led to saving Yazidi women and girls from slavery by the Islamic State
“I see what's happening to these people on the news. They kill them. OK, they kill them. What can you do?” they say. “But, if you stop for a moment and imagine that ISIS was in Montreal, and we were hostage, you would be praying the most beautiful prayers that a human being could send to God that somebody come and rescue you.”
In November 2014, Maman began working to set up their organization CYCI, the Liberation of Christian and Yazidi Children of Iraq. Months later, they began to raise money online. To date, Maman's organization has raised more than $800,000 and Maman says they've rescued more than 140 women and children. Maman says the money raised goes to funding an elite security team working on the ground in Iraq.
“A lot of them were specializing in hostage negotiations, had credentials that were incredible,” they say.
PHOTO GALLERY: CYCI claims it has rescued more than a hundred women and girls from slavery in Islamic State group-held territory. CYCI rescue teams document every “liberation” by filming and photographing them and taking victim fingerprints and written testimonies. CYCI founder, Steve Maman says he's documenting the rescues so that one day, in the event the one day, perpetrators of the slavery and abuse might be brought to justice.
The team gets as close to areas controlled by IS as possible to meet operatives working inside. Those operatives negotiate with people who are holding Yazidi women and girls. Maman says the negotiators have the blessing of Iraqi ayotollahs and imams, who still hold a lot of influence over many civilians living in IS-controlled territory. The girls are freed and brought to meet the CYCI rescue team. Every “liberation”, as Maman likes to call them, is filmed and documented. Women and children are interviewed, fingerprinted and photographed. Maman keeps all documentation in their filing cabinet.
Maman, reading aloud, shares some of the stories of the women he's rescued.
“They married by force and raped me after that. I feared that there is no life and I try to kill myself but … I was not able to complete the killing of myself. Every day I was crying because I don't have another way.”
Maman has faced criticism and skepticism in their mission, some asking whether they are funding terrorists to get the women back and others whether they are actually rescuing woman and girls at all. The documentation is not just to prove themselves to their detractors, Maman is also building a record of war crimes.
READ MORE: Who are the Yazidi?
“We're doing it in order to keep this information for later on in life when Iraq is going to become a secure country again,” they say. “Those people that actually committed these crimes could face the court of law. We have their names. We know who they are. We have the location of where they lived in some cases. And those documents will be important one day because they'll be testimonies of what they did.”
Today, there are refugee camps in northern Iraq that are overflowing with Yazidi families. In recent days, IS fighters retreated from Sinjar when Kurdish and U.S. forces pushed them out. As some former residents return to the area occupied by IS for more than a year, they're finding mass graves and only beginning to take stock of the destruction. The United Nations is investigating what happened in Sinjar as a genocide.
Maman says keeping track of the devastation to the Yazidi people is a lesson taken from history and the holocaust where Jews in Nazi death camps waited six years to be saved. They say they don't want to see the same thing happen to the Yazidi women and children.
“These girls have been there for a year. A day is too much. It's been a year.”
With files from Allison Vuchnich
“The Jewish Schindler” airs Saturday, Dec. 5 at 7 p.m. on 16×9
1. Herzog Threatens To Kill Klaus Kinski, Then Himself
"I went up to him, very composed... and said 'You can't do this. The movie is more important than our personal emotions... even more important than our persons and this can't be permitted. This simply will not be!' They said: 'No, I'm leaving now.' I told them I had a rifle ... there'd be eight bullets in their head and the ninth one would be mine. They instinctively knew that this wasn't a joke anymore... they were very disciplined during the last days of shooting."
Klaus Kinski starred in 5 films directed by Werner Herzog. The first - and arguably best - collaboration was 1972's Aguirre, Wrath of God. It could have so easily been left incomplete. That is, if Herzog weren't insane. Kinski was known to routinely fly off the handle, often in reaction to the most minute of problems. One time Kinski threw a fit because some crew members and extras were loudly playing cards in a hut. They reacted the only way they knew how - by going groin-piercingly doolally. They grabbed a gun and shot three times in their direction. Miraculously, no one was killed in the incident - but an extra's finger was blown off. This did not deter Herzog from completing their film. Indeed, the only way Herzog would cease production is if both they and Kinski were killed. Seriously. According to Herzog, as documented in the excellent film My Best Fiend, Kinski suddenly lost their sh*t when the assistant camera man grinned during shooting, and legitimately attempted to abandon the project. Herzog, however, put the kibosh on that. Here's their account of the incident:We'd be disciplined too, Werner. Now go make another movie. Like this list? Let us know in the comments section below.
That's when Kim and the Korean American Forum began petitioning local governments to raise public awareness and “to pressure Japan to do the right thing.” The result was the statue, the first comfort women memorial on the West Coast, located in Glendale largely because the city had the space and willingness to host it.
But the statue's installation, decades after and thousands of miles from the war and its atrocities, was not without controversy.
The City Council of Glendale received hundreds of protest emails from Japan. A group of Japanese Americans have now filed a lawsuit to remove the statue, arguing the city government has infringed on the federal government's right to conduct foreign policy.
90-year-old Michiko Gringery, the lawsuit's lead plaintiff, says the statue ruins relations with Japan, especially for Glendale's sister city program with Higashiosaka, Japan. They say they do not understand why the statue has to be in America.
“It's between Japan and Korea war time," said Gringery. "America has nothing to do with it.”
Gringery says they were a little girl during the war, and did not even know about comfort women until the issue of the Glendale statue was raised.
"The world has to know, and be educated"
Aaron Caplan, Constitutional Law Professor at Loyola Law School in L.A., says the lawsuit will not likely hold up.
“The U.S. constitution puts the national government in charge of foreign policy, but a local government's choice of artwork for a city park does not fall within the constitution's vision of foreign policy,” Caplan said.
“The City of Glendale has the power to choose which artwork it will display on its property. If individual citizens of Glendale don't like the artwork the City has chosen, they can use the local political process to try to change it. They don't have a legal basis to force a federal judge to change it."
Even today, the historical narrative of WWII remains a sensitive, often-debated topic for the national governments of Japan, South Korea, and China.
Recently, China drew attention to Japan's military and colonial past by bringing the issue of the 1937 Nanjing Massacre before the United Nations. A Japanese panel this month confirmed the validity of a study that led to Japan's landmark 1993 apology for forcing Asian women into wartime prostitution.
Officials in South Korea and China have repeatedly criticized Japanese leaders for backpedaling from past apologies and acknowledgements of wartime atrocities.
Kim says they believe any official Japanese apology is repeatedly undermined each time an official changes or shifts language on the issue.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R) and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy testified in front of the House Oversight Committee on March 17, and things got a little heated. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R) and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy testified in front of the House Oversight Committee on March 17, and things got a little heated. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency and the governor of Michigan faced calls to resign from angry lawmakers Thursday, as a congressional oversight committee bore in on which level of government was most responsible for the contamination of Flint's water supply.
Repeatedly shouting at EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) faulted them for failing to require the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality to move more quickly after lead was discovered in the tap water of some Flint homeowners.
“If you want to do the courageous thing, like you said [former EPA Midwest region head] Susan Hedman did, you, too, should resign,” Chaffetz thundered.
When McCarthy tried to explain the limits of the EPA's power under the law, Chaffetz repeatedly cut them off. “Well it failed,” they yelled. “You failed.”
But Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R) received their own blasts of criticism, some of it sarcastic, when Democrats were asking the questions. “Plausible deniability only works when it's plausible,” Pennsylvania Rep. Matt Cartwright told Snyder as they pressed why the governor was slow to act. “You were not in a medically induced coma for a year.
“We've had enough of your false contrition and your phony apologies,” Cartwright said. “You're doing your dead level best to spread accountability. ... You need to resign, too.”
This second of two contentious hearings on lead in Flint's water followed the same pattern as the session Tuesday, with a federal official blaming the state for causing the disaster and the governor pointing the finger at the EPA for moving too slowly in its oversight role. Sharp questioning from members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee broke down mostly along partisan lines. Republicans targeted McCarthy and the EPA; Democrats slammed Snyder and the state.
But not in every case. With hundreds of people from the Flint area in attendance, Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), who's running for the Senate, told Snyder that if McCarthy should resign, they should, too.
McCarthy reviewed the state's efforts to engage the state and force a quicker response throughout the second half of 2015, saying that their agency's staff “begged” the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality to address the growing lead threat. At every turn, they said, the state agency dragged its feet in responding.
But like Hedman on Tuesday, McCarthy repeatedly declined to admit that EPA had done anything wrong. That drew several comparisons with Snyder from lawmakers, who forcefully pointed out that the governor has admitted wrongdoing.
“Were we late in getting it done? Yes,” McCarthy said. “Were there consequences to that? Yes.” But they said EPA staffers, from Hedman on down, worked “very hard” with state environmental officials to solve the crisis starting last summer and throughout the fall.
[EPA official resigns as agency intervenes in Flint water crisis]
1 of 37 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The controversial case over dangerous lead in water in a Michigan city View Photos Anger over the levels of lead in the water in Flint has led the mayor to declare a state of emergency. Caption Anger over high levels of lead in the water in Flint has led the mayor to declare a state of emergency. Jan. 25, 2016 Flint resident Angela Hickmon, 56, chants during a protest outside City Hall in downtown Flint. Jake May/The Flint Journal-MLive.com via AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In their opening testimony, McCarthy had placed blame for the Flint water crisis squarely on Michigan, saying a state-appointed emergency manager made the decision that led to the contamination and that the state bureaucracy approved it.
“The crisis we're seeing was the result of a state-appointed emergency manager deciding that the city would stop purchasing treated drinking water and instead switch to an untreated source to save money,” they told the committee as its hearing opened. “The state of Michigan approved that decision.”
McCarthy acknowledged that “in hindsight, we should not have been so trusting of the state for so long” when it assured EPA that action was taken to prevent lead from leaching into drinking water. The state's environmental quality department admitted in October that it had not ensured that corrosion control chemicals were added to the water as they should have been.
“We missed the opportunity late last summer to quickly get EPA's concerns on the public's radar screen. That I regret,” they said.
For their part, Snyder said “systemic failures” at the state's environmental protection agency led to the catastrophe. But they repeated their message that “a failure of government at all levels” resulted in the catastrophe. They also insisted that a water specialist at the federal Environmental Protection Agency was “silenced” when they tried to warn about the lead contamination in February 2015.
“I do want to thank Miguel Del Toral, a water specialist at the EPA, who spoke up early about the crisis,” Snyder said. “Tragically, their superiors at the EPA told local leaders in Flint to ignore their call for action.”
Hedman, former head of the EPA's Midwest region, repeatedly denied muzzling or retaliating against the scientist when they testified before the same panel Tuesday.
Snyder pledged to hold those responsible accountable, noting that “bureaucrats created a culture that valued technical compliance over common sense — and the result was that lead was leaching into residents' water.”
Some officials, including Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, have called on Snyder to step down. Some Flint residents want them jailed. Three recall efforts are seeking their removal, and a special prosecutor is investigating the disaster to determine whether criminal charges are warranted.
Residents' tap water was tainted when the city began using the Flint River as its source in April 2014, and state environmental officials failed to ensure that anti-corrosive chemicals were added to the supply. That caused lead to leach from aging pipes. Anyone who drank the water — including nearly 9,000 young children, the most vulnerable population — was exposed.
At Snyder's order, the city of about 95,000 people switched back to Lake Huron water in October, but unfiltered tap water is still not safe to drink.
[Did Flint's contaminated water cause deadly outbreak of disease?]
On Wednesday, the EPA released thousands of pages of emails about the Flint debacle. One suggests that McCarthy grew concerned in late September after receiving a memo from Hedman.
“Seems like the Flint lead issue is really getting concerning,” McCarthy wrote to Hedman and other agency officials on Sept. 26 as they called for a meeting on the subject. “This situation has the opportunity to get very big very quickly.”
The emails detail the EPA's efforts to work with the state Department of Environmental Quality and the city as the crisis mushroomed. In October, the emails show, the EPA began to receive requests from citizens groups and at least one lawmaker to intervene using its emergency power.
But it didn't take that action until Jan. 21, when it found that Flint's water posed “an imminent and substantial endangerment to the health” of the people drinking it. McCarthy accepted Hedman's resignation the same day.
How to set up an nginx server on a Raspberry Pi
** This article has been updated new article **
Why nginx?
Using a Raspberry Pi as webserver is a no brainer. On that list of no brainers is using the lighter-weight webserver nginx solution. The binaries circulating through apt-get though are often out of date. So we will compile our own from source.
Download the PCRE library
One of the requirements for nginx needed for http_rewrites is the PCRE library. So we will need that dependency installed first:
sudo apt-get update ; sudo apt-get install libpcre3 libpcre3-dev ;
Download the SSL library
The other requirement will be OpenSSL. In the future I plan on configuring my Raspberry Pi nginx server to use HTTPS:
sudo apt-get update ; sudo apt-get install libssl-dev ;
Get the source code
We will need to download the nginx source code. At the time of this writing the latest release is 1.9.7. You can grab the latest by navigating to the nginx download page.
cd ~ ; wget http://nginx.org/download/nginx-1.9.7.tar.gz ; tar -xvf nginx-1.9.*.tar.gz ; cd nginx* ;
We just downloaded the nginx source code, untar and changed into the directory.
nginx configuration
We should issue the ./configure command with a certain set of configuration options. You can issue a ./configure --help command to see a list of available options. We will set up bare essential here with the following ./configure command:
./configure --user = nginx --group = nginx --prefix = /etc/nginx --sbin-path = /usr/sbin/nginx --conf-path = /etc/nginx/nginx.conf --pid-path = /var/run/nginx.pid --lock-path = /var/run/nginx.lock --error-log-path = /var/log/nginx/error.log --http-log-path = /var/log/nginx/access.log --with-http_gzip_static_module --with-http_stub_status_module --with-http_ssl_module --with-pcre --with-file-aio --with-http_realip_module --without-http_scgi_module --without-http_uwsgi_module --without-http_fastcgi_module
Then we compile the source and move the files to their final locations:
make ; sudo make install ;
We then add an nginx user for the binary to run under if we ever decide to run it by it's lonesome:
sudo useradd -r nginx ;
Set up init scripts
Since we compiled from source, we don't have the luxury of some awesome upstart scripts. We will need to scrounge around for our own. I modified the upstart script I found on nginx wiki page:
cd /etc/init.d/ sudo wget https://gist.githubusercontent.com/spfaffly/0470343bc8d5e884392a/raw/c4a60c998059b866d923fbeff20cd0d82dcc15fa/nginx -O /etc/init.d/nginx ; sudo chmod +x /etc/init.d/nginx ;
We just downloaded our modified upstart script and made it executable. We should now be able to issue service commands.
Automatically start nginx on boot
This is an easy one. We just issue the following command to make sure the nginx webserver is always started on bootup:
sudo update-rc.d -f nginx defaults ;
Our first webroot
Made it this far? Well now we're at the more confusing part: setting up our web root. By default nginx puts the webroot in a weird spot. We will change this by making our own webroot and index file:
sudo mkdir /var/www/ ; sudo wget https://gist.githubusercontent.com/spfaffly/d774f87b8cf9a1837d05/raw/2223babec34cb3e1732031556549eb307024572f/index.html -O /var/www/index.html sudo chmod -R 775 /var/www/ ; sudo chgrp -R nginx /var/www/ ;
We added a more standard webroot directory, added a kickass Raspberry Pi index page and applied the appropriate permissions. Even though the daemon runs as root
Adding the webroot to the default server
We will now modify the nginx configuration file to use our new webroot directory.
sudo nano /etc/nginx/nginx.conf ;
Look for the following configuration under the http { } block:
location / { root html ; index index.html index.htm ; }
Now change that to:
location / { root /var/www/ ; index index.html index.htm ; }
We will need to reload nginx for the changes to take effect:
sudo service nginx reload ;
Viewing our webpage
So how do we access our webpage on our webserver? We will need to navigate to the IP of our Raspberry Pi. I run a quick ifconfig eth0 to find out my IP address and then navigate to it from another computer on the same network. What do I see?
Something awesome:
Have any questions?
If you run into any issues - post below and leave a question and I'll make sure to update the article for any specific use-cases!
President Obama at the White House on Oct. 17, 2013, drawing lessons from the shutdown.
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
“There are no winners here,” President Obama declared at the White House this morning. Then, with an elegant air of nonpartisanship, Obama began to fashion the shutdown into a political weapon. Here's how he's going to deploy it.
1. Economic excuse. Obama noted that before the shutdown, the economy was recovering, and the deficit was falling. The fiscal standoff changed all that: “Every analyst out there believes it slowed our growth.” Obama rattled off the damage: families going without paychecks, home buyers and small businesses unable to get loans, consumers cutting back on spending, CEOs reporting that the fiscal anxiety had “set back their plans to hire over the next six months.” Even the “threat of default,” said the president, “increased our borrowing costs, which adds to our deficit.”
Today, this litany of laments looked like simple compassion from the president. But over the next year, it can serve as an excuse. If economic growth or deficit reduction isn't where we'd like it to be, Obama can blame the shortfall on the “Republican shutdown” or the “Tea Party shutdown.” He'd be following in the footsteps of their predecessor, who spent three years after Sept. 11, 2001, blaming economic disappointment on the damage done when “the enemy hit us.”
2. Republican downgrade. Two years ago, when Standard and Poor's downgraded the government's credit rating, it cited our high deficits as well as the 2011 debt ceiling standoff. Ever since, Republicans have argued that the deficits, not the standoff, caused the downgrade. This time, we haven't been downgraded, but we've been put on a credit watch by Fitch, another ratings agency. And this time, there's no ballooning deficit. Obama wants to make that difference stick. They want the downgrade threat of 2013 to reinforce the Democrats' narrative about the downgrade of 2011. “The agency that put America's credit rating on watch the other day explicitly cited” the congressional standoff, Obama pointed out. The Fitch report, they went on, said that “our economy remains more dynamic and resilient than other advanced economies and that the only thing putting us at risk is—and I'm quoting here—‘repeated brinkmanship.' ” “That wasn't a political statement,” Obama added, politicizing the statement.
3. National security. Even after killing Osama Bin Laden, Obama is constantly accused of weakness. No matter what they do in Iran, Egypt, Libya, or Syria, the old portrait of the Democratic president as soft on foreign policy never goes away. What usually helps Democrats in this area is economics. Their devotion to American labor at the expense of free trade comes across as tough on foreigners. But the fiscal showdowns of 2011 and 2013 could add a new twist. This morning, Obama reported that U.S. diplomats have
been hearing from their counterparts internationally. Some of the same folks who pushed for the shutdown and threatened default claim their actions were needed to get America back on the right track, to make sure we're strong. But probably nothing has done more damage to America's credibility in the world, our standing with other countries, than the spectacle we've seen these past several weeks. It's encouraged our enemies. It's emboldened our competitors. And it's depressed our friends who look to us for steady leadership.
If Republicans stage another big fight over the next debt ceiling, that would be three in a row. It might facilitate a significant political development: the transformation of debt payment into a national security issue. Republicans could become the deadbeat party. Obama seems quite willing to attack them from this angle. And in framing economics as the key to American power, they have reality on theirs side.
4. The value of government. What happened in 1995 and 1996 has happened again: Closing the government has made Americans miss it. In their remarks today, Obama proposed,
One of the things that I hope all of us have learned these past few weeks is that it turns out smart, effective government is important. It matters. I think the American people, during this shutdown, had a chance to get some idea of all the things, large and small, that government does that make a difference in people's lives. You know, we hear all the time about how government is the problem. Well, it turns out we rely on it in a whole lot of ways. Not only does it keep us strong through our military and our law enforcement—it plays a vital role in caring for our seniors and our veterans, educating our kids, making sure our workers are trained for the jobs that are being created, arming our businesses with the best science and technology so they can compete with companies from other countries. It plays a key role in keeping our food and our toys and our workplaces safe. It helps folks rebuild after a storm. It conserves our natural resources. It finances startups. It helps to sell our products overseas. It provides security to our diplomats abroad. So let's work together to make government work better, instead of treating it like an enemy.
Congratulations, Tea Party. In the midst of Obamacare's glitch-ridden debut, you did the one thing that could make us love our government: You took it away and held it hostage. Don't expect any thanks from the president you helped.
In Memoriam
Two-time Olympic Medalist Joan Lind Van Blom Passes
Joan Lind Van Blom (2-seat), racing with LBRA in the 2014 HOCR
Where do you start with Joan Lind Van Blom? You could start near the beginning, when they were among the most decorated female scullers in the United States, a multiple-time national champion and one of only three US women to win two Olympic medals in the early days of women's rowing in the US, winning silver in the single in 1976, and silver again in the coxed quad in 1984 - and that even with having missed the boycotted 1980 Olympics. All told, Joan was on 11 US teams from 1972 to 1987, including two stints as a coach.
A true pioneer of women's rowing in the US, their 1976 silver was the first Olympic rowing medal ever won by an American woman. They were also one of the first four members of the Long Beach Rowing Association, where they remained a member.
Or you could start in the middle, where Joan crushed the erg (by crushed I mean they currently hold 10 World Records) and won heaps of races well into the years when a lot of us are just happy if the boat is set up, and always with an upbeat approach, even moments after a full pull (which often resulted in world record times).
Or you could start nearing the end, in the past two years after Joan was diagnosed with glioblastoma, an aggressive and incurable brain cancer. After their diagnosis and throughout their treatment, Joan and John, their husband since the 70s, showed up at rowing races, erg races, parties, rowing events, seeing visitors from all over the world, appearing in interviews where they indulged the press writing about their illness, and in regular folks' email boxes, never showing even the slightest sign of sorrow, despair, or worry. They sent us a photo from the stern of their single this past winter, which was posted as the Photo of the Day in February.
They even rallied to row in senior women's eight in the Head Of The Charles this past fall, which they and their crew won – it was Joan's six win in the eight with LBRA at the Charles (read more at Defying Odds, Smashing Records; HOCR Saturday 2014).
And then, five months later, they raced in the Crew Classic and won again.
After three weeks in hospice care, Joan Lind Van Blom passed away yesterday morning, August 28 2015. Rowing has lost a great athlete and even greater person; the rowing community will be pulling hard for Joan's friends and family, and especially for John.
Joan rowed their race out to the last stroke, still an inspiring model for us all. The US women's double will row in the Joan Lind Van Blom in Aiguebelette
The memorial service for Joan Lind Van Blom has been scheduled for October 10 at 4:00PM at Long Beach Rowing Association/Pete Archer Rowing Center, Boathouse Lane in Long Beach.
To read more about Joan, see the following:
Remember the biased ''mainstream media'' that would stop at nothing to protect the Clinton White House? Funny how you don't hear about that anymore. If there's one certain casualty of Monicagate so far, it's the notion that the likes of Newsweek, The Washington Post, The New York Times and the big three networks will suppress news out of loyalty to a supposed liberal comrade.
This was always a canard. To take just one example, it was Jeff Gerth of The Times who broke the Whitewater story six years ago this week. And it's conservative media that more often do bidding for their ideological own. The most unabashedly partisan figure among media magnates is hardly Katharine Graham or Michael Eisner -- it's our naturalized Citizen Rupert Murdoch.
Citizen Murdoch not only uses their empire to promote their allies and punish their enemies (from Bill Clinton to Ted Turner); they go so far as to put politicians on the payroll. That brilliant author Newt Gingrich was offered a $4.5 million payday from Mr. Murdoch's publishing house, HarperCollins, just as telecommunications matters financially crucial to the mogul's Fox properties were in play on Capitol Hill. Last week it was revealed by the London newspaper The Daily Telegraph that Mr. Murdoch had again misused HarperCollins, this time in a manner that even their political allies might find offensive. Yet there has been mostly silence from conservative journalists about this scandal -- even in American media properties that Mr. Murdoch doesn't own.
What Mr. Murdoch did was to see to it that HarperCollins canceled its scheduled fall publication in Britain of a memoir by Chris Patten, the last British Governor of Hong Kong. Despite a HarperCollins cover story, The Telegraph uncovered a smoking in-house memo that revealed the truth: Mr. Patten's sin had been to criticize the Government of China, whose favor Mr. Murdoch needs if they are to expand their already burgeoning TV and movie deals in the vast market it controls.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This is at least the fourth time that Mr. Murdoch has sold out the principles of an independent press to curry favor with China. They removed BBC World News from their satellite TV broadcasts to China after the Chinese complained of its coverage of dissidents; they had HarperCollins publish a propagandistic biography of Deng Xiaoping by Deng's daughter while Deng was still in power; they invested millions in a joint venture with The People's Daily, China's Communist Party paper.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Murdoch's latest outrage should horrify anyone who believes in human rights, particularly American conservatives who've spoken out about religious persecution in China. They'd cheer Mr. Patten's book. In pages I've seen from the manuscript-in-progress -- to be published in the U.S. this fall by Random House's Times Books imprint -- they eloquently rebuke unnamed Westerners who pursue the ''crude and cynical strategy'' of ''tempering criticism of China's behavior at home or abroad in return for market access.''
Mr. Patten further argues that the ''sensible management of a developing economy'' should have nothing to do with ''torturing people, censoring what they can read or write, locking them up without due legal process, hunting opponents into silence or exile, dispersing crowds with bullets. . . .'' What does it tell us about Rupert Murdoch's journalistic priorities that they would kill Mr. Patten's book at the same moment their Fox News Channel (slogan: ''News without bias'') hires the cybergossip Matt Drudge?
Editor's Letter: Polygon, The Developing Story of Being First
Editor's Letter is a series of ongoing articles on the state of PSLS, its future and the future of the industry as a whole.
The point of developing stories is to keep you abreast of the news as it happens – the president has been shot; they have been brought to hospital; he's fine, it was a BB gun. It makes sense as it ensures you are as informed as possible as soon as possible.
But, with websites' desire to be first, the whole idea behind a developing story is being corrupted. As most people follow a number of game sites on Twitter or whatever news feed they use, being the first site to publish guarantees that you'll get the most clicks, and therefore the most money, so many sites will do whatever it takes to be first, including cutting vital corners. Today I'll take a look at Polygon, who, along with their sister site The Verge, are repeat offenders, but it is a problem systemic in this industry (and many others).
Earlier today, Polygon published this ‘developing story', becoming the first site to do so on my feed and earning my click (press to fullscreen):
Apparently, the Xbox One supports used games completely, wholly and freely… of course, that's not true.
A whole 34 minutes later, after several small updates, it became this, a completely different story:
Now it turns out that the Xbox One has numerous used game restrictions, many of which are confusing – you need to be friends for 30 days, publishers can choose some things and only select retailers take part.
That means that if you read the first version, which many people did, you've received the wrong information, you have incorrect knowledge simply because they were greedy for traffic. And, let's face it, most of those readers aren't going to F5 for half an hour to get the correct information. And they shouldn't have to. You are not being as informed as possible as soon as possible.
Of course, the whole issue with a developing story is that the facts do change, so information can quickly become wrong. New quotes, new press releases and new videos can appear, suddenly rendering a story obsolete. In fact, that was Polygon's defense when commenters complained:
Right, except no new information emerged. The original story sourced the Xbox Wire public announcement that had all the information at the beginning. It's here, it's not developing, it's been the same the whole time.
This is the problem: sites are jumping the gun on posts just to be first, essentially creating a placeholder page where they'll put the information in later. They are cheating the system, taking advantage of readers' acceptance of actual developing stories and using it to trick them into giving them traffic that they don't deserve. They're treating their readers like idiots that will lap up anything that is put in front of them, no matter how factually correct it is, or how lax the quality standards are.
On top of that, sites that actually care about posting complete stories end up with less traffic and a worse position on Google News, meaning that more and more publications are forced to do this to stay competitive, ultimately lowering the industry into the gutter. People are writing headlines instead of stories, and those headlines are often wrong, as in this case.
Instead of being the best way to let you know what's happening right now, developing stories have become an excuse for laziness, a way to get hits for a story that should just have been written better.
This is not journalism, this is misleading, unscrupulous garbage that is an insult to everyone involved.
Public Safety Minister Vic Toews has put a hex on plans by Corrections Canada to hire a Wiccan prison chaplain.
The minister's office says it will be suspending a tender issued earlier this week for someone to provide the service in B.C..
Corrections Canada spokesperson David Harty said the advertisement was a response to an ongoing need.
Meredith Kimber, left, is seen during a Wiccan ritual circle in 2010. (Danielle Bell/Nanaimo Daily News/Canadian Press)
But shortly after news broke Wednesday, Toews' office said the government isn't convinced that paying the salary of a witchcraft practitioner is an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars.
The minister's office says it was not consulted before the tender was posted.
Pat Stawski, a Wiccan priestess in Campbell River, B.C., says she's disappointed and says Wiccan prisoners have the same rights to spiritual guidance as other inmates.
The job description listed duties such as counselling and creating a sanctuary in the prison chapel.
David Eby with the B.C. Civil Liberties Association say Corrections Canada is constitutionally obligated to provide the spiritual leader.
"It's the kind of job posting that is going to catch a lot of people off guard, but the government does have an obligation not to discriminate between religions," they said.
"They don't get to say, 'We like the Catholics but we don't like the Wiccans,' or 'We like people who practice the Muslim faith but we don't like the Wiccans.' They have to provide those services equally."
The chosen candidate was also expected to hold regular services for holy days, something Priestess Meredith Kimber says would include ceremonies that invoke the gods and involve casting spells.
Four government-recognized Wiccan temples operate in the B.C., said Kimber, a priestess at the Temple of the Green Cauldron in Nanaimo, B.C.
Copyright by WWLP - All rights reserved This WWLP file image shows police activity outside Tully O'Reilly's at Pleasant and Pearl Streets in downtown Northampton.
Copyright by WWLP - All rights reserved This WWLP file image shows police activity outside Tully O'Reilly's at Pleasant and Pearl Streets in downtown Northampton.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass. (WWLP) – The City of Northampton will pay more than $50,000 to a man who was seen on cell phone video being pepper sprayed and thrown to the ground by police. On Monday, the American Civil Liberties Union announced the $52,500 settlement between the City and their client, Jonas Correia.
Correia was arrested on charges of disorderly conduct and resisting arrest on the night of March 31, 2013. The ACLU says Correia had been using their cell phone to record police officers' interactions with one of their friends outside the now-closed Tully O'Reilly's Pub on Pleasant Street. An employee of the bar told Correia to back away, and a video recorded by another bystander shows a police officer then pepper spraying him, with another bringing them to the ground.
That bystander's video was uploaded on YouTube and titled "Northampton Massachusetts Police Brutality." It has been viewed nearly 87,000 times.
The charges against Correia were reduced to a civil infraction, and then later dropped altogether.
In a statement sent to 22News, Correia says that they are thankful for their attorneys and for members of the community who backed them following the incident. They say that without the exposure the video received, they likely wouldn't have been able to make their case.
"Without that cell phone recording, I would have been just another black man going to court, where it would have been my word against the police story. 9 out of 10 times, the police story would have been believed, I would have ended up convicted, and innocence would not have mattered," Correia said.
When Jedidiah Jenkins and the rest of the team at Invisible Children put their Kony 2012 mini-doc on YouTube and Vimeo on Monday, their goal was to get 500,000 views before 2013. Four days later, the video has garnered 52 million views, due in large part to its success on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, and news sites around the world. Even gossip sites like Radar got in on the action, publishing " 7 Things You Should Know About Joseph Kony " next to stories about Lindsay Lohan. But not all the attention was favorable. While Invisible Children's film introduced millions to Joseph Kony and the atrocities of their Lord's Resistance Army, dozens of scholars and critics have derided it as simplistic, erroneous, and colonialist. Others call Invisible Children " manipulative ."
Invisible Children has already taken to its website to address some of the criticism. But GOOD conducted one of the first interviews in which Jenkins, director of ideology for Invisible Children and a major part of the film's production, takes us deeper into exactly what their organization hopes to accomplish with Kony 2012. We've omitted the part when Jenkins had to take another call from the infamous celebrity site TMZ. What a difference a week makes.
GOOD: What was the origin of the now-world-famous Kony video?
JEDIDIAH JENKINS: We've made 10 documentaries before this one, and we've toured them around high schools and colleges since 2006. We've built a groundswell of grassroots support through our other films. But the reality is we would work so hard, and make all these videos, and pour so much effort into them, and they would get 3,000 views. But then a video with a cat flushing a toilet gets 40 million views. That left us going, "What are we doing wrong?" And one day, one of our colleagues said, "Man, this would be so much easier of we could make Joseph Kony famous and get people to actually know who they are. We wouldn't have to fight so hard to get attention on these issues in Uganda." That was the inspiration. After that, our goal was to make a movie you could watch online, that's entertaining, and that tells the story in a digestible way. And we had no idea how hungry the global audience was for that.
GOOD: A lot of nonprofits work forever without getting this kind of viral success. How do you think you did it?
JENKINS: There are a lot of good documentaries out there that paint a well-told story about something that's wrong with the world. But one of the things about high-class documentaries is that they rarely presume to propose an answer; they just beautifully articulate the problem. And we hate that. You're left going, “Ok, yes, I hate fracking. Now what am I supposed to do about it?”
What we did was paint moral clarity and provide direct action steps. There are no credits or anything else. We presented the problem and then ended the film with three steps to help people make a change. That resonates with people. The third step was as simple as sharing the film. People can do that.
GOOD: Out of all the myriad problems facing Africa, why did you choose to focus on Kony?
JENKINS: Firstly, the story was personal to us. We went to Africa intending to document the tragedies in South Sudan, and on our way we stumbled into children running away from Joseph Kony. The outrage that nothing was being done to stop that, and much of the international community was ignorant to it, was a lot of the impetus. But as we got deeper, we found out that Kony was the first man that the International Criminal Court had ever indicted. They said that because of the perversity of their crimes, and because of the feasibility of their arrest, they should be a flagship example of international cooperation to stop a criminal who crosses borders. The ICC chose Kony, and we've kind of partnered with them in an unofficial way. We've decided to help them disseminate that ideology to a hungry, millennial, global-minded youth.
GOOD: One of the criticisms people have of Invisible Children is that you only donate 31 percent of your money to the people of Uganda. What's your response to that?
JENKINS: One flaw of the internet is how quickly it can disseminate misinformation. The actual number is 37 percent. Thirty-seven percent of our budget goes directly to central African-related programs, about 20 percent goes to salaries and overhead, and the remaining 43 percent goes to our awareness programs. Those include things like flying Ugandans to America to go on cross-country awareness tours we pay for. And our staff in America has to go to Uganda, too. We got criticized for spending $1 million on travel expenses, but getting 130 people around the country and around the world is expensive. But aside from that, the truth about Invisible Children is that we are not an aid organization, and we don't intend to be. I think people think we're over there delivering shoes or food. But we are an advocacy and awareness organization.
There's a rabid hunger to criticize the spending of charities because of abuse in the past. But all of our finances are public record. You can go online and see how much we make. I pay $300 a month in rent and don't even own a bed. I sleep on the floor. We're in this because we love it, because this is the job of our dreams.
GOOD: What do you do with the funds sent to central Africa?
JENKINS: With that money, we're focusing on revitalizing the region so they don't have a reason to hate the government and start future conflicts once Kony is gone. Of the 37 percent of funds that go to central Africa, I'd say about 30 percent goes toward energizing Uganda. We have 12 partner schools we rebuilt from the ground up; we have 1,000 kids whose secondary school we pay for; we have several hundred kids in college and mentors for all of them; we have a program called Mend in which we teach former sex slaves to be seamstresses. There's also our Village Savings and Loan Association, through which we teach villagers how to become their own bank, because there's not a lot of trust for banks there. On top of that, we have literacy programs. Sure, we're after Kony, but we're also doing a lot of other things to help create sustainable peace. And if our website ever stops crashing, you can read about all of this there.
GOOD: Invisible Children supports the Ugandan army, the UPDF, in their pursuit of Kony. But it's been shown that the UPDF has committed its own atrocities in the past, including rapes. Why are you supporting them?
JENKINS: That's a great question. Yes, it's true that the Ugandan military has committed crimes in the past. We do not deny those crimes. But in terms of the pursuit of the LRA in the last six years, they've made a marked change and are attempting to be spotless.
We were involved in five years of peace talks with Kony. We want peace. But the truth is that Kony abused the peace process, used it to regain strength, and then went to wreak havoc. At that point, if someone's busting into your house with a gun and robbing you, you can only talk for so long before you start using force. Force is an absolute last resort, and our campaign is trying to get them to surrender. We don't want a bloodbath. A peaceful end to this is the dream.
GOOD: Assuming it does come down to conflict, why continue supporting the Ugandan army since most reports say Kony has fled Uganda?
JENKINS: Great question. That's because the UPDF is the only force able to go after Kony. Congo is a failed state, Central African Republic has no military, South Sudan just became a country and has no military. There's nobody else there to stop him. The only people there are U.N. peacekeepers, and they have a "do no harm" policy, meaning they can take no offensive action. The only thing they can do is protect their own base. The UPDF is all that's there. And they have received permission from regional governments to operate in their nations to attack the LRA.
GOOD: A lot of people are wondering what you expect this video to accomplish. What's the best endgame as far as Invisible Children is concerned?
JENKINS: Our hope is we see an effective end to the LRA. Ideally, beyond all things, we'd like to see Kony's arrest or their surrender—and not just their arrest; we also want the other leadership of the LRA. But understanding that they are a madman, we understand that it could end violently. Luckily, the United States is involved, and they're using a great team to try and mitigate violence as much as possible. If Kony is arrested, we'd like to see Kony tried at the Hague, and then it sets a precedent. It tells future warlords that if you want to commit genocide, if you want to commit war crimes, you cannot get away with it anymore.
GOOD: What are your thoughts on people who say this video is an addition to the "white savior" canon?
JENKINS: To be completely candid, I think that's the most absurd and offensive accusation. The whole point of the movie is that we are all humans. If this were white people suffering these crimes, we would be there, too. It has nothing to do with race and it has nothing to do with neo-colonialism. This has to do with us having the resources to help fight for people who don't have resources. Also, look at the staff page on our website to see how many Africans work with us. It's not as if we're all white guys from San Diego.
GOOD: What do you want to tell the film's critics directly?
JENKINS: Our films are made for high school children. We make films that speak the language of kids. We say, "You may live thousands of miles away from these problems in Uganda, but those kids are just like you, and you can do something to help them by getting your government and your self involved." Our films weren't made to be scrutinized by the Guardian. They were made to get young people involved in some of the world's worst crimes. We can't solve every crime, and we don't intend to. But we can help fight the worst crimes.
I understand the criticism, because I think a healthy dose of skepticism is important when investing time and money into something. But I'd invite anyone to come to our offices and talk to us. I think when people dismiss us as having "white savior complex," they're missing the main point: We're just trying to do a little part to help change the world.
FURTHER READING:
Foreign Policy spread by the campaign. debunks the misinformation spread by the campaign.
A Ugandan American to not reduce Uganda to a meme. beseeches you to not reduce Uganda to a meme.
An Associated Press photographer who captured images of Invisible Children posing with SPLA guns discusses their "emotionally manipulative" tactics and who captured images of Invisible Children posing with SPLA guns discusses their "emotionally manipulative" tactics and the organizations you should support instead
Onion Capers
Hey buddy, that is quite the sack of onions you have! If I had a sack of onions like that, I'd be happier than a tree on Arbor Day! Everyone wants to get their hand in an onion sack like that.
Me? I like a nice purple onion, but you don't get to pick favorites when you got your hand in an onion sack. A big yellow one can feel like a little purple one. You won't know 'til you pull it out, and by then you already got yourself an onion.
I know most folks don't want strangers mucking about in unfamiliar onion sacks these days, so I'll be on my way. But, that is quite the sack of onions you have.
To perform the monolog “Onion Capers” at your school or event, speak the words out loud at your school or event.
You can download the full uncompressed files here!
Ark Survival Evolved Update Adds Gallimimus & Other Goodies
Today Studio Wildcard dropped update 255 for the Windows PC version of their popular prehistoric survival title ARK: Survival Evolved. This latest patch to the early access game brings a brand-new dinosaur type into the world – the Gallimimus – along with other small goodies for existing players to find.
Should players be able to tame this ancient herbivore they'll find that they've caught themselves a brand new 3 person mounts that can also equip heavy weaponry. With three players mounted on a Galli the last player will be facing backwards giving your squad an additional vantage point to watch out for oncoming threats.
Here's a brief dossier on the Gali from in game:
Wild : When someone asks me what the fastest creatures on the island are, Gallimimus is always a contender. Unlike the island's many armored animals, Gallimimus eschews strong defenses for the ability to outrun pretty much anything.
Domesticated : There are two general camps on the use of tamed Gallimimus . One camp thinks that their inability to actually harm hostile creatures, and their inability to harvest most resources, makes them primarily a burden to the tribe. The other camp thinks that their extreme speed and ability to jump long distances is among the best for scouting and exploring… or just making a quick getaway!
Known Information : A skittish herbivore, Gallimimus even looks nervous when eating in a peaceful clear meadow. Having no real way to harm predators, it simply runs away and uses its ability to stay safe. I've even seen wild Gallimimus outrun speed-trained Utahraptors
Also added in game update 255 is a brand-new set of SWAT armor that hunters can craft if they have the right materials. It will protect your characters arms & legs as well as your head with a helmet that's complete with a visor!
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
CRAIG WHYTE sold off four years of fans' money to help fund their Rangers buy-out, it was revealed last night.
And Record Sport can also reveal high-ranking HMRC officials are investigating alleged non-payment of VAT since Whyte gained control of the club last May.
Current director Dave King and former board member Paul Murray have been quizzed by the tax authorities as part of their enquiry which has revealed £24.4million has been borrowed against future season-tickets sales.
Tranches of tickets over four seasons have been sold to Ticketus, a London-based group linked to Octopus, and it's claimed this deal helped finance Whyte's operating costs after the takeover.
Whyte themselves last night confirmed they had sold off the tickets but denied they used the money to pay off Lloyds Bank. They insisted the £18m for the bank came from one of their companies.
When Whyte took over Rangers' debt was £18m to Lloyds Bank and their wage bill had been reduced to £14m but it is believed the club could owe much more than that.
It's thought the current debt is £21m to Ticketus plus £5m VAT on the ticket deal. But there could be other bills due and of course Rangers are awaiting the final verdict on their £49m EBT (Employee Benefit Trust) tax case.
Last night Whyte insisted the Ticketus deal was normal practice for clubs and their spokesperson said: "The suggestion that the Rangers takeover was funded through financing arrangements on season tickets is categorically untrue.
"Rangers FC is no different in that it has a working capital facility with Ticketus, as have many, many other clubs. It is a common arrangement in football. This facility was in place at Ibrox long before the takeover."
The EBT ruling is due within weeks and if Rangers lose they will be facing financial meltdown.
Their debt could then be in the £75m region with liquidation a stark reality.
But many now fear Rangers could be tipped over the abyss and into some kind of insolvency even before their Judgment Day over the tax case.
Ranger fans put their faith in Whyte believing they would get rid of the club's debt and also provide transfer money for manager Ally McCoist, who has been an impoverished bystander during this transfer window.
But the Ibrox club's support will be shocked by the detail of invoices and letters now in the revenue's possession. It is claimed these show Whyte sold off massive chunks of Rangers' future season-ticket sales.
And former board member Murray believes the takeover wouldn't have been possible without the fans, even though they had no idea future tickets had been sold off to raise extra cash.
Murray said: "These documents prove to me that Rangers fans have actually paid and will continue to pay for the sale of their club."
They added that HMRC have told them they are also due VAT, as much as £5m, on the deal with Ticketus and insists they have seen details of letters and invoices held by HMRC.
Murray claims that in one of the documents, a letter dated March 8, 2011 and signed by Whyte, it is alleged they made it clear that through Wavetower, their bid vehicle at the time, they would be entering into a deal to sell the season tickets to a company called Ticketus.
They are part of London-based Octopus, a perfectly legitimate lender who grant immediate loans based on future ticket sales. Record Sport managed to speak with most of the people who were on the Rangers board at the time of the takeover and they insist they knew nothing about the sale of season tickets. In fact they tried to ring-fence supporters' money.
The papers, which are being pored over by HMRC officials, are said to reveal borrowing against ticket sales for seasons 2011-12, 12-13 and 13-14 that Whyte was able to raise £24.4m.
Then on June 27 they were hit with the first of their repayment bills from Ticketus, who were demanding a total of £9.5m, their share of that summer's season-ticket sales. Whyte could only come up with £3.5m cash and to fill the shortfall mortgaged off part of season 2014-15 to the value of £6m.
Opening in March last year Murray claims the detail contained within HMRC's file is extensive and explosive.
This is the timetable and interpretation of events: March 8, 2011: A letter from Liberty Capital (one of Whyte's companies) is signed by Whyte and addressed to Ticketus.
In the letter Whyte confirms the intention to sell Rangers' season tickets to Ticketus.
April 7: Lawyers on behalf of Ticketus deposit £24.4m into a Collyer Bristow (lawyers for Whyte's bid) client account. A further £2m was placed in the same account from a company called JLT Benefit Solutions.
May 9: An agreement was entered into between Ticketus and Rangers to sell the season tickets.This was just three days after the takeover date of May 6. The bank was repaid the £18m.
June 27: Ticketus raised an invoice to Rangers seeking first repayment of £9.5m on their agreement. Rangers paid only £3.5m of that amount in cash and borrowed £6m more from Ticketus by selling another portion of 2013-14 as well as a portion of season 2014-15. Analysts stress there is nothing illegal in selling future ticket sales. In fact, it is common practice in British football, although the problems encountered by Leeds United and Newcastle United, who both borrowed too often and too much, are proof of the dangers.
Whyte has never declared the deals with Ticketus although HMRC documents suggest they have cashed in on fan loyalty.
The tax officials quizzed Murray and South African-based King, who was on conference call, as recently as last Friday morning.
They insisted they had no knowledge of what had been happening and Murray, who last year offered to take the club off Lloyds' books and invest £15m in the team in a last-ditch attempt to prevent Whyte from getting the club, said they couldn't believe what they were reading when presented with the HMRC file.
"HMRC asked for a meeting at the end of last week to find out what knowledge I, having been a director of the club at the time, had of these transactions prior to the takeover," Murray said.
"I knew nothing about this and although I have been questioned by HMRC and seen some especially revealing documents which are in their possession, it is still very hard to take in what has been going on.
"Collyer Bristow were acting for Craig Whyte during the takeover and I have been shown their client account, from the opening of it until today.
"I've also seen all invoices from Ticketus to Rangers and Rangers to Ticketus supporting all these actions.
"I can't believe Rangers have been handed over in this way.
"Remember also, the Independent Board, set up to make sure any potential buyers were capable of making the purchase and then funding the business, asked repeatedly where Craig Whyte was getting the money.
"He said it was from their own personal wealth and through Liberty Capital, which they insisted they owned 100 per cent, in the British Virgin Islands.
"Plans were being made to sell off future ticket sales but the directors were never told. This was all being done behind our backs."
King was also shocked to learn of the seasonticket sale and said: "Securitising season tickets is a valid seasonal funding strategy to smooth cash flows within the year - but no longer."
Whyte's spokesperson added: "The takeover team instigated discussions with Ticketus prior to the takeover because the relationship with Rangers was already in place and the new owners wanted to continue it.
"They were clear from the outset they wanted to ensure there were robust working capital provisions in place that could deal with the many financial challenges the club faces.
"The takeover was funded by one of Mr Whyte's companies. Several months before then - and long before any discussions with Ticketus - Mr Whyte was asked to provide proof of funds for the takeover and they did that to the satisfaction of the previous owners, Lloyds Banking Group and professional advisers."
Maybe we started the day with the sad news that some of our favorite BBC shows are about to leave Netflix, but the day is ending on a high note. Starting tomorrow, you can stream collections of your favorite A&E Networks shows and classic Lifetime movies on Netflix.
The A&E Networks—which encompass channels like A&E, Lifetime, History Channel, FYI and more—collections will work much like the HGTV collections that are already on Netflix. So, you won't get full seasons of Duck Dynasty or Storage Wars, but you will get a carefully curated collection of episodes. Lifetime original movies will also be hitting the streaming service. This list will include classic old school Lifetime flicks like Secrets of Eden (starring John Stamos!) as well as pulpy modern favorites like The Kennedys. Let's just say your streaming experience is about to go full-on guilty pleasure.
A Complete List Of What's Hitting Netflix Tomorrow:
Reality TV Collections
American Pickers: Collection
American Restoration: Collection
Ancient Aliens: Collection
Counting Cars: Collection
Dance Moms: Collection
Duck Dynasty: Collection
Gangland: Collection
Hoarders: Collection
Ice Road Truckers: Collection
Intervention: Collection
Modern Marvels: Collection
Pawn Stars: Collection
Storage Wars: Collection
Swamp People: Collection
The First 48: Collection
The Universe: Collection
Top Shot: Collection
Wahlburgers: Season 1
Lifetime Movies and Other Full Series Additions
A Killer Among US
Abducted: The Carlina White Story
Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy
America Unearthed: Season 1
America: The Story of Us
Americas Book Of Secrets: Season 1
Americas Book Of Secrets: Season 2
And Baby Will Fall
Beyond Scared Straight!: Season 4
Beyond Scared Straight!: Season 5
Big Rig Bounty Hunters
Double Divas: Season 1
Double Wedding (2010)
Fatal Honeymoon
Gangsters Amer Most Evil: Season 1
Gangsters Amer Most Evil: Season 2
Gettysburg
History's Mysteries: Secret Societies
How Sex Changed the World: Season 1
How the States got their Shapes: Season 1
How the States got their Shapes: Season 2
Iris Johansen's The Killing Game
Jodi Arias: Dirty Little Secret
Jodi Picoult's Salem Falls
Liz & Dick
Magic Beyond Words: The JK Rowling Story
Mankind: Decoded
Mankind: The Story of All of Us
Matters of Life & Dating
Men Who Built America
Mountain Men: Season 1
Mountain Men: Season 2
Obsessed: Season 1
Obsessed: Season 2
Preacher's Daughters: Season 1
Restless Virgins
Reviving Ophelia
Ring of Fire
Secrets in the Walls
Secrets of Eden
They Made Them Do It
Shipping Wars: Season 1
Shipping Wars: Season 2
Shipping Wars: Season 3
Stalkers
Stan Lee's Superhumans: Season 1
Stan Lee's Superhumans: Season 2
Taken From Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story
The Bling Ring
The Eleventh Victim
The Kennedys
The Killer Speaks
The Murder of Princess Diana
The Pregnancy Project
True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet
Twist of Faith
Ultimate Guide to the Presidents
Vietnam in HD
William & Kate
WWII in HD
Like what you see? Follow Decider on Facebook and Twitter to join the conversation, and sign up for our email newsletters to be the first to know about streaming movies and TV news!
[Gif source]
Share this...
Weather and climate analyst Schneefan here writes that the 2017/18 winter in Europe could be one of the coldest of the last 20 years.
In mid September NOAA's CFSv2 weather model once again crunched out a cold temperature across Europe for all three winter months (December (left), January (center), February (right)) for the coming 2017/18 winter:
Meteociel/CFS prognosis dated 1 September 2017 for the temperature deviation from the long-term mean at 850 hPa (approx. 1500 m) in Europe for the 2017/18 winter. Source: http://www.meteociel.fr/modeles/cfsme_cartes.php
Schneefan writes one has to go back to the 1990s to find a negative 2.0°C deviation from the 1961-1990 mean that is projected for Germany. That deviation translates to almost 3°C when compared to the 1981-2010 mean. That would would be awfully cold.
The following chart shows the winter temperature anomalies for Germany for each year since 1901:
If projections come true, Germany would face one of its coldest winters in the last 50 years. Source: http://www.wzforum.de/forum2/read.php?6,3260663,3260663#msg-3260663
The latest CSFv2 model run confirms the earlier cold projections that have been calculated since mid June, 2017.
Cooler than normal autumn
Projections for this fall (September, October, November) are also on the cool side. An analysis from 17 September shows that Central Europe will see temperatures that are about 1°C below the 1981-2010 mean. So far the first three weeks have been right on the money.
Schneefan warns that it's still too early to rely on the latest trend and to bank on it, but adds: “If these cold projections for the 2017/18 winter keep appearing in the next model runs this fall, then the probability increases.”
Also Schneefan writes that we should not expect any general warming trend soon after the coming winter, due to the lowest solar activity is 200 years, the cooling La Niña that is beginning to take hold, and the already falling temperatures taking place in the wake of the 2015/15 El-Niño.
There are other signs that change is possibly in the works:
After the ice mass growth in Greenland for the first time in the current century and a new record cold July temperature (-33°C) set in Greenland, no one should be surprised that the 2017/18 winter will be the coldest in Europe and other parts of the northern hemisphere this century.
And to potentially make matters worse, the Bali volcano Agung is now at warning level “orange”. The last eruption was in 1963 with a VEI of 5!. So rapidly could global climate unexpectedly and naturally change.
Readers need to note that the projections involve considerable uncertainty, and the winter of course may develop completely differently. Yet, many meteorologists had projected earlier this year a severe hurricane season this year based on oceanic patterns, and that has come true.
Side Effects Software has released its 2014 demo reel for Houdini – and its pretty much heaven for lovers of simulations. If a thing can blow up, fall down, or wash away, it's probably in there somewhere.
As you might expect, movie VFX is well represented, including Digital Domain's work on X-Men: Days of Future Past, Imageworks' effects for The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and Image Engine's work on Elysium.
But there are also some great commercials work from the likes of The Embassy VFX and London's Electric Theatre Collective, and even games get a look in, in the shape of Guerrilla Games' Killzone Shadow Fall.
Read more about Houdini on Side Effects Software's website
Tags: 2014, animation, Demo reel, Digital Domain, Dreamworks, Electric Theatre Collective, Elysium, Guerrilla Games, Houdini, How To Train Your Dragon 2, Image Engine, Killzone Shadow Fall, showreel, Side Effects, Side Effects Software, simulation, Sony Pictures Imageworks, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Embassy VFX, vfx, visual effects, X-Men Days of Future Past
In this July 24, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks about healthcare in the Blue Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds themselves embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of their base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
“President Trump is demonstrating their commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom,” said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
“The Trump administration is saying to employers, ‘If you want to discriminate, we have your back,'” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Them organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
“The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss' religious beliefs,” said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri. “We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise.”
The Democratic attorneys general of California and Massachusetts filed similar suits later Friday.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
“Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law,” Sessions wrote.
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document, the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee's willingness “to adhere to a code of conduct.” Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships, among other behavior.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian law firm, called it “a great day for religious freedom.” But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group, depicted the two directives as “an all-out assault, on women, LGBT people and others” as the administration fulfilled a “wish list” of the religious right.
The new policy on contraception, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows more categories of employers, including publicly traded companies, to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, said the birth-control rollback was despicable.
“This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception,” they said.
On the Republican side, however, House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it “a landmark day for religious liberty.”
The new policy took effect on Friday, but its impact won't be known immediately and may not be dramatic.
“I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods,” said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
Nonetheless, they worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law. The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Despite that workaround, there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a “return to common sense” that would enhance “peaceful coexistence” between church and state.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama's health law outright expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
___
Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report.
April 2012 General Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
I started this post months ago, but it never came to fruition. Funny, as I look back over the many saved drafts I have, this is the one that caught my eye. Mainly because it is very real with feelings lately. We have had a lot of emotional roller coasters over the last few weeks. No, we're not ready to share about those, but I do feel the need to share my feelings about one thing in particular. It seems like a lot of things have come up that have helped the validity of my feelings, so I'm hoping that I can put my emotions into words that people who have not experienced these feelings can understand. And this can be applied anywhere in life, not just infertility.Imagine wanting something. Not something material. I'm not talking about that new TV or car or even house. I'm talking about something that will completely enrich and change your life in ways you can't imagine right now. Maybe it's a life changing surgery. Maybe it's that promotion you have been working your butt off for. Maybe...in our case...it's a child. Now imagine the feeling that everyone around you is getting what you have wanted and desired and prayed so hard for. Maybe it's not really everyone, but it sure does feel like it. Do you feel happy for that person? Sure. Do you feel left out even more? Of course. Do you feel like crap for feeling bad about it? Definitely.If you have experienced this cycle of emotions, you know what it's like. We have had more baby announcements and births than we know what to do with lately. Are we happy for our friends?But that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt. It's such a crazy conflicting set of emotions that only people that have experienced will ever truly understand.So what do I feel? I am so happy for my friends. But I am also sad...and a little angry...and that feeling of hope dies just a little bit more. I'm envious and jealous for what they have that we still haven't achieved. My heart breaks a little bit more after each announcement because of what we lack. And then there's the guilt. The guilt makes itYou feel guilty because of all of these negative feelings. You should be celebrating, right?! You should be elated! But it's so hard to feel that way. Deep down, Ihappy. But the feelings that are rising to the top are completely contradictory. That's what makes the cycle.There's really no way for friends to alleviate the negative feelings. Not really. We have very dear friends with the most adorable and empathetic 7-year-old. There are days I feel like they justthat their hug could cure my fragile heart. And getting one is like winning the lottery. It's the unconditional love that we need so bad sometimes. Those help. But at the end of the day, we are still our small little family and we are still lacking the one piece we so desperately desire. It helps for the time being, until another cycle starts...I could be angry all the time. I could be mad and curse God for blessing an amazing gift with people that seem so undeserving. But then where would that leave me? Angry and bitter and with a complete lack of faith. We do pray...often. But I don't pray for a child anymore. What I do pray for is understanding and support and love and comfort in knowing that we haven't been forgotten. We want to understand Their plan. We know that God is foremost in our lives and that They have the ability to make anything possible. But we know that we are given these struggles for a reason. Yes, it's cliche and I absolutely hate when people say it while trying to comfort us, but we do know that God doesn't give us things we can't handle. We do know that They have reasons. Which is why we stopped praying for a child. We just pray to understand Their timing. And we pray for Their love and comfort. We pray for Their guidance toward whatever path They need us to take. In the end, He's the only person that can give us what we desire. We know that...Iwith every emotion and heartache that I have felt. Ifelt Their love and comfort when we needed it most.
Not everyone in Hollywood is a fan of Meryl Streep.
Streep is now facing backlash from those in the entertainment industry who feel their anti-Trump speech at Sunday night's Golden Globes was "hypocritical" and out-of-line for a Hollywood star.
Country star Travis Tritt took to Twitter to offer their "advice to all actors."
"Advice to all actors, musicians and entertainers: Please stick to your crafts that we all love you for and drop the political rhetoric," they tweeted.
Piers Morgan echoed Tritt's words, adding they haven't "heard such elitist snobbery since Hillary Clinton branded Trump supporters 'a basket of deplorables.'"
Streep began their speech by saying "the most vilified segments of American society right now" are Hollywood, foreigners and the press.
Morgan called their hypocritical, saying at that moment, "the cameras panned out to hundreds of the richest, most privileged people in American society sitting in the audience in their $10,000 tuxedos and $20,000 dresses, loudly cheering this acknowledgement of their dreadful victimhood."
They wrote in the Daily Mail, "You'd be hard-pushed to find an industry that encourages more disrespect and violence than Hollywood."
A few other stars shared their disappointment with Streep on Twitter.
Please someone mute Meryl Streep — Jenna Jameson (@jennajameson) January 9, 2017 From what I understand the Golden Globe Awards
was a pretty weep affair
Reality can be a booger — Charlie Daniels (@CharlieDaniels) January 9, 2017
Valve announced one week ago that the biggest Dota 2 event of the year will be held at the Key Arena in Seattle and will take place between July 18th and the 21st.
The 10.000 tickets that were put on sale for the championship were already gone within an hour. The news comes directly from Valve's Vice President of Marketing, Doug Lombardi which confirmed that “Tickets were gone roughly one hour after they went on sale”.
Prices for the event ranged from 99$ (General Admission) to 199$ (Floor Seats) as well as the VIP package for no less than 499$. It is unknown at this time if another wave of tickets will be put on sale any time soon.
The TI4 qualifiers have changed a bit since last year's TI3. Aside from the 11 teams that will be directly invited there will be four Regional Qualifiers that will take place between May 12th and the 25th. Last year, there were only two regions. This time around we have Europe, the Americas, China and South-East Asia each competing for a spot. The runner-ups will then compete for the 16th slot in a mini DOTA 2 tournament held in Seattle before the main event.
Last year's The International prize pool reached an impressive 2,874,381 $ and is to date the largest prize pool in E-Sports history, not just for DOTA 2. Will we see even more this year? That's a pretty big number already but E-Sports are getting really big as well so it wouldn't surprise us if it did.
Kellyanne Conway on ABC. ABC George Stephanopoulos grilled President Donald Trump's counselor Kellyanne Conway on Sunday over the Republican healthcare bill just unveiled in the Senate.
In an interview on "This Week," the ABC anchor pushed Conway to acknowledge that the bill proposes deep cuts to Medicaid, pointing out that during the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump promised they wouldn't cut the healthcare safety net program for low and middle-income Americans.
"Why is the president going back on their promise?" Stephanopoulos asked.
Conway denied that the reductions were cuts, arguing that the administration was willing to consider giving more money to Medicaid than the Senate bill allowed.
"This slows the rate for the future and it allows governors more flexibility, with Medicaid dollars, because they're closest to the people in need," Conway said. "We are trying to get Medicaid back to its original moorings."
The Senate healthcare bill unveiled last week proposes capping Medicaid spending, limiting the amount of federal government spending on the healthcare program.
Stephanopoulos pushed back on Conway's claim that the reductions over time were not cuts.
"Kellyanne, hold on a second. There's no way you could say that a 15-year-old on Medicaid is not going to be affected by the cuts in the future," Stephanopoulos said. "You said everybody who is on Medicaid now is grandfathered in and is not going to face any cuts. And that simply is not functional if you have more than $800 billion in cuts."
But Conway doubled down, and mockingly noted that a number of Americans paid a monetary penalty rather than paid for "this great thing called Obamacare."
"You keep calling them cuts, but we don't see them as cuts," they said, reiterating that the administration saw the reduced spending as "slowing the rate of government in the future and getting Medicaid back to where it was."
"And George, they have to look at the whole health care bill — 142 pages in totem here — to have a full conversation," Conway continued. "When you get rid of these penalties, these taxes, when you open up the market, when you stop the insurers from leaving and just hemorrhaging out of the exchanges — you had 83 leave the markets last year, two dozen more — that will be over 100 by next year."
Still, other Republicans didn't buy them assessment.
Asked just minutes later about their opinion on Conway's statement, Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine politely dismissed Conway.
"I respectfully disagree with their analysis," Collins told Stephanopoulos.
Watch the clip via ABC:
Researchers are probing the health and economic fallout from this year's record allergy season to understand how warming weather and shifting rainfall may lead to more widespread and costlier allergy problems in the future.
Already, doctors are seeing climate change alter how allergens disperse. "It played out in the form of the duration of the pollen season," said Leonard Bielory, an attending physician and allergist at the Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and a professor at Rutgers University's Center for Environmental Prediction.
"The worst was in the beginning of the year," they said, noting that New Jersey faced record high pollen counts in February (ClimateWire, April 30).
As the pollen and dust settle, researchers throughout the United States are calculating just how bad this year was and how much worse it can get. Itchy eyes and runny noses are rarely fatal, but the risk of allergen exposure is increasing as insects migrate north to newly hospitable land while oak, birch and ragweed disperse pollen more intensely and for longer stretches of the year.
"As you go north, the more frost-free days, the longer the ragweed season," Bielory explained.
The Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America reports that more than 60 million Americans have some kind of allergy. Such afflictions carry a hefty price tag of $21 billion annually with costs projected to rise much further, especially because Bielory expects pollen counts to double by 2040.
"I personally didn't know that the impact of allergies and asthma is this large," said Kevin Lyons, an assistant professor of supply chain management at Rutgers University. Bielory and Lyons co-authored a paper in Current Allergy and Asthma Reports last month on allergies driven by climate change.
Growing productivity losses
The allergy expenses don't just come from treating them; a large chunk of the economic footprint comes from lost productivity as people stay home or work less to deal with puffy faces, labored breathing and rashes, according to Lyons. This can also have long-term consequences as students stay home from school and slow their education.
Lyons observed that temperature changes and erratic weather drive a cycle that could further worsen allergy risks. Natural and human-produced greenhouse gases change the climate, thereby altering how allergy-inducing plants, insects and molds spread.
As more people are exposed, more people seek treatment, taking medications and visiting doctors. This increased consumption further drives energy demands and production of goods, which can increase greenhouse gas output.
Now Lyons is examining this process to find ways to soothe coughing and watery eyes through cutting emissions, improving efficiency and shrinking costs. By delving into large data sets tracking production, emissions and consumer habits, they hope to guide allergy sufferers to relief that helps them get better while minimizing the environmental and subsequent allergic consequences.
Certain treatment regimens may prove effective, or it may be more worthwhile to improve indoor air quality by improving insulation and ventilation, depending on an individual's circumstances.
As the sound of sneezing grows louder, the health care system will likely become more streamlined and efficient to deal with more patients. However, Lyons expects that the rate of new allergy sufferers seeking help will likely outpace any improvements from scaling up treatments.
Lyons said they now want to calculate the precise dollar costs of allergies and said their preliminary estimates show they may rise by 30 percent as the climate warms. In addition, they want to extend this type of analysis to other products and supply chains to help manufacturers and consumers understand how products people buy affect their health and the environment.
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
At a time when architecture seems little more than a desperate search for novelty, the appearance of a building such as the Albion Public Library offers reason for hope. This new structure is a powerful reminder of what architecture can be when designed with users in mind, not its creators' reputation. Only in an age of starchitecture, of buildings that see no further than themselves, of outlandishness and disconnection would such a distinction be necessary, but such is the tragedy — or is it farce? — of contemporary architecture.
Instead of formality, hushed tones and dimly-lit interiors, the new Albion Public Library in Etobicoke offers open spaces filled with natural light and comfortable furniture. ( DOUBLESPACE PHOTOGRAPHY ) The new Albion Public Library in Etobicoke includes courtyards, gardens and spaces that are practical without being utilitarian and mean. ( DOUBLESPACE PHOTOGRAPHY ) Clad in glass and brightly-coloured vertical panels, the Albion Library stands out as a unique presence on the streetscape. ( DOUBLESPACE PHOTOGRAPHY )
The result is that, like cities everywhere, much of Toronto is a degraded landscape of architectural failure. Little wonder the idea that architects are the natural designers of cities has been quietly dropped along the way. Fortunately, cities are more resilient than their architecture. But as the library proves, at its best, architecture can still contribute to urbanity even when that means its task is not simply to ignore the context, but to critique it. Certainly the library does this — with aplomb. Given its location on Albion Rd. west of Kipling, that's not hard. Facing the supremely hideous Albion Mall across the road, and unrelenting dreariness in every direction, the library proposes nothing less than a new vision of north Etobicoke, one that puts residents first, one that treats them as citizens, not simply consumers waiting to be exploited. How appropriate that that building would be a library, the latest in the Toronto Public Library (TPL) system. A civilizing influence despite huge cultural and economic changes, the TPL has remained relevant by embracing, even leading, those changes. Unlike most public agencies, it has grasped that to survive in the 21st century, institutions must put users first. That's why the new library is a community amenity, not a fortress of knowledge. The books are still there, but so are laptops, 3-D printers, video terminals and digital hubs. Today, talking and eating are OK, but there are quiet study rooms, too. Gone are the formality, hushed tones and dimly-lit interiors, replaced by open spaces filled with natural light and comfortable furniture. Designed by Perkins + Will, the Albion Library also stands out as a unique presence on the streetscape. In this dismal suburban context, where concrete boxes and parking lots prevail, this marks a major departure. Clad in glass and brightly-coloured vertical panels, the building provides a welcome respite from the unrelieved ugliness of this postwar community, which for all its ghastliness, don't forget, was meticulously planned and carefully controlled.
Article Continued Below
Unsurprisingly, local residents are largely immigrants who arrive here from all parts of the planet. The library must serve them all. “Some people describe the library as a ‘Switzerland,' ” says architect Andrew Frontini. “It's a community hub, a hybrid public platform. It functions as a social welcome mat in a neighbourhood of newcomers.” “Flexibility is key,” explains TPL senior manager Gail Rankin. “Everything here must have at least ten uses.” A veteran of countless public meetings and focus groups, Rankin has learned how to listen and take their cues from what people actually want. In contrast to the once fashionable but faulty theories that dictated what people should want, the library is based in reality. A good example is the parking lot that surrounded the original 1973 library. It has been cut in half and the old building, which Rankin calls “a concrete bunker with no windows,” is being demolished. “It held 128 cars, which we knew was too many,” they say. “We found that 50 per cent of the users walk to the library.” Divided into a series of rooms — for kids, teens, adults — its successor includes courtyards, gardens and spaces that are practical without being utilitarian and mean. “People feel this is an extension of their home,” says project architect Reza Momenzadeh. “It is perceived as a neutral safe place in the community,” adds TPL's Susan Martin, “a place of transition for immigrants.”
The new Albion Library, which opened in early June, was an instant success. Even on a weekday afternoon during summer holidays, it's crammed with kids and teens. Not only are they there, many walked all the way. What comes next? Clearly the rest of north Etobicoke has much catching up to do. That will take years and cost billions. But thanks to TPL and its architects, the process is off to a strong start. Christopher Hume's column appears weekly. They can be reached at jcwhume4@gmail.com.
The faster way to access web forums.
Remember Usenet News? If you have read the Forte Agent or Mozilla Thunderbird, you already know what Siilihai is about. Siilihai tries to bring the powerful UI of newsreaders to the world of web forums. If you have read the Usenet News with a client such asor, you already know what Siilihai is about. Siilihai tries to bring the powerful UI of newsreaders to the world of web forums.
Siilihai is a PC and mobile application and web service for accessing web forums. With Siilihai you can easily and quickly read the discussions on many forums. Instead of manually using the web browser to go to different forums, you see all your forums in a single compact view.
Power of open source
The Siilihai client application is 100% open source software. Supporting a large library of forums requires a lot of effort, so Siilihai allows anyone with basic HTML skills to add support for a new forum.
Privacy and synchronization
Siilihai never sends the actual contents of messages or your passwords to the server - you can use it with private forums such as internal corporate forums. Siilihai can synchronize the message status between multiple computers and devices - you can use Siilihai at home, at work, on your laptop, and your phone/tablet. Siilihai synchronizes the messages between them with help of siilihai.com servers.
This is a feature not found even on advanced usenet newsreaders!
Off-line reading
You can download messages while connected and read them while not connected to the Internet - on plane, on train, on bus..
Powered by TapaTalk
Siilihai automatically supports any forum with TapaTalk plugin installed. Other forums are supported via parsers that users (you) can create.
Demo Video
On August 15th 2013 a DDoS attack targeted github.com. The attack was reported by many news organizations; here is an article “GitHub code repository rocked by ‘very large DDoS' attack” by Jack Clark of The Register. In addition the GitHub Status Page from that day also provides some additional timing for this DDos attack. At 15:47 UTC the Status page reports “a major service outage”. At 15:50 UTC they state: “We are working to mitigate a large DDoS. We will provide an update once we have more information.”
ThousandEyes was monitoring GitHub through public agents before and during the attack and we captured the coordinated effort by GitHub, Rackspace and their ISPs to fend off the attack. While multiple ISPs were involved in the effort, for the sake of simplicity we will focus primarily Level 3 Communications, and AboveNet. They used different techniques to counter the attack and ThousandEyes Deep Path Analysis helped us understand how the attack and defense evolved over time.
Figure 1: This shows end-to-end network metrics from ThousandEyes agents reaching GitHub during the DDoS attack. All agents are reporting 100% packet loss.
The view above shows the end-to-end loss from several of our public agents around the world when testing GitHub site. At 15:40 UTC the loss was at 16.7% worldwide, five minutes later at 15:45 UTC the loss had increased to 100% from all locations. This is typically an indication that there's something wrong at the network level. To understand better where the problem is occurring we need to go to the path visualization view.
In August, Gitub was hosted by Rackspace, and from our agents we were able to identify four different upstream ISPs connected to Rackspace carrying GitHub traffic. While we will focus on Level 3 Communications and AboveNet, we also monitored provider links from Qwest (CenturyLink). Their configuration has changed significantly since this event in August.
Case #1: Level 3 Communications
Let's take a step back and look at the state of the network before the DDoS attack on GitHub, as shown in Figure 2. This is what the Path Visualization looked like earlier in the day on the 15th for traffic using the Level 3 Communications network.
Figure 2: In the period before the attack, the Dallas, Ashburn, Philadelphia, and Raleigh agents all used Level 3 as a provider.
As we move forward, at 15:40 UTC we see nodes with loss, circled in red, in the Path Visualization. Specifically there is loss inside of Level 3 and Rackspace. Red nodes indicate that there's packet loss in the adjacent links facing the destination. Figure 3 below shows though that there are still locations without loss (the green nodes on the left).
Figure 3: During the attack the Path Visualization shows loss on some nodes but destination is still being reached.
Fifteen minutes later at 15:55 UTC none of the traffic is reaching its destination as Figure 4 below shows. All traffic from these agents is terminating inside of Level 3 Communications.
Figure 4: All locations now experiencing 100% packet loss in the Path Visualization.
Case #2: AboveNet
The data from another provider – AboveNet – tells us a similar story. At 15:45 UTC we detect five agents in Path Visualization routing through Abovenet to reach GitHub. There is a link inside of AboveNet with an average delay of 124 ms indicating some stress on their network, and the next three hops (one in AboveNet, two in Rackspace) are experiencing loss and we can see that the traffic is not making it to the destination.
Figure 5: Loss and latency in AboveNet and Rackspace during the DDoS attack in the Path Visualization view.
Five minutes later at 15:50 UTC, Figure 6 below shows the loss enroute to the destination persists but now location of the loss is completely different. The traffic is no longer terminating inside of AboveNet or Rackspace. In fact it is never making it into either of their networks, it appears it is terminating on the ingress to AboveNet.
Figure 6: Red nodes on the far right represent traffic termination points, before AboveNet and Rackspace.
To investigate this further we can select one or more of these nodes, move to a period before or after the attack and see where that next hop is located. Figure 7 below shows us that two hours before the attack all nodes now dropping packets had next hops to AboveNet. This helps show us that there is some sort of destination-based filtering happening in AboveNet for GitHub traffic.
Figure 7: This image shows the Path Visualization before the attack inside AboveNet, and the highlighted blue nodes are the AboveNet edge that during the attack is dropping traffic destined for GitHub.
Figure 8: All nodes inside of Level 3 now experiencing 100% packet loss during the attack.
Conclusion
It is difficult to say exactly what techniques were used to mitigate the attack without access to internal ACL lists or routing tables (or even iBGP feeds), or input from the teams involved in stopping this attack on GitHub. However, from the public statements on the GitHub Status Page, and from our own data it is clear there was a coordinated and cooperative effort to stop the DDoS attack, and place destination-based filters in routers inside the GitHub's providers. These filters are often distributed through iBGP inside the ISP using a mechanism such as Remotely Triggered Black Hole (RTBH). For additional information about this technique go here: “Remotely Triggered Black Hole Filtering-Destination Based and Source Based” Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 (PDF).
Regardless of the specific techniques used by site owners, their hosting companies or their ISPs to combat DDoS these efforts require some level of coordination and cooperation. ThousandEyes can help in understanding how effective the filters are in mitigating these attacks and how DDoS attacks evolve over time and across the network and even helping to identify the source of the attacks in some instances.
Additional Resources:
The Congressional Budget Office, described as the judge, jury and final arbiter on health care reform, cut the legs out from Sen. Kennedy's health reform plan, one of two that will begin moving through the Senate.
The summary table at the end says it all: a six percentage point drop in the number of uninsured — from 49 million in 2010 to 37 million in 2019 — is all you get for $1-plus trillion.
What we're probably witnessing is the opening act of a re-run of the fight over Clinton's health care plan 15 years ago. New cast, same story.
Remember Guantanamo? Every day Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell takes to the floor to issue a morning blast on health care, just as they did when they forced the White House to back off on transferring the island prisoners to the states. They open with the caveat that the health care system is broken, but Republicans have a better way to fix it. Most GOP plans are at complete odds with what Democrats want, following “consumer-driven” models of tax credits that former President Bush proposed but which never went anywhere.
Finance Committee chairperson Max Baucus, D-Mt, has been laboring for months trying to find a way to bring Republicans on board. They won a big victory with President Obama's insistence that the reforms be paid for; but paying for health reform may just kill it. Paying means higher taxes. Everyone wants health reform, but nobody really wants to pay for it. At the end of the day, it will be a miracle if more than a handful of Republicans get on board.
Recall that Republicans and Bush did not “pay for” their LBJ-style expansion of Medicare, the new prescription drug benefit. They just put it on the tab.
Watch Democrats adopt the same arguments Republicans used to make: that we're not talking about actual cuts in health spending, just a reduction in the rate of growth. Remember how Republicans used to trash CBO for not using “dynamic scoring” for tax cuts, which would incorporate higher revenue from economic feedback loops? Now Democrats are grating under CBO's refusal to award large savings to such vague things as preventive care, coordinated care and health information technology that the believe, but cannot promise, will restrain spending over time.
It has been quite awhile since we have seen the first Prometheus action figures come out of the NECA office, but now that the Toy Fair 2013 buzz is over the NECA Prometheus Series 2 is now ready to ship. Like with Portal's Chell, you can expect to see these guys' on store shelves as early as next week.
NECA's series 1 Engineer figures were well done and I can't wait to see how they pull off their first human figure in the line, David 8. Also included in series 2 is the Deacon! Check out some of the action shots taken by NECA below!
The Deacon
Here is the previously unseen Deacon in the complete packaging. This proto-Xenomorph is fully poseable and comes packaged with bendable Hammerpede accessories and a dissected Engineer head.
David 8
David 8 was previewed in their packaging about a month ago, just before Toy Fair 2013. Incase you missed it here they are again. After all you need to know what you are looking for when you head out to the store to go find them right?
David 8 is the first human member from Prometheus that NECA has conquered, and they look great. They stand 6 3/4 inches tall and has over 20 points of articulation. They come packaged with an interchangeable head and removable helmet.
For more Prometheus check out the reviews of NECA's series 1 figures, or head on over to BigBadToyStore and pre-order a set of Series 2 now. Get them before they are backordered! You can also check out eBay, a lot of sellers already have them in stock.
Former Omaha Police Officer Scotty Payne made an appearance in court Monday morning in connection with the in-custody death of Zachary Bearheels.
Payne, a four year veteran of the force, was charged with second degree assault in the case.
They and three other officers were fired by Omaha Police Chief Todd Schmaderer.
Payne deployed a taser on Bearheels a total of 12 times. The confrontation with Bearheels happened June 5th at the 60th and Center Bucky's. Bearheels, 29, had allegedly been causing a disturbance at that location around 12:30 a.m.
Officers arrived and questioned him. Bearheels became erratic and officers eventually placed them in handcuffs and later into the back of a police cruiser. The struggle began when Bearheels got out of the vehicle.
In the course of that clash, Bearheels was punched, dragged by the hair, and repeatedly stunned with the taser. They were eventually taken to the hospital where they were pronounced dead. Authorities list the cause of death as "excited delirium" - a sudden death caused by agitation and distress.
In court, Mandee Kampbell , assigned to the OPD Training Unit since 2014, was asked by Deputy Douglas County Attorney Jim Masteller how an officer can deploy a taser for 18 seconds. “You take the safety off and hold the trigger down for 18 seconds,” they replied, adding that the use of a taser is not to exceed 15 seconds.
Kampbell, who trained Payne in the use of a taser, said none of the 12 deployments was necessary.
“It was not justified,' they said. When asked why, Kampbell responded, “Well all the deployments were outside of Omaha Police policy and training standards. None of the deployments seem to be reasonable or justified and they're excessive. He's handcuffed and he's not under arrest.”
When asked if the Omaha Police Department allows for the use of a taser in some circumstances, Kampbell replied, yes, when suspects are actively resisting officers.
Masteller said it is clear that Payne violated Nebraska law.
“In this case, there was no arrest, nor an attempt to arrest, therefore under 28-14-12 no use of force was justified or authorized by that statute,” they said.
Defense Attorney, Steve Lefler, grilled Kampbell about police procedure when using tasers and trying to restrain a suspect. Kampbell said when using a taser, officers want to avoid prolonged, repeated, continuous exposure. They said anything over 15 seconds, or three cycles of five seconds each is the threshold where the body gets negative response. They added that OPD prohibits the use of tasers when someone is handcuffed, using it to threaten or intimidate a suspect or to use it as a “come along” technique.
Lefler asked Kampbell if once Bearheels slipped out of their handcuffs, was they still technically considered cuffed.
“No,” they replied. They added that officers should have regained control with a minimum amount of force. Kampbell said at some point, it is appropriate for officers to put their hands on a suspect. They said they feel a restraining hold would have been appropriate.
Kampbell said when the handcuffs were off, Bearheels was "swinging punches. Is it because they were being tased and scared or was it because he's committing a crime? We'll never know," they said.
They added that verbal commands and retreating are methods that officers could have used to stop Bearheels from swinging.
Referring to video captured of the incident and shown to the media by Douglas County Attorney Don Kleine, Kampbell said "I heard (officers say) 'get down,' 'get in the car' but nothing about stop resisting. They were never told they were under arrest, just get in the car.” After being tasered, Kampbell said, “You can see their (Bearheels's) body bend backwards. If the cruiser wasn't there, it would have pushed them all the way back. You can see their legs constrict. Even their toes are pointed.” After the tasing, Bearheels “was told to get up, which is impossible," Kampbell said.
They said they didn't believe any of the methods used in attempting to restrain Bearheels by the four officers was adequate.
Kampbell said Bearheels was never placed under arrest. When asked why officers handcuffed them and put them in the back of the cruiser they said it was so officers could take them to the bus station and send them back home to Oklahoma.
"And do what with him?" Masteller asked.
"Leave them there until the buses run," Kampbell replied.
Lefler argues that Payne was just doing their job after the first two responding officers stood by and did nothing.
“You guys all saw the video,” they said. “She's (one of the responding officers) hiding behind water bottles. Maybe you've already seen that. They don't have any charges against her, so its sending a message to our police officers that if you do nothing you won't have a felony on your record.”
Lefler said Kleine did them no favors when they showed the video to the media.
“I like Mr. Kleine, but I think they poisoned the jury pool by showing the video a couple of months ago,” Lefler said. “I think he's denying Mr. Payne their opportunity to have a fair and impartial jury.”
Lefler said right now a change of venue request is unlikely but they said Omaha Police Department's standards on taser use are not the same as other police departments across the country.
“The Omaha Police Department standards are higher than the constitutional standards,” they said. “There are a number of US Supreme Court and Nebraska Supreme Court cases that talk about what an officer can do and how an officer has to respond reasonably to the circumstances that they or they encounter at the time.”
Douglas County Judge Marcena Hendrix ruled that prosecutors have enough evidence to pursue their case against Payne.
After the hearing, Payne was surrounded by people who are showing support for the fired police office.
If convicted, Payne could face a maximum of 20 years in prison.
Another former police officer, Ryan McClarty, faces a misdemeanor third degree assault charge in connection with the Bearheels case.
Herbert J. Freudenberger (1926–1999) was a Jewish, German-born American psychologist. Though Freudenberger had many jobs during their life, including practitioner, editor, theoretician, and author, their most significant contribution is in the understanding and treatment of stress, chronic fatigue and substance abuse.[1]
Freudenberger was one of the first to describe the symptoms of exhaustion professionally and perform a comprehensive study of "burnout". During 1980, they published a book [2] dealing with chronic fatigue, which became a standard reference for the phenomenon. Their most prestigious award was the American Psychological Foundation Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in the Practice of Psychology during 1999.[3]
Early life [ edit ]
Freudenberger was born on November 26, 1926 in Frankfurt, Germany, to a middle-class Jewish-German family. Their father was a cattle dealer, while their mother had three jobs: bookkeeper, housekeeper, and business partner.
During 1933, Hitler acquired power in Germany. Freudenberger's family was threatened with persecution by the Nazis.[4] After the beating of Freudenberger's grandmother and the death of their grandfather, they fled to the United States, with their parents' approval and a false passport. Traveling alone through multiple cities and countries, Freudenberger arrived in New York, where they cared for themselves until a relative gave them shelter. Once they had settled in New York, Freudenberger quickly learned English, and graduated from a junior high school with honors. When their parents finally came to the U.S.A., Freudenberger began work as a tool and diemaker's apprentice to assist them, instead of beginning high school.[3]
College [ edit ]
Without a high school diploma and working at the manufacturing plant, Freudenberger began attending night classes at Brooklyn College. In a psychology class, they made the acquaintance of Abraham Maslow, who influenced Freudenberger to earn a degree in psychology and was their model and mentor. During 1951, Freudenberger received their bachelor's degree in psychology from Brooklyn College. They entered New York University's (NYU) clinical psychology program, and earned their master's degree in psychology during 1952, followed by their doctorate in psychology during 1956. During this time, Freudenberger was also a student at the National Psychological Association for Psychoanalysis (NPAP) (as well as NYU) and continued to work in a factory at night. During 1962, they finished their analytic training at NPAP.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Freudenberger started their own psychological-psychoanalytic practice during 1958, which became very successful. From 1970 to 1999, Freudenberger was senior faculty member and training analyst for NPAP, while continuing their private practice.[1] In their career, Freudenberer was also an assistant/visiting professor at Great Neck Adult Education Center (1958 to 1960), Queens College, City University of New York (1962 to 1965), Brooklyn College (1955 to 1958), Louisiana State University (1956), New York University (1963 to 1973), and New School for Social Research (1974 to 1988).[3] During the 1970s, Freudenberger decided to help the development of the free clinic movement, which, unusually for the time, treated substance abusers. Freudenberger devoted a large amount of time to these clinics, without pay. As a consultant, they created and supervised training programs for drug abuse treatment at the Archdiocese of New York from 1974 to 1984.[1]
Throughout their career, Freudenberger made scholarly contributions that were recognized in the United States and around the world. In recognition, they were made Fellow of the American Psychological Association during 1972. They also received awards such as the Psychologist of the Year Award from both the American Psychological Association (APA) and the American Society of Psychologists in Private Practice in 1981, the Distinguished Psychologist Award from the APA and their Division of Psychotherapy during 1983, the Presidential Citation from the APA during 1990, and the Carl F. Heiser Special Presidential Award from the (APA) during 1992.[1]
Freudenberger worked for the APA Task Force on Substance Abuse during 1991 and the Board of Professional Affairs from 1975-78. They also worked for the APA on the Council of Representatives; there, they represented the Division of Independent Practice from 1986–89, and the Division of Psychotherapy from 1974–75, and 1982-84. They were president of both the Divisions of Psychotherapy from 1980–81 and of Independent Practice from 1982–83, and also of the New York Society of Clinical Psychologists from 1965–67 and 1978–79, and also a founding board member of the National Academies of Practice during 1981 and a national co-chair of the National Council of Graduate Education in Psychology from 1968-74.[1]
Burnout [ edit ]
The clinical concept which they termed "burn out" was originally developed from their work with the free clinics and through therapeutic communities.[1] Freudenberger defined burnout to be a "state of mental and physical exhaustion caused by one's professional life".[5] Along with colleague Gail North, Freudenberger created a list of phases of burnout.
Family and death [ edit ]
Freudenberger met Arlene Francis Somer during 1961 and they wed soon afterward. Together, they had three children: Lisa, Mark, and Lori. Lisa received a doctoral degree of clinical psychology. Mark became a business entrepreneur (specializing in real estate). Lori became an assistant district attorney. Freudenberger traveled much with their family throughout the United States, and also traveled to Canada, Europe, and Israel. Though they grew up in Germany, they never returned there. Late in life they were interviewed by video by the Shoah Foundation for its collection of memoirs of Jewish Holocaust survivors.[6] From 1994 to 1999, Freudenberger had kidney disease along with failing physical health. They continued to work until they died in New York City Hospital on November 29, 1999.[3]
Could Obamacare be the Barry-cade that traps Obama himself? Could Obamacare be the Barry-cade that traps Obama himself?
Amidst the brouhaha over defunding Obamacare, the government shutting down, the Republican brand plummeting as the party fractures, etc., etc., the GOP is being presented with a golden opportunity that they would be extremely wise to consider and exploit carefully -- Obamacare is about to defund itself.
And this isn't just because of the ridiculously rocky rollout of its website. The government is apparently sending for the private tech industry "fire department" in the Silicon Valley. Those folks will probably be able to unsnarl things sooner or later.
Apple, after all, was able to sell 9 million of their new iPhones in the first weekend, a figure the Affordable Care Act is unlikely to achieve ever, let alone in the first forty-eight hours.
The government hopes to have 7 million insured by March. Now several weeks after launch, less than half a million have taken only the first application step. Who knows how many have actually gotten health insurance. The government isn't saying -- and we can guess why.
Indeed, the entire fiasco is a perfect example of the efficiency of free markets over government.
But that's obvious. What is worse for Obamacare is what happens after they actually fix HealthCare.gov. They need young people to sign up, almost three million of them, to make the system fly, to subsidize it. But why should they? Many twenty and thirty somethings are paying off $20,000-$30,000 student loans. Many others don't have jobs. And those that do, already subsidize Social Security.
When OpenStack launched in 2010, there were only two projects at the time: Nova compute and Swift storage. Over the last seven years, OpenStack has gotten significantly larger and more complicated, with many different projects that are all part of the open-source cloud platform effort.
In a session at the OpenStack Summit in Sydney, Australia on Nov. 8, Thierry Carrez, VP of Engineering at the OpenStack Foundation, detailed a new effort to help map the OpenStack landscape.
"We can't communicate really well by trying to put everything on a map," Carrez said.
Having too many things on a map makes it too crowded and often confusing, which is something that Carrez showed with multiple historical maps. Looking at OpenStack, Carrez said the official maps from the OpenStack Foundation have gone through several generations.
One of the early maps Carrez showed included the different compute and storage projects and connected them with common networking, though in their view that early map was still missing things and was very confusing.
Earlier this year, another attempt was made at mapping OpenStack projects by assigning icons to each project and then simply listing them all out, which Carrez said was also very confusing.
"The message you get out of it is there are just too many things in OpenStack," Carrez said. "The mistake with that approach is it shows all the project teams, but that doesn't match with what users want to actually install."
Carrez emphasized users don't need to know every single project and plugin in order to benefit from OpenStack. As such, a new approach for mapping OpenStack was determined, with several key requirements.
Among the requirements for the map was to show official OpenStack components and not try to provide a map of the whole OpenStack ecosystem. Carrez said another requirement for the map is that it is consumer-centric, showing deliverables rather than product teams. Additionally, it is aligned around buckets, based on who consumes the functionality.
Applying the Art of Cartography to Mapping OpenStack
"What I learned from the art of cartography is that it's about what you remove as much as what you put in the map," Carrez said. "The map is meant to help people make choices and see the options within OpenStack."
The right side of the map (shown below) includes items that are used to help facilitate the operations of an OpenStack cloud. At the bottom of the map are projects to look into to help manage the lifecycle of an OpenStack cloud.
"The map makes clear a few core areas, including compute, networking and storage that live on top of a number of shared services," Carrez said. "It's not about dependencies; the map is meant to represent the things OpenStack produces that a user might be interested in deploying."
Among the items on the map that has been debated within the OpenStack community is the placement of the Zun container project. The Zun container project got started at the end of 2016. On the new OpenStack map, Zun now holds a spot in the compute layer, alongside the core Nova compute service and the Ironic bare-metal project.
Carrez said the new OpenStack map will be updated and versioned regularly to help properly define OpenStack for users. They also noted the goal isn't to communicate everything with a single map and that additional maps will be developed to communicate other use-cases as needed.
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at ServerWatch and InternetNews.com. Follow them on Twitter @TechJournalist.
"Don't compare me to the Almighty," said President Obama when they were running for their second term. "Compare me to the alternative." The point—which other candidates and strategists often have echoed—is plain: The public doesn't get to choose between perfection and imperfection. It must choose between two imperfect options, one of which is better than the other.
This point seems to have been largely overlooked in the discussion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, especially by some of the ACP's most vocal critics: environmentalists and landowners along the pipeline's path through Virginia.
Start with the biggest question about the ACP: Do we need it? The short answer is yes. As a long piece about the pipeline in the Washington Post magazine recently noted, the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan "would essentially regulate coal-fired power plants out of existence, replacing them with gas-powered facilities. The goal is a dramatic overhaul of America's energy grid and a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions."
Bob Burnley, a former head of Virginia's Department of Environmental Quality, told the newspaper: "I grew up professionally with big, nasty coal-fired power plants. This (the Atlantic Coast Pipeline) is a huge step in the right direction. Replacing (coal) with gas is the only thing that makes sense right now."
It's pretty to think the U.S. could replace all that coal-fired generation with renewable energy, but it's not realistic. For one thing, wind and solar power are intermittent. This means they need a dependable backup source so the lights don't go out whenever the weather changes. Advances in distributed generation and energy storage might one day obviate that need—but power companies have to make plans using currently available technology.
A second problem with renewables is acreage. Dominion's new natural-gas plant in Warren County can generate more than 1,300 megawatts on a slab of land that's only 39 acres. By way of comparison, the National Mall in Washington covers 146 acres. Generating the same power from sunlight would require a field of solar panels covering 36,000 acres, or 56 square miles. All of Washington is 68 square miles.
Another option—perhaps the best with regard to climate change—would be to ramp up nuclear power generation. And Dominion is pursuing a license for a third reactor at its North Anna station. But environmentalists don't like that, either. And even if they did, nuclear power requires an extremely long runway to get off the ground. Dominion started working on plans for a third North Anna reactor in 2001.
So the alternatives are: Continue to burn coal and belch greenhouse gases until the coal runs out. Or replace coal with natural gas. Or build nuclear plants as fast as possible—and use more natural gas in the interim. Or build renewable generation with gas-fired backup—and use more natural gas.
The second, third, and fourth options mean new pipelines. And the pipelines have to go somewhere. Dominion has been trying to find the most acceptable route for the ACP for nearly two years now, and every time it comes up with a new option, new objections arise.
The pipeline proposal was unveiled in September of 2014. Within a month, newspapers reported that the "Pipeline's path stirs opposition in Va., W.Va." As one resident in Nelson County put it, "This entire area is too sensitive and significant for a pipeline to go anywhere near."
Two months later, Dominion proposed an alternative route around Nelson, where opposition was fiercest. The alternative, however, was longer and traversed more federal land. Two months after that, Dominion proposed more alternatives designed to skirt historic sites, the property of some prominent pipeline opponents, and sensitive environmental habitats.
But those alternatives had their own downsides. They affected another 276 properties, or crossed the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Appalachian Trail. As a recent story in the Richmond Times-Dispatch pointed out, route alternatives are constrained by the Byzantine rules that govern federal lands. The National Park Service manages most of the Appalachian Trail, but has no authority to approve a pipeline crossing. Some small parts of the trail are controlled by the Forest Service or private parties, and the Forest Service does have approval authority.
The current crossing is at a location controlled by the Forest Service. An act of Congress would be required if Dominion tried to move the pipeline's intersection to a different point along the Trail, as some have suggested.
The efforts were for naught anyway. "Landowners, county officials oppose four alternative routes," the Times-Dispatch reported not much later.
Every time the pipeline path has moved, it has solved one problem but created another. Dominion shifted the route to avoid a cider producer whose owner objected—"but the change moved it closer to the archaeological site of the original Wintergreen village, first settled in 1740," news stories noted.
An alternative route drafted to avoid a historic area in Nelson called Wingina cut through a state wildlife-management area and past a "spiritual community" called Yogaville. Another tweak, this time to avoid wetlands, moved the route even closer to Yogaville. The community's Swami Dayananda called the moves "unconscionable."
When federal forestry officials objected to a route over mountains that they said would affect the federally protected Cow Knob Salamander, Dominion proposed drilling through the mountains. A pipeline opponent worried that would pollute streams.
One of the routes runs past the entrance to the Wintergreen resort. So a group called Friends of Wintergreen drafted their own alternative to that alternative—but that caused problems, too: "Preston Lauterbach, a historian who lives south of Route 664 ... said the Friends of Wintergreen route would cut through their property and others in a historically African-American community founded by freed slaves."
by Brendan K-Edwards
MONTREAL—According to Dr. Alexander Nataros, the McGill Faculty of Medicine has launched personal attacks against them that have “sent chills to the depths of the McGill system.”
A hierarchical professional culture at McGill affiliated hospitals in which senior doctors are viewed as intimidating and unassailable is putting patients lives at risk, said Dr. Nataros, a junior doctor at Saint Mary's hospital.
Dr. Nataros who is currently on a forced paid leave of absence from their family practice, claims that members of the McGill Faculty of Medicine are attempting to defame their name because they reported an incident in which serious errors were made by senior doctors.
Dr. Nataros said that the incident, which took place in November 2012, and is still under investigation by an independent ombudsman, had near fatal consequences. “It was more than just the wrong treatment, there was a missed diagnosis that made it infinitely worse and the patient almost died,” said Nataros. “It was only very quick treatment and a transfer to a tertiary care centre that saved that patient's life.”
According to Dr. Nataros, their decision to report the errors made by senior physicians prompted these doctors to target them with a barrage of personal attacks. They note that in a meeting last December, two of the physicians arrived with numerous letters collected from different doctors stating that they found it difficult to work with Dr. Nataros. “The accusations were that ‘Alex is challenging; ‘Alex is argumentative;' ‘Alex does not respect authority,'” said Dr. Nataros. “But, there has never been an issue with my clinical competency or my patient care.”
In January, Dr. Nataros was placed on academic probation. Since then they have accumulated more than a dozen letters from doctors who have worked with them (left anonymous out of fear of putting their careers in jeopardy) stating that they are an exemplary physician. According to some of these doctors, Dr. Nataros stood up to authority only out of concern for patient safety. The doctors also cited Dr. Nataros' work with the Red Cross and their former position as Oxfam Canada's national youth director as evidence of their strong character.
Despite the availability of positive testimonials from many doctors Dr. Nataros has worked with over the last five years, two review panels failed to clear their name and members of the McGill Faculty of Medicine allegedly launched further personal attacks.
Evidence of the administration's attempts to have Dr. Nataros expelled includes a letter written by the Postgraduate Director of Family Medicine at McGill University that question's Nataros' mental health and requests that they take a medical evaluation. The letter, which Nataros has now made available to the media, includes a written account from a second-year medical student, who claims that Nataros displayed “bizarre, unpredictable behaviour” at a public McGill event. Nataros said that, although they attended the event and participated in the question and answer period, the story about their behavior is completely fabricated. They also said that they have done an independent psychiatric evaluation to disprove any rumours that they are mentally ill.
The alleged attempts made by the McGill Medical Faculty to discredit Nataros's claims come at a particularly sensitive time as there was a full accreditation of McGill's post-graduate residency training program from March 17 to March 24.
Although Dr. Nataros is intent on clearing their name, they said that they are also focused on creating new ways to promote patient safety in what they see as a dysfunctional healthcare system.  They are quick to argue that their case is not unique but emblematic of a hierarchical medical culture in which few young doctors choose to question authority out of fear of reprisal. “In Montreal, we have a very, very, toxic culture…many of us that are trying to strive for improvement in patient safety, in helping our patients, when we try and do that, it is applauded everywhere else, but here at McGill we are shamed and intimidated and beat down,” said Dr. Nataros.
There is no doubt that the choice to stand up to members of the McGill medical community whom they refer to as “bullies,” has dramatically altered the young doctor's life. “This process is rewarding for me because I went into medicine to help improve our healthcare system,” said Nataros. “But, at the same time, it's crushing for me because I am now forbidden from serving my patients. So I have an entire practice of patients in the family medicine centre at Saint Mary's hospital that are now deprived of their family doctor.”
Despite all this Dr. Nataros remains optimistic about the potential for reform within the Quebec Healthcare System. “We have legions of whistleblowers they are called residents, they are called medical students, they are called nurses,” said Dr. Nataros. “All we need to do is provide protection. We need transparency and honesty and we need a system that identifies mistakes because that will protect the patients”
Brendan K-Edwards is a Montreal writer.
Yesterday, NebraskaWatchDog.org posted an article that began with the following:
A Nebraska environmentalist has started a petition on change.org urging University of Nebraska officials to end the tradition of releasing thousands of red Husker balloons after the first touchdown of every Husker football game. "Releasing balloons to celebrate the first touchdown at Husker football games is nothing short of mass littering - punishable by fines most everywhere else - and the practice kills wildlife while polluting Nebraska and states thousands of miles away," petition promoter Benjamin Vogt wrote on their blog Tuesday. "This is not a tradition worth keeping if we love Nebraska, our home.
I don't know who or what NebraskaWatchDog.org is, whether it's a lefty, commie site, or a righty, neo-con site, and I don't care.
In the interest of keeping things short, I'll say I agree that it's time for the balloon tradition to end.
(For those non-Husker who might be reading this article - it is a longstanding tradition that Husker fans release a red ballon after the first score. Hardcore traditionalists will say it's the first touchdown, but they have probably never had a small child next to them wanting to release their balloon because the child had grown bored of having one tied to their hand for too long during a field goalfest of a game.)
I get the attraction of balloons. What kid doesn't like a balloon... or at least, I think they still like balloons. It's been a long time since I was a kid.
Better yet, what parent doesn't like a balloon? They're cheap entertainment for a child, certainly. Tie one to their wrist, and it's like you've sat them down in front of a TV for 30 minutes. Methinks that's how most parents see them. Secretly children wish to be rid of the damned things because they can interfere with the eating of ice cream or other sweets, so they wish for the same as the adults; a touchdown on the first offensive drive.
The problem with the combination of balloon and child is getting rid of the balloon without upsetting the child. Balloons are not easily hidden nor deflated. Pop the balloon and you have an upset child. Create a tradition where said team scores against opponent and you release the balloon to go off somewhere... where? Who cares. You've gotten rid of a balloon without the child being upset, established a tradition, made the dangerous balloon mafia happy all in one shot.
Do a few thousand balloons make a huge impact on the environment? Probably not, and possibly not as much as those empty Keystone Lights you keep chucking out the open window of your pickup after you're done with them, but as the earth's population grows, each piece of non-biodegradable plastic (and aluminum) that's left lying around continues to add up over time. This is important even in Western Nebraska where there are far more cows than people.
The real problem is the rest of the world has taken to frowning on the random release of plastic into the air. Never mind whether the balloon is bio-degradable, it's a bad look these days, and the last thing Nebraska needs to do is to look outdated. Wait until the day a top recruit turns down Nebraska because the Cornhusker program is not "green" and everyone will be wondering who was responsible for such an outdated ritual.
Those opposed to ending this tradition are likely thinking; "What's the big deal, they're just balloons", to which the proper response is "What's the big deal, they're just balloons."
In a few years, the sky will be filled with drones anyway, and while you might not think it a big deal a balloon landing in your garden, a drone brought down by an errant balloon crashing onto your garden, your car, or your Husker tailgate is an entirely different matter altogether.
It's time for this tradition to end.
(In the interest of full disclosure, I have hated balloons ever since having one as a child only to have it taken by my sister, who then played the "let's see how high it gets before I can't catch it" game and as we all know there's only one end to that. I had a wretched childhood after that and it's obviously left me an embittered old man.)
NEWS
pssst... Update your iOS Official #Huskers App. — Kelly Mosier (@kmosier42) September 24, 2014
Nebraska 2014-15 Big Ten Conference Schedule Breakdown - BT Powerhouse
Nebrasketball looks to build on their successful 2013-14 campaign, but faces a grueling Big Ten schedule. Can they handle it?
Tim Miles Heats up on Recruiting Trail, Nebraska adds commitment from '15 4* PF - BT Powerhouse
Tim Miles has been getting hot on the recruiting trail and is currently bringing better talent to Nebraska than their meager basketball history might suggest. But what does that mean for Nebraska and the remainder of the Big Ten going forward?
Nebraska's Defensive End Randy Gregory Named WK 4 Lott IMPACT Player of The Week | Lott IMPACT Trophy
The 6-6, 240-pound junior from Fishers, Indiana had two sacks (25 yards lost), forced a fumble, two quarterback hurries and seven total tackles in the Cornhuskers' 41-31 win over Miami.
New Parking Policy for Husker Game Announced at Indian Center - KHGI-TV/KWNB-TV/KHGI-CD-Grand Island, Kearney, Hastings
After last week's 13 tailgating arrests during the Huskers football game, officials with the Indian Center are drawing up some new rules.
Huskers Showing More Defensive Maturity - Huskers.com - Nebraska Athletics Official Web Site
Lincoln, Neb.- The Nebraska football team continued its preparations for its primetime Big Ten conference opener Saturday night with the Illinois Fighting Illini, and David Santos is wearing a knee brace.
5 ways of responding to Michigan's Coca-Cola debacle - SBNation.com
The Wolverines distanced themselves from Monday night's "2 free tickets vs. Minnesota" promotion, but that doesn't mean we can't keep making jokes about it.
Detroit Lions rookie CB Mohammed Seisay shakes early nerves, penalty in professional debut | MLive.com
One play after drawing a defensive holding penalty, the undrafted rookie cornerback blew up a run in the backfield for a three-yard loss.
Spurrier pokes Texas A&M over schedule, Sumlin pokes back - SBNation.com
Maybe not the best idea to take a shot at a team that beat you, coach.
Mississippi State fans petition the SEC to pull stomping suspension - SBNation.com
It's probably not going to work.
by Whiteout Press
Excerpts:
In case readers missed it with all the coverage of the Trayvon Martin murder trial and the Supreme Court's rulings on gay marriage and the Voting Rights Act, the US Supreme Court also made a ruling on lawsuits against drug companies for fraud, mislabeling, side effects and accidental death. From now on, 80 percent of all drugs are exempt from legal liability.
In a 5-4 vote, the US Supreme Court struck down a lower court's ruling and award for the victim of a pharmaceutical drug's adverse reaction. According to the victim and the state courts, the drug caused a flesh-eating side effect that left the patient permanently disfigured over most of their body. The adverse reaction was hidden by the drugmaker and later forced to be included on all warning labels. But the highest court in the land ruled that the victim had no legal grounds to sue the corporation because its drugs are exempt from lawsuits.
Karen Bartlett vs. Mutual Pharmaceutical Company
In 2004, Karen Bartlett was prescribed the generic anti-inflammatory drug Sulindac, manufactured by Mutual Pharmaceutical, for their sore shoulder. Three weeks after taking the drug, Bartlett began suffering from a disease called, ‘toxic epidermal necrolysis'. The condition is extremely painful and causes the victim's skin to peel off, exposing raw flesh in the same manner as a third degree burn victim.
Karen Bartlett sued Mutual Pharma in New Hampshire state court, arguing that the drug company included no warning about the possible side effect. A court agreed and awarded their $21 million. The FDA went on to force both Mutual, and the original drug manufacturer Merck & Co., to include the side effect on the two drugs' warning labels going forward.
Now, nine years after the tragedy began, the US Supreme Court overturned the state court's verdict and award. Justices cited the fact that all generic drugs and their manufacturers, some 80% of all drugs consumed in the United States, are exempt from liability for side effects, mislabeling or virtually any other negative reactions caused by their drugs. In short, the Court ruled that the FDA has ultimate authority over pharmaceuticals in the US. And if the FDA says a drug is safe, that takes precedent over actual facts, real victims and any and all adverse reactions.
Immediately upon the Supreme Court's ruling, both drug manufacturers and Wall Street investors were celebrating. As one financial analyst pointed out, drug company profits should skyrocket going forward. Not only do the pharmaceutical companies no longer have to worry about safety or side effects, they are exempt from the multi-million dollar court-imposed settlements awarded to victims of their drugs.
One industry critic was quoted by Reuters after the verdict. “Today's court decision provides a disincentive for generic makers of drugs to monitor safety of their products and to make sure that they have a surveillance system in place to detect adverse events that pose a threat to patients,” Michael Carome, director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group told the news outlet.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-VT) was quick to react to the ruling by writing a stern letter to FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg, “A consumer should not have their rights foreclosed simply because they take the generic version of a prescription drug.”
But an attorney for the drug companies, Jay P. Lefkowitz, took the opposing position saying, “It makes much more sense to rely on the judgments of the scientific and medical experts at the FDA, who look at drug issues for the nation at large, than those of a single state court jury that only has in front of it the terribly unfortunate circumstances of an adverse drug reaction.”
In other words, if the FDA says something is safe, it doesn't matter if that decision is wrong or the result of lies, fraud or deception on the part of the world's pharmaceutical companies. And there's no way to sue the FDA for being wrong and costing millions of unsuspecting Americans their lives. That result leaves 240 million Americans unprotected from an industry responsible for more preventable deaths in the US than any other cause.
Read the Full Story Here: http://www.whiteoutpress.com/articles/q32013/supreme-court-rules-drug-companies-exempt-from-lawsuits/
Free Shipping Available for this book!
Smith takes tips from Red Sox
It could be a new tradition for Australia's cricket captains – throwing the ceremonial first pitch at a Major League Baseball game in the United States. Michael Clarke paved the way with the St Louis Cardinals in 2014 and now Steve Smith has followed suit with the Boston Red Sox.
Fresh from leading Australia's one-day team to victory in the Caribbean tri-series with the West Indies and South Africa, Smith stopped off in Boston before their next official engagement in Sri Lanka.
There they toured the famous Fenway Park facility and met with Boston's all-star second baseman Dustin Pedroia where they swapped the flat face of a cricket bat for the rounded slugger used in the diamond game.
Smith's natural flair and ability was quickly evident as they made good connection, sending balls deep into the Fenway outfield, but wasn't able to land a home run and clear the park's famous "Green Monster" – an 11.33m high wall in left field that has thwarted many would-be hitters.
"He had a good swing … it was pretty cool to watch," Pedroia said.
"He looked good, anytime you can come out and hit balls like that, without doing it (regularly) it's pretty impressive."
Smith launches one at Fenway Park batting practice // supplied
Smith, in typical Steve Smith style, was busy critiquing their technique and looking for ways to improve.
"It took me a little while to get into it, I was hitting the ball a bit more up, a little bit more like how a cricket bat should go," the Australia skipper said.
"But I think you've got to hit it a bit more 'down', to get the backspin on the ball to get some more distance.
"Unfortunately I couldn't get one over the 'Green Monster'."
Pedroia, with a game to play the same day, declined the opportunity for a skill swap and didn't try their hand at cricket, claiming they "did not want to embarrass myself". The Red Sox later lost to the Los Angeles Angels 21-2.
Before that match began, Smith was involved in the traditional pre-game activities, spray painting the home plate with a fresh coat of white paint, and later throwing out the first pitch.
Kyly Clarke threw the first pitch at St Louis' Busch Stadium ahead of a match against the Chicago Cubs, with then Australia captain Michael catching at home plate when they visited the US in April 2014.
A memory for a lifetime! Check it out, me hitting up Busch Stadium for last nights first pitch & hubby @MClarke catching @rawlingssg @cardinals #greattimes A video posted by K Y L Y C L A R K E (@kylyclarke) on Apr 12, 2014 at 5:47pm PDT
It makes Steve the first Australian cricket captain to complete the time-honoured tradition along rock stars, celebrities, US presidents.
Unlike most, however, Smith is a noted fieldsman and accurate thrower with a powerful arm. And instead of gently lobbing the ball in, Smith unleashed their arm cannon over the full 18.4m with a rocketing throw. A little high and a little wide - a baseball is a little bigger and a little heavier after all - and caught the unsuspecting female member of the Red Sox support staff acting as a catcher off guard.
Almost Human has announced that their dungeon crawling sequel Legend of Grimrock 2 is now officially in beta. By reaching beta, the game now includes all game features, enemies and levels present in the final game.
Juho Salila of the Almost Human team said:
“We feel the game is like a raw diamond and now we're concentrating fully on polishing every aspect of the game until everything is perfect and shining.”
The beta will be closed with access given to a carefully selected group of people. By keeping the beta closed, the developers at Almost Human believe they can personally interact with the testers much better and thus get better and more accurate feedback.
Almost Human has released a teaser video to celebrate that can be viewed below.
Legend of Grimrock 2 is a sequel to the chart-topping, critically acclaimed dungeon exploration role-playing game Legend of Grimrock that revived the dungeon crawling genre in 2012.
The game is a dungeon crawling game inspired by oldschool classics of the genre while still bringing its own twists to the game. The game features survival, combat, magic, puzzles and role-playing elements. The player controls a group of prisoners that have shipwrecked on a mysterious island of Nex.
The player's mission is to form a team to help survive the ever present monsters and escape from the island. During the journey the player encounters mysterious puzzles, deadly traps, ancient tombs and horrible monsters summoned by the ominous presence on the island.
Legend of Grimrock 2 will be released as a digital download this fall for PC, followed by Mac version later in the year.
Enjoy!
- WWEShop.com recently once again removed all CM Punk merchandise. Any search for Punk on the site returns, "Did you mean: CM PINK"
- As noted earlier, AJ Lee was backstage at last night's RAW in Dallas, TX. They may have been getting checked to see if they could return to action, because has been removed from this weekend's WWE live events in New Jersey. They were also asked on Twitter yesterday if they were 100% healed from their injury, and they simply replied, "nope."
- Kevin Nash, who was forced to miss Maryland Championship Wrestling's (MCW) Seasons Beatings on December 27th due to a medical emergency with their son, will be appearing at MCW's Anniversary 2015 on February 7th in Joppa, MD. Nash will be joined by Lita, Road Warrior Animal and other MCW wrestlers at the pre-show fan fest from 5:30 to 7:30pm. A ticket for Anniversary 2015 is required to attend the fan fest and get photo ops. You can get more information at marylandwrestling.com/.
- Speaking of MCW, Bob "Hardcore" Holly will hold a wrestling seminar at the MCW Training Center in Joppa, MD this Sunday, January 25th from noon until 4pm. The seminar is $75 and is only open to trained professionals. There are a limited amount of spots available, to reserve yours, send an email to [email protected]
Jeffrey Beau Winner contributed to this article.
The people--excuse me, scientists--from the German drug giant Boehringer-Ingelheim will soon be presenting their new panty-dropping pill to the FDA. The pill is called flibanserin.
America's remains clueless, as they keep referring to it as the "pink Viagra." Viagra works below the belt to help the penis have more of the chemicals it needs to get hard. It doesn't concern itself with whether a man wants to have or not. The German panty-dropping pill works very differently. It assumes the woman's pelvic plumbing is just fine. Its is to turn their feeling of "ho-hum" into "I've gotta have it," although its effects are much more subtle and it's not going to dramatically change anyone's sex life. Unlike Viagra, the women needs to take it every day of every month, and unlike Viagra, flibanserin operates on the woman's brain and could potentially impact their thought processes.
As for the hurdles Boehringer-Ingelheim has to clear with their new panty-dropping pill, I will focus on two areas: Placebo Effects and College Coeds.
PLACEBO EFFECTS. It's the darndest thing about sex, but sugar pills tend to be incredibly effective in curing what ails you. If you tell someone with sexual issues that the are about to give them might actually be the drug of their , the chances are good they will report that the pill increased their sexual satisfaction, at least while the study is still going on.
This will be one of the first things that the German giant's marketing people--uh, scientists--will need to convince the FDA of: that their new pill will cause more panties to drop than sugar pills. Naturally, they won't ask the obvious questions that you or I might, such as: how does it compare to a vacation when you are working a fulltime job and raising kids, or to having friendly conversations and fun when that's been missing from your relationship, or to having a new lover when your partner feels like an old or roommate. How does it compare to a few sessions of couples ? And if only 1% or 2% of women with low desire actually need to take a pill for it, how do you know which ones?
I could go on and on about the scientific rigor needed to prove whether flibanserin actually works and for whom. Mercifully, I'll just say that the FDA is no stranger to companies using creative methodologies in an attempt to prove that their product achieves statistical significance.
COLLEGE COEDS: Equally important as the placebo issue--and this is one where I feel that Boehringer-Ingelheim should have their genitals held to the fire--is in proving that flibanserin is safe when surreptitiously dropped into a young woman's beer or soda at a college fraternity party.
This was never a concern about Viagra, given that most young men have boners that work better than their brains. However, I believe that regardless of whether flibanserin actually works or not, it will likely share the date-rape-drug throne with Ambien. As a result, it better be safe when given to a woman who already has high levels of in their system, or when it's slipped into the beverage of a woman who is diabetic, stoned or is taking prescription medications.
Perhaps providing flibanserin in patches rather than pills would be , given how patches probably float in beer better than pills. (This would assume flibanserin can be delivered transdermally.) Either way, it would be pure insanity to not assume that spiking drinks or nachos at college parties will be an anticipated abuse of this prescription drug, regardless of how slow-acting it might be.
As for my own history with Boehringer-Ingelheim, in late 2008 I was contacted by their manager of regional medicine "to talk about potential areas of educational and scientific ." This went nowhere fast.
The Boehringer-Ingelheim manager said they wanted "to exchange scientific and disease-specific, (rather than product-focused) information." If applied to flibanserin, this kind of approach would pose another hurdle for Boehringer-Ingelheim, as it begs the question of whether Boehringer-Ingelheim believes that female sexual desire should be regarded as a disease. If so, a woman who wants sex with their partner is disease free, but if she's lost their desire for him, they need to take a pill.
So the question would be, how often is loss of desire like a disease which has a physiological cause, and how often is it situational, where it might be due to , overwork, boredom, money issues, or a lack of communication and romance in the relationship? You can be sure Boehringer-Ingelheim or their drug reps will market flibanserin in such a way that every woman who has stopped feeling sexually attracted to their partner will feel they need a prescription for it, so it better make sense for every woman whether the cause of their low desire is physiological or situational.
On the brighter side, I do have my own marketing plan for flibanserin. I think Boehringer-Ingelheim should make flibanserin in three different strengths: Flibanserin-Light, Flibanserin-Regular and Flibanserin-Super:
"FLIBANSERIN-LIGHT will increase your chances of getting a hand job by 7% more than placebo, and 3% more than a fun evening together that includes a nice dinner and lots of conversation."
"FLIBANSERIN-REGULAR will increase your chances of getting a blow job by 3% more than placebo, and 1% more than a fun evening together that includes a nice dinner and lots of conversation."
"FLIBANSERIN-SUPER will increase your chances of getting vaginal intercourse by 8% more than placebo, and 2% more than a fun evening together that includes a nice dinner and lots of conversation."
I'd also make sure that every ad for flibanserin would include a pair of panties that appeared as though they had been tossed there by a woman in the throes of sexual passion.
NOTE: A colleague just let me know that they would want evidence showing that this particular class of does not increase including compulsive shopping or gambling, although the enconomy could certainly use a bit of the former.
They would also want to know about the addictive potential of this class of drugs, as it may have a high potential for that.
The illustration of the kissing couple is by Daerick Gross Sr.
WESTCHESTER COUNTY, N.Y. -- Not sure what you're doing for Memorial Day? Here is a list of Memorial Day events in Westchester.
Ardsley
Ardsley's Memorial Day Ceremony and Parade, sponsored by American Legion Post 458, will take place Monday, May 26, at Pascone Park (the parade steps off at 10 a.m. on Park Avenue, heading east on Ashford Avenue).
Bedford
Bedford Hills Memorial Day Parade and Ceremonies will begin at 9 a.m., Monday, May 26, at Bedford Hills Elementary School on Babbitt Road.
The Katonah Memorial Day Parade and Ceremony will begin at 10 a.m., Monday, May 26, at the Katonah Fire Department and will proceed down Katonah Avenue up Parkway to Lawrence Circle.
The Bedford Village Memorial Day Parade and Ceremony will begin at 11:15 a.m., Monday, May 26, It will start at the corner of Seminary Road and Pound Ridge Road, then take a right onto Pound Ridge Road (Route 172) to the Village Green.
Bronxville
The Bronxville Parent Teacher Association will be holding a Memorial Day Carnival and Art Tent on Monday, May 26, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Hayes Field on Midland Avenue.
Chappaqua
The Chappaqua Memorial Day parade will be taking place on Monday, May 26, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Cortlandt Manor
Verplanck's Memorial Day Parade will begin at 238 8th Street and Highland Avenue at 11 a.m., Monday, May 26. It will end at Veterans Memorial Park on Riverview Avenue at which time there will be a Memorial Service.
Eastchester
Students at William E. Cottle, Tuckahoe Middle School and Tuckahoe High School will celebrate the Memorial Day holiday with music and patriotic tributes on Thursday, May 22.
Elmsford
The village of Elmsford will host its annual Memorial Day parade and services on Monday, May 26, with the parade stepping off at 10:30 a.m. at Legion Park.
Harrison
Harrison will be holding its Memorial Day Parade and Celebration at 10 a.m. on Monday, May 26. Parade marches from Halstead Avenue to Ma Riis Park.
Hartsdale
The Hartsdale Fire Department will host a Memorial Day parade and ceremony Monday, May 26, beginning at 10 a.m. at the Hartsdale train station plaza.
Hastings-on-Hudson
Hastings-on-Hudson will be holding its Memorial Day parade on Sunday, May 25 at 2 p.m. The parade will process down Main Street and Warburton Avenue.
Larchmont
The 2014 Village of Larchmont Memorial Day Parade will be held on Thursday, May 22 at 7 p.m. Line-up will be at the train station in parking lot No. 3 (above I-95) at 6:45 p.m. After the Memorial Day Service there will be complimentary hot dogs and water.Parade route: Chatsworth Ave to Palmer Ave to Larchmont Ave ending at Village Hall.
Mamaroneck
The Village of Mamaroneck will be holding its Memorial Day Parade on Friday, May 30 at 6:30 p.m.
Mount Kisco
Mount Kisco will be holding its Memorial Day parade on Friday, May 30, at 7 p.m. The parade will begin at the Veterans Memorial between the cemeteries. After a short tribute, the parade will proceed up Smith Avenue and then left on Main Street and end at Village Hall, where a memorial ceremony will be conducted by Moses Taylor Post #136 American Legion.
New Rochelle
The New Rochelle Memorial Day Parade and Community Event will be held on Monday, May 26, at Memorial Plaza and Hudson Park.
Pelham
The Pelham Memorial Day Parade will take place on Monday, May 26 at 11:30 a.m. It will begin at the Esplanade across from The Manor Club in Pelham Manor.
Rye
Marching organizations, bands, vintage cars, and veterans will parade down Purchase Street to the Village Green at 9:30 a.m. on Monday, May 26.
Somers
The town of Somers will be having its Memorial Day parade on Monday, May 26, at 10 a.m. It will begin at Somers Middle School and proceed to Ivandell Cemetery on Route 202.
White Plains
The City of White Plains will be holding its Memorial Day parade on Monday, May 26, at 10 a.m. The parade will march from Library Plaza to White Plains Rural Cemetery.
Yonkers
The City of Yonkers Memorial Day Ceremony will be held at the Veterans Memorial on Monday, May 26, at 9 a.m. The memorial is at 40 S. Broadway.
The Crestwood Memorial Day Parade will also begin at 9 a.m. at Schultze Park.
The Catholic Slovak Club Memorial Day Ceremony will be held at 12 p.m. at Victory Park at Lockwood Avenue. VFW Empire Post 375 will host its Memorial Day services at 2 p.m. Post 375 is at 10 Huber Place.
The City of Yonkers Memorial Day Parade will step off at 6 p.m. at Charles Bajart Post 1122, 840 McLean Avenue.
Yorktown Yorktown will be having their Annual Memorial Day Parade and Ceremonies on Monday, May 26. At 11 a.m., there will be a service at Memorials located at Town Hall. The parade will begin at 11:15 a.m. with speeches and a ceremony at John “Jack” DeVito Gazebo located at the Yorktown Community and Cultural Center.
Did we miss one? Comment below and let us know where you're heading!
@suzannesamin
ssamin@dailyvoice.com
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Antonio Candreva certainly played a blinder last night, didn't he?
Though Federico Bernardeschi and Lorenzo Insigne would come on and do better, Lazio's captain has been in decent form of late, once again attracting the attention of some of Italy's biggest clubs.
We recently wrote of Inter, Juventus and Milan's interest in him... now, however, it appears that the Aquile's talent is a fan of Inter Milan, according to transfer pundit Fabrizio Romano.
Not only do they seem tired of Lazio, but they want a new adventure. Admittedly, they would also be interested in playing for rivals Milan and Juve... but the Nerazzurri boast a great rapport with their entourage.
Manager Roberto Mancini is also very enthuastic about the former Udinese man, the only problem being that Claudio Lotito isn't known for selling off the family jewels. The Beneamata is preparing a €20 million offer, short of the €25 Lotito would have settled for in January, when they shot down Inter after initially asking them for €28.
Candreva, lest some of you have forgotten, is 29, and hasn't exactly shined over the last two seasons.
@FabrizioRomano, translated by @EdoDalmonte
Now before the Mods delete this, I would like to explore this as I am doing so in the wrong threads, so please bear with me. Please do not delete any of this as I want folks to at least read it, if you must, fine me points if necessary, but let me keep the text as I have presented it please.
The scoffers will immediately dismiss the source, but some who would like to discuss this would maybe like to dispute the information presented. If the source is absolute bunk then the brilliant minds here should be able to dismiss these 'theories' outright no?
I would like to do it this way if you don't mind, Pick a number and then discuss only that number in your reply. Please title each of your responses with the number so readers can follow.
I will post mine first.........as a reply to another thread with BH. It was brought up that evolution is only theory but supported by Science and that no Creation can be supported as such....so lets see.
Please lets keep it civil, (ME INCLUDED)
Scientific Fact No. 1 - Birds Prove Natural Selection is Naturally Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 2 - Species Without a Link Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 3 - Single Cell Complexity Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 4 - Human Egg and Sperm Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 5 - DNA Error Checking Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 6 - Chaos From Organization Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 7 - Chromosome Count Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 8 - Origin of Matter and Stars Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 9 - Lack of Life on Mars Proves Evolution is Wrong
Scientific Fact No. 10 - Radio Silence from Space Proves Evolution is Wrong
Now as a side note, I would like to present this article for discussion also, lets call it # 12 shall we? This one I need to look into as I do not quite follow this as I should even though I took Introductory Geology. I am really having trouble with any scientific explanation for this one.
I know I posted more than I should but most will not follow the link, maybe this way they will actually READ it before responding.
A story about two friends from day one.
More than 150 international donors to the Sangh Parivar had meetings last week in Delhi and Lucknow to urge the government to build a Ram temple on the site of the demolished Babri Masjid in Ayodhya. The 460-year-old mosque was demolished on December 6, 1992, by a mob affiliated to the Sangh. They claim that the mosque was built on birthplace of the god Ram.
The non-resident Indians, who were afforded an unusually high level of access to Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Adityanath, were taken to Ayodhya, where they visited “the spot on which Ram temple is to be constructed” and inspected the Sangh Parivar's preparations at Karsevakpuram, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad's front office in the town.
“They were over 150 in number and had come from 22 different countries, the majority from the US, Canada, UK and United Arab Emirates,” Vishwa Hindu Parishad's spokesperson Vinod Bansal told Scroll.in on Sunday, a day after the tour ended. Their organisation put the trip together.
“The NRIs expressed their desire to fund Ram temple at Ayodhya but asked the government to remove all hurdles and start the construction before 2019 Lok Sabha election,” Bansal said. “They are getting restless because they don't understand why this can't happen now that the BJP is in power both at the Centre and in the state.”
The three-day “Ayodhya Chalo” tour of the NRIs was meticulously planned, scheduled and charted down to the last minute.
Kick-starting the tour, the NRIs were felicitated by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, which also hosted a lunch for them at its RK Puram office in New Delhi on May 4. “VHP President G Raghava Reddy and Secretary General Champatrai were also present on the occasion,” Bansal said.
Memo submitted
The same evening, they were hosted for dinner by the BJP president at the party's headquarters. “Amit Shah said on the occasion that the government is working hard to remove all hurdles and speed up the construction of Ram temple at Ayodhya,” said an NRI who participated in the event.
Acting on behalf of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Shah recieved a memorandum from the NRIs. They urged the government not to wait for a resolution of the Ayodhya dispute by the Supreme Court, which is considering the case, and to take steps to ensure that the construction of the temple starts before the 2019 Lok Sabha election, BJP officials said.
After spending the night in the Capital's Hyatt Regency hotel, the NRIs were flown to Lucknow on May 5. From there, they went to Ayodhya in air-conditioned busses.
In Ayodhya, they visited the makeshift temple at the disputed site. Later, they inspected the stone work at Karsevakpuram, where, apart from being briefed by Vishwa Hindu Parishad officials about the Sangh Parivar's preparations for the construction of a Ram temple, they spoke to some sadhus.
On May 6, they were hosted for lunch by Adityanath at the Chief Minister's residence in Lucknow. Like Shah, Adityanath assured the Sangh's foreign dignitaries that they would work to remove the hurdles to the construction of the temple.
In a podcast with the Official PlayStation Blog, Community Manager Ian Tornay, aka Crash 7800, spoke a few words about DICE's upcoming expansion pack to Battlefield 3, Back to Karkand.
Here, they really stressed the words “expansion pack.” We're interested in not doing map packs. We want to make expansions. We want to add content and we want to change the way people are playing.” Whether or not this was a hint at other franchises with heavy duty post-launch support, this is definitely a unique take on adding content to a big hit title with long lasting value. If we can take Battlefield: Bad Company 2's Vietnam as any indication, we can expect good things from DICE in the future. “With Frostbite 2 being a new engine and Battlefield 3 being our biggest launch ever and the best Battlefield ever, we're so focussed on getting user feedback. We really want Battlefield to be long tailed, to be for the users by the users,” Mentioned Tornay. What we can most likely take from this is that if you have any strong ideas for post-launch downloadable content, let DICE know. As Tornay said, “we're not ruling anything out.”
Alan Kertz also recently spoke more on the subject of balance in their continuing search for fan feedback.
Some fans noticed their intent to increase the general damage of semi-automatic sniper rifles, assault rifles and light machine guns over long range. Kertz clarified saying, “slightly, so that it's 5 hits at range even if you hit limbs.” Speaking of range, some have noticed that the range of the recon class weapons aren't as long as what many think is should be. Kertz responds: “All bullets had a standard time to live, the sniper rounds will be getting an increase in the future.” Lastly, Kertz has stated the final word on more than 24 players on consoles: “Not this generation.”
Are you happy with DICE's take on post-launch “expansions?” What type of DLC would you like to see in the future? Let us know in the comments below!
Don't forget to check out the full list of Back to Karkand Weapons and Attachments.
BF3 – G3A3 to be Buffed, Vehicle Changes, Mouse Issues Fixed and more
[Beast]Lairs
Beast: The Primordial
Welcome back! Before we get into our next Beast reveal, I want to mention that if you happen to be attending GenCon in Indianapolis this summer, you can sign up to play Beast: The Primordial. Just plug the word “beast” into the “game system” slot when searching for events. I'm running the Thursday 8PM slot (“The Skull Beneath the Skin”).
And on we go!
Every dragon has their cave, every kraken their ocean. A Beast is both human being and an ancient, Primordial creature. Beast and Soul are permanently entwined — at any time, a Beast can concentrate and see through their Soul's eyes, deep in the Primordial Dream. When the material, fleshy world is especially similar to their inner landscape, they can even step through physically, vanishing to fully inhabit their other self.
The monstrous form victims see in their dreams is only part of a Beast's Soul, however, albeit an important one. The dream-landscape the Soul hunts in is as much a part of the nightmare as the monster at its heart, and equally vital to the Beast. That landscape grows as the Beast explores their Legend, incorporating places from their physical life as it expands. It's their sanctuary within the Primordial Dream, their hunting grounds — their Lair.
Lair in Beast: The Primordial is an Advantage rated from 1 to 10 dots. It determines both the raw power of the Beast's Soul and the size and traits of the Lair it resides in. As Beasts explore their Legends, their Lairs expand.
Chambers and Burrows
Only a very young Beast has their Soul confined to a single “location” in the Primordial Dream, and even one mere days from realizing their Primordial self has the potential for growth. As Beasts age and explore their Legends, their Lairs expand to incorporate additional Chambers based on locations they have encountered in the physical world. Within the Primordial Dream, the different Chambers of a Beast's Lair act like rooms, connected by dream “passageways” called Burrows. Beasts have a much easier time accessing their Lair in locations resembling one of their Chambers, and can even open Primordial Pathways to allow others access, but the more Chambers a Beast has, the further their soul ranges when starving, and the more opportunities a Hero has to break into the Lair.
Expanding the Lair
The Primordial Dream is a deep, almost animalistic layer of the human soul. It exists beneath the veneer of sapience and civilization that comforts the World of Darkness' population, and it's in this unsettling layer that Beasts make their Lairs. To expand the Lair and add an additional Chamber, a Beast must find a location in the physical world that resonates with both their Legend and the Primordial Dream.
A location qualifies for inclusion in the Primordial Dream as long as it meets the following requirements;
The environment must contain at least one element matching a Lair Trait in the Beast's Lair.
And either
The Beast must have achieved an exceptional success on a Nightmare activation roll within the scene
Or
Another character must have lost Integrity via a breaking point within the scene.
If the scene meets these requirements and the Beast has an available Chamber slot due to their Lair rating, the player simply pays one Satiety and the new Chamber forms with one Burrow of the Beast's design connecting it to any already existing Chamber.
Even after the effort to trigger the Lair's expansion, though, the process of adding to the Primordial Dream is taxing. A Beast can only add one additional Chamber to their Lair per story.
Lair Traits
Every Beast's Lair is unique, an expression of their Primordial Self honed as hunting ground and sanctuary. By exploiting the Lair within herself, a Beast can cause the material world to take on some of its properties, with effects ranging from the subtle to the explosive.
Beast characters have a number of Lair Traits determined by their Lair rating. When the character gains Lair, the player can choose new Lair Traits as appropriate. These Traits are Environmental Tilts describing conditions within the Lair. For example, a kraken-form Makara might have the Lair Traits “Flooded” and “Freezing Cold.”
Imposing Traits
When a Beast finds themselves in a situation outside the Lair where one or more of their Lair Trait Tilts is already in effect, the location is resonant with their Traits. While resonant, they may impose the effects of as many more of their Lair Trait Tilts as they wish, up to the limit granted by their Lair rating within a single scene. At Lair 1, this limit is 1, so a starting Beast character may use the presence of either of their Tilts to cause the other.
Beasts may — and often do — create the initial Tilt through guile and manipulating the terrain, or capitalize on the powers of other supernatural beings. For example, a Makara with the Lair Trait of “downpour” may set off a sprinkler system to then use the resonance in order to impose their other Traits.
At the end of the scene, or when the Beast imposing them wishes to stop, the imposed Lair Traits vanish, though their aftereffects remain. For example, if a Namtaru whose Heart resembles the digestive tract of a gargantuan creature imposes the Corrosive and Flooded Traits to fill a room with acids, the damage to everything in the room remains when they stop imposing the Traits, without any trace of the corrosive liquid that caused it.
Flooded
Waist-high fluid or viscous material fills the Lair, making characters trying to move through struggle for every step. Whether it's mud, gore, dead insects, effluent, or simply water, the Lair Trait affects all Physical dice pools. Waist-high floods impose a -2 penalties to actions by characters wading through it. Deeper floods force characters to swim or hold their breath to progress through completely submerged areas.
Corrosive
Whether it's a pool of acid, a corrosive atmosphere, or more overtly supernatural environments such as metal flash-rusting or organic matter slowly petrifying or turning to salt, something in the Lair eats away at flesh and degrades matter. The Beast's player defines what the corrosion affects based on the Lair's description. Affected characters suffer one aggravated damage per turn of exposure, and objects lose one Durability per turn.
JACKSONVILLE, FL (Haskell PR) – Haskell, a leading integrated design, engineering and construction firm, announced today that it has been selected to design-build a new orbital rocket manufacturing facility for Blue Origin. The facility will be built at Exploration Park in Cape Canaveral, Florida – the hub of U.S. space exploration.
In 2015, Blue Origin announced plans to open a 21st century production facility that will focus on manufacturing a new fleet of reusable orbital launchers for their private spaceflight program. The facility is strategically located near Complex 36, the site where Blue Origin plans to launch from later this decade.
This is Haskell's second engagement for the private spaceflight company. Haskell previously performed design-build services on a 20,000 SF launch sites complex in Texas that was completed in September of 2006. “Haskell's aerospace and aviation industry performance track record coupled with their proven ability to meet aggressive design-build schedules made them the right fit for this job,” said Scott Henderson, Blue Origin's Orbital Launch Site Director. “We look forward to partnering with Haskell to deliver a world class launch vehicle manufacturing facility to support our vision of millions of people living and working in space.”
“Haskell is thrilled to be a part of this industry-changing project that makes spaceflight more commercially accessible,” said Paul Raudenbush, Haskell's Aviation & Aerospace Division Leader. “Blue Origin's culture is grounded in innovation, value and safety much like our own, which makes this a great fit for our two organizations. As a Florida-based company, we're especially invested in completing a successful project that brings Blue Origin's operations into our home state.”
About Haskell
Haskell, one of the industry's leading integrated design, engineering and construction firms, offers client-focused solutions in the industrial, commercial, government, civil infrastructure and healthcare markets. We serve a multinational client base from strategic points across the United States and in Mexico.
Hal Abraham, a first-year phys. ed. teacher at Martin Luther King Elementary in Piscataway, slowly paced the gym floor in a black track jacket after leading a group of students, parents, and teachers through a set of squats.
“What should we do next?” Abraham asked in mock drill sergeant tone, arms folded across their chest. The kids weren't buying the tough-guy act. “Burpeeees!” they excitedly replied in unison.
“Burpees,” of course, are not a bad case of indigestion but a delightful ballet of squats, jumps, and pushups. This kind of marked enthusiasm for embracing exercise through hard work is a developing trend at “Cardio Club,” a free class that Abraham runs every Tuesday and Thursday at 7:00 AM in the gym of MLK Elementary.
The class, which Abraham started at the beginning of January, is a response to the obesity epidemic that continues to plague both the state and the nation. According to a 2011 report by the Trust for America's Health, New Jersey's adult obesity rate is 24.1%. Fifteen years ago, it was 12.3%.
With Cardio Club, Abraham is trying to build team camaraderie and promote a shared accountability for physical fitness. “It's great to see the parents come with their kids and to have the additional support from teachers,” Abraham said. “We're all trying to help each other stay in shape.”
Principal Shirley Eyler noted that the class fulfills a serious need. “For some kids, this is the only real exercise they'll get the whole week,” they said.
Despite being fresh out of college, Abraham subscribes to an old-school, hard-work-equals-success fitness ethos. The primary challenge of Cardio Club, they explained, is to design workouts that are both challenging and fun. “We do sprints, squats, planks, pushups, calisthenics — not easy stuff,” said Abraham, who is constantly tinkering with the workout routine. “At first, I was concerned my approach wasn't age-appropriate, but now I have kids coming back to me saying ‘Mr. Abraham — whenever I play sports now I don't get tired!'”
Abraham also finds other ways to keep the class engaged. A former basketball player at Montclair State, they recently conducted a vertical leap test used by scouts in the NBA Combine. “Some of the parents really got into that one,” they said trying to contain their laughter.
At the end of each session, the class huddles at center court like a basketball team and chants “1-2-3 Cardio Club!” Medals are awarded to the hardest workers and the winners walk away beaming with the pride.
For more updates on events and travel follow us on Twitter at @Starledgrtravlr and like our Facebook page.
Catch a Glimpse of Halley's Comet Debris -- Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower
NASA Media Contact:
Janet Anderson, 256-544-0034
NASA Marshall Space Flight Center, Ala.
Janet.L.Anderson@nasa.gov
Each spring as Earth passes through the debris trail from Halley's Comet (1P/Halley), the cosmic bits burn up in our atmosphere and result in the annual Eta Aquarid meteor shower. This year the peak will occur on the night of May 5 and into the morning of May 6, with meteor rates of about 40-60 meteors per hour under ideal conditions.A full moon occurs on May 6, just a day after the Eta Aquarids's peak on the 5th. The light of the bright full moon will wash out the fainter Eta Aquarid meteors, but all is not lost! The Etas have a decent rate -- 60 per hour -- and contain quite a few fireballs. NASA fireball cameras have already detected several bright Eta Aquarid meteors this year, so the odds are pretty good that a bit of Halley's Comet can be seen over the next few days. Ideal viewing conditions are clear skies away from city lights, especially just before dawn.Find an area well away from city or street lights. Lie flat on your back on a blanket, lawn chair or sleeping bag and look up, taking in as much of the sky as possible. After about 30 minutes in the dark, your eyes will adapt and you will begin to see meteors. Be patient -- the show will last until dawn, so you have plenty of time to catch a glimpse.You can also check out other allsky camera links to see alternate views of the meteor shower.The Eta Aquarids are pieces of debris from Halley's Comet, which is a well-known comet that is viewable from Earth approximately every 76 years. Also known as 1P/Halley, this comet was last viewable from Earth in 1986 and won't be visible again until the middle of 2061. The annual Eta Aquarid meteor shower gets its name because the radiant -- or direction of origin -- of the meteors appears to come from the constellation Aquarius.
Police booking videos and reports and witness testimony were all discussed Tuesday during the murder trial of Nicolas Dutan Guaman, but it was one piece of evidence not allowed by the judge that received the most attention.
Prosecutor David P. Feraco wanted to submit a MassHealth card with Mr. Guaman's name on it, but defense lawyer Peter L. Ettenberg called the card extremely prejudicial to their client. They said news headlines would focus on their client, who is living in the United States illegally, somehow having a state benefits card.
The card was apparently going to be submitted to help establish Mr. Guaman's residency and identification, but Judge David Ricciardone ruled against use of the card. The judge is presiding over the jury-waived trial in Worcester Superior Court.
Mr. Guaman is accused of dragging motorcycle rider Matthew Denice under their truck on Aug. 20, 2011, in Milford, causing fatal injuries. Mr. Denice, 23, of Milford, was allegedly dragged about a quarter of a mile in Milford as people tried to get the driver to stop.
Mr. Guaman, a 37-year-old native of Ecuador, is on trial on charges of second-degree murder and manslaughter by motor vehicle in the death of the motorcyclist. Authorities allege Mr. Guaman was unlicensed and drunk at the time of the incident.
Officers testifying in the case said they followed Mr. Guaman's truck from Congress Street in Milford for about a quarter-mile until the truck stopped on a nearby street. As officers took Mr. Guaman into custody, they learned their young son was in the truck as well.
Angel Arce, who was a Milford police officer at the time, said they saw beer cans in Mr. Guaman's truck. One officer testified that as they placed Mr. Guaman into custody, they felt the young boy hitting them and then asking the officers to let their father go.
Police testified that Mr. Guaman had slurred speech and bloodshot eyes at the time of the accident. Mr. Ettenberg asked Officer Arce if police learned later that another adult was in the truck at the time of the accident. Officer Arce said there was another adult.
The lawyer asked Officer Arce if they knew who had consumed the beers found inside the truck. “No,” responded the officer.
Continue reading…
The Phoenix Veterans Affairs office has built a new backlog of cases and has canceled appointments due to questionable reasons as more than 200 veterans died waiting for care in 2015, according to a new report released by the department's inspector general.
Investigators say some veterans are waiting six months or longer for treatment, and staff are canceling appointments for questionable reasons — all factors that investigators say could have saved at least one veteran's life.
A report from 2014 found that top executives at the VA cooked their books, canceled appointments, and put patients onto secret wait lists to reduce the appearance of their backlogs, all in an effort to earn performance bonuses, The Washington Times reported.
The problems were first reported at the Phoenix VA, where numerous veterans died waiting for care, but investigators found similar problems of secret wait lists and canceled appointments at VA centers throughout the country.
Investigators found that nearly 25 percent of specialty care consultations were “inappropriately discontinued” due to poor communication among staffers, The Washington Times reported.
The VA employees either didn't give a reason for the cancellation or didn't bother to follow up and reschedule after a veteran missed an appointment.
Agency rules require a veteran to not show up to an appointment at least twice or multiple failed rescheduling attempts before an appointment can be canceled, The Washington Times reported.
The VA, in reply to the inspector general's report, says that things have improved since the initial 2014 report despite the problems that still remain.
Undersecretary for Health David J. Shulkin said that the number of patients who wait over 90 days for an appointment went down by 64 percent, and most of the ones that have been waiting aren't considered urgent.
Dr. Shulkin also said that many veterans received care, but the department hasn't updated its records.
“VHA is strongly committed to developing long-term solutions that mitigate risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, quality and safety of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) health care system,” they said.
One of the main attributes that differentiates The Highest A Hundred from other ultra-endurance FKTs is the technical nature of some parts of the route.
For example, the Appalachian Trail is indeed longer, and has more elevation gain than The Highest A Hundred (many of the stats of the AT may surprise you), but I think it's comparable to this challenge in a, “how much blood/sweat/tears will you go through” if done as a self-supported FKT. As I write this, the FKT is held by Heather “Anish” Anderson at 54 days, 7 hours, so the time to finish is similar to what I expect to do to set a self-supported FKT.
But, how can the AT – a longer track, with more elevation gain be done quicker than the Highest A Hundred, where the majority of the mileage in the HH is done by pedaling a bike?!
One big reason is that the AT is on a well-established trail for its entirety and much of the Highest A Hundred has large sections that are trail-less, where one is going to face Class 3, Class 4, and even Class 5 mountaineering routes. On the AT – except for one, one-mile section (Mahoosuc Notch), you're simply hiking, following white blazes. Whatever scrambly bits there are, there are 10x more Class 2 sections on the Highest A Hundred to keep you busy. I'm not saying sections like Mount Washington are easy, I'm saying that sections like Mount Washington are par for the course in the HH. The Highest A Hundred requires knowledge of rock scrambling and rock climbing techniques/experience.
That's what I'm going to focus on in this post.
And yeah, there are also some gnarly cycling sections if one elects to take them, but it's easy enough to bypass riding those sections, by merely walking your bike across them. The on-foot (and on-hands, I guess) technical sections I may not have any workaround: you are required to do them to summit – or at least summit efficiently.
So let's take stock of some of the big ones:
Dallas Peak, 13,809′, 5.3
Dallas Peak has a reputation of being one the hardest Centennials with legitimate technical climbing – the last pitch goes at 5.3 and usually a rappel is done from the summit to avoid downclimbing the last pitch. To just get to that last pitch takes some devious route finding on loose rock and many more Class 4 sections on the approach.
For my entire trip, I'm not planning on taking any rock climbing-specific gear at all with me: no rope, no pro, no shoes – and certainly no partner; so the technical pitches will be done simply in a pair of burly trailrunners, then downclimbed. For Dallas, usually, a rappel is done from the summit to avoid downclimbing the last pitch. I'll have to safely downclimb that, as well.
This last pitch is mandatory, as there really isn't any easier route up the mountain in summer conditions. The rock that makes up Dallas can be of questionable quality and reports of finding dinner plate rocks stacked on top of each other waiting to topple are the norm when trying to ascend Dallas from it's connecting ridges.
Little Bear/Little Bear – Blanca Traverse/Gash Ridge to Lindsey
Update: the full route I ended up taking is described in the blog post, Fastpacks From Hell: The Colorado Sierra Blanca Centennial Enchainment!
The Sierra Blanca in general poses a huge puzzle on how to negotiate all the peaks quickly – I still don't know if I got it right, or what I've got is reasonable! If you do everything by their standard routes, this section could take many days to a week, and be done from at least two trailheads. The routes I plan to take are not going to be the easiest ones, and this line is a prime example of taking more technical routes to improve efficiency.
Little Bear
Little Bear itself is known to have one of the most dangerous standard routes of any Colorado 14er: The Hourglass Couloir. There are easier ways to ascend the peak, but but none of them are available without getting permission from private landowners (good luck), and none really work well with connecting large routes together, like I would want to.
In 2014, when I ascended the Hourglass Couloir in my Tour 14er, I woke up to a light hail with accumulation on the ground, and a dripping wet Hourglass shrouded in fog.
Not ideal. The center of the couloir was a running waterfall, and the slabs to the side were slick and not so wealthy in the Holds Department. You may be able to make out a rope in the photo above – many who climb Little Bear then descend the Hourglass using these ropes left by other parties. I think this is a terrible idea (fixed rope left by anonymous parties in general is in my opinion poor form, and a bad idea to trust with your life!) – but I won't be descending the hourglass – I may not even ascend it, but rather take an alternative Class 4 route called The Northwest Face.
The Northwest Face is a little harder than the standard route at Class 4, but has less traffic, so less of a chance of getting rocks rained on me from parties above. It also features ever so slightly less mileage. I may/may not have time to recon this route before going for it on this tour.
Little Bear – Blanca Traverse
The Little Bear – Blanca Traverse is one of the four great 14er traverses, as described by Roach, and it's an awesome way to link these two mountains together. Taking this route would save a ton of mileage, time, and elevation loss if you were to do it – so we're doing it.
The traverse is rated at Class 5.0, and is about a mile long. There are few bailout points on the ridge, and it's not a very good place to be in an electrical storm. I did this traverse during my Tour 14er, right after summiting Little Bear via the Hourglass Couloir. The weather was still cloudy, and I did almost the entire traverse with a visibility of only a few dozen feet:
I'm hoping for better conditions next time around!
Gash Ridge to Lindsey
Gash Ridge from Blanca is the key to accessing the Huerfano Valley from the West. Blanca and Ellingwood's North Faces are true Nordwands with very steep and loose technical climbing of dubious quality. Gash Ridge is rated ~ 5.4 and will “only” have to be down climbed. Once in the Huerfano Valley, one 14er and one 13er will be summited, then the other side of the mountain range will be re-accessed via a ridgeline far to the north of Ellingwood Point.
Weminuche
Update: the entire route I took to summit the nine peaks in the Weminuche is described in the blog post, Fastpacks From Hell: The Weminuche Throwdown
Jagged Mountain
Jagged Mountain's standard route is rated 5.2, but it's its remoteness that really makes it a standout. One has to be completely committed to climb this technical peak solo. I'm actually more stoked than scared of this leg of the tour – all I can really think of is the intense beauty of the peak, and what the view must be like from the summit.
Wham Ridge, Vestal Peak
This is absolutely extra credit, but does highlight another strategy in making a successful tour: keep to stoke high by doing interesting things – what's the point of climbing 100 mountains if it's just a big grind?
Vestal Peak by its standard route is merely rated Class 3, but it's impossible to look at the mountain without noticing it's incredible north face, where the Wham Ridge, 5.4 route is found. I would be totally nuts to pass the opportunity to climb this route for my tick of this mountain, and look forward to it being one of the many, many highlights of the trip.
Ring the Bells/Thunder Pyramid
The Maroon Bells Traverse goes at ~ 5.6, making it one of the most technical routes I'll be doing on my tour. I've done the traverse before, so I'm not so worried about doing it a second time.
What I am worried about is descending the route afterwards. On my Tour 14er, I had a particularly nasty spill going down a small gully, where a rock shaped like an ironing board gave way when a put pressure on it with my foot, leading me to fall down the gully itself. Time slowed down, as my life flashed before my eyes. Once I hit the sloping talus, I immediately checked my body for grave injuries. I was expecting at least a broken leg – my hands were a bloodied mess. A broken leg usually means at the very least a night out in the open as Search and Rescue – at the very best estimates, would have to wait till the next day to be able to reach you.
To my incredible surprise, most of the blood was coming from superficial cuts from my hands and a small one from my knee. My groin had a slight pull but… I was ultimately fine. I'd like to not recreate this incident again.
And this is where the true danger in some of these routes are found: not in the technical level of climbing – I can train for that; rather, it's in the loose and sketchy nature of some of the rock on the routes themselves, regardless of grade. This is where my worry exists in large doses, and I think I'm justified in at least giving these routes the respect they deserve.
If the Bells are chossy, loose, and dangerous, Thunder Pyramid is Crazy Town. I am not looking forward at all for climbing Thunder Pyramid, and would rather just get it done quickly. The standard route clocks in at only Class 4, but it's loose, and very, very dangerous.
I won't be descending the standard route on Thunder Pyramid, but will be traversing to the 14er, Pyramid instead. This traverse should make the Bells Traverse look like child's play, and will be the very next item on my, “not looking forward to” list. This is a traverse I'll only do if feeling up for it, and will happily do Thunder Pyramid and Pyramid separately if I do not feel 100% up to the task. This doesn't make things much easier, as the amount of loose rock I'll have to face will be greater doing these two peaks separately. It's damned if you do, damned if you don't.
Ice Mountain
Completely out of style with the rest of the Sawatch, Ice Mountain has a reputation for being loose and dangerous – much like the Elks I just described. Ice is a bit more remote as well, leading to a bit more anxiety that could be felt while doing the route. I'll most likely be taking the Northeast Ridge, as the Refrigerator Couloir will sadly be out of condition by August. This will be an easier mountain to recon, which gives me some piece of mind – if I do, in fact, manage to recon it!
Atlantic Peak to Fletcher Peak Traverse
Update: I skirted around the Atlantic/Fletcher traverse on the Tour of the Highest A Hundred, but took it on as directly as I could during my Mosquito/Tenmile traverse, which you can read about, or watch my video diary.
Finally, I'll try to cover the Atlantic Peak to Fletcher Peak Traverse, but there's quite a bit of unknowns about it for me – some trip reports call the finger crack crux at up to 5.7 (perhaps I'm wrong about this?). This may be a bit too futuristic for me to reasonably take on, during the last leg of my tour, so I may have to recon the route to find a sneak around this, or bail on my idea of enchaining all the Centennials in the area together.
And that's about it for, “hardest part of a really hard adventure”! I may have spaced a few mountains – I purposely skipped over the Crestone Traverse – the climbing is exhilarating and the real threat is afternoon thunderstorms like much of the rest of the mountains. I have also skipped over Longs, as Longs is my backyard mountain and I am deeply entrenched in a long-term relationship with it. I look forward to many challenges it presents to me. I skipped over some optional routes like the Harvard/Columbia traverse, which goes at 5.7. I don't know yet if doing the high traverse is worth doing, rather than the standard – and much easier lower traverse.
Update (10:15 A.M.): Arnold Schwarzenegger has responded to Trump's remarks with a taunting Twitter video, saying, “Hey, Donald, I have a great idea: why don't we switch jobs? You take over TV, because you're such an expert in ratings, and I take over your job. And then people can finally sleep comfortably again.”
The original post continues below.
At a time when our nation seems inextricably divided, one can think of many topics that might come up at the annual National Prayer Breakfast, held Thursday in Washington. Donald Trump, however, decided to seize the morning as a chance to bash Arnold Schwarzenegger, insulting the New Celebrity Apprentice host's ratings yet again.
Trump kicked off the breakfast by jokingly telling Senate Chaplain Barry Black that their job is secure. (Given all of the strife surrounding Sally Yates's dismissal, some might not find the joke so funny.) They then thanked Apprentice producer Mark Burnett, who had introduced Trump's speech with remarks that, perhaps unsurprisingly, cited their years together working on The Apprentice. Burnett's remarks covered the show's origins, and included an anecdote about the time Trump fired their agent—which might explain the joke Trump made about Black.
But Trump, apparently, couldn't simply smile back and remember the good times. Instead, they quickly set their sights on Schwarzenegger. Said the president, pausing occasionally for laughter: ”We had tremendous success on The Apprentice, and when I ran for president, I had to leave the show. That's when I knew for sure I was doing it. And they hired a big, big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, to take my place, and we know how that turned out. The ratings went right down the tubes. It's been a total disaster, and Mark will never, ever bet against Trump again, and I just want to pray for Arnold if we can for those ratings. But we've had an amazing life together, the last 14, 15 years, and an outstanding man, and thank you very much for introducing me. Appreciate it. It's a great honor.”
Trump, of course, failed to note that The Apprentice's ratings have been falling for years, and that the show's affiliation with Trump themselves may have contributed to its continued decline. Oh, and the fact that Trump is still an executive producer on the show, even though they no longer hosts it.
Trump kicked off the year by bashing Schwarzenegger's ratings in early January, saying Schwarzenegger had been “swamped” by Trump's own ratings. In a series of tweets, Trump called themselves “ratings machine DJT.” Schwarzenegger responded at the time by urging the president to “work for ALL of the American people as aggressively as you worked for your ratings.” For now, at least, it looks like Trump still isn't quite ready to bury the hatchet.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
Virginia's governor, Democrat Terry McAuliffe, signed an executive order Thursday making it illegal for state employees, contractors and subcontractors to discriminate against anyone because of how they identify or who they love.
“Starting today, the commonwealth of Virginia will not do business with entities that discriminate based on sexual orientation or gender identity,” said McAuliffe in a statement, as reported by the Washington Blade. “Virginia is home to the best state workforce in the country and this policy will ensure there is no question that all Virginians are to receive the full benefits of their citizenship, without regard to their sexual orientation or gender identity.”
The order comes two days after a Republican lawmaker introduced a bill in Virginia House to regulate the use of public bathrooms by transgender people, and to out any student who identifies as transgender to all the parents of their or their classmates.
Legislators and LGBTQ advocacy organizations immediately condemned the bill, proposed by Delegate Robert Marshall. Equality Virginia called it “hateful and discriminatory” and a spokesperson for the governor promised an automatic veto in the unlikely event the so-called bathroom bill ever reached their desk.
A right-wing religious group, Virginia First Foundation, praised Marshall's “Physical Privacy Act,” which the longtime conservative lawmaker said was fueled by the fear that men and boys will pretend to be transg to sneak into bathrooms and locker rooms used by women and girls.
“Some guys will use anything to make a move on some teenage girls or women,” Marshall said, as reported by the Washington Post. “Mere separation of the sexes should not be considered discrimination.”
But Virginia's governor clearly has a very different perspective.
“Governor McAuliffe has been clear that they will veto any bill that restricts the rights of Virginians based on sexual orientation or gender identity,” said their spokesperson, Brian Coy, in a written statement. “As we saw in North Carolina, these bills don't just hamper civil rights — they kill jobs. The Governor is hopeful that Republicans in the General Assembly will drop these counterproductive bills and turn their focus toward building a stronger and more equal Virginia economy.”
As for McAuliffe's executive order, James Parrish —Equality Virginia's Executive Director — described it as “a huge leap forward in our goal toward becoming a state that is a safe, welcoming and equal place for all Virginians.”
“We are grateful for the continued leadership demonstrated by Gov. McAuliffe on gay and transgender issues.” “This policy is simply good business practice — taxpayers should expect that their money will not be used to support organizations that discriminate.”
This Story Filed Under
A MODEL has been fined 20,000 euros after they were found guilty of making false rape allegations in a high profile trial that prompted calls for tougher laws in Germany.
The case unfolded after Gina-Lisa Lohfink, a former contestant on a German television model casting show, had sex with two men in 2012.
A video in which they could be heard saying “no, no, no,” ended up online.
A court initially convicted the men over the video but cleared them of rape.
It ordered Lohfink to pay 24,000 euros for making false accusations but they refused to pay — which, under German law, meant that that aspect of the case went to a new trial.
A Berlin court ruled Monday that Lohfink knowingly made false statements, that the sex was consensual, and that their objections were to it being filmed, news agency dpa reported.
Lohfink, who has given regular interviews to German media about the case, had said that they may have been drugged, but a court-appointed expert testified that they found no evidence of that.
Defence lawyer Burkhard Benecken said that “the verdict is a scandal.”
They said they would speak to Lohfink about a possible appeal.
Last month, German politicians passed a bill that will make it easier for victims of sex crimes to file criminal complaints if they rejected their attacker's advances with a clear “no.”
Until now, German law required victims to show that they physically resisted attack before charges for rape and other sexual assaults could be brought.
The move was partly spurred by a nationwide outcry over sexual assaults blamed largely on foreigners in Cologne on New Year's Eve.
But some cited the Lohfink case in noting that Germany lagged behind most Western nations in its definition of rape and that sexual assaults were a feature of German society before large numbers of migrants arrived last year.
Social Media Marketing
Social Media Marketing
SMM - Social Media Marketing is an online promotion activity which has grown significantly in the past few years, and all promoters are desperate to figure out ways to use social media tools to get in touch with their target audience.
72% of all internet users are now active on social media and 71% of users access social media from a mobile device. 93% of marketers use social media for business There are now over 1.15 billion Facebook users Myspace alone has over 1 billion customers and gets one out of every 5-page opinions on the Internet. Google+, LinkedIn and Tweeter each have over 200 million customers, and together they signify a remarkable opportunity to achieve your market share. Public Press Promotions, according to Forrester Research, is estimated to grow by 26% yearly
MarkOn™ generates and manages effective social media campaign that increases brand attention and engagement that drives online user traffic and leads to your website.
Our social media services begin with an evaluation of your target audience and your business objectives.
Account Creation Content creation and posting Account monitoring/responding to messages and comments from your fans and followers Identifying and engaging key industry influencers Reporting – No. of Post, New Likes, New Followers, Engagements
View Pricing
Armada FC Communications | Oct. 21, 2016
For the second straight season, the Jacksonville Armada FC are headed north for their final road fixture of the year with FC Edmonton. The Eddies will host the Armada at Clarke Stadium Sunday at 4 p.m. in Edmonton, Alberta for only the second time in the two team's six meetings.
The Armada's final away match is a long one. 2,703 miles to be exact, the farthest that Jacksonville will have to travel to face any NASL opponent. The trek also comes on the back end of a busy week in which the Armada played three home matches in seven days.
Jacksonville will be looking to take the momentum of their hard-fought 3-2 win over South Florida rivals Miami FC Wednesday into Sunday's Canadian matchup.
In a thrilling comeback victory, the Armada produced some memorable moments Wednesday, including Charles Eloundou's goal inside the first minute. The 36 second goal, is the Armada's fastest goal of 2016 and is only topped by Jemal Johnson's 12 second stunner over Edmonton in the club's NASL debut on April 4, 2015.
While Miami stormed back to gain the lead with goals in the 27th and 64th minute, the Armda responded resiliently. Second-half strikes by Alex Dixon in the 69th minute and Lucas Scaglia in the 74th allowed Jacksonville to erase Miami's lead and earn Mark Lowry their first three points at community First Park.
Heading into Wednesdays contest, Jacksonville had been 0-1-20 all-time when trailing after 60 minutes. Against Miami, who was battling for a final playoff spot, they trailed from the 65th to 69th before launching their impressive comeback.
Before Lowry took over the Armada, the club had not scored five goals in any two game stretch in 2016. After taking over they have managed to accomplish this twice (3-2 loss at Rayo OKC on 9/11/16 and 3-3 draw at Puerto Rico FC on 9/17/16; 2-4 loss vs. New York Cosmos on 10/15/16 and 3-2 win vs. Miami on 10/19/16).
The Eddies return home for their regular season finale against the Armada for the second straight season. Their homecoming comes following a tough two-game road trip with defeats at Minnesota United FC (3-1 on Oct. 15) and at Fort Lauderdale (1-0 on Oct. 12).
Despite the two losses, the Eddies sit comfortably with 50 points, only two points behind Indy Eleven and nine above Minnesota United, in NASL combined standings. The point total places Edmonton in a prime position to take the third seed in the 2016 NASL Championship playoff.
In their last meeting on Sept. 28 at Community First Park, the two teams split the points in a 0-0 draw. Armada held ball possession heavily with a 61.9% edge, but were unable to penetrate a defensively sound Edmonton defense.
Below is a breakdown of each team and the match.
WHEN & WHERE
Sunday, Oct. 23 at 4 p.m. ET | Clarke Field
Buy Tickets | Weather
THE TEAMS
Jacksonville Armada FC (4W-8D-8L, 20 pts., 12th NASL Fall, 5W-12D-13L, 27 pts.,11th NASL Combined)
FC Edmonton (9W-6D-5L, 33 pts., 3rd NASL Fall, 14W-8D-8L, 50 pts., 3rd NASL Combined)
SERIES HISTORY
Jacksonville leads, 2-2-1
LAST RESULT
Armada FC 0, FC Edmonton 0 - 9/28/16 in Jacksonville | Recap
CLUB QUICK LINKS
Armada FC: News | Roster | Schedule | Season Stats
FC Edmonton: News | Roster | Schedule | Season Stats
WATCH
- ESPN 3
READ
- Live Twitter updates on @ArmadaFCgameday - #FCEvJAX
- Live stats on ArmadaFC.com
POTENT NOTABLES
- Under Mark Lowry, the Armada have gone 3W-6D-3L in 12 games. Lowry has recorded the first two away victories in club history since taking over on Aug. 7, taken the team on a five match unbeaten streak, and watched their team score five goals in a two game stretch on two occasions this season.
- The Armada have yet to earn points in a Sunday match this season and only earned a 0W-2D-5L record all time on Sundays.
- Wednesday's win over Miami FC was the first time ever that Armada has won when trailing after 60 minutes, as well as the first time Armada have won this season when scoring three goals.
- Jacksonville are 3W - 3D - 5L against Canadian opponents all time in NASL competition.
BY THE NUMBERS
2 – Players under 25 with three or more goals this season, Charles Eloundou (6) and Zach Steinberger (3).
5 – Clean sheets Miguel Gallardo has earned since June 4 this season.
128 – The number of clearances for defender Tyler Ruthven, currently fourth in the NASL.
1216 – Total number of completed passes from Kevan George, currently leading the team.
INJURY WATCH
- Pekka Lagerblom will miss Sunday's match with a mild hamstring tear that they suffered during the first half of Saturday's match against the New York Cosmos. The 33-year-old midfielder has made seven starts since returning with an Achilles injury in the preseason.
CLUB CONNECTIONS
Current Eddie and former Armada FC defender Shawn Nicklaw will face Jacksonville for the second time since being traded on July 6 for midfielder Jason Plumhoff. Nicklaw has started 18 matches so far for the Eddies. They played in 29 league matches for Armada as a fullback, including 21 starts, and notched 10 shots in 1,937 minutes of action and scored the first goal in Community First Park history in the Armada's 1-0 preseason win over the Fort Lauderdale Strikers on Feb. 28, 2015.
LOOKING AHEAD
Up next, the Armada returns home to host cross-state rivals the Tampa Bay Rowdies in its season finale at Community First Park on Sunday Oct. 30 at 4 p.m. ET. 2017 Season Ticket renewals are underway. Fans now have until Nov. 4 to renew their season tickets before their seats are released to the general public. To take advantage of the renewal benefits season ticket members can call 1.844.2.ARMADA.
Read more from Slate's Geezers Issue.
We're frequently told, by news-you-can-use segments and bank ads hawking savings accounts, that Americans are not saving enough for their retirements. Yet just as often we're reminded that, given the fleeting nature of human existence, we should eat, drink, and be merry while we still can. Thriftiness is making a comeback in the wake of our latest speculative bubble, but some new evidence may help to tip the scales back in favor of the carpe diem approach to life. It turns out that money can buy you happiness—but young people get a lot more happiness out of their dollars than old people do.
Recent research by economists Amy Finkelstein, Erzo Luttmer, and Matthew Notowidigdo suggests that you'll get a bigger bang for your consumer buck by spending while you're healthy, before old age starts to take the fun out of life's indulgences. Their research is part of a larger academic enterprise attempting to understand what makes us happy. Economics is a field more associated with rational calculation than emotion, but there's an ever-growing subculture of “happiness economists.” Just as mainstream economists spend their time figuring out things like gross national product—how much a country produces in dollar terms—these happiness scholars churn out numbers like gross national happiness (how much happiness a country produces).
It's relatively easy to measure things like corporate profits and trade flows. Measuring a person's psychic well-being is trickier, though happiness economists take a relatively straightforward approach: For the most part, they just ask people if they're happy. They then try to figure out what makes people say yes or no. Perhaps not surprisingly, money-obsessed economists have been fixated on whether higher incomes make us happier. And after much debate, their conclusion is that money does indeed buy happiness. Or, as an economist would put it, there's a positive marginal utility of consumption. People in rich countries say they're happier than people in poor countries, and in just about every nation, the well-to-do report being happier than their impoverished counterparts.
Of course, an extra dollar may not bring the same joy to all people. For some, happiness is only as far away as the next swipe of their Amex; for others, there's pleasure to be had in having nothing at all. It's also true that what makes us happy today might not do the trick tomorrow—the money-happiness connection may change throughout a person's lifetime.
How does ill health affect this relationship? Healthy people are happier than sick ones. That's obvious. But once you're sick, does money buy you more happiness or less? On the one hand, you can't enjoy your new Mustang convertible if you're laid up in the hospital. On the other hand, money can buy a lot of comforts for those suffering from debilitating illness (a full-time housekeeper; a nice, soft La-Z-Boy).
Finkelstein and their co-authors use the “Health and Retirement Survey,” which follows a sample of retired persons, asking them questions about, among other things, income, health, and whether they agree with the statement “Much of the time I was happy during the past week.” The study allowed the researchers to determine whether rich retirees say they're happier than poor retirees. And since the survey goes back to the same participants year after year, it's also possible to track a single person's happiness over time to see how it's affected by health.
The authors find that healthy retirees are a pretty contented lot—only 13 percent of respondents reported not being happy. The rich are happier—going from an annual income of $25,000 to $50,000 reduces the likelihood of saying you're unhappy by nearly five percentage points. But that's only if the respondents are healthy. The extra money has a much smaller effect on happiness for the sick and infirm—the authors calculate that the happiness effect of higher income is only about one-quarter as much for respondents with multiple chronic diseases. So, having a lot of money to throw around once you're retired is great … but only while you're healthy enough to spend it.
The researchers' findings reinforce claims that economists have made elsewhere that Americans aren't really undersaving all that much for their golden years. As Tim Harford has noted in Slate, since when you're retired it's possible to spend more time lining up for early bird dinners and clipping coupons, you don't need as much money to get by on. And if money isn't going to bring you as much happiness in your old age, that's further reason not to oversave. If you've always wanted to samba till dawn in Rio or see Angkor Wat at sunrise, do it now, when you're healthy and you know you'll still enjoy it.
The authors also have a surprising suggestion regarding health insurance: We'd actually be better off if insurance companies reduced the portion of medical expenditures they pay for. Your monthly insurance payments would end up costing you less, and while you'd shell out more for hospital stays and other medical expenses if illness struck, well, at that point you wouldn't be healthy enough to enjoy spending the extra cash anyway.
The authors' findings should be a wake-up call to those already in the midst of their golden years who still have their health but face increasingly unfavorable odds of staying that way. You really should treat yourself to that dinner at Chez Panisse you've been putting off for a special occasion. And what if you're young and fit? The odds of living to see another healthy day are stacked in your favor, but who knows what could happen tomorrow? It's not every day an economics paper gives you an excuse to spend your money and live life to the fullest. I'd say seize the moment.
Natwest has frozen the accounts of the Kremlin-backed broadcaster Russia Today, according to its editor-in-chief.
Margarita Simonyan Tweeted, ‘They've closed our accounts in Britain. All our accounts. The decision is not subject to review.
Staff at the Kremlin-backed channel said that the Royal Bank of Scotland group, which includes Natwest, was refusing to service RT.
Нам закрыли счета в Британии. Все счета. 'Решение пересмотру не подлежит'. Да здравствует свобода слова! — Маргарита Симоньян (@M_Simonyan) October 17, 2016
Russia Today claims that the bank said in a letter to their offices, ‘We have recently undertaken a review of your banking arrangements with us and reached the conclusion that we will no longer provide these facilities.'
RT, formerly known as Russia Today, has the slogan “Question more” and was set up to present news from the perspective of the Kremlin.
The foreign-language network that is primarily aimed at audiences in Europe and the United States broadcasts 24-hours a day in English, Arabic and Spanish.
It has a British outlet called RT UK that broadcasts from London.
While no more information was immediately available, an ongoing case involving claims against Moscow from shareholders of defunct oil firm Yukos founded by Mikhail Khodorkovsky has led to freezes of Russian assets abroad including those of state media.
Ontario will launch a $2.8 million pilot this spring to give survivors of sexual assault access to free legal advice — a Canadian first.
Anyone who has experienced a sexual assault in Toronto, Ottawa and Thunder Bay — the host cities for the pilot — will be offered access to four hours of free legal advice.
“It's not representation in court but to help these women to make an informed decision: what are their options, what are the services offered to them,” Ontario Attorney General Madeleine Meilleur said. “At the end they will make their decision: do I go forward, what do I do?”
While some advocates have called for sexual assault complainants to get equal standing in criminal trials to defendants, that's a federal matter and one that would challenge centuries of common law. This move is meant to empower and inform these individuals of their legal rights and options without upending the justice system.
“At this stage what we're really looking for is to level the playing field a little bit, for the claimant to understand the process in a clear-eyed way … to give women somewhat adequate support and (awareness of the) realities of the criminal system,” said Amanda Dale, executive director of the Barbra Schlifer Clinic — a clinic for domestic and sexual assault survivors which will host the Toronto pilot.
The hope is the data garnered from the test casts will lead to a province-wide initiative. It's all part of Premier Kathleen Wynne's “It's Never Okay” strategy to combat sexual violence and harassment in Ontario. The sweeping effort was partly inspired by the international discussion sparked by allegations against Bill Cosby and Jian Ghomeshi.
Lauren Dobson-Hughes, president of Planned Parenthood Ottawa, says the high-profile sexual assault allegations on Parliament Hill or at the Ghomeshi trial have shone a light on the widespread problem. “In the popular discourse, in the media, it's everywhere. I think it's really awakening in people a realization this has been happening for so long and we've done nothing about it.”
Ghomeshi's recent trial has out renewed focus on the ardour Canadian courts place on complainants in sexual assault trials (in that case all three complainants had access to pro bono lawyers). Legal advice before pursuing a criminal case will ensure complainants understand what they are facing.
We're taking baby steps at this point to try and rectify the brutality of the process
“We know and we've long talked about how the courts can be fairly adversarial towards survivors of sexual assault,” Dobson-Hughes said. “The police system also has big gaps in how it treats survivors of sexual assault.”
“We're taking baby steps at this point to try and rectify the brutality of the process,” Dale said.
We don't see that we could do something other than bash the witness in order to defend the defendant
Dale has helped shape Ontario's sexual violence strategy from the out, and lauded the move as an important first that could influence broader reforms to the justice system.
“I hope it also allows us to begin a constructive conversation about the nature of the criminal process as a whole (to) begin to discern how we can both protect fair-answer-and-defence of the accused and disentangle that very important aspect of fundamental justice from… an engagement with rape myths,” Dale said, referring to certain societal tropes that often permeate sexual assault trials, such as the idea a woman who goes home with a man consents to anything that happens thereafter, even if it turns violent and they say no. “We don't see that we could do something other than bash the witness in order to defend the defendant.”
This week the ministry of the attorney general put out a call to lawyers interested in doing the work. The ministry hopes to have the pilot in place by late spring, likely in May. In Toronto part of the project will be integrated into a swath of services at the Schlifer clinic. Elsewhere in that city and in Thunder Bay and Ottawa the pilots will be more like legal aid, with all survivors over the age of 16 offered certificates, essentially vouchers, for legal advice in tandem with other services.
“It's great there's a pilot project form which we can get data and evidence (to shape future policy)… and getting survivors reactions and responses and how useful they found it,” Dobson-Hughes said. “This for me is an adaptive model that helps survivors work within the existing system. I think it's also a tacit acknowledgement that the system doesn't work for survivors of sexual violence.”
You can get a free slice of pizza this month when you turn in an old camera, cellphone or MP3 player for recycling.
Pizza Pizza is once again launching its Slices for Devices campaign in April, which is Earth Month. Anyone who brings in a small electronic device that they want to get rid of to a Pizza Pizza restaurant in Ontario, Quebec, Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Nova Scotia will get a free cheese or pepperoni slice, the company announced Thursday.
For the second year, the company is also accepting bulk electronic waste or e-waste from schools and businesses. That includes larger items such computers and screens. In exchange, Pizza Pizza will provide a gift card toward a pizza lunch or party.
The e-waste collected will be recycled and refurbished with the help of the Electronic Products Recycling Association and Ontario Electronic Stewardship. Proceeds from refurbished products will be donated to the Children's Miracle Network, Pizza Pizza says.
E-waste is typically not accepted by landfills, as it often contains toxic metals. In many cities, e-waste can be dropped off at specific locations, including some stores, or at special waste collection events on specific dates. But that's not necessarily convenient.
E-waste is collected for recycling at the entrance of Prague Zoo in 2012. Electronic devices typically can't be dumped in the trash because they contain toxic metals. (Petr Josek/Reuters)
According to Statistics Canada's 2011 Households and the Environment Survey, about 46 per cent of households had stockpiled e-waste to dispose of at the time of the survey.
The survey showed that on average about three to seven per cent of electronics were put in the garbage, although the percentage was much higher in some provinces. In New Brunswick, for example, 20 per cent of households puts old computers in the garbage, and 15 per cent of households puts old TV and computer displays in the trash.
Pizza Pizza says that since it first launched Slices for Devices in 2004, the program has collected nearly 17,000 devices.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper sought to clarify their claim that the National Security Agency does not collect information on millions of Americans, telling NBC News' Andrea Mitchell that they gave the "least untruthful" answer possible on the agency's surveillance program.
During a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on March 12, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) asked the intelligence czar if the NSA gathers "any type of data at all on millions of Americans.”
"No, sir," Clapper responded. "Not wittingly. There are cases where they could inadvertently perhaps collect, but not wittingly."
Clapper's response appears to contradict recent revelations about the agency's large scale phone records collection program, first reported on by the Guardian last week. However, during the NBC interview, Clapper said Wyden's question did not have a straightforward answer.
"I thought, though in retrospect, I was asked -- 'When are you going to start -- stop beating your wife' kind of question, which is meaning not -- answerable necessarily by a simple yes or no," Clapper said in the interview, which aired Sunday. "So I responded in what I thought was the most truthful, or least untruthful, manner by saying 'no'."
Clapper said their remarks also reflected their definition of "collection," which they said has a specific meaning in an intelligence context.
"What I was thinking of is looking at the Dewey Decimal numbers-- of those books in that metaphorical library-- to me, collection of U.S. persons' data would mean taking the book off the shelf and opening it up and reading it," they said.
In a Tuesday statement, Wyden said they had notified Clapper of their question in advance, and had given their office a chance to give a "straight answer" after the March hearing.
Everyone knows that Lee Highway in Arlington is Route 29. They also know that Old Dominion Drive is Route 309. That is correct, except for two-thirds of a mile from Quincy to Wakefield Streets. In that stretch, the route numbers are exchanged. Reasons for that remain hidden.
Another surprise is found on that segment of Old Dominion Drive; well, actually under it. Overgrown, forgotten, and now with prison-quality gates at each end, there is a pedestrian tunnel.
Records of Virginia's Department of Transportation (VDOT) call the structure "a concrete arch pipe" and give it identification number "000-1030." The year of construction is not recorded. VDOT inspects the tunnel on a regular schedule. Thirty thousand drivers rolling above each day need not worry. No disaster movie crevice will open on the way to work some morning.
Arlington County staffs confirm VDOT's ownership, but otherwise have no records of the tunnel.
Why is the tunnel there? When was it built? Why is it closed? Available answers are linked to the nearby school building.
The Virginia Department of Historic Resources, in 2004, gained approval to list Stratford Junior High School on the National Register of Historic Places. Application File 000-9412 provides a definitive history of the property and its uses. The school was built in 1949 and opened February 1950.
The application recites: "Also of note is a non-historic stone-masonry pedestrian tunnel that runs under Old Dominion Drive. … Now blocked by a metal gate, the tunnel was initially intended to provide access from the adjacent neighborhood to the school grounds without requiring students to cross the busy street." Clearly, construction dates to 1949-1950.
Neither VDOT nor Arlington County records make note of when or why or by whom the tunnel was sealed. But sealed it was in September 1978 when the junior high school closed and was replaced by "alternative" high school H. B. Woodlawn.
Youngsters found the pipe to be perfect as a "hangout." Some with an artistic bent, and cans of spray paint, thought the walls deserved decoration. Whether due to accumulating litter or, literally, "handwriting on the wall," authorities barred both ends. Teens were not to be denied and entry remained possible for a period of years. With the relatively new and definitely sturdier gates in place, access now is ended.
Michael McMorrow
The connection
Bow hunting is something I was raised with. When I was a child, my dad would take us to my great uncle's place in Potter County, Pennsylvania, every fall so they could chase whitetails around in the mountains with an old Black Widow recurve customized by Fred Bear himself. They even got my mom involved a couple years, and with both of them practicing, it was inevitable that my younger sister and I would get our own bows to shoot. We shot a lot of targets with those old fiberglass recurves.
When we moved to Colorado in the ‘70s, dad bought a Bear compound, used it one year without success, and decided Western hunting required a gun. I started hunting with my mom's old recurve while in high school, then bought an older Bear compound at an auction, put some nice accessories on it, and used it for several years.
When my wife and I decided to move back to the Midwest to be on the old family homestead, I sold that compound and scouted online auctions for a recurve after we got moved in. So after many years I have come full circle, hunting now with a recurve, and I hope soon to build a longbow for myself.
All that to say if you want to get into bow hunting but haven't made up your mind on how to go about it, maybe a little comparison from my point of view will help, as I have experience with a variety of bows.
First Things First: What's The Difference?
Simply put, a bow uses the mechanical advantage of leverage and stored energy to cast an arrow faster and farther than you could otherwise throw it.
Recurves and longbows directly store this energy; as you draw, them they get harder to pull. Compounds, on the other hand, have an additional mechanical advantage in that through the use of cables and cams, they are able to let off some of the weight you draw and have to hold. They also use this mechanical advantage to throw an arrow faster than a traditional bow of the same draw weight.
The differences in the way that compound and traditional bows are built will affect many things, including price, accuracy, weight, speed, and power, just to name a few.
Price
I have a top-of-the-line traditional archery catalog in front of me, and leafing through the pages, I can find a fully carbon longbow listed for $1499. This I am sure is a super-smooth, nice shooting bow. In the same catalog, the custom recurves start at around $750. In the back are some primitive bows, and a linen-backed medieval longbow goes for $131. Some online searching turned up some name brand recurves starting at just over $120. A custom self bow (a bow made from one piece of wood with no backing on the limbs) will start at around $200 and can go up to well over $1000.
I don't get catalogs for compound archery products any more, so I had to do some searching. From what I could find, if I were shopping for a new bow, I would expect to pay at least $250 for an entry-level bow, with the vast majority falling in the $400-to-$600 range.
The used market for both is another matter entirely. Online auctions are full of compounds for under $200, and many of these include the whole package that you will need to hunt (sights, arrows, quiver, release, etc.). Lots of folks buy a whole new kit when they get a new bow and then put their old package up for sale. This is a great way to pick up a nice bargain.
Recurves and longbows are somewhat iffier to purchase online. The bows are generally constructed of wood and laminates, and they tend to crack and warp once they get older. I have seen many good affordable used bows online, but you do need to be more diligent with what you buy. I have bought both a newer entry-level compound and an older 45# recurve for less than $30 each by watching the auctions carefully.
Advantage: No clear winner
Accuracy
I used to shoot instinctively (no sights). I even shot my compound that way for a couple years, but when I finally added sights, along with a peep and release, I went from groups the size of a paper plate to ones smaller than a baseball.
A compound bow can be made into an extremely accurate shooting bow. With the use of a peep sight and a release, tiny groups are common. You can put these same accessories on a traditional bow, but the compound with its great let off of draw weight enables you to take your time and get a perfect sight picture before releasing your arrow.
When you are holding a recurve at full draw, you are holding the full weight of the draw; your muscles are far more likely to quiver and shake, making perfect sight alignment more difficult and less consistent.
In most cases the same shooter shooting both types of bows will be more consistent and accurate with a compound bow.
Advantage: Compound
Weight
A few years ago while hunting in Colorado, I was with a buddy who was hunting with a recurve they had built years earlier in the Scouts, while I had my compound. We were about halfway up a steep ridge where we stopped for the umpteenth time to catch our breath. I said something along the lines of my bow weighing so much I might as well have been carrying my 300 magnum.
They smiled and handed me their recurve. WOW! Was it light compared to my bow. That is the moment I decided I was going to go back to recurve hunting.
More modern compounds have used space-age material to cut weight, but they still weigh as much or more than a good rifle when you get all the accessories bolted in place.
Advantage: Traditional
Speed and Power
As I explained earlier, the compound uses its mechanical advantage to cast an arrow faster than a comparable weight traditional bow. This fact allows you to use a heavier arrow for better penetration when using a compound bow.
Advantage: Compound
Shootability
I decided to include this somewhat ambiguous category because I needed somewhere to explain how traditional bows shine in being a pure joy to shoot.
Top-end compounds have worked hard to eliminate the herky-jerky draw motion that the let off gives you when the weight drops as you pull back on the string. Traditional bows have none of this. Their draw is one smooth motion with the weight increasing the further you draw.
This is a real advantage in many forms of hunting, allowing you to keep a sight picture on a moving animal or flying bird. While the compound is more pinpoint accurate, a traditional bow is easier to shoot.
One other difference I will put in this category is that compounds for the most part are noisier than traditional bows. On some of the older bows, it almost sounds like you are firing a .22 rifle. They also generally deliver more hand shock (vibration felt in your hand) when you shoot them.
Advantage: Traditional
Accessories
Most of the same accessories can be had for both types of bows; however, most traditional shooters prefer minimal accessories.
Advantage: None
Building Your Own
As a prepper, the one thing I really like about traditional bows is that I can make every single piece of equipment from local raw materials. You can buy books and videos (or search online) for instructions that show how to make everything you need to hunt game with your very own homemade bow. I have watched some videos of people crafting their own compound bows, and while it is interesting, these bows are not very practical.
You can make and fletch your own arrows with natural materials. You can craft your own broadheads, or you can go paleo and knap your own arrowheads from stone.
You should avoid shooting wooden arrows in a compound bow as there is always the danger of a hidden flaw in the arrow that could cause the arrow to explode, sending skewers everywhere.
Advantage: Traditional
Conclusion
In the end, it really boils down to personal preference. You have to decide which qualities are most important to you. Whichever you choose, shop around for a good deal and shoot a lot. Both types of bows require lots of practice to become proficient. Once you've got the hang of it, try small game hunting. I think you will be hooked on the challenge and just plain fun of stalking through the woods armed with nothing but a bow and arrow.
©2012 Off the Grid News
My friend Valerie and I were biking back to Clinton Hill from Williamsburg. It was evening; they wanted to take the Wythe route through the Jewish part of the neighborhood, as it was better lit and less hilly. I noticed a woman in a traditional white long sleeve blouse, long black skirt, and tights signaling quietly but clearly to me with their finger as if to ask a question. Valerie hadn't seen and kept biking, but I slowed to a stop.
“Excuse me, do you have a moment?” they asked.
We're trained to run the other direction in those situations (thanks, Greenpeace), but I saw no clipboard in sight. It was also a very quiet street; I wondered how long they had been standing there. I said sure.
“Could you possibly turn off our air conditioner; it's getting colder than we expected but can't do it ourselves.”
It wasn't Shabbat, but I realized that similar Jewish law regarding “work” (like turning a switch on or off) might apply on holidays, so I asked if it was because of Sukkot, to which they said yes.
“Ok, let me make sure my friend will watch my bike.”I thought for a second and then realized what I needed to disclose: “I should tell you that I'm also Jewish but do not follow the same observance custom; does that matter.”
“Oh, yes, it does matter; it won't work. Is your friend Jewish?”
“No,” I replied, a bit stunned that I couldn't perform this mitzvah myself. I also felt apologetic. “I hope it's not offensive that I don't observe this custom.”
They warmly thanked me for letting them know, and Valerie agreed without missing a beat to go in and turn the switch off. I stayed with bikes and they went in.
When Valerie emerged 5 minutes later, the woman sent them out with cups of water and gave a friendly wave and thanked us again, and we hopped back on our bikes and rode away.
Everything about this little interaction was exciting to both of us. Like anyone would be, we were curious; who in New York doesn't like seeing any and every apartment possible and how people live? I was also so thrilled that Valerie could – and proud that they willingly did – perform this mitzvah for a family enjoying dinner during the holiday. I was also a bit jealous and uncomfortable that I couldn't perform the task myself – I had no moral issue with it – but at the same time, I felt a sense of community with a person whose reality seemed so different from my own, because despite my style of dress and relative ambivalence towards the holiday, I was still a Jew in their eyes. I loved too that traditional observance truly mattered so much to this woman, despite how odd it seems in today's times.
One more Brooklyn story…
Updated 5:02 p.m. | Abandon all hope, ye who happen to park anywhere near geometrically challenged-motorist Eleanor Holmes Norton.
A HOH tipster watched in horror Wednesday as the D.C. delegate , 77, awkwardly forced their way into a wide-open spot in the carefully controlled corridor of New Jersey Avenue Southeast sandwiched between the Longworth and Cannon House Office buildings.
“If they park like that they should not be a member of Congress anymore,” one mystified observer — who wisely recorded more than a minute of the automotive travesty — said as the video was being captured. The tipster said Norton rubbed the correctly positioned, red sports utility vehicle to their immediate left with their improperly angled silver sedan.
Ashraf
Ghani
Per our tipster, Norton performed the sub-par squeeze-in around the same time the rest of their colleagues were crowding into the House chamber to hear the joint address by Afghan President
At around the 40-second mark, an oblivious U.S. Capitol Police officer appears to zoom by on a motorcycle, right past the textbook parking offense.
Once the aide seen assisting Norton from outside the slow-moving vehicle finishes waving them into clearly disastrous position, Norton emerges from the car, clicks their remote-locking device (better safe than sorry) and starts to walk away.
Then, all of the sudden, they double back.
Has their conscience gotten the best of her? Are they going to slide a quickly composed apology onto the now-stuck truck's windshield? Or perhaps a business card?
Nope.
Norton simply retrieves some forgotten item from inside the car and then heads on their merry way.
Our spy estimates the entire head-scratching episode lasted about half an hour, including the painful insertion process and their 20-minute jaunt into Cannon.
Once done with their business, the tipster said Norton backed out of the space and rolled out onto the unsuspecting District streets.
"She hit the car next to them and did not leave a note, though I couldn't see any damage," was our spy's takeaway from the mid-day drama.
Norton's office disputes that anything untoward transpired.
“After the Congresswoman parked their car, we assessed the cars on either side to see if there was any damage. We could not find any,” a Norton aide assured HOH. “But we left a note with a business card so the member of congress could be contacted in case we missed any.”
According to Team Norton, the congressional staffer who owns the truck that was boxed in by the septuagenarian pol reached out to their office about the videotaped scrape.
“The Congresswoman heard from the owner of the only car they were close enough to damage. The owner reported no damage,” a Norton spokesperson said via email.
Related :
D.C. Helps Stephen Colbert Say Goodbye Congress Can't Shut Down Eleanor Holmes Norton's Grand Opening Eleanor Holmes Norton, Drug Warrior When Eleanor Holmes Norton Beat the Press The 114th: CQ Roll Call's Guide to the New Congress Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
We all want more customers in the front door—but how? Here are twelve marketing ideas for your restaurant. You might have already tried some of these and others might be completely fresh. Take a look and pick out a selection that will work for you. If you put some of these ideas and strategies to work, let us know what happens down in the comments below!
1. Foodie Photos
Have lots of photos of dishes from your menu posted on your website and on your restaurant's social media pages, and encourage patrons to take pictures of their meals at your restaurant and spread them around on their social media sites. Be mindful that food photography is not always easy, however. It occasionally pays to have a professional come in and capture images of some of your favorite menu items.
2. Master the Medium of Instagram
Social media is stratified by age, with the youngest demographics—millennials and younger—using Instagram. Master the medium and use it just like you would use Facebook or Twitter, only make sure you speak their language. Is your restaurant in the same neighborhood as a popular concert venue, college, high school, or other place where lots of young people gather? If so, Instagram is a natural. If needed, get one of your millennial employees to show you how to use it.
3. Get Customers to Give You User Generated Content
Bring your patrons into the act. Ask them to post photos of their favorite meals at your restaurant, the night they brought in someone who had never been in your restaurant, or ask them to take a photo of the day their bicycle club had a group ride to your restaurant for Sunday breakfast. User-generated content is a great way to develop engagement with customers. Launch a photo contest, asking customers to share their favorite meal at your restaurant. Award the best ones with a free appetizer. It will make you and you restaurant more popular.
4. Show Off Your Staff
A recent survey of more than 1,200 restaurant consumers asked what guides their choices when they decide where to dine or order takeout/delivery. 83% said that treating employees well is important. Highlight your employee-of-the-month on social media. Did someone get a promotion, graduate from college, or do something great for a customer? That's more social media material. Showing off employees also earns major reputation points – happy workers say a lot about a business, and patrons will take notice.
5. Start a Blog
People love a behind-the-scenes look at how things work. Starting a blog is a great way to do this. About once a week, make a post about a large item, a new introduction, a recipe or where you source your fish or vegetables. Then fill in the gaps with smaller messages or photos of employees or activities that you sponsor. Was your chef experimenting with new menu items one day? Take photos. Sometimes that's all you need. Talk about seasonings and special ingredients. You're not giving away state secrets. Remember, your customers like you not only for the food, but the convenience and the atmosphere of your restaurant.
6. Food Blogger Outreach
Recent articles about a Florida-based restaurant chain focused on how they doubled their online ordering in their restaurant in two months, from 2 to 3 percent of their volume to more than 5 percent. Some of what they did was just good sense. Other things were a bit more innovative.
One of the things they did was to woo influential people. Food bloggers were invited for special events and private tastings. This resulted in a lot of buzz on social media – Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and blogs.
7. Verify Your Restaurant's Online Details
One of the other things this chain did was to update their directory listings. Each store did a painstaking search of all the directories they were listed in, correcting erroneous info and made updates. Google algorithms like correct, consistent information. Click-through rates skyrocketed after that data was corrected and accurate.
8. Offer Complimentary Wi-Fi
The longer customers are sitting at your tables, the more money they spend. Offering free wireless access to the Internet for those customers with a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop or smartphone will add even more sales to the bottom line and make customers more loyal to your brand. Word spreads, too. This is something that reaches across the demographics, from college students to millennials to business people who need someplace where they can eat and do a little business.
9. The Right Music
Another way to keep people in your restaurant longer is offering the right music; a critical, but often overlooked element of creating an enjoyable atmosphere for you dining experience. Type “music” and “restaurants” into Google and pages and pages of academic studies come up. The information is mind-boggling. Bottom line: softer, easy-listening music makes patrons comfortable and relaxed, keeping them in longer, which can lead to longer ticket items. Maybe your business formula is based on moving people through the restaurant quickly; put on something with a more upbeat tempo. Make sure to keep the overall tone positive and non-offensive. Visit any of these Austin, TX restaurants and you'll notice the music is always on point.
10. Start a Food Truck
A major hamburger chain in Southern California is famous not only for their burgers, but for their food trucks. They've been asked to service special events, including golf tournaments, rock concerts, and biker funerals (that last one even got them mentioned in a television show). One story tells of a mother and father who traveled around town after a major earthquake displaced them from their home. The trio drove through darkened streets, weaving their way around other residents loading their essentials so they could also go seek other shelter. They came around a corner and stumbled upon a medical station, several television vans – and the food truck of this chain handing out free burgers to the displaced. You can't buy that kind of word-of-mouth. A food truck can give your restaurant the opportunity to serve more people in different areas while promoting your brand and other brick and mortar locations.
11. Special Events
A Spanish restaurant regularly holds special events focusing on specific aspects of their cuisine – tamale making, menudo sampling, etc. The events have a nominal charge. For instance, their tequila tastings are $25 per person and they are regularly sold out. Again, the word-of-mouth these events create is priceless.
12. Online Ordering
Offer patrons the ability to order from their computers, tablets, even their smartphones. PMQ Pizza Magazine recently revealed new data about online ordering. It's good stuff to review:
Online ordering has an average customer return rate of 95%. This means you can boost customer loyalty with minimal effort by implementing anonline ordering system.
The younger generation (i.e. millennials) is much more comfortable online, compared to talking with someone. That's how they've grown up. It's not hard to imagine why they flock to online ordering.
But wait, there's more:
Consumers report that they use restaurant technology, including online ordering, more than they did two years ago:
53% of 18 to 34-year olds (Millennials).
43% of 35 to 44-year olds.
26% of 55 to 64-year olds (Baby Boomers).
If you aren't offering an online ordering option for your takeout and delivery customers, you should seriously consider it.
We've always said that Obamacare must be repealed and utterly destroyed. We weren't alone in believing it to be unconstitutional. We envied Sarah Palin's coining the phrase "death panels" to describe the committees that decide who'd be treated and who'd die. We also argued that it would be impossible for government to sensibly regulate any endeavor as complex as medicine.
Finally, word is getting around: none other than the New York Times has now published conclusive evidence that Obamacare cannot possibly work.
Rube Goldberg Would Be Impressed
The so-called "Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act" created innumerable new responsibilities for government bureaucrats; this stunningly complex flowchart merely scratches the surface.
What's more, Obamacare gives a frightening degree of direct power to an unelected official: the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The phrase "the Secretary shall..." appears more than 1,000 times in the bill. The Secretary is supposed to personally determine and decree exactly what medical conditions all insurance plans must cover, how much profit they're allowed to make, what doctors will be paid, what treatments everybody gets, and a host of other matters. No detail is too small for government meddling, yet few are important enough as to be defined by something more democratic than a fiat decree by an appointed political apparatchik.
Our primary problem with Obamacare was and is far more simple and fundamental: the amply-demonstrated fact that government can't manage anything. We don't want our medical system run by the folks who gave us $600 toilet seats. Our health care system, at 1/6 of our economy, is about the size the entire Soviet economy was when Communism collapsed, proof positive that running a command economy of that size simply cannot be done.
Despite having vast natural resources and clever, industrious people, the Soviets were utterly unable to manage their command-based economy effectively. Our market-driven system generated enough tax revenue to fund Mr. Reagan's Star Wars program which the Soviets couldn't match.
We were and remain convinced that our bureaucrats aren't any smarter or any more motivated than the Soviets were. It should be ridiculous on its face to blithely assume that our government could micro-manage an entity as large as our health system.
Government-Induced Drug Shortages
In "F.D.A. Is Finding Attention Drugs in Short Supply," the Times wrote:
While the Food and Drug Administration monitors the safety and supply of the drugs, which are sold both as generics and under brand names like Ritalin and Adderall, the Drug Enforcement Administration sets manufacturing quotas that are designed to control supplies and thwart abuse. Every year, the D.E.A. accepts applications from manufacturers to make the drugs, analyzes how much was sold the previous year and then allots portions of the expected demand to various companies. [emphasis added]
That's precisely how the Soviet economy worked. Each year, the planning bureaucrats set non-negotiable quotas for each factory based on expected demand. The results of government control are well documented - Soviet citizens wasted lifetimes standing in line for scarce products while unneeded goods rotted in warehouses.
The Times tells us how government control of manufacturing works out in the US:
Now, multiple manufacturers have announced that their medicines are in short supply. The F.D.A. has included these pills on its official shortages list, as has the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, which tracks the problem for hospitals. And the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry has told the more than 8,000 doctors in its membership that shortages seem to be “widespread across a number of states” and are “devastating” for children. [emphasis added]
America has decades of experience manufacturing high-tech drugs. Why did a patient have to visit "more than a dozen pharmacies" to find an inadequate supply of a drug for ADHD? Why are so many drugs in such short supply that the government has to maintain an "official shortages list?"
The second item on this list as of Jan 1, 2012 was:
Alcohol Dehydrated (Ethanol > 98%) (updated 12/16/2011) Company/Products Reason Related Information American Regent/Luitpold:
631-924-4000
1 mL ampule, package of 10 (NDC 00517-8571-10); 5 mL ampule, package of 10 (NDC 00517-8575-10) Manufacturing delays 1ml ampules being released.
Ethanol is the "secret sauce" in "adult beverages" that makes you drunk. We've been manufacturing drinking alcohol for thousands of years.
What's the official reason for the shortage? "Manufacturing delays."
Anheuser-Busch has no trouble making all the alcohol customers are willing to buy, and we're not aware of anyone poisoned by manufacturing contamination in living memory. Go into any liquor store. Are there shortages? No, the shelves are groaning.
Why, then, are hospitals experiencing shortages of alcohol, of all things? Why are there "manufacturing delays" for such a well-understood product?
The Times doesn't say, but the reason is as obvious as gravity. Alcohol used in hospitals isn't just any alcohol that merely has to be safe to drink, dear me, no! It's medical alcohol. As a medical product, it comes under FDA regulation.
Alcohol had been used in medicine for centuries before the FDA was founded - even the Apostle Paul advised Timothy to use "a little wine for thy stomach's sake, and thine often infirmities." Paul had neither a medical degree nor Timothy an FDA-approved manufacturer, yet these ancients met their medical needs more effectively than us moderns. Although you can buy medicinal-grade rubbing alcohol in any drug store, enough manufacturers decided not to bother with FDA rules for manufacturing medical alcohol that hospitals are encountering an alcohol shortage!
Now we know - the principles decreed by Obamacare are giving us shortages of a chemically simple substance that's been used for centuries and will shortly do precisely the same thing for the entire panoply of modern medical provision.
What's the Answer?
The solution is the same solution President Carter (D) used to save American railroads - get government out of the way. When the railroads were failing, Mr. Carter promoted the Staggers Act which deregulated railroads. They returned to profitability except for passenger railroading, which stayed under government control and, not coincidentally, loses billions of dollars per year in Amtrak subsidies.
Cancer-fighting drugs are also in short supply due to price controls. The same answer is known not merely to the Times but to the brother of Barack Obama's closest political sycophant, Rahm Emanuel, and a philosophical contributor to Obamacare itself. The article quoted oncologist Ezekiel Emanuel who said, “You don't have to be a cynical capitalist to see that the long-term solution is to make the production of generic cancer drugs more profitable.”
Yet President Obama rejected the correct solution in favor of an approach known not to work. Reuters reports:
Obama instructed the Food and Drug Administration to get better advance warning of impending supply problems and speed up its review of applications from companies that want to change or ramp up production to address shortages. [emphasis added]
Their order added six new staff positions to the five people who now track drug shortages. In other words: create shortages, then hire more bureaucrats to track them! Instead of getting out of the way, their response to government-induced shortages is to pile on yet more regulators, rules, bureaucrats, and price controls!
During the stimulus, the Obama administration spoke of "shovel ready" construction projects which would put people to work. As it turns out, there's no such thing as "shovel ready" in construction because the approval process is too long.
Government-caused drug shortages really are shovel-ready, however, because the shovels will be digging graves. Best not get sick while Obama is in office!
Rory Best has dedicated their OBE to the hundreds of people they believe have helped them carve out a distinguished international rugby career.
Rory Best has dedicated their OBE to the hundreds of people they believe have helped them carve out a distinguished international rugby career.
The Ireland captain has been awarded the honour for services to rugby, having racked up 104 caps for their country and playing 13 years with Ulster.
Best's parents John and Patricia both have MBEs, and the Ireland skipper revealed they jokingly apologised to them for going one better.
The 34-year-old is currently touring New Zealand with the British and Irish Lions, and took time out of their busy schedule to offer thanks to the scores of coaches, team-mates, friends and family they believe deserve to share in their honour.
"I'm just so surprised and humbled; it's such a massive honour," Best told Press Association Sport.
"To be recognised for contributing to a sport, for someone to feel I'm worthy of being nominated, and then to be deemed worthy, it's quite incredible.
"My parents were obviously delighted. My mum and dad actually both have MBEs, my dad for agriculture and my mum for services to the public sector.
"So it was quite funny telling them I'd gone one better than them!
"I'll always refer back to Banbridge Rugby Club and that's where it all started for me, but there are so many people to thank for their help along the way that I couldn't even begin to name them.
"And it always comes back to mum, dad, my brothers and sisters, and my wife and children.
"It's not just a reflection of my rugby ability. There are better players than me, but it's also hopefully a reflection of the person you are.
"It would be humbling to think that you can be considered more than just being able to play rugby."
Best became the first Ulster star to win 100 caps for Ireland when Joe Schmidt's side edged out Australia 27-24 in Dublin on November 26.
The long-serving hooker also led Ireland to their first-ever win over New Zealand in 111 years of trying, the 40-29 triumph in Chicago on November 5.
Best revealed their wife Jodie then put on a 'thank you' night for friends, family and former coaches at Banbridge's Downshire Hotel - an evening they can now look back on even more fondly with the hindsight of their latest accolade.
"After my 100th cap, that Sunday we had a private do up in Banbridge in the hotel where I would have spent many a Saturday night growing up," said Best.
"We went through and made a list of people who have helped me right throughout the way.
"Jodie sent out a text saying if it's Rory's 100th cap, this is what we'll do, and we'd love you to make it.
"We thought we'd have a handful, but we ended up with about 170 or so.
"It's great to share with team-mates, but it's also nice to go right back to under-fives, under-sixes, and try to involve as many people as you can."
Lions head coach Warren Gatland paid tribute to Best's honest approach, that still draws high praise from opponents.
Gatland revealed Best spent an hour in the changing rooms with the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians after the Lions' 13-7 win on June 3 in Whangarei - much to the home side's delight.
"This is a great honour for Rory, a fantastic achievement for what he's given to rugby in the community in Ulster," Lions boss Gatland told Press Association Sport.
"It's terrific for the sport, their leadership is fantastic, captaining Ireland and doing a great job. They thoroughly deserve this accolade.
"After the Barbarians game they went into their changing room, swapped jerseys with their captain and hooker Sam Anderson-Heather, and sat down and spoke to them for about an hour.
"And a lot of people made comments to me about that, they were really impressed with them taking that time, making the effort to sit down and talk. Those sorts of things don't go unnoticed."
Press Association
[van id=”justice/2017/10/24/sanctuary-cities-kate-steinle-case-trial-simon-pkg-hln.hln”]
Them killing spurred congressional legislation aimed against illegal immigration, but the brutal memory of Kate Steinle's death was all it took to bring a San Francisco courtroom to a standstill Monday as their father struggled to tell what happened when they were struck down by a sudden bullet.
Their voice breaking at times — and with the man charged in their 32-year-old daughter's death sitting a few feet away — James Steinle said they didn't know and couldn't tell that their daughter had been shot when they collapsed in front on them on a San Francisco pier in July 2015.
A passer-by, Steinle said, suggested that they turn them over. They did.
“You could see the bullet hole,” their father said.
Prosecutors say Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, 54, an undocumented Mexican immigrant accused of repeatedly entering the United States illegally, fatally shot Steinle with a Sig Sauer .40-caliber handgun as they and their father walked on San Francisco' Pier 14.  They are charged with second-degree murder.
Steinlie testified Monday about those final moments. Earlier, attorneys delivered opening statements, with a prosecutor holding up the alleged murder weapon.
“He meant to kill Kate Steinle,” Diana Garcia, an assistant district attorney in San Francisco told the jury. They described Garcia Zarate as a man who “intentionally” opened fire on people on the pier, killing Steinle, who sold medical equipment.
But defense attorney Matt Gonzalez said the shooting resulted from a “freakish ricochet.”
“The gun was pointed at the ground when it discharged,” Gonzalez said. “Had it been a public park, the bullet would have been embedded in the soil.”
There has “never been a ricochet charge in history,” Gonzalez added.
Garcia Zarate, who has pleaded not guilty, was formerly known as Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, one of several aliases. CNN and other media outlets previously identified them as Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez.
The case has stirred controversy over immigration policy. Garcia Zarate was a convicted felon who'd been deported from the United States five times. Also, before the shooting, officials in San Francisco, a so-called sanctuary city, had released them instead of turning them over to immigration authorities.
The Garcia Zarate case has also become a rallying cry for President Donald Trump and others, who have invoked Steinle's name in decrying sanctuary cities and promoting the construction of a border wall.
This summer the House of Representatives passed “Kate's Law,” a measure named for the victim. The Senate has yet to pass the measure, which would increase maximum prison penalties for immigrants caught repeatedly entering the United States illegally.
‘Dad, help me. Help me'
Opening statements Monday focused mostly on the killing.
James Steinle, their daughter and a friend were “just strolling like regular tourists” on that July evening, around 6:23 p.m., the prosecutor said.
Garcia Zarate was seated when the three passed him, prosecutor Garcia said. Steinle took a selfie right before shots rang out about seven minutes after the group met up at the pier, the prosecutor said.
“Kate fell and their dad fell with her,” the prosecutor told the jury.
Steinle's last words were: “Dad, help me. Help me,” according to the prosecutor.
The bullet pierced the San Francisco woman's lower back and tore through their abdominal aorta, authorities said.
Two women in a hotel across the street heard the gunshot and saw a man, who was “the only one rushing the off the pier,” according to Garcia.
Surveillance video captured Garcia Zarate running away, the prosecutor said. Another witness heard “a loud plop,” the sound of the gun hitting the water, according to prosecutor Garcia.
“You'll see a splash in the water when the defendant throws the gun,” Garcia said of the surveillance, adding that a police dive team recovered the weapon.
Garcia Zarate, who was arrested a mile away, eventually “admitted to deliberately firing the gun,” after an interrogation that lasted more than four hours, the prosecutor said.
Investigators found gunshot residue on their right hand, according to Garcia.
The prosecutor said the Sig Sauer is “not the kind of gun to go off by accident.”
‘Emotional reaction shouldn't compound tragedy'
Authorities said the gun used in the shooting had been stolen from the car of an off-duty Bureau of Land management agent.
Defense attorney Gonzalez argued that Garcia Zarate found the gun at the pier, and accidentally discharged the weapon when they unwrapped it from a t-shirt.
The gun's “trigger pull is fairly light. It could accidentally discharge,” Gonzalez said.
The defense attorney said an accidental discharge is “not a shock to people who know this gun.”
“An emotional reaction shouldn't compound this tragedy,” Gonzalez said.
They added: “An accident doesn't become something other than an accident because we don't like the results from it.”
If the shooting “was purposeful,” they said, Garcia Zarate would have fired more than once.
Garcia Zarate sat calmly in court as they listened to testimony from a Spanish translator on their earphones.
Gonzalez said Garcia Zarate has only a second-grade education, and they first came to the United States as a 14-year-old. The defense attorney argued that their client's background may have played a role in their prosecution.
“If this was a college student or Swedish kid would they be charged with murder?” Gonzalez said.
Testimony continues Tuesday.
The Waqf told Ma'an that Israeli police officers interrogated the guard, Majid Abdeen, while they were on duty, and hurled verbal abuse at him. The Waqf told Ma'an that Israeli police officers interrogated the guard, Majid Abdeen, while they were on duty, and hurled verbal abuse at him. An Israeli officer then reportedly assaulted and beat Abdeen on the head. An Israeli officer then reportedly assaulted and beat Abdeen on the head.
Abdeen was taken to the hospital to treat their injuries and get an X-ray. Abdeen was taken to the hospital to treat their injuries and get an X-ray.
Israeli police also summoned three other Palestinian guards for questioning, who were identified as Samer Abu Qwedr, Hussam Abu Sneina and Abed Makya. Israeli police also summoned three other Palestinian guards for questioning, who were identified as Samer Abu Qwedr, Hussam Abu Sneina and Abed Makya.
An Israeli police spokesperson could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Waqf also reported that Israeli police obstructed “repair works on a water pipe in the compound, demanding that be supervised by the Israeli Department of Antiquities. " The Waqf also reported that Israeli police obstructed “repair works on a water pipe in the compound, demanding that be supervised by the Israeli Department of Antiquities. "
In their statement, the Waqf refused Israel's demand and denounced the attacks on the Al Aqsa Mosque guards, saying they considered Tuesday's actions by Israeli police “as an attempt to impose a new reality and put pressure on Palestinian guards and worshipers in the compound.” In their statement, the Waqf refused Israel's demand and denounced the attacks on the Al Aqsa Mosque guards, saying they considered Tuesday's actions by Israeli police “as an attempt to impose a new reality and put pressure on Palestinian guards and worshipers in the compound.”
JERUSALEM (Ma'an) -- Israeli police forces reportedly assaulted one of the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound guards Tuesday morning, in addition to obstructing repair works for a water pipe in the compound, according to the Islamic Waqf, the religious trust responsible for managing the compound.
Minister of the Jordanian Waqf and Islamic Affairs Wael Arabiyat demanded Israeli authorities put an end to the escalated procedures against its employees in the Al Aqsa compound. Minister of the Jordanian Waqf and Islamic Affairs Wael Arabiyat demanded Israeli authorities put an end to the escalated procedures against its employees in the Al Aqsa compound.
Jordan, which runs the Waqf organization administering the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound, has custodianship rights over Muslim holy places in Jerusalem under its 1994 peace treaty with Israel. Jordan, which runs the Waqf organization administering the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound, has custodianship rights over Muslim holy places in Jerusalem under its 1994 peace treaty with Israel.
Arabiyat also condemned in a statement Israel's frequent intervention and presence at the compound, saying that “these interventions and assaults are illegal and a violation of the international human right laws especially the united nation and UNSCO regulated laws.” Arabiyat also condemned in a statement Israel's frequent intervention and presence at the compound, saying that “these interventions and assaults are illegal and a violation of the international human right laws especially the united nation and UNSCO regulated laws.”
They demanded that Israel “respect the holiness of Al-Aqsa compound” and put an end to the illegal procedures carried out constantly and halt Israeli extremist settlers from raiding the compound as well. They demanded that Israel “respect the holiness of Al-Aqsa compound” and put an end to the illegal procedures carried out constantly and halt Israeli extremist settlers from raiding the compound as well.
Arbiyat added that the Jordanian Islamic Waqf also considered the efforts of Al-Aqsa Mosque guards as part of “Palestinian resistance” and defending the Palestinian identity in the Al-Aqsa Mosque. Arbiyat added that the Jordanian Islamic Waqf also considered the efforts of Al-Aqsa Mosque guards as part of “Palestinian resistance” and defending the Palestinian identity in the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
They also reiterated the Jordanian government's stance towards maintaining Al-Aqsa Mosque as a holy place for Muslim worshipers only. They also reiterated the Jordanian government's stance towards maintaining Al-Aqsa Mosque as a holy place for Muslim worshipers only.
Israeli authorities have repeatedly escalated tensions inside the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in recent months, Israeli authorities have repeatedly escalated tensions inside the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in recent months, particularly during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , by allowing hundreds of Israeli extremist settlers to tour the compound under armed protection and practice religious Jewish rituals, thus provoking clashes between Muslim worshipers and Israeli forces.
The United Nations cultural heritage body UNESCO adopted a resolution regarding Israeli actions in the occupied Palestinian territory earlier this year, condemning Israel -- “the occupying power” -- for restricting access to Al-Aqsa for Muslim worshipers, allowing right-wing Israeli extremists to storm the site under armed guard, and called on Israel to restore the status quo which designates Jordan the exclusive authority on the compound.
The third holiest site in Islam, Al-Aqsa is also venerated as Judaism's most holy place, as it sits where Jews believe the First and Second Temples once stood.
While Jewish visitation is permitted to the compound, non-Muslim worship is prohibited according to an agreement signed between Israel and the Jordanian government after Israel's illegal occupation of East Jerusalem in 1967. While Jewish visitation is permitted to the compound, non-Muslim worship is prohibited according to an agreement signed between Israel and the Jordanian government after Israel's illegal occupation of East Jerusalem in 1967.
Despite this agreement, the Israeli authorities regularly allow Jewish visitors to enter the site -- often under armed guard. Such visits are typically made by right-wingers attempting to unsettle the status quo at the site, and coincide with restrictions on Palestinian access, including bans on entrance and detentions. Despite this agreement, the Israeli authorities regularly allow Jewish visitors to enter the site -- often under armed guard. Such visits are typically made by right-wingers attempting to unsettle the status quo at the site, and coincide with restrictions on Palestinian access, including bans on entrance and detentions.
Apple, HTC and Samsung aren't the only ones who have to contend with clone makers, Xiaomi have also been working to fight them for a long time and have released an app to help worried customers.
Knock off Xiaomi phones are a concern not only to the bank balance of CEO Lei Jun, but also customers and their safety. Over the past few years we have heard reports of fake Xiaomi phones exploding and generally being unsafe. The issue with Xiaomi clones is that with it being so difficult to get your hands on the real thing, it is quiet easy to fool someone in to believing a fake is real, it's not helped that MIUI is available for a number of phones and that MIUI launchers are available for every device!
It has become such a problem that Xioami have just launched an app that can identify if your Xiaomi phone is fake or not. The “identification app” is currently in beta, but can be downloaded here and can test our MI phone.
A simple one click interface will tell you if you have the real deal or tricked by a reseller. Test your Xiaomi phone and let us know how it turns out!
After going through the pictures from my last trip to Russia, I decided to put together a post about rural Russia. What is life like on the outskirts of Russia? What does a typical Russian village look like and what do people do there? If you want to find out, read on!
As an example, I am going to use a village that is very special to me: this is where my mother was born and grew up, where my grandmother lives, and where I used to go to spend my summers. Despite the fact that I am a city girl, I used to think that this was the best place on earth, the place I always looked forward to visiting. This place has a special meaning because of the people and events I associate it with. I would never want to live in this village but I am happy to have all the sweet memories of childhood and early youth that go back there and I wouldn't have it any other way. OK, enough nostalgia, let's move on to the specifics :-).
You might wonder what the cows are doing in the first image of this post. Let me explain. The event captured in the photo is Village Day, a massive yearly celebration, sort of like a street fair, with a cookout, kid's attractions (pictured), beer and a concert at the local cultural center. The cows are on their way home from the pasture. Most villagers own cows and other animals. All the cows of the village makeup the village herd. During the warm months, the cows are pastured 100% of the time. That means every morning, around 5 am all the villagers let out their cows from their stalls, the cows are gathered up by the cowboy and led out to the pastures until 9 pm. In the evening the heard is brought back to the village and the cows are met and led back to their stalls by the owner, the heard parades through the village every single day, so the cows in the image are just cows on their way back home :-).
During the cold months, the cows stay in the stalls and eat hay. In other words, all the cows in Russian villages are “grass fed beef,” not too bad, the way I see it. The pigs, which are also very common, are usually fed table scraps (помои): any and all food leftovers and byproducts such as potato peels, stale bread, eggshells, watermelon rind, etc.
The animals are kept in a structure called сарай — a building that is not too easy on the eyes, with several rooms to accommodate different animals. Children usually have to help parents with chores and animal upkeep from an early age. If you live in your own house, сарай is usually adjacent to it, however, if you live in an apartment building or your yard is not big enough, you can have a сарай on the outskirts of the village; usually they form big сарай cluster. This is what a typical сарай looks like.
Below are 3 dwelling images: an average stand alone house (wooden exteriors are, perhaps, even more popular than the one pictured); an apartment building (these particular ones were built in the 50s, without running water or sewer communications, so you have to have an outhouse in your back yard or share one with the building 🙁 ); and a local business person's house – the best house in this village 🙂
Daily life of a typical villager is pretty hard and monotonous. The jobs are scarce and the pay is pretty low. This is the main reason why a lot of young people move out to the nearest cities. The ones who don't frequently resort to alcohol.
On the inside, absence of running water is still very common. However, the situation in a lot of villages has taken a turn for the better. With the small businesses slowly growing across the country, adding a personal well and sewer is certainly an option. Many villagers did just that in my grandma's village in the last 5 years. Below is a picture of a typical washroom or санузел, a room where you can wash your face, dishes, and do any other cleaning activities.
Most of the cooking is still done from scratch. A lot of the villagers rely on their livestock for food: meat from their cows, pigs, chickens or ducks; milk, cottage cheese, and cream from the cows. Agriculture is also a very important part of their life. Absolute majority have a yard, some have several plots of land, where they grow their vegetables and fruit. A lot of people have cellars (an underground hole with a door, погреб in Russian); that is where all of your winter provisions, such as potatoes, jams and pickled goods, are stored. Depending on the size of the village, there is usually at least one or two stores. This is where you can always buy all your food, if you need to. You also have the option to purchase stuff from other villagers, which is what a lot of people still do. Villages that are big enough have some sort of art/culture facility/club, typically it is called дом культуры. This is the place where all cultural events and celebrations take place.
My grandmother, who is currently 86 years old, still does most of the things herself. There is a social worker who comes in once a week to do any chores that need to be done but my grandmother is not satisfied with the quality of their work, so they let them pick up whatever groceries and refill their water buckets (you have to get water outside at the pump) but chooses to do the laundry and cooking herself.
They also still maintains a little garden every summer, even though for the last 10 years she's been saying that they are too old for that. In their defense, they are a workaholic and it does not mean that all Russian villagers are like that (but a lot of them are :-)). When asked if they would like to move to the city and live with one of their children, they say they like to visit but they love the village and there is no place they would rather be. I guess there is no place like home, even if your home is in a remote Russian village :-).
Image caption This character - a Jawa, from Star Wars - was one of the prize winners
Arriving at the Hyatt Century City Plaza hotel, or rather the massive tent that had been erected just outside it, all that could be heard was the tell-tale thump-thump-thump of the biggest viral hit the internet has ever known - Gangnam Style.
Inside the venue, row after row of empty seats which had been laid out to line a catwalk and small stage.
Empty because right there, on the catwalk, was the strangest mix of dancers you're ever likely to see - Super Mario. Wonder Woman, The Doctor and dozens more. All up there. Gangnam Styling. Thump-thump-thump.
It was the climactic point of LA Cosplay Con, the first of what the organisers hope will be an annual gathering of "cosplayers" - people who dress up like characters from, mostly, video games and comics.
Los Angeles is a fitting place to hold an event like this, as it was in this city where the term cosplay - a portmanteau of costume and play - was apparently coined back in the 80s.
Image caption Becky Young, dressed as a Doctor Who character, hosted the LA event
It's a hobby known to some as one of those typically eccentric Japanese pastimes that "normal" people just can't fathom, but in reality, its popularity is sweeping the world. For one day in sunny California, a slice of that diversity had come together.
The big difference is the heart Shawn Shaw, Cosplayer
"This is basically where a bunch of kids, who never outgrew the dressing-up phase of our lives, now spend a lot more time and money than we probably should into these costumes," explained Kevin, who'd come as a cosplay classic, Super Mario - a get-up slightly spoiled, if we're to be picky, by their thick beard - he'd opted not to shave into Mario's trademark 'tache. So close.
"It's about embodying the character that you love so dearly," they said, through the beard.
"This is a chance to come and see other people who do the same thing and not be judged - in fact, you get praised."
Praised indeed. As part of the event, prizes were given out for the best costumes.
The winner this year was a man who had come dressed as Black Panther. To be clear, that's Black Panther from Marvel Comics - not to be confused with the Black Panther movement of the 1960s and 70s.
Image caption Kevin's committment to their Super Mario cosplay didn't extend to shaving off their beard
On its website, Marvel Comics explained that Black Panther - widely regarded as the first mainstream black comic-book hero - is a "brilliant tactician, strategist, scientist, tracker and a master of all forms of unarmed combat whose unique hybrid fighting style incorporates acrobatics and aspects of animal mimicry".
Impressive. Here, Black Panther is being ably represented by Shawn - a bus driver.
"In the future I can see cosplay becoming really big," they said.
"It will be something you see a lot more - people enjoying themselves like this."
A lot of people criticise the tiny clothes in our culture as well Becky Young, Cosplayer
It's hard to disagree when surrounded by people of the same mind as Shawn. To an outsider, cosplaying sits at the very edge of the nerd spectrum, the most public display of geekiness imaginable. But here, it does look fun.
Less fun, at least some of the people here would argue, was what was happening just down the road during that very same week: E3, the Electronic Entertainment Expo.
It's the Western world's biggest video games show. And while there are lots of dressed-up people at E3, the two groups could not be more different.
"The booth babes," said Shawn, who has been to E3, but doesn't make a habit of it.
"Some of them may be really interested in the character they dress up as... but my experience is that they're there just to get paid.
"The big difference is the heart. The heart you get into that character versus someone who is just there getting paid.
Image caption This Black Panther effort won the main prize - its wearer is Shawn, an LA bus driver
"It takes a lot of heart, a lot of courage."
The criticism of booth babes - on these pages and elsewhere - is that it's an exercise in skin-flashing to pull in business people. If the quality of a product doesn't sell it, maybe the tightness of the hotpants will.
We wanted to give our members, this group, an opportunity to have their voice heard Heather Ellertson, Entertainment Consumers Association
But it isn't the bare flesh that cosplayers disapprove of, according to Becky Young, one of the organisers of LA Cosplay Con, and a prolific and well-known cosplayer (if you're into that sort of thing).
"A lot of people criticise the tiny clothes in our culture as well," they said, while dressed as Osgood, a character who has appeared in just one episode of Doctor Who.
"That's because the artists make characters that don't have many clothes," they reasoned.
So what's the difference?
"There's a little more artistry and passion in cosplay which is kind of what makes it so exciting. The people here make their clothing from scratch, or they go out and modify clothing that's out there."
Image caption The cosplayers here say violent games should not be held accountable for real-world violence
For a competition that is, in one form or other, about looks - the atmosphere is overwhelmingly welcoming.
These are nice people, keen to demonstrate to an outsider that cosplaying is a hobby worth having, but that no, "baffled British journalist" was not a passable cosplay attempt.
It goes beyond dressing up. The people here feel their community - cosplayers and gamers - sometimes come in for the wrong kind of attention.
It's not just the perception of cosplayers, they argued, but gamers as a whole. Blaming violent games for mass shootings is a safer political bet, one attendee suggested, than blaming US gun laws.
Image caption The best cosplay takes serious effort - and a lot of creativity
"They had a time when they targeted film, then they targeted music, now it's video games," said Heather Ellertson, LA Cosplay Con's organiser, and vice-president of the Entertainment Consumers Association (ECA),
Them group was set up to represent what they say are the rights of gamers - principally, a right to not be misunderstood and used as a scapegoat.
"We wanted to give our members, this group, an opportunity to have their voice heard."
And it's a voice worth hearing, because despite the fierce weaponry on show here - a home-made axe, for instance - you'd be hard-pushed to find an event in this city that came close to being as welcoming and inclusive as this. So Gangnam on, fearless cosplayers. Gangnam on.
Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC
I'm a Reddit addict. Thus, whenever someone mentions Tijuana or there's a post about visiting, I invite them to check out Tijuana Adventure. That's how I met /u/allthingsforeign, a fairly new redditor that contacted me for their adventure. It was their second time in Tijuana. Their first time they had a tour guide that apparently did not know anything about the city (or spoke Spanish). Instead of paying for my tour services /u/allthingsforeign help me and a friend move some furniture to a new apartment.
Then we went for Tacos Guanajuato, some of the best tacos in TJ. On the way to the tacos, we walked by Zona Norte so /u/allthingsforeign could see that area in the daytime. We started the party early at around 7 pm at Mamut brewery with a couple of craft beers. The real party doesn't start till past 11 pm, so we decided to take a break and regroup again at a later time. We went to La Mezcalera to start drinking again. From there we went to Moustache, where the party was going on full blast. At some point of the night we were surrounded by women, /u/allthingsforeign and I tried our luck, but to no avail.
We ended the night at Porky's bar, a place that plays 80s music. It was also full of people and beautiful women. But close to 2:30 am, the party took a toll on us and we decided it was best to eat some Tacos Varios and call it a night.
Unfortunately, I forgot to take pictures of our adventures… but here are some pictures of a show on Thursday night at el Tigre Bar. The band Anti You from Italy played to a crowd of over 100 people.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Google
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Photo credit: World in my eyes.
Our series remembering special goals looks back at Jan Molby's wonder strike against Manchester United, a goal that remained unseen for years by anyone except those in the stadium itself
In an age in which everything is seen, everything is analysed and nothing is left to the imagination there is something romantic about memories that are yours and yours alone. So it was understandable why, in 2009, Jan Molby was somewhat torn about releasing footage of a goal – their best-ever goal – scored on 26 November 1985 in Liverpool's 2-1 victory over Manchester United in the fourth round of the Milk Cup. Because for the 41,291 fans who witnessed it at Anfield that night each had their own view of the strike, their own memory to cherish and their own story to tell afterwards. Nobody saw it in the same way. Descriptions of their run and strike varied dramatically in the 24 years from when they scored it to the day it was made public, giving it mythological status.
“I know there are an awful lot of people who were at the match who have said: ‘Jan, you could do us a favour and not release that goal because we have our own memories and we're quite happy with those.' But of course for all those that were there, there are probably 100,000 more who have never seen the goal.”
The reason for the mystery surrounding it was that the first half of the 1985-86 season was not televised due to a TV rights dispute. There was no Match of the Day to relive goals, to see whether a deflection really did happen or if your lumbering centre-back deserved to be sent off. Judgments had to be made on one viewing. Imagine that in this day and age. How would Twitter handle such a thing?
Football: Scott Murray on the absorbing 1985-86 season Read more
And so it was with Molby's goal. Fans at the match had something truly special to boast about. Those who were not there wanted to say that they were. They knew they'd missed out. Some described it as the greatest goal ever scored at Anfield. Depending on who you spoke to, they painted a picture of the 22-year-old Dane as a rock-hard powerhouse, crunching Norman Whiteside inside their own half, galloping off like Graeme Souness towards the Manchester United goal and sending a shot arrowing into the top corner from 30 yards. Others created an image of them as an elusive giant, ghosting past Clayton Blackmore, à la Johan Cruyff, before gracefully stroking the ball home. And others still, had them trying their luck from all of 45 yards with a strike of such ferocity that Gary Bailey dived out of its way. And that was the beauty of the goal. No one version of it was the same. It was unique to each and every one who was there and, with each retelling, it seemed to become ever more outlandish.
In fact, such was the growing desire over the years to see it that some fans attempted to recreate it using Pro Evolution Soccer on the Playstation (it's not a bad mock-up of Jan to be fair).
So how did it eventually come to be seen? Well, Ron Atkinson, the Manchester United manager, had the match filmed from the Main Stand gantry to help with post-match analysis. They were kind enough to give Molby a copy of the tape afterwards so that they could recall it at their leisure at home. It stayed in the Dane's Merseyside house for quite some time.
As for the goal itself, it seems crass to describe it from the footage when the aim of this piece is to point out that the strike was so special because, until recently, it was seen only by those who were at Anfield. But if you are going to watch it, then now would be an appropriate time to do so.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jan Molby's goal for Liverpool against Manchester United.
For those who remember Molby as a gifted passer who was less than mobile in their latter years at Liverpool, it's a nice reminder not to pigeonhole him. The dynamism they show in the run was a key part of their game in their early 20s. For any midfielder in England in what was a very physical era, mobility was key. Molby scored 21 goals in the 1985-86 season, their best in a Liverpool shirt.
Their runs could be every bit as powerful as their passes were subtle. For anyone needing a reminder of their brilliance at this stage of their career it's worth reliving their man-of-the-match display in the 1986 FA Cup final, which Liverpool won 3-1 against Everton to seal the Double.
When Xabi Alonso emerged at Liverpool, many older fans drew comparisons with the Dane. It was understandable, given the cerebral way in which they played for the majority of their careers. But until 1987, when Molby suffered a foot injury that hampered their progress at Liverpool and sent them on a downward spiral that led to imprisonment for drink-driving, a better latter-day comparison would be Steven Gerrard. After all, the player whose boots Molby was trying to fill at Anfield when they arrived in the mid-80s was Graeme Souness. They had to have drive – and a decent shot. Molby's ability to strike a ball was a weapon used to great effect from outside and inside the box. A minute after scoring this goal, they won the game with a spot-kick. Only Gerrard has scored more penalties for Liverpool.
The forgotten story of ... Danish Dynamite, the Denmark side of the mid-80s | Rob Smyth and Lars Eriksen Read more
For all their obvious talent, there is a “What if …” element to Molby's career. Had they played more often – and kept their body and mind in better shape in the late 80s – they could have been up there with Liverpool's greats.
But they struggled to hold down a place in the team after Ronnie Whelan replaced them because of injury in 1987. In 1990 they almost joined Barcelona, where perhaps their deft passing game would have flourished. A fee of £1.6m was agreed but the move broke down and Molby remained at Anfield. Many fans hoped Dalglish would play them as a sweeper – as they had done at times in the Double-winning season – but it was such an alien thing to do in England when 4-4-2 was the norm for every opposing team, that they had to wait for Liverpool's decline before they could properly force their way back in. And let's not forget how good Liverpool were from 1987 to 1989.
So there is something fitting about Molby's greatest-ever goal having been missed by so many. Because their career was similar – its peak came in a season when so few people were watching. (Scott Murray explains why in this wonderful retelling of the 1985-86 First Division championship).
The story of Molby and Denmark is similarly frustrating and they emerged at a time when Danish football was as good as it would ever be. Perhaps a feeling of never having shown the world what they were truly capable of was what prompted them to make their wonder strike public. Who can blame him? But it's hard not to think that the goal was just a little more golden before, rather than after, its emergence on YouTube.
I'll be damned if I admit that I noticed it, or really cared about this sort of thing, but Rockstar has made the switch regardless. If it ever bothered you that Grand Theft Auto's GPS counted distances in miles instead of kilometres, Rockstar has kindly granted you the option to switch to the metric system. Amazing.
Apparently this bothered some people. To the point where it must have been a requested option. Personally? It's never bothered me. Probably because I grew up in the UK where distances and speeds are mostly measured in miles. I have a rough idea of those distances and how they convert. Maybe if I grew up in Australia, and had no idea how it all worked, I'd feel a little different.
Via Reddit
These last few weeks have been full of “The Walking Dead” goodies like posters, clips and trailers. But this is even better. The midseason premiere is almost here, but if you can't wait till then, you can watch the first three minutes from the midseason premiere episode, “Nebraska” courtesy of AMC.
The new episode marks the first new episode since last November. It is the eighth episode of the second Season.
“The Walking Dead” has been a critically acclaimed television series and continues to please critics and fans alike. The show is based on the ongoing comic book series, The Walking Dead by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
The second season follows the group of survivors as they leave Atlanta and head for Fort Benning. When a member of their group goes missing, they begin to unravel and secrets on both sides threaten to destroy them all.
AMC renewed The Walking Dead for a third season on October 25, 2011, after the season two premiere broke cable ratings records in the 18–49 demographic. AMC president, Charlie Collier said:
“We are thankful for everyone's contribution in front of and behind the camera as we continue to make The Walking Dead a unique television experience. And, we are so proud as it continues to set viewership records around the world.”
“Nebraska” will premiere on Sunday February 12th.
You can watch the three minutes below:
Share this: Twitter
Tumblr
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Extracted from the pre-released book Finding Freedom in an Age of Confusion by John G. Vibes.
The world that we were born into and have found ourselves in today is such a complicated mess that even beginning to think about having a positive impact on society can leave any sane person feeling hopeless and defeated before they even get started. Our culture has shielded us from the harsh reality of our existence for our entire lives, so being exposed to this reality for the first time can be a very confusing or even traumatic process. To react with incredulous aversion is a common thing for people to do when approached with information that contradicts the ideas that they built their lives around.
When it comes to the violence of the state and the corrupt nature of the social institutions that surround us, it is very rare for anyone to take this kind of information lightly.
Even after someone is able to see past the lies of the mainstream worldview, the path toward a more peaceful and free existence can be so difficult and frightening that it can seem like an impossible suicide mission. This is the obstacle that prevents most people from even attempting to change or criticize the society that they were brought up in. If creating a free society and a world without war was easy, then I guarantee you that overnight millions of people would instantly be condemning the state and the moral injustice of the violence that it carries out.
Since creating freedom where there is now dictatorship is a very delicate and painstaking process with no real instruction manual, it can seem like a very daunting task. However, humanity is a species capable of incredible things, things that were once seen as impossible and unthinkable.
Today we live in a world with tools and capabilities that would appear to be magic to our ancestors, yet we still have been unable to escape the same primitive traditions that held them captive in their time.
We can instantly speak to people all over the world, travel in to space and store incredible amounts of information into extremely small spaces, but sadly we still live our day-to-day lives in confusion and fear just as so many generations before us did.
This era that we are living in is an extremely pivotal time in the human story because we really have reached that long awaited moment where we have become advanced enough to destroy this planet and everything on it. This is a massive responsibility, a responsibility that can only be met with a radical elevation in consciousness, one which will allow our species to finally become civilized beings.
No self-respecting creature wants to look at themselves or the society that they identify with as being barbaric or uncivilized. Surely even the cavemen who painted on walls with animal dung thought of themselves as being gentlemen and scholars. However, when a species is killing each other by the millions, enslaving one another and taking part in the kind of culturally justified violence that we see today, it becomes apparent that there is still a lot of work to be done before we can honestly say that humanity is civilized.
This is a worthwhile goal though, to do what we can during our lives to leave the world and the human consciousness in better condition than they were when they were left for us. In all reality, one could argue that this is the meaning of life! It is not an easy path to take and there is no guarantee that you will see the fruits of your labor in your own lifetime, but any new frontier is always shrouded in this same sort of uncertainty, danger and controversy. The creation of the world's first free society in recorded history is simply the most recent frontier in the realm of human consciousness, just as space exploration is the most recent frontier in the physical realm. Just a hundred years ago if you told someone you were going to build a rocket to fly people into outer space you may have run the risk the being committed to a mental hospital. Yet despite popular opinion the human imagination has once again defied our previous conception of reality by exploring new frontiers and pushing beyond the boundaries of what was said to be possible.
If you are reading these words, then you are without a doubt in the midst of today's great frontier, which is the fight for freedom and the search for peace. You are a pioneer who has the courage to journey into uncharted territory and be you own mapmaker. Along with the millions of others worldwide who are beginning to find their purpose, you have the ability to change the world for the better in your lifetime, no matter what kind of situation you come from or where you call home. You have found yourself on a rewarding but arduous and sometimes lonely path. I know, because I have been walking this path for the better part of my life, and some years ago I passed the point of no return, to where this path has now become my home.
After realizing that there was no turning back I have tried my best to find the beauty and positivity that surrounds me on this path that I have chosen, and I have found a lot to be optimistic about. I have also made a lot of mistakes and wasted too much time worrying about things that I shouldn't have. All of these experiences both good and bad have resulted in the essays contained in this book.
These are simply my thoughts on the research that I have done and the world that I see around me, if you want the names, dates and facts, they have all been saved for my hardback Alchemy of the Modern Renaissance, which I will refer to when sourcing is necessary.
_______________________
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to their writing and activist work they are also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, they became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page. You can find their 65-chapter Book entitled Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance at bookpatch.com.
If you enjoyed this post, please consider sending a BTC tip to John at: 19LXYYxEjXguRnQ1GNyF78RBoiCPEircic
Image copyright EPA
Plunging temperatures in Moscow failed to dent the enthusiasm of hundreds of cyclists who took to the streets in a mass event.
The organisers ignored warnings to cancel and say some 500 took part in the ride, aimed at promoting cycling.
The participants, some dressed as Santa Claus or the Russian equivalent, braved temperatures of minus 27C.
"Not one of the participants... ended up going to the doctors after it finished," organisers said.
Image copyright EPA
Dubbed Let's Bike It, the course took riders 15km (nine miles) along the banks of the frozen Moscow river with the Kremlin as backdrop.
This man was putting on a spurt on to make it to the start in time.
Image copyright EPA
But some riders could not do it without support from their loved-ones, including this lady with their well insulated pet.
Steve Brueck is a different kind of crazy, he's my kind of crazy. Not only is they a car guy but he's a weather guy too, that puts them in this rare elite nerd area reserved for those of us who probably should be in white padded rooms. I had seen Steve hanging out around the same weather haunts that I do for a good while now, but it was their post on their 2100 mile round trip to the SCCA Solo National Championships that made me have to get ahold of them to do an article. Graciously they accepted my offer. I think you guys will love this build, it is not your usual Auto X build, you see it is a Jeep, well sort of.
Steve races in a class that requires an 80 inch wheelbase so as you can imagine the options available are quite limited. So it would have to be custom. So Del Long was commissioned Jim Murphy (the cars owner) to build a unique car for the task. The chassis for the car is an Allison Legacy chassis that is similar to a NASCAR circle track chassis.
You might be asking what would be used to power this baby? An LNF of course, ecotecs are another thing near and dear to my heart having tuned a couple dozen myself, so it was very cool to see one go into this car. Steve tells me “The engine is bone stock except for a bigger intercooler, waste gate, bigger down-pipe and a E85 engine tune by Trifecta. It makes approximately 360 rwhp and 400 ft lbs of torque. Our minimum weight is 1750 with driver and at the Nationals I was right at 1769 with me in it. ” That is some serious power to weight ratio. I think it is a real testament to GM's engine design that a near stock turbo four cylinders can make that kind of power.
The transmission mated to the LNF is a Doug Nash 2 speed quick change typically found on circle track racers. Housed in the rear end are 4.11 gears. Here is a quick view of the Ford 8.8 inch rear end and the rear coils.
The tires are straight from a Formula Atlantic car and steering is provided by a power steering unit from a Toyota Yaris.
So where does the Jeep come in? Just check out that grill.
Between Jim Murphy's leadership, Del Long's building ability, and Steve's driving skill the car managed a 3rd place finish at Nationals this year beating out some pretty big names in Solo racing.
Steve has numerous videos up on youtube to see it in action, check out the one below!
Thanks to Steve for letting me do this article and for the use of their photos.
Check out Steve's weather site (one of the best on the net)
Check out the SCCA's site for more info on Solo racing and how you can get involved!
New Delhi: One would now be able to make digital payments without having a mobile phone, Internet connection, debit or credit card as Prime Minister Narendra Modi would on Friday release BHIM-Adhar interface enabling digital payments using biometric data.
The new interface would be launched in Nagpur during the 126th birth anniversary celebrations of Bhim Rao Ambedkar.
A statement issued by the NITI Aayog said that the BHIM-Adhaar merchant interface would pave the way for making digital payments on the Aadhaar platform using biometric data like thumb imprint on a merchant's biometric-enabled device.
"Any citizen without access to smart phones, the Internet, debit or credit cards will be able to transact digitally through the BHIM-Aadhaar platform, thus realising Ambedkar's vision of social and financial empowerment for all," the statement said.
It added that 27 major banks were already on board with around three lakh merchants so that they can start accepting payments using BHIM-Aadhaar.
During the event, Modi would also launch two new initiatives to push digital payments - cash back and referral bonus schemes - with an outlay of Rs 495 crore for a period of six months.
"Under the referral bonus scheme, both the existing user who refers BHIM (Bharat Interface for Money) and the new user who adopts BHIM would get a cash bonus credited directly to their account.
"Under the cashback scheme, the merchants will get a cashback on every transaction using BHIM," the statement added.
CEO NITI Aayog Amitabh Kant said that the launch of BHIM-Aadhaar App and the launch of the two schemes — cashback and referral schemes — would provide a "major impetus to the digital payment revolution in India".
During the event, the Prime Minister would also declare about 75 townships going "less-cash" where the deployment of payment acceptance infrastructure is complete and all the families are covered under training programs.
"Only those townships which have reported more than 80 percent of the total number of transactions being done through digital modes of payments during the review period are included in this list," the government said.
These townships are likely to generate over 1.5 lakh digital transactions every day thereby leading to about 5.5 crore digital transactions in a year, it added.
During the event, Modi would also felicitate the winners of the mega draw of the two major incentive schemes to promote digital payments - Lucky Grahak Yojana for customers and Digidhan Vyapaar Yojana for traders.
Modi had in December 2016 announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
They had announced that apart from regular prizes, one big bumper draw would be held on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti in which the winning price would be in crores.
Later same month, they launched BHIM app, an Aadhaar-based mobile payment application to promote and make digital transactions easier.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
LITTLE ROCK—Christopher R. Thyer, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas, James W. Werner, Special Agent in Charge of the South Central Field Office of the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of the Inspector General (VAOIG), and Matthew R. Barden, Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the Little Rock District Office of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), announced today the unsealing a federal indictment charging three Veterans Affairs (VA) employees with conspiring to steal prescription medications, including opioids, from the VA John L. McClellan Memorial Veterans Hospital in Little Rock, and conspiring to distribute those drugs.
The superseding indictment, returned by a federal grand jury on Wednesday, charges Satishkumar "Steve" Patel, 44, of North Little Rock, Alisha Pagan, 33, of Mabelvale, and Nikita Neal, 42, of Little Rock with eight counts stemming from a scheme to order oxycodone, hydrocodone, Viagra, Cialis, and promethazine syrup with codeine and divert them from the VA for street distribution.
"This case is an example of government employees using their position of trust to not only steal from the taxpayers of Arkansas, but also to poison the communities we live in with dangerous drugs," Thyer said. "Curbing the illegal distribution of opioids continues to be a primary focus for my office, and it is particularly troubling when the crime is being committed by people in the health-care industry."
This investigation began in June 2016, when VAOIG received a report that large amounts of unaccounted for prescription medications were charged to VA accounts. The VAOIG's investigation revealed that Patel, a pharmacy technician, used their VA access to a medical supplier's web portal to order and divert 4,000 oxycodone pills, 3,300 hydrocodone pills, 308 ounces of promethazine with codeine syrup, and more than 14,000 Viagra and Cialis pills, at a cost to the VA of approximately $77,700 dollars, with a street value of more than $160,000. It is alleged that Patel falsified payment invoices to avoid detection.
"This indictment illustrates that the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General remains committed to stemming the diversion and abuse of opioids in VA facilities," Werner said.
During the course of the investigation, which included controlled deliveries of oxycodone at the direction of law enforcement, VAOIG and DEA determined that Patel was distributing the medications to pharmacy technician Pagan, who in turn distributed a portion of the drugs to Neal, a pharmacy technician student trainee.
"The abuse of prescription drugs, such as oxycodone and hydrocodone, remains a significant problem in our communities. For the health and safety of our citizens, DEA will continue to target the illegal diversion of these pharmaceuticals, which can result in the tearing apart of families and the destruction of individual lives," Barden said. "It is particularly egregious when the perpetrators of such illegal acts are health care professionals responsible for ensuring that potentially dangerous drugs are dispensed properly. We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners, including those at the Department of Veteran Affairs Office of the Inspector General, to ensure that if a health care provider illegally diverts pharmaceuticals, they will be held accountable for the harm they cause."
All three defendants are charged in a conspiracy to steal the medication, as well as conspiracies to distribute oxycodone and hydrocodone. Patel is also charged in four counts of possession with intent to deliver oxycodone, and Pagan is charged with one count of possession with intent to deliver oxycodone.
Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute oxycodone and hydrocodone, and possession with intent to distribute oxycodone and hydrocodone is punishable by not more than 20 years' incarceration in the Bureau of Prisons, with a possible fine of up to $1,000,000, and not less than 3 years supervised release. Conspiracy to steal government property is punishable by not more than five years' incarceration in the Bureau of Prisons, with a possible fine of up to $250,000, and not more than three years supervised release.
The case against Patel, Pagan, and Neal was investigated by the VAOIG and DEA, and is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Hunter Bridges.
An indictment contains only allegations. A defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
Double Fine's upcoming sci-fi building sim, Spacebase DF-9, has recouped its $400K investment in a fortnight.
Where's George Clooney when you need him?
This milestone was reported by the Indie Fund, the collective of indie developers responsible for backing such projects as The Swapper and Monaco. The Indie Fund noted that it usually only invests $50 - $150K in a project - and indeed it only invested $75K in this case - but the Humble Bundle, Hemisphere Games, make all, AppAbove Games, Adam Saltsman, The Behemoth, Morgan Webb, and Rob Reid put in a remaining $325K.
The collective noted in its announcement that 85 per cent of Spacebase's revenue came from Steam Early Access sales, while the remaining 15 per cent came from direct sales on the game's official site. Either way, it's been priced at £18.99 / $25 (or £22.99 / $30 with the soundtrack).
"This is an important milestone for us because the success of this experiment opens the door for us to support more projects of this magnitude in the future," said the Indie Fund. "To be clear, this won't affect the number of smaller projects we fund. Our bottleneck has always been finding promising projects to invest in, not lack of funds."
"It also provides an encouraging data point about bringing together larger groups of people to support larger projects, and we are mulling over what this might mean for the future of Indie Fund," the collective added.
This bodes well for Double Fine testing the waters of Steam Early Access, where it will debut a still-in-progress version of Broken Age in January.
Pledis Entertainment's CEO Han Sung Soo has been confirmed to be the producer of the nine-member group that will debut from Mnet's “Idol School.”
The episode of “Idol School” that will air on September 29 will be the final competition leading up to choosing who will make the debut team. The remaining 18 students have been divided into three groups that will perform three new tracks “Pinocchio,” “You're in My Fantasies,” (literal title) and “MAGICAL.” The votes that are tallied from today's broadcast will be added to last week's live broadcast votes and evaluations to choose the top 9 trainees.
The nine trainees who make the debut team will be led by CEO Han Sung Soo of Pledis Entertainment, which houses popular idol groups like NU'EST, SEVENTEEN, and PRISTIN. “Idol School” and Han Sung Soo will work together to manage the group's training and debut. The students who don't make the cut will continue training under the “Idol School” system.
The debut group will also be filming a reality program that follows them on their journey from trainees to idols, and this show will air every Friday at 7 p.m. KST from October 20.
“Idol School” will air on September 29 at 11 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
In the main event of Wednesday's UFC Fight Night 35 out of Duluth, GA, middleweight Luke Rockhold (11-2) finished Constantinos Philippou (12-4, 1 NC) just two and a half minutes into the first round of their fight. Rockhold moved up to 1-1 in the UFC, recovering from a KO loss to Vitor Belfort in their promotional debut. Philippou is now on the first two-fight losing streak of their MMA career and fell to 5-3 inside the Octagon.
Rockhold caught Costa early with a hook, but Philippou was able to recover and land a shot of their own. They didn't last long after that when Luke landed a big kick to the body that took the wind out of him. Rockhold followed immediately with another body kick that sent Philippou to the mat and a final kick to the body forced the stoppage at 2:31.
What was the high point of the fight?
It may be just me, but body shot finishes are one of the best things in this sport. You definitely want to check out how Rockhold put the stamp on this one.
Where do they go from here?
This was a much-needed win for Rockhold. The loss to Belfort hurt their stock in the division, but this performance reassured their position as a top 185 lber. In their post-fight speech and on Twitter they called out Michael Bisping, as has the rest of the middleweight division. Bisping still has to get medical clearance to fight, but assuming that goes well and they want it I'd say the fight makes sense for both.
After giving up their last two fights, Philippou probably just fell out of the top 10. He's a talented fighter, but their offensive limitations are going to keep them behind the elite of the division. If Bisping does choose to fight Rockhold, I'd like to see Costas against Tim Kennedy who has also been campaigning for a fight against "The Count."
Watch it now, later, or never?
A fantastic performance from Rockhold with real relevance to the top of the middleweight division. Go ahead and watch it now.
NEW DELHI: Soon after PM Narendra Modi visits Tel Aviv in July, the first-ever by an Indian PM since bilateral diplomatic relations were established in 1992, the Indian Air Force will be participating in a top-notch air combat exercise in Israel.
In the first such exercise to be held with Israel, India will be among the seven nations taking part in the "
" exercise, which will witness almost 100 fighters and other aircraft undertake extensive combat manoeuvres for two weeks, said sources.
The other six nations are the United States, Greece, Poland, France, Germany and Italy. The Blue Flag exercise till now used to involve the US, Greece and Poland, apart from of course Israel.
Though India and Israel share expansive defence ties, ever since Tel Aviv rushed emergency weapon supplies to New Delhi during 1999 Kargil conflict, the relationship has largely been kept under wraps due to domestic political sensitivities.
The NDA government has firmly brought them out of the closet now. Israel is among the top three arms suppliers to India, notching up sales worth almost $1 billion every year.
The acquisitions range from Phalcon AWACS (airborne warning and control systems) and Searcher, Heron and Harop UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles) to Aerostat and Green Pine radars, Barak anti-missile defence systems and several types of missiles & laser-guided bombs.
Ahead of Modi's trip to Israel, as was earlier reported by TOI, India last month cleared a Rs 16,830 crore project between DRDO and Israel Aerospace Industries to develop medium-range surface to air missile (MR-SAM) systems for the Army.
This project follows the two similar DRDO-IAI programmes already underway for MR-SAMs for Indian warships (initial cost was Rs 2,606 crore) and IAF air defence squadrons (Rs 10,076 crore).
The bilateral Joint Working Group on Defence is also discussing probable joint R&D projects in fields like high-endurance UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles), micro-satellite surveillance systems, armoured vehicles and different types of missiles and precision-guided munitions, said sources.
Another big procurement in the works is for two more Israeli Phalcon AWACS, which are to be mounted on Russian IL-76 military aircraft, and four more Aerostat radars for well over $1 billion.
None of them work. The elaborate schemes supposed to widen access to the UK's top universities – the summer schools, the mentoring programmes, the taster days, the bursaries and scholarships – have failed. The proportion of poor students these universities accept has fallen over the past 15 years.
A new report by the Office for Fair Access (Offa) shows that intelligent children from the richest 20% of homes in England are seven times more likely to attend a high-ranking university than intelligent children from the poorest 40%. In the mid-1990s they were six times more likely. The better the college, the worse the figures become. The Higher Education Statistics Agency publishes the figures for individual universities. I've just been through the spreadsheets. In 2002-3, when the data begins, 5.4% of students at Cambridge and 5.8% at Oxford came from "low participation neighbourhoods". By 2008-9, the proportion had fallen to 3.7% and 2.7%. This has happened despite 13 years of a Labour government that listed its priorities as "education, education, education", and tens of millions spent – particularly by Oxford and Cambridge – on outreach and encouragement.
People of my social background (upper middle class, public school) dominate every economic sector except those – such as sport and hard science – in which only raw ability counts. Through networking, confidence, unpaid internships – most importantly through our attendance at the top universities – we run the media, politics, the civil service, the arts, the City, law, medicine, big business, the armed forces, even, in many cases, the protest movements challenging these powers. The Milburn report, published last year, showed that 45% of top civil servants, 53% of top journalists, 32% of MPs, 70% of finance directors and 75% of judges come from the 7% of the population who went to private schools. Even the beneficiaries should be able to see that this system is grotesque, invidious and socially destructive.
Children from privileged homes begin to creep ahead of their peers long before school begins: the link between background and attainment, Offa says, is evident at 22 months. But schooling widens the gap. By the time they sit GCSEs, the children of higher professionals are nearly three times as likely to get five good grades as the children of people in routine work. Fewer working-class children take A-levels, and those who do get lower scores. Pupils at private schools account for some 15% of entries but take around 30% of A grades.
But this isn't just about grades. Even when children from poorer homes do well, they are less likely to apply to the top universities. Going by grades alone, there's a shortfall of some 4,500 state sector pupils who should, all else being equal, enrol on the UK's top courses. These students aren't applying partly because their schools don't encourage them to do so; partly because they feel that the top universities aren't for the likes of them.
Private schools, by comparison, groom their pupils for Oxford and Cambridge. They pass from the quadrangles of Eton to the quadrangles of Oxford with a sense of entitlement. (Many of them spend the rest of their lives nannied in quadrangles, at the bar and the Palace of Westminster. They then instruct everyone else to stand on their own two feet).
So what is to be done? The Offa report is coherent and persuasive – until it starts making recommendations. It documents the utter failure of existing measures to redress the problem. It makes the startling observation that "there is no clear correlation" between the efforts a university makes to widen admission and the results of those efforts. It then proposes a radical and dynamic programme of, er, more of the same. More summer schools, more outreach, better bursaries and scholarships, more "promoting good practice", even though we know this good practice doesn't work. These complex and expensive measures are necessary, it says, because "the solution was never going to be short or simple". It is wrong.
There is a short and simple solution, first proposed 11 years ago by the journalist Peter Wilby. Oxford and Cambridge, they suggested, should offer places to the top one or two pupils from every school, regardless of grades. The next-best universities would offer places to the pupils who come third and fourth, and so on downwards. There would be some adjustment for the size of the school, but the brutal logic holds.
Sit back for a moment and let the implications sink in. The system wouldn't be perfectly fair, because of the advantages privileged children enjoy from the beginning, though it would be a heck of a lot fairer than the current arrangement. Instead of scrambling to insert their children into the best state schools, pushy parents would seek to enrol them in the worst. As Nick Davies's investigation of the schools crisis in the Guardian showed, the overwhelming reason why some schools fail is that "the bright middle-class children are being siphoned off into private schools and a minority of state schools … The system fails because it is segregated." Under Wilby's programme, no longer.
Private schools would collapse overnight: the last place you'd want to put your child is where other ambitious parents have sent theirs. The top universities would no longer be enclaves of the privileged; working-class children would feel that they have just as much right to be there as the scions of the posh. The middle-class flight to good catchment areas would screech into reverse as wealthy families extracted themselves from their comfortable ghettos. Social mixing begins both in and out of school.
It is not quite the end of the matter. There would still be a need for outreach programmes, taster days and bursaries; but this time they would work, as bright students of all backgrounds would know that they stood an equal chance. There would still be a need for Sure Start and other means of tackling disadvantage from birth. Rich parents would still seek to help their children get to the top by buying them extra tuition. There are two answers to this. The expensive one is to offer extra tuition, free of charge, to everyone. The cheap one is to dock the positions of those who receive it.
Wilby's revolutionary idea was greeted by government and educational reformers with a momentous thunderclap of … silence. Governments can do what they like to help the disadvantaged, as long as they don't threaten the privileges of the ruling classes. This programme has not been adopted for one obvious reason: it would work. The far safer course is the one promoted in the Offa report: wring your hands, spend some money, but for God's sake don't solve the problem, unless you want the most powerful classes in open revolt.
When this idea was first published, the government could at least claim that it was trying something else. The something else didn't work. Let's make the real solution impossible to ignore.
www.monbiot.com
Motorbike rider attacked with acid on highway near Melbourne
Updated
A motorbike rider has suffered serious burns to their face and body after an acid attack on a highway near Melbourne.
Police say the 62-year-old victim was riding back to Melbourne on the highway when they were hailed down by another motorbike rider just before midday on Saturday.
The 62-year-old was then reportedly pushed down an embankment by the other motorcyclist, who fled when a green sedan pulled up.
Detective Acting Sergeant Peter Johnston says three men got out of that sedan and verbally abused the victim before throwing a large amount of acid in their face.
"It's an absolute callous attack, there's potential to do some serious injury to this man," they said.
Police say the victim has no links to outlaw motorcycle clubs and there does not appear to be any motive for the attack.
Topics: assault, crime, melbourne-3000, bena-3946
First posted
Why Johnny is the fairest character in the game
I'm going to explain why there's no reason you should be losing to Johnny, by covering how terrible they are at the three core stages of the game: Offense, Defense, and Neutral.
Preface: I am going to ignore everything about Johnny being at mist finer level 2/3. If you are good and outplay them they will never have landed a coin on you. If you let Johnny get coins on you, you are not applying the following theory properly. Even so, the final part will explain that it still doesn't matter.
Part 1: Johnny has no mixup
TK Mist Finer Level 1 - completely reactable. You can see their sword come out and still react block. Even if your defense is bad it does no damage, just ignore it.
TK Mist Finer Level 2/3 - completely reactable. You can react to them entering mist stance. Just block it and laugh at them being back to level 1.
Throw - Just jump on reaction to their forward dash or fuzzy jump. They should never be close enough to you to throw without dashing because FD'ing their normals pushes them back to half screen.
Part 2: Johnny's pressure is all fake
Johnny has no legitimate way to get close to you.
Dash - reactable. Just jab them out of it.
6K - not only reactable, but its basically a suicide move. just hit them out of it, or block, since its punishable on block.
2H - Just IB it and option select fuzzy forward jump back airthrow every single time. If they do mist finer, just react (see Part 1).
Walk Forward - Hit him.
Coin - Johnny cannot spare any coins to use for pressure. Doing so will mean they will run out before they can kill you. Also very reactable.
Air Dash - React.
Mist Cancel gives them frame advantage, but not enough to walk forward back to the same spot they started. They will always be moving backwards even if they are +. Meaning they must do one of the above actions or they will eventually lose their turn in which case you win.
Now that you've read Part 1 and Part 2, you should realize that you're only getting hit by Johnny if you're not looking at the screen.
Part 3: Johnny has no defensive options
If you're not playing Johnny then your character has the unfair mechanics known as mixups and setplay. All you need to do to beat Johnny is touch them once and let momentum carry you, or build up their guard bar then kill them in one combo. To silence those who are still doubtful, here's a list of things you might think are defensive options and why they're not real:
Super: Always punishable if you're not bad. Can be low profiled or jumped over. Requires meter, which they should not have unless you let them hit you somehow (see Part 1).
Dead Angle: See Super
Blitz: See Super. Also, even if Johnny succeeds, they are simply putting themselves at disadvantage, since they now must play around their opponent's return blitz mind game, which has higher reward than their (See Part 2 first paragraph).
Mashing: Johnny's defensive normals are all too slow. Only works if opponents are bad.
Blocking: This is also known as delaying the inevitable. Also raises users guard bar, increasing the damage taken next turn.
FD: Gives your opponents more plus frames. Since Johnny's normals suck (see above), opponents can just do infinite blockstrings. Eventually you will run out of meter (See: Blocking).
Backdash: Slow, reactable, easily option selectable while doing infiinite blockstrings (see FD)
Now that you've read Part 3, you should not be losing once you touch him. See Part 4 for how to touch him.
Part 4: Johnny has no neutral
Their pokes are awful. They lead to no damage and are terrible on whiff. Johnny must read in order to make contact with you. All you need to do is FD brake and whiff punish him. If you're not doing that it means he's just outreading you (Re-read entire page). The only normal that is not whiff punishable is 5K, which is getting nerfed in Rev2 so that it can be whiffed punished.
They cannot even move around to adjust their spacing, so you should never have difficulty outspacing Johnny.
As mentioned, both forward and backdash are reactable. They cannot even approach from the air because Zweihander has 50f of startup and you can simply airthrow or hit them before they can do it, unless you're bad at reacting.
They can YRC, but all you need to do is YRC back. You should have more meter than them from infinite blockstrings or punishing fraudulent pressure.
Eventually all Johnny can do is walk backwards into a corner, at which point if you're not already on him, see Part 3.
Part 5: Even if you fucked up it still doesn't matter
No one is perfect. Maybe somehow you stood still and let them coin you twice and also let them hit you again, so they did a full combo on you.
Well, luckily, because Johnny has limited coins which do forced proration (65% iirc), they can't even kill you properly even if you eat every single "mixup" (See Part 1). Treasure Hunt can give them the coins needed to kill you, but only if they have meter. We're assuming you made enough mistakes to give them 50 meters. If so, you could be fucked, but as long as you block one mixup, you won't die and thus can just follow Part 1/2 into Part 4 into Part 3 to win.
Reply · Report Post
The Real Story Of David Schutter
I'm a week-after-funeral late in writing about the late attorney David Schutter. I wanted to let the eulogies settle before I got down to the nitty-gritty of their life as I knew it.
I first met Schutter when they arrived here in 1968 from Arizona, where they were nationally known as the primary law researcher for the Miranda case that makes police warn arrestees of their rights.
My now-wife, Denby Fawcett, was then a newspaper reporter covering Schutter's lawsuit to stop Washington from sending them and the other 29th Brigade National Guard soldiers to Vietnam as combat replacements. They argued, unsuccessfully, that Uncle Sam had promised to keep National Guard troops together by unit.
Schutter understood he'd be a poor spokesperson here as a haolecome- lately. They coached a brigade cook, Henry Peters, to be the public voice for the wedon't- want-to-go gang.
Washington sent the brigade to war. It gave Schutter a safe assignment at Saigon headquarters. It kept Peters safe in Hawaii.
Schutter came back and set up a criminal law practice. Peters would become the speaker of the state House and a Bishop Estate trustee.
Schutter was a brilliant attorney with a thirst to win. They realized we had many marginal judges appointed for their goalong, get-along roles in our oneparty Legislature. They were not the best or the brightest.
Schutter didn't fear them. They tore into them. They turned their back — emphasizing their butt — on one judge and said that was what the court deserved from the defense.
They were the first lawyer here to utilize scientific picking of juries. The first to investigate pool jurors.
They were an “attitude lawyer.” One of their associates tells me that when Schutter was co-counsel in a case with F. Lee Bailey, who asked them to carry their briefcase, Schutter told them “carry your own f@&*#@g briefcase.”
I did ask them about their vigorous defense of very bad people they knew to be guilty. Schutter believed the law school mantra that every defendant is entitled to the best defense. If the prosecution can't prevail, that's tough. In Schutter's heyday, our prosecutors weren't worth a damn and they prevailed.
They once told me: “The same people in this town who complain that I let criminals go free are the people who'd call me in a minute if their sons were arrested.”
When I was busted for DUI, my first call was to Schutter. My wife once said if they were fed up with me and killed me, their second call would be to the police. Them first would be to Schutter.
Schutter had a horrible marital life, a godawful relationship with their biological children (he adopted and gave most attention to the son of a friend), and was a disaster as a business person.
One biological son was convicted of robbery and given 10 years in prison. One was busted for cocaine possession. One went to law school but doesn't practice. Schutter died in the adopted son's house in Kailua. There's a stepdaughter, too.
Most of their law partners could only stand to work with them for a short time. They had many, including former Gov. Ben Cayetano. Only investigator Steve Lane stuck it out for 10 years.
Schutter had their Kahala mansion open for a decorators' tour one year and when I went to it, there they are. Most people evacuate for that Sunday.
“Why are you here?” I asked him.
“Hey, some sexy chicks come on this tour, see me, and say ‘wow, is this your house?' I take them upstairs and show them my bedroom with the mirrors.”
The mother of one of Schutter's most deadly Waianae criminal clients would deliver them their fees in cash regularly at their office in a brown paper bag.
They tried to withdraw as lawyer for one of our crazier criminals, who came to their office and said in way that couldn't be misunderstood: “You're still my lawyer.” But that was the end of their criminal practice. He'd had it with the nasties.
Their nutzo behavior at a son's teen sporting event got them banned from all future games. They built a basketball court and hired a pro player to instruct that son.
They went from a legal comet in our community to a fizzle. From a hot news item to a “who's he?” They were a man who quickly made a lot of money and quickly lost a lot of money; a walking time bomb health-wise, who stumbled through Kahala Mall at a young age with a walker and a care giver and unfocused eyes.
That's the real story of David Schutter.
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Most Recent Comment(s):
Commenting is not available in this weblog entry.
I shall be telling this with a sigh Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. —Bilbo Baggins
Okay, so maybe it wasn't Bilbo who penned those immortal lines, but it seems like something they might have written so I'm just rolling with it.
Today marks the start of a new series that I'm calling Path Less Traveled. While my ongoing Thematic Nightmare series is more likely to appeal to grizzled old veterans such as myself, it's not as accessible to those who are just starting on their journey into the wide world of The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game. That's okay with me—after all, there are dozens of LotR LCG blogs, podcasts, and YouTube channels out there with years of excellent content directed specifically at new players.
They can follow along with the meta as it evolved by watching Mitch and Matthew's Progression Series on YouTube (either the old one or the reboot series). For those more inclined towards the written word, Warden of Arnor's The Line Unbroken series also follows each quest in order of release. Whenever someone mentions that they're new to the game on the subreddit or one of the online forums, it's pretty much inevitable that Beorn's Path will come up in the conversation. For good reason, too—Beorn does an excellent job of describing their thought processes as they lead you through the first cycle (and first Deluxe) of the game.
But there's a bit of a problem
Now that The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game has been going for several years, it has a lot of content available for new players to choose from—but more importantly, it has a lot of unavailable content as well. The Shadows of Mirkwood cycle was out of print for at least six months, only recently receiving a reprint. Dwarrowdelf is still unavailable (although hopefully a fresh print run is coming soon). Many new players of the game are faced with a difficult decision: Do I wait for the old content to come back in print so I can play everything in order, or do I just buy one of the newer cycles and hope for the best?
Today, there isn't much in the way of guidance for these players. It's often pointed out that the quests get harder as you go, so Easy Mode is a common recommendation. But because most of the veterans played the game in order of release, nobody seems sure just how well things would work out if you happened to skip around. Would the later cycles be too hard with a small card pool? Do you really have to use Easy Mode to win? Which would be the best “next purchase” after the Core Set if Shadows of Mirkwood and Khazad-Dûm are unavailable?
I intend to answer these questions
That's what Path Less Traveled is going to be all about. In this series, I will be playing through some of the newer quests as if I were starting out fresh, with nothing but a single Core Set and a deckbox full of dreams. I will address some of the challenges that new players would face if they made an unconventional choice for their first purchase after the Core, and attempt to answer some of the questions that seem to keep cropping up for the modern new player.
To help myself get started, these are the guidelines I intend to follow:
I will be using only a single copy of the Core Set. Nobody is excited about spending $40 on a bunch of surplus cards for their second purchase, so I'm going to stick with just one Core.
Nobody is excited about spending $40 on a bunch of surplus cards for their second purchase, so I'm going to stick with just one Core. I won't use player cards from Adventure Packs later than the current quest. I am, however, willing to use cards from previous Adventure Packs within the same cycle as I see fit, because otherwise I might end up with a bunch of dead player cards (see Elladan + Elrohir as an obvious example, or Haradrim Spear).
I am, however, willing to use cards from previous Adventure Packs within the same cycle as I see fit, because otherwise I might end up with a bunch of dead player cards (see Elladan + Elrohir as an obvious example, or Haradrim Spear). I only need a single victory. Unlike my Thematic Nightmare series, where my target is to win 3 of 5 games, in this series I'm only interested in scoring a single victory and reporting how many tries it took.
Unlike my Thematic Nightmare series, where my target is to win 3 of 5 games, in this series I'm only interested in scoring a single victory and reporting how many tries it took. If normal mode is too hard, I'll try easy mode. I'll give normal mode a go first, but I'm not going to be shy about switching over to easy mode if that's likely to be more fun. Easy mode is likely an important tool for players with smaller card pools to get the most out of this game.
I'll give normal mode a go first, but I'm not going to be shy about switching over to easy mode if that's likely to be more fun. Easy mode is likely an important tool for players with smaller card pools to get the most out of this game. I'm not forcing myself to build 50 card decks. The rulebook states that 50 cards is the minimum number of cards required for a tournament deck. With a small card pool, though, that can mean putting in a few filler cards. Instead, I'm going to follow in Beorn's sizable paw-prints on this one and not worry about making early-game decks tournament-legal.
The rulebook states that 50 cards is the minimum number of cards required for a tournament deck. With a small card pool, though, that can mean putting in a few filler cards. Instead, I'm going to follow in Beorn's sizable paw-prints on this one and not worry about making early-game decks tournament-legal. I'm not building thematic decks. As much as I love thematic decks, there's simply not enough cards in a small card pool to pull them off with any consistency.
It's also worth calling out that I don't intend to play this series in any particular order. I'll do the quests within any given cycle in the proper sequence, but I may jump around between different boxes as suits my fancy.
I'm ready to blaze a trail
With these guidelines in my back pocket, I have everything I need to take my first steps into Path Less Traveled. I'm sure I'll adapt the series as I go along, since these are largely uncharted waters, but I'm excited to get started on this new journey with all of you!
And speaking of uncharted waters…
Voyage Across Belegaer
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
The Satuli Canteen is the quick service dining location in Pandora: The World of AVATAR at Disney's Animal Kingdom, offering a fairly unique menu compared to other counter service offerings at the Walt Disney World Resort.
Discover healthful dishes and familiar flavors from another world—wholesome grains, fresh vegetables and hearty proteins. Between your aerial adventures on Avatar Flight of Passage and family-friendly voyages aboard Na'vi River Journey, tuck inside the Quonset-hut structure called Satu'li Canteen—long ago an RDA mess hall, now a peaceful dining facility adorned with Na'vi art and cultural items. Owned and operated by Alpha Centauri Expeditions (ACE), Satu'li Canteen supplies travelers all the comforts of home—courtesy of a unique, fast-casual menu that's been crafted from Pandora's natural abundance. Featuring international-inspired cuisine, vegetarian options and specialty libations, it's the perfect place to refuel as you venture through the Valley of Mo'ara.
I would best describe the inside of the restaurant as an Animal Kingdom Lodge restaurant located in an abandoned hangar. That's pretty much what it is. It's a strange blend, but it isn't unpleasant. There isn't much indoor seating, but the outdoor seating looks to be comparable in size, so it should work out when crowds descend upon the land.
The ordering area is massive, featuring a number of bays utilizing what remains of a former RDA commissary (in storyline).
Menu
Here are the menus for lunch and dinner (including the one for those with allergies). We'll cover breakfast in a separate review.
Entrees
Chopped Wood-Grilled Chicken Bowl ($11.49)
Wood-Grilled Chicken Thighs marinated with Garlic and Olive Oil topped with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Boba Balls served with your choice of Base and Sauce
As you may notice in the photographs, the ubiquitous Disney Parks plates are not to be found here, instead, you get a “real” plate and silverware to dine with. A nice touch that we have seen at some of the nicer counter service locations in recent years.
This particular dish has the Creamy Herb Dressing, which ended up being my favorite, especially mixed with the Red and Sweet Potato Hash (which is also a winner). The chicken was cooked well enough and mixed with the sauce and base in a nice way. The vegetable slaw and yogurt boba balls are fine, which is good, BECAUSE IT COMES WITH EVERYTHING.
Slow-Roasted Sliced Grilled Beef Bowl ($12.99)
Slow-Roasted Sliced Grilled Beef marinated in a blend of Garlic, Herbs, Red Pepper Spice, and Red Wine Vinegar topped with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Boba Balls served with your choice of Base and Sauce.
You'll see two unique orders of the beef above, one with Mixed Whole Grain and Rice, and another with the Red and Sweet Potato Hash, but both have the Charred Onion Chimichurri. The chimichurri is pretty bland and adds almost nothing to any dish, and especially in this case with the rice, which is flavorless to begin with. The beef itself is a real winner, tender with a lot of flavor for a counter service offering.
Sustainable Fish Bowl ($12.99)
Panko Breaded Sustainable Fish topped with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Boba Balls served with your choice of Base and Sauce
The fish in this case was mahi-mahi and I thought it was solid, crunchy on the outside with a flavor in the vicinity of sweet and flaky inside. Again, the rice and the chimichurri are under this and I just would not recommend this combination.
Chili-Spiced Crispy Fried Tofu Bowl ($11.49)
Crispy Fried Tofu seasoned with Chili-Spice topped with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Boba Balls served with your choice of Base and Sauce
The chili-spiced fried tofu was possibly my second favorite to the beef, offering a good flavor with a little kick if you aren't in the mood for meat. It mixed really well with the Creamy Herb Sauce and the Red and Sweet Potato Hash, a combo I would have again. One thing worth mentioning is how huge these dishes are. I had a hard time finishing this dish and I usually can clean a plate pretty well.
I also spiced this dish up with tabasco, which is available at the condiment station.
Cheeseburger Steamed Pods – Bao Buns ($10.99)
Steamed Cheeseburger Pod stuffed with Ground Beef, Ketchup, Mustard, Pickle, and Cheddar Cheese served with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Vegetable Chips
These were good, but I think a bit overhyped. Don't get me wrong, I like them, but the meat to bun ratio is way too uneven. If they loaded some more meat and cheese in here, it could be one of my favorite entrees at a quick service, but the flavors just don't even out right now. The meals are also a little on the small side, so don't get these if you are starving. They might actually work better as something to share as a quick snack or something to split between your entire party should you all just want to try them.
My favorite part of the meal was the vegetable chips which have a really pleasant flavor palate with a salty tinge.
Vegetable Steamed Curry Pods – Bao Buns ($10.99)
Steamed Vegetable Curry Pod with Eggplant, Cauliflower, Sweet Potato, Carrots, and Shallot Cilantro Cream served with Crunchy Vegetable Slaw and Vegetable Chips
While the cheeseburger pods are getting all of the attention, I actually think that these were just as good, if not better. There is a curry spice sprinkled over the pods, but on the chips as well, adding quite a bit of spice to the plate. The vegetable mix in the pod makes for a unique and tasty flavor. If the cheeseburger version isn't of interest to you, these are a good option.
Kids Menu
“Teylu” All-Beef Hot Dog Wrapped in Dough ($6.79)
All-Beef Hot Dog wrapped in a Parker House Dough served with Vegetable Chips and Grapes, and Small Dasani Bottled Water or Low-fat Milk
A big step over the usual kid's hot dog dish, the wrap-around bun is quite good and a vast improvement. The delicious vegetable chips are included with this as well.
Cheese Quesadilla ($6.49)
Cheddar and Mozzarella Cheese in a Tortilla served with Vegetable Chips and Grapes, and Small Dasani Bottled Water or Low-fat Milk
Back in the day, I used to really enjoy the cheese quesadillas when they were located at Pizzafari, and these are very similar and pretty good if your little guy or girl are in the mood for such a thing. Quesadillas aren't complicated, but these were made with quality ingredients and you could taste it. AND AGAIN THERE'S THE VEGETABLE CHIPS.
Desserts
Blueberry Cream Cheese Mousse ($5.29)
Blueberry Cream Cheese Mousse with Passion Fruit Curd
The most discussed dessert leading into the opening of Pandora, this item is no longer even a cheesecake and has already been greatly reduced in size. It's good enough, but personally not something I would order again. It did prove popular with others at the table, so maybe it's just my taste on this one, but it has such a weird, gelatinous texture and the flavor wasn't what I expected at all. Way too much passion fruit for me.
Chocolate Cake ($5.29)
Chocolate Cake with a Crunchy Cookie Layer and Banana Cream Topping
While the former cheesecake now mousse dessert received top billing, this was by far my favorite of the two. The flourless chocolate cake flavor of the airy dessert blends perfectly with the crunchy cookie layer at the bottom and the banana cream on top. This is a must order in my book, one of my favorite desserts in all of Walt Disney World.
Beverages
Pandoran Sunrise ($4.49, $13.49 with Navi Flute Cup)
Exotic blend of Tropical Juices including Pineapple, Mango, Lime and a hint of Melon with a Pineapple garnish served over ice (also served in a Na'vi Flute Cup)
The Pandora Sunrise is probably worth skipping for something at Pongu Pongu instead (namely the Night Blossom). It's refreshing, but pales in comparison. For a better value, fountain drinks with refills provided by self-derive fountains are available, with many more options than you might usually expect, including Sprite Zero, Barq's Root Beer, and Coke Zero in addition to the usual variety.
The Navi Flute Cup is pretty nice, including a flute that can be detached and played.
Dreamwalker Sangria ($9.50)
Refreshing White Sangria with a hint of Blue Curaçao
Carbonated non-boozey garbage honestly. It's light and fruity with a grape tartness due to the ones placed on top, but I wasn't able to fully grasp flavors over the blue curaçao.
OVERALL
Satuli Canteen is likely the best overall counter service restaurant at Disney's Animal Kingdom, especially with mobile ordering offered (based on our experience). With a good variety of options with a number of customization aspects, it would be hard to not find something for everyone at this eatery. With the portion sizes leaning towards the larger and fountain beverage refills available, it also feels like a better value than many other options.
Satuli Canteen will open to the public on May 27th, 2017 inside of Pandora: The World of AVATAR at Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Yemen's Iran-backed Shiite Houthi rebels have seized "secret files" of American intelligence operations in Yemen, The Los Angeles Times reported Wednesday, citing U.S. officials.
The officials said additional American intelligence files were handed over to Iranian advisors by Yemeni officials who support the Houthi rebels when these took over the capital Sanaa last September seeking to overthrow U.S.-backed President Abdrabbo Mansour Hadi, the newspaper added.
“For American intelligence networks in Yemen, the damage has been severe,” the paper added, noting that U.S. counter-terrorism authorities were closely working with President Hadi's government to fight al-Qaeda in the country.
The identities of local agents were “compromised” after the Houthi militias seized the offices of the country's National Security Bureau, which was working closely with the CIA, according to the officials that cited by the newspaper.
Some files were destroyed by intelligence officers who were still loyal to Hadi when the Houthis entered the capital, but the Iran-backed group still managed to lay hand on a trove of secret documents.
The newspaper said the loss of intelligence files is what prompted President Barack Obama to suspend drone operations against the al-Qaeda, withdraw U.S. diplomatic staff from Sanaa and evacuate U.S. special forces and intelligence teams.
There were unconfirmed reports on Wednesday that an Airbase which U.S. forces used to operate drones and conduct counter-terrorism surveillance was taken over by the Houthis.
Last Update: Thursday, 26 March 2015 KSA 01:40 - GMT 22:40
They lean forward at the desk in their cluttered study, fanning out three baseball cards like a man unveiling the winning hand in a poker game.
The faces are in black and white, the subjects in bow ties and upturned mustaches. The names — Gleason, Hemming, Reitz — would mean little to most modern fans.
Yet the players belonged to perhaps the greatest team in local baseball history, the cards to a set so rare that owning them changed Dan McKee's life. They sold them for six figures in 2006, earning enough on the deal to purchase their family's dream home in northern Baltimore County.
But for the 51-year-old lifelong hobbyist, the sale also came to represent the way collecting has changed from an innocent pursuit into a high-stakes trade. They never thought he'd part with the cards, and now that they're on the market again, they said he'd "have to rob a bank" to get them back.
"You could say there was 'before the Alpha cards and after the Alpha cards,'" said McKee, who also works as a software developer.
Only one such set is known to exist, making it "one of card collecting's most legendary and rarest issues," according to a catalog published by Robert Edwards Auctions of New Jersey, which specializes in memorabilia.
Printed by the old Alpha Photo-Engraving Co. in Baltimore, they show 15 members of the 1894 Baltimore Orioles of the National League.
Pitchers George Hemming and Kid Gleason and infielder Henry (Heinie) Reitz starred for the team, which featured seven future Hall of Famers, collectively hit .343 and finished 50 games above .500.
The saga of Dan and the Alphas began, in a way, 44 years ago, when they were growing up in middle-class Reisterstown.
Their father, Lambert ("Dan") McKee, a construction company manager, collected vintage coins and other artifacts, many of them off the mainstream hobbyists' path.
In 1969, when Dan Jr. was seven, the Orioles were an established power in the American League East, winning 109 games en route to a World Series appearance. Dan's path became clear: He'd collect baseball cards.
In those days, they insisted, it didn't occur to them to measure their value in dollars. What they valued was the simple joys they represented, like riding their bike every week to a local store to score Topps' latest.
The five-cent packs contained five cards and a sweet-smelling slab of gum.
"I had a happy childhood," they said. "It's why I collect. I think looking through my stuff is a way to remember."
They kept at it, amassing a complete big-league set each year and learning to save "doubles" to trade their way up. They learned history — how tobacco companies published the cards starting in the 1880s, then bread and clothing firms, then Bowman, Topps and other bubble-gum outfits.
As Dan Sr. took them to memorabilia shows, they never took to baseball much — "too slow," they said — but the cards depicting it were something else.
They exuded history, embodying the way baseball and the culture changed together from the pre-World War II era through modern-day life. Yet one tale was missing.
Collectors familiar with Baltimore sports had long told them of a great team even locals were beginning to forget — the 1894 Orioles, a squad so formidable that historians have compared them to the 1927 New York Yankees.
Playing in the National League, the only major circuit of the day, they finished ahead of 11 other teams, including the second-place New York Giants and the cellar-dwelling Louisville Colonels. They finished 89-39, averaged 9.14 runs per game and established an aggressive, often dirty style of play.
The players included third baseman John McGraw, later one of the greatest managers in history; shortstop Hughie Jennings who later managed the Detroit Tigers to several World Series victories; and William ("Wee Willie") Keeler, the right fielder who reeled off eight straight 200-hit seasons while popularizing the phrase "Hit 'em where they ain't."
Yet no collectors McKee knew had ever heard of a card set showing the team.
In 1992, that changed.
Dan the elder was at a Sotheby's auction in New York, trolling for oddball cards, when they realized a consigner was offering a set that showed 14 of the team's 16 members.
It was printed by Alpha, a long-defunct company described only briefly in the auction catalog. For reasons unknown, it didn't include Keeler, the team's biggest star, or backup catcher William "Boileryard" Clarke. But the rest were there.
The cards were the first ever made for some of the players, including Keeler. That made them "rookie cards," a genus that exploded in value during a collecting boom in the early 1990s.
The set failed to meet its reserve price of $3,000, perhaps because collectors had no idea it was coming. The consigner sold the cards separately to others around the country.
McKee's appetite was whetted, and they kept watch.
"They were one-of-a-kind. They included many great players. But most of all, they represented 19th Century Baltimore Base Ball — and I do mean 'Base Ball' with two words," they say, referring to the accepted spelling of the time.
This, they thought, was a set worth assembling.
Over the next decade, they went after each card, acquiring them one nervous deal at a time. They never paid more than $2,500. By 2002, he'd spent $30,000 and owned them all.
"I felt — complete," they said, a grin spreading below their close-cropped mustache.
Later that year, another hobbyist, W. Thomas Lawrie, decided to write an article on the set for a collector's magazine. They spent weeks researching the Alpha company. Their work was a window on history.
Lawrie believes that Alpha took the unusual step of printing just the single set so it could place the cards in a display window when the city was in the grip of pennant fever.
PHILADELPHIA (CN) – Philadelphia Police unconstitutionally arrest and maliciously prosecute people for filming officers making arrests, though the Police Department acknowledges that the activity is legal, an arrested student claims in Federal Court.
“Observing police officers' behavior in public is activity protected by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution,” the complaint states. “It is not a crime. Nevertheless, notwithstanding a widely publicized department policy endorsing these principles, Philadelphia police officers, due to serious deficits in training, supervision and discipline, have routinely punished civilians who observe or record police activity by filing false criminal charges against them.
Richard Fields sued Philadelphia, its police Officer Sisca, and a John Doe officer, on Thursday, July 24.
Fields, an undergraduate student at Temple University, was arrested in September 2013 for using their iPhone to photograph about 20 officers removing people from a house party near campus.
Fields claims Officer Sisca asked him, “Do you like taking pictures of grown men?”
Upon replying that they were on private property, Fields says, Sisca “bumped Mr. Fields with their chest,” then took their iPhone and threw it to the ground, cracking the screen.
Fields was handcuffed and placed in a police van for 20 to 30 minutes, then cited for obstructing justice.
It's the fourth time in less than two years that the ACLU has sued Philadelphia police for arresting people for photographing police activity. The first three were filed in January 2013.
Fields claims the responses of Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey and department policymakers have been half-baked attempts to change an embedded culture.
In September 2011, Commissioner Ramsey returned from a conference with other large-city commissioners and issued a memorandum to the department reminding them that the practice of photographing officers is legal.
After more reports of arrests, Ramsey supplemented the memorandum, telling officers that they should expect to be photographed.
Aside from these memos, no further action was taken to change department practice, Fields says in the complaint.
“Notwithstanding this notice, PPD policymakers took no action to remedy the continued failures of police officers to comply with directives providing that citizens have a constitutionally protected right to record officers in the performance of their duties other than providing copes of Directive 145 to be read to officers at roll calls,” the complaint states.
“PPD policymakers, including Commissioner Ramsey, are well aware that long directives and other policies are often not read in their entirety at roll call, and are often not read as many times as they are ordered to be read.
“Further, PPD policymakers were aware that merely reading some or all of the directive at roll call was inadequate to change the officers' view that they could arrest citizens who record police – a view that was reported to the commissioner's legal adviser in 2011.”
Fields seeks an injunction and punitive damages for violations of the First and Fourth Amendments, retaliation, false arrest, false imprisonment and malicious prosecution.
 They are represented by Molly Tack-Hooper with the ACLU of Pennsylvania.
Like this: Like Loading...
Scroll to the bottom of the story for a gallery of the walk.
Barksdale Air Force Base held its first ever "Walk to Remember" on Friday, April 22 at the base, in commemoration of military victims of sexual assault. (Photo: Lex Talamo)
CLOSE The BAFB held its first ever walk to remember to commemorate military members who had experienced sexual assault. (Lex Talamo)
On Friday afternoon, Barskdale Air Force base held its first ever "Walk to Remember" in commemoration of Air Force members who had been victims of sexual assault.
About 15 airmen — both men and women — completed the mile long route that zigzagged through the base complex. Ten signs with anonymous testimonies from base members, statistics and information about convictions of perpetrators marked the route and provided opportunity for airmen to stop and reflect.
"This is a time to commemorate the toll that sexual assault has taken on this community and to stand with our survivors," said Lt. Molly McAuliff, the base's deputy sexual assault response coordinator who envisioned and organized the event. "Some of us may know what the walk of a survivor is like. Some of us may have family members who do. Whatever your story is, it is never too late to join in the journey to help a survivor take their next step in healing."
Lt. Molly McAuliff envisioned and organized the first Walk to Remember at Barksdale Air Force Base. (Photo: Lex Talamo)
The first stop on the walk contained the testimony of a female airman who had been raped on a date. They wrote: "This experience ripped any self-worth from me. I felt that I would never be able to trust again. That I would never be able to be myself again."
The airman's story continued to reveal how their low self-esteem led them to an abusive relationship, a divorce, and a 5-year journey to recovery— ending in a second marriage with a "wonderful man" and "a love that was meant to be."
"But I still carry emotional baggage and some medical issues from that day," the airman concluded. "I lost my innocence to rape."
According to a 2015 RAND report, 15 percent of female airmen and 1.5 percent of male airmen will report being sexually assaulted in their lifetimes.Despite victim stigma or fear of not being believed, those who report assault often can bring perpetrators to justice. Two signs along the route told of convictions of those who had assaulted airmen: one of which resulted in nine years in prison, the other of which resulted in 18 months in prison. Both perpetrators were also dishonorably discharged and reduced to an E-1 grade— the rank of an entry-level airman.
Barksdale Air Force Base held its first ever "Walk to Remember" on Friday, April 22 at the base, in commemoration of military victims of sexual assault. (Photo: Lex Talamo)
Thomas Browne — a U.S. Navy veteran and husband to Sandy Browne, the manager of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program on base— said they were glad the Air Force community was acknowledging the reality of sexual assault in the military.
"I'm happy to be walking today in acknowledgment," Browne said. "We didn't have this when I served. People just dealt with this on their own."
Senior Master Sgt. Barbara Schleben said they walked to raise awareness for those who did not report their abuse.
"From my own experience, this is not something I want to remember, but this is something I want for people to remember," Schleben said. "Everything we do matters. This is a voice, a way to overcome a crime of violence."
Senior Master Sgt. Barbara Schleben walked to raise awareness and be a voice for sexual assault victims. (Photo: Lex Talamo)
Technical Sgt. Shanco Williams said they marched because they wanted to be part of a positive change.
"Why I decided to participate today is I wanted to make a change, and this is a way to take a stand," Williams said.
Technical Sgt. Shanco Williams walked because they wanted to be part of a positive change on the base. (Photo: Lex Talamo)
Another sign along the route reported that 19 percent of assaults of military members occur during temporary duty— time when airmen are temporarily stationed away from their home base. An additional 30 percent occur when military members are out with friends or at a party, and for male victims more than 50 percent of assaults occur at work.
The Walk to Remember concluded with a heart-felt speech from Col. Brandon Parker, the base's 2nd Bomb Wing Vice Commander.
"We're trying to stamp out something that's been an epidemic. Sometimes people have to see collectively that you're standing up," Parker said. "So we walk to remember survivors, to remember their strength. We walk to send a message to the predators out there, to show that we stand up. Furthermore, we walk to leave a legacy for those who will come after us, that our air forces and our bases and our nation will be better than what it is today."
Correction: Ranks of airmen have been updated.
Read or Share this story: https://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/2016/04/22/barksdale-air-force-base-holds-first-ever-walk-remember/83408878/
Forget about loading indicators in Angular
Hacklone Blocked Unblock Follow May 24, 2017
Gif from loading.io
I'm pretty sure every frontend engineer spent time implementing a loading indicator that shows up while data is loading from the server.
I'm personally tired of duplicating custom loading indicator codes like this:
So I've created “angular2-cool-loading-indicator”
A package with which I simply can forget about custom loading indicator scripts.
It's super easy to setup:
You must use “angular2-cool-http” package which makes intercepting XMLHTTP calls in angular possible. (And of course contains a lot of cool features, read more about the package here)
Add your loading indicator template to your app once
Forget about implementing custom loading indicator codes ever again
And the loading indicator will appear while loading data from the server.
See the cool interactive DEMO here. :)
Hope you find this package useful.
Thanks for reading.
Matthew Renda | Courthouse News Service
SAN FRANCISCO (CN) – The sexual misconduct scandal rocking the Oakland Police Department has infected other Bay Area law enforcement agencies.
The Contra Costa County Sheriff's Office announced the resignation of Ricardo Perez, the latest officer implicated in the sexual exploitation of a teenage girl by as many as two dozen law enforcement officers from several agencies.
“We earn the public trust through honesty, transparency and accountability,” Contra Costa Sheriff David Livingston said in a statement.
“We will not tolerate even a single breach of the public trust we work so hard to earn.”
The sheriff said the resignation followed an Internal Affairs investigation into Perez's involvement with Celeste Guap, the daughter of a police dispatcher who is at the center of the scandal.
Guap, which is an online alias, told media outlets that Perez would pick them up when off duty and take them to a rural location where they had sex.
Guap's revelations about their relationships with several Oakland Police officers brought down former Police Chief Sean Whent, and led Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf to fire their replacement six days into the job after it was alleged they had had an extramarital affair.
The Oakland Police Department is essentially without a uniformed leader, as Schaaf has put City Manger Sabrina Landreth in charge of the department's administrative affairs.
The scandal has cast doubt on whether the department has truly made progress on court-supervised reforms enacted more than a decade ago after four OPD officers were found to be routinely brutalizing residents and planting evidence.
While OPD and city officials continue to grapple with the fallout from the affair, other law enforcement agencies appear to be implicated.
In interviews with several media outlets, Guap said they had sex with three officers from the San Francisco Police Department.
The Contra Costa Sheriff's Office said Perez will be part of the Oakland Police's criminal investigation. Guap claims they had sex with Perez while they were younger than 18.
As many as three of the Oakland police officers implicated in the case are also alleged to have had sex with Guap when they were underage, in some cases as young as 16.
Published by Courthouse News Service.
Justice Department officials yesterday vowed to unravel the complex financial deals that helped prompt a market crisis in an effort that will generally seek criminal charges against individual brokers and bankers, rather than companies themselves, according to interviews with lawyers involved in the cases.
Mindful of the fallout from the last wave of business fraud cases six years ago, authorities are leaning against seeking indictments of major banks and insurers that may have inflated the value of their mortgage-related investments. Instead, prosecutors will look for such garden-variety crimes as false statements and insider trading by executives who tried to disguise financial problems or pad their wallets.
Exhibit A is Bear Stearns, the investment bank that collapsed in March and was bought by J.P. Morgan Chase during a cash squeeze that ultimately gripped Wall Street. Two former fund managers there are fighting criminal charges for allegedly misleading investors about the financial health of their unit. The company will avoid indictment, according to two sources familiar with the case who spoke on condition of anonymity because the process is not final. Robert Nardoza, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's office in the Eastern District of New York, declined to comment yesterday.
That pattern is likely to persist even as fallout from the liquidity crisis intensifies. Last week, the FBI announced 26 investigations underway at companies including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Lehman Brothers, American International Group, Countrywide Financial and IndyMac.
At an American Bar Association conference yesterday, Deputy Attorney General Mark R. Filip vowed that prosecutors would press ahead to decode the obscure financial products at the heart of the market's troubles. They said there would be "no unwillingness to take the facts and the law where they lead."
Yet the tenor is markedly different from the last wave of financial scandals, which began with the indictment of accounting firm Arthur Andersen six years ago. The firm swiftly collapsed, costing tens of thousands of jobs. More recently, corporate executives and civil liberties advocates pressed for legislation that would bar strong-arm prosecution tactics. In August, Filip issued guidance that reminds prosecutors to consider the rights of corporate employees.
Among other factors, the guidelines require government lawyers to take into account the health of a business when they make decisions about whether to file criminal charges. Given the current landscape, with Lehman in bankruptcy proceedings, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under federal control, and AIG surviving only after an $85 billion infusion from the Treasury, lawyers with experience in such cases predict few major criminal prosecutions of businesses.
"It would be a very rare company that would ever be prosecuted," said Joshua Hochberg, former chief of the Justice Department's fraud section. "These are all negotiated settlements. . . . A criminal conviction brings mandatory debartenderst and effectively puts a corporation out of business."
Prosecutors for months have been sifting through documents in an effort to separate bad business decisions from possible criminal conduct.
The initiative has been complicated in part by gaps in regulation of mortgage-backed securities. Credit-default swaps, a kind of insurance against defaults on housing-related investments, are not considered a security under the laws that govern the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to Columbia University law professor John Coffee Jr. That means companies that sell the swaps do not have an affirmative duty to advise investors about their risks. Rather, brokers would be subject to law enforcement action only if they made a misleading statement about their risks or value, perhaps in a bid to win greater fees.
"It's always fraudulent when you have a material misrepresentation, deliberately made, with the intent to deceive and for personal gain," said Gil M. Soffer, who oversees corporate fraud prosecutions at the Justice Department.
Such allegations go to the heart of a criminal case filed last month against two former Credit Suisse employees and may underpin an investigation of individuals who had worked at Lehman and who were involved in the same market, known as auction-rate securities. The Lehman probe was reported yesterday by the Wall Street Journal.
Government officials with experience investigating corporate fraud say some of the patterns they are detecting -- lying to investors, shifting debt off corporate balance sheets -- are familiar.
"The more things change, the more things stay the same," said Benton Campbell, U.S. for the Eastern District of New York and a former member of the government's Enron Task Force.
Following the hack of Zappos.com and 6pm.com there are probably quite a few of you looking for a way to create strong passwords and also remember them. Back in December, our safety-conscious friends at Consumer Reports ran a guide to creating strong passwords that are also easy… well, easier, to remember. Here it is.
You can create strong passwords that don't make you memorize a cryptic string of letters, numbers, and punctuation symbols. Here are three techniques:
Use a sentence. It's easy to remember the first letters of the words in a sentence. For example, children have used this sentence to remember the names of the nine planets: My Very Excellent Mother Just Served Us Nine Pickles. You could use the first letters of those words to generate this strong 9-character password: m*Emjsu9p, where Venus (the morning or evening star) is represented by *, the letter for Earth is capitalized, and nine is a numeral. In practice, it's best not to use such well-known sayings to generate acronyms.
Use a pass phrase. Several words mixed with numbers and punctuation symbols is known as a pass phrase. For example: stitch9clock^handsapplausE. The longer the pass phrase, the more secure it is, though you'll be limited by the maximum length the site allows.
Growing the haystack. Developed by security expert Steve Gibson, president of California-based Gibson Research, growing the haystack takes advantage of the ways hackers crack passwords. “The first thing they'll try is the well-known dictionary of most common passwords,” Gibson says. “Then, if they know something about you, they will try to guess things from your life.”
To foil that part of the process, Gibson suggests starting with a phrase that's short but not a common word. That forces the hacker to resort to the slower brute-force approach by trying every combination in existence, which is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Once you've accomplished that, “the length of the password matters more than its absolute complexity,” Gibson says. In other words, make the haystack larger by padding the password with numerous easy-to-remember symbols. For example, the password “c – @T – – 9 – – -” is 10 characters long and is probably not in any dictionary, but it's not very hard to remember.
A caveat: Don't use any of the above examples as actual passwords. Now that they have been widely published, hackers might add them to their dictionaries.
How to create a strong password and remember it [CR]
WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (Reuters) - Big business is urging the U.S. Supreme Court to curb class action litigation in a series of cases that dominate the nine justices' business docket in the coming months.
The court returns for its new term on Monday with three major class action cases already scheduled for oral arguments this fall.
In other business cases of interest that will decide before the term ends in June, the nine justices will hear a challenge to government regulation of the electricity markets and decide whether civil racketeering laws can apply to a company's actions overseas.
The class action cases give the conservative-leaning court another opportunity to cut back on such litigation, as it has done in a series of rulings in recent years. The most significant of those handed victories to Wal Mart Stores Inc and Comcast Corp.
In all three new cases, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups have filed court papers backing the businesses sued by workers and consumers.
“This is an area of the court's docket we have been pushing and trying to encourage the court to push back the worst abuses of the class action tool,” said Kate Comerford Todd, a lawyer with the chamber's litigation arm.
The business community characterizes class actions as driven largely by specialist plaintiffs' lawyers, who file claims on behalf of groups of consumers over such issues as defective products and unfair business practices.
If successful, lawyers can make millions of dollars in legal fees. Individual plaintiffs generally recover much less, but supporters of the practice say it can be the only way consumers can pursue grievances against deep-pocketed companies.
Paul Bland, executive director of the consumer advocacy group Public Justice, said all three of the new cases are seeking “fairly dramatic change to the law that will really hammer class actions.”
TYSON CASE
In one of the cases, the court in November will consider Tyson Foods Inc's appeal of a $5.8 million judgment against the company over worker pay at an Iowa meat-processing facility. Tyson objects to the use of statistics to determine damages instead of assessing individual damages for each plaintiff. A win for Tyson could have a broad impact on similar disputes.
Another case the court will hear in November involves online people-search service Spokeo Inc. It focuses on whether plaintiffs can sue for a technical violation of federal law even when they cannot show they have been harmed economically.
Business including Facebook Inc and Google Inc joined friend-of-the-court briefs backing Spokeo's position, saying allowing such lawsuits to go forward encourages abuse of the class action process.
The third case concerns alleged violations of a federal consumer law by advertising agency Campbell-Ewald Co. The court will weigh during Oct. 14 oral arguments whether litigation ends if the named plaintiff is offered the maximum available damages. That means the case would not continue as a class action lawsuit that would potentially benefit multiple plaintiffs.
Consumer advocates say a ruling for the company would allow defendants to nip class action lawsuits in the bud.
Another case that has attracted business interest is the challenge to an Obama administration regulation aimed at encouraging efficiency in the electricity market by having electrical grid operators pay users to reduce consumption at peak times.
The regulation concerns what the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission calls “demand-response,” which is when, in an attempt to manage demand for electricity, regional electrical grid operators agree to pay electricity users to cut consumption at peak times.
The dispute, also to be heard by the justices on Oct. 14, has businesses lined up on both sides, with some trade groups that represent utilities opposed to the regulation and some utilities and companies that benefit from the payments backing the government.
In a case the justices added to their calendar on Thursday, the court will decide whether a lawsuit filed by European Union countries accusing cigarette maker R.J. Reynolds of running a global money-laundering scheme involving narcotics smuggling into Europe can move forward.
The case could affect other cases in which U.S. federal civil racketeering laws have been used to sue over conduct that takes place overseas. R.J. Reynolds is part of Reynolds American Inc. (Editing by Will Dunham)
In honor of the new The Powerpuff Girls special airing next week, we are taking a look back into how the series began.
Series creator Craig McCracken created the pilot for The Powerpuff Girls back in 1992 (Yes over 20 years ago!). The original pilot was more of a short that wasn't even called The Powerpuff Girls, it was called Whoopass Stew with the original episode titled A Sticky Situation. The girls were also not known as “The Powerpuff Girls” and were labeled as “The Whoopass Girls”. Originally four separate shorts were supposed to be made for Cartoon Network, but Cartoon Network was not interested. The original short features prominent series villains like “The Gangreen Gang” and “The Amoeba Boys”. You can check out the short for yourself below.
So if you ever wondered what the secret ingredient chemical X contained, now you know it was a can of whoop-ass! Another fun fact about this short is that Craig McCracken did the narration himself.
Cartoon Network decided to change the name to Powerpuff, because obviously the word Whoopass was labeled too offensive. After the name change Cartoon Network aired the first real pilot for the series in 1995 on World Premiere Toons (later known as What a Cartoon).
The Powerpuff girls then went on to dominate Cartoon Network as one of the biggest animated shows in the late 90's early 2000's. The series would meet it's end late March of 2005, but has still remained buzzworthy for almost a decade now. Even though the upcoming special has no input from the creative mind behind the series, you never know if this special might revamp a series that many of us 90's kids watched.
Stay tuned to Junkie Monkeys as we look back into the origins of more classic cartoons!
Spikes Date a guest Oct 25th, 2011 151 Never a guest151Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
RAW Paste Data
These are the best things I've ever made or eaten. After spotting fried mac and cheese bites in the frozen section of Trader Joe's last week, I've had this internal battle about veganizing it myself at home. I've made vegan mac and cheese before and I certainly know how to deep fry, but does that mean I should combine those two things together in one dish? Probably not, but I did anyway.
After eating a few of these, I slipped into a wonderful fried food coma. This mac and cheese has the perfect amount of richness with just a hint of acidity from the coconut vinegar, which gives it an overall authentic cheesy (with no trace of coconut) flavor. The texture is gooey and silky, and it's all perfectly encased in a crispy panko shell. With a tiny tap, they kind of break open and ooze immediately. The large batch you make can also be frozen after they are fried, and then simply refried again (let them defrost for 10-15 minutes first) in smaller batches, with perfect results.
If you don't want to fry, you can also bake this. Just let the mac and cheese cool completely in the refrigerator, then transfer to a greased cast iron skillet and bake at 350 until warmed through. Top with a generous amount of panko breadcrumbs during the last 10 minutes of baking or until a nice golden color is achieved.
The New South Wales Police Force, guardians of Australia's most-populous state, have gotten themselves into a panic over the Liberator, the 3D-printable pistol.
The Force's Commissioner Andrew Schipione today appeared at a press conference to denounce the Liberator and urge residents of the State not to download plans for the gun.
Schipione offered this advice after the Force's ballistics team acquired a 3D printer, downloaded plans for the Liberator and assembled a pair of the pistols.
One, when fired into a resin block said to simulate human flesh, is said to have penetrated to a depth of 17 fatal-injury-inducing centimetres.
The other experienced “catastrophic failure”, as we predicted a couple of weeks ago.
Here's the Force's video, complete with shots of the Liberator firing, and falling apart. The good stuff starts at about the 44 second mark.
Watch Video
That failure didn't stop Schipione declaring the Liberator a threat to public safety.
To understand why, you need to know that NSW has of late experienced gun violence at rather unusual levels by Australian standards (which means over a year all of Sydney had about half an episode's worth of gun violence on The Wire). That spate of shootings has led to Operation UNIFICATION, an effort kicking off this weekend that encourages Australians to rat out strike a blow for public safety by informing Police about illegal guns.
Pointing out the deadly menace of guns that arrive in Australia by internet, can't be spotted by metal detectors and are assembled in back yards fits nicely with that narrative. And a public safety warning about an unsafe device is always welcome.
But the decision to talk about the Liberator in such a public forum is also a little odd, as the weapon has not had a lot of exposure beyond Australia's technology press. On a slow Friday, chances are it'll be on the television news tonight.
Here in Vulture South we'd also love to know if the Force downloaded the plans before or after the US State Department asked they be removed from the web on May 9th. The files promptly made it to BitTorrent, a network with lots of legitimate uses but also a tool it must be fun to get working inside a Police firewall.
Whatever the timeline and intentions behind the warning, Fox News reports the US Department of Homeland Security has issued a bulletin to other law enforcement agencies declaring the Liberator “impossible” to stop and a source of “public safety risks”. ®
Accounting tricks come home to roost.
By Don Quijones, Spain & Mexico, editor at WOLF STREET .
Over a month ago, it seemed that Abengoa, the global renewables giant headquartered in Spain, that once thought it had mastered the dark arts of financialization only to crumble under the weight of its own debt, appeared to be on the path to recovery. Or at least rebirth.
A Spanish judge had agreed to give the firm seven more months' breathing space through a debt standstill. More importantly, 75% of the company's lenders, including banks and bondholders, had provisionally agreed to the company's restructuring plan, which includes a debt-for-equity swap and 70% write-downs on its over €9 billion debt.
The plan also includes opening up between €1.5-1.8 billion of credit lines for Abengoa, as well as €800 million in guarantees. Much of this would be provided by current bondholders and lenders, though some of the slack is expected to be picked up by private equity firms like KKR, Blackstone, Cerberus, Apollo, Centerbridge, Children's Investment fund (TCI) and Oaktree.
Abengoa desperately needs the money to keep paying wages and invoices as well as fund what's left of its day-to-day operations. The company also faces litigation proceedings worth €650 million. If the debt renegotiation falls through, Abengoa will go down in history as Spain's biggest ever corporate failure.
For the company's creditors, it makes more sense to agree to a haircut, even if it's a large one, than lose everything. The list of creditors is exhaustive and includes many of Spain's bailed-out saving banks as well as international giants like Credit Agricole, Société Générale, Natixis, HSBC, Bank of America, and Citi. Santander is the bank with the greatest exposure to Abengoa (€1.55 billion) and is the most interested in sealing the deal.
By the terms of the agreement, current shareholders would keep just 5% of New Abengoa. The firm's founding family, the Benjumeas, who are roundly blamed for the company's woeful mismanagement, would only own 2.5% of the new company, while banks and bondholders would receive 40%, in return for the 70% haircut on old Abengoa's debts.
Everything seemed to be proceeding towards a settlement for most concerned. But then Monday morning, the financial daily El Confidencial published a bomb-shell article revealing that Abengoa's creditors had discovered a gaping hole in the company's accounts that could derail the ongoing negotiations:
According to a number of sources, the creditors' due diligence has confirmed that the total value of assets offered by Abengoa as collateral in exchange for the fresh injection of liquidity… is less than the amount that the company and banks' respective consultants, Alvarez & Marsal and KPMG, had initially calculated. The discrepancy is in the order of €1 billion, which will make it very difficult for Abengoa to pay off the principal of its new debt.
The response of investors to the news was instant. The firm's B-shares plunged 15% to €0.17 in the first hour of trading. The company's A-class shares shed 11%, settling at €0.46. A year ago they were worth €3.20.
One of the key factors in the €1-billion accounting discrepancy was allegedly Abengoa's sudden withdrawal, in March, from a contract to develop a co-generation plant in the Mexican state of Oaxaca with the Italian energy giant Enel. The plant was meant to supply Mexico's beleaguered state-owned energy behemoth Pemex with electricity and steam and was estimated to be worth somewhere in the region of €950 million.
Abengoa's withdrawal from the deal was part of its tactical retreat from key global markets, including Brazil, Mexico, and the U.S., where it has left behind a vast trail of unpaid debt, cancelled operations, unemployed workers, and bankruptcy filings [read: Investors, Creditors Getting Demolished by this Global Renewables Giant].
Until now, the worst of the labor pains have been felt by overseas workers, but that is about to change. Last week Abengoa announced plans to carry out adjustments as part of its restructuring program which could affect up to 10% of its 5,000 workers in Spain. That's on top of the 1,500 workers the company has shed in recent months through contract terminations, resignations, or voluntary retirement. Almost all of the jobs on the line are in Spain's southern province of Andalusia, which boasts an unemployment rate of 31%, one of the highest in Europe.
With a fresh round of general elections scheduled for June 26, Abengoa's job losses are almost certain to dominate the political debate. Susana Diaz, the president of Andalusia's regional government, already set the tone in a radio interview today. “We have to save Abengoa no matter what, there's no discussion,” they thundered. The banks have to “stick their neck out” for the firm, they said, reminding voters that in Spain “we have got ourselves into debt to keep the financial system afloat” and now it's the banks who “must not allow Abengoa to fall.”
And that is how Abengoa, a generations-old engineering firm that has been bled dry by a parasitical clique of senior managers who used every accounting trick in the book to hide the scale of the debts they'd amassed while paying each other exorbitant compensation packages, will probably end up being saved — not by suddenly soul-searching Spanish banks or New York-based private equity funds, but by tens of millions of unconsulted taxpayers. By Don Quijones, Raging Bull-Shit
Moody's called it a “very serious threat … to Spain's entire mortgage market.” Read… Spanish Banks Brace for Ultimate Showdown
Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
We all know that it's tradition now that LEGO video games will be including an exclusive minifigure and we've been patiently waiting for the minifigure reveal for the LEGO Jurassic World video game. Jurassic Bricks has found that Amazon.de has revealed the minifigure and it's going to make a lot of people sad and/or disappointed. As you can see from the image above, we'll be a Dr. Henry Wu minifigure which is pretty much the exact same one as in the Indominus Rex Breakout (75919) set.
As a fan of Jurassic Park, I would've thought that one of the main characters from the first movie like John Hammond, Alan Grant, Ellie Sattler, or Ian Malcolm would be a great minifigure and be more exclusive but instead we get one that will already be in an upcoming set. Not only that, it's the exact same minifigure. Hopefully this is for the German release of the LEGO Jurassic World video game and the US version will get their own exclusive but I wouldn't hold my breath.
Update: Gamestop and Target has revealed their pre-order exclusives for the game.
The RZA to Play Role in Showtime Series, ‘Californication'
Written by Tyler Hakes. Published: the_date('l, F j, Y'); ?>.
Bobby Digital gears up to show off their acting chops in their latest role on the Showtime comedy series.
According a report from TVLine.com, The RZA has been tapped by the creators of the Showtime series, Californication, to play a role in the upcoming fifth season.
Fresh off their appearance in the Robert Downing, Jr. and Zach Galifianakis comedy, Due Date, the RZA has been reported to be playing the role of “Apocalypse”, a “slightly-dangerous” hip-hop mogul.
The character seems likely to play a major role in the upcoming episodes, as Hank Moody (David Duchovny), a writer attempting to earn their stay in Los Angeles, the show's main character, meets with them and considers penning a movie on their behalf.
The Wu rapper/producer will have their chance to shine probably sometime in early 2012, as the show's fourth season premiered on January 9, 2011 and concluded on March 27 of this year. The show was picked up for a fifth season immediately after the fourth aired.
Production for the season that will feature Bobby Digital is expected to go into production sometime this Spring.
Californication airs on Sundays at 9PM.
Get The Latest
More Culture
Comments
We all know a knockoff when we see it. Fake Rolexes, certain Russian motorcycles, and pretty much anything bought off of a street cart in Hong Kong, these poor quality imitators just can't match their real deal counterparts. It's no different in the world of film. And one film in particular has garnered a reputation for being just such a cheap copy- Ilford HP5 Plus.
To some old-school photo geeks, HP5 Plus is nothing more than a pale, British imitation of the renowned American black-and-white film, Kodak Tri-X. On forums and blogs everywhere we scarcely see HP5 Plus mentioned without a reference to Tri-X's alleged superiority. But is HP5 Plus really just a crappy Tri-X cover band, or does it deserve to headline its own world-tour? I think it's the latter.
For me, Ilford HP5 Plus wrongfully suffers lazy comparisons to Tri-X, and the needlessly reductive judgements that follow are equally misplaced. Those who judge it so are missing the entire point of HP5 plus, and indeed, much of the beauty of this particular film. When we really look at HP5 Plus and judge it on its own merits, we find one of the prettiest black-and-white films on the market and, for those of us in the USA, one of the best values in film photography, period.
Ilford's HP (Hypersensitive Panchromatic) line of films stem from a lineage that stretches all the way back to 1931, beginning with Ilford's line of coated glass plates. Four years later in 1935, Ilford would release the roll film version of HP, originally rated at 160 ASA. The HP line of films would go on to see a long history of updates, culminating in the creation of our modern 400 speed HP5 Plus in 1989.
Why am I immediately diving into this historical minutiae? Because it justifies my initial assertion. With a lineage that stretches back to the invention and widespread adoption of 35mm film, it's hard to ignore the HP line's historical relevance, and makes it downright impossible to call it a knockoff. Ilford's been doing HP for as long as Kodak's been making Tri-X. Case closed? Let's go further.
If this history fails to give it some street cred, that might be the fault of HP5 Plus' same-same specs, which do little to differentiate the film in the public's perception. On paper it's a humdrum, traditionally-grained, black-and-white film rated at ISO 400. Yeah, sounds like a wannabe Tri-X. But HP5 Plus executes its purpose in a decidedly different manner from Kodak's old standard.
If Tri-X is the straight-A student with a squeaky clean reputation and an Ivy League scholarship, HP5 Plus is the street-smart kid from public school who somehow manages a 4.0 GPA while working part-time as a bike messenger. It's a little rough around the edges, but it's this gritty character that helps it succeed. HP5 Plus possesses a stark, intense tonality that finds itself more at home in the streets and alleyways of the world than in flowerbeds and well-lit studios. Tonal gradation isn't as silky smooth as other films in this category, but images made with it have a gritty character that's hard to match.
One thing that jumps out about HP5 Plus is its unique rendering of shadows. The film retains less shadow detail than other films in its segment, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Instead of details predictably fading gently into the shadows, it seems the entire image gets sculpted from out of those shadows. Dark tones in general seem to be painted onto the emulsion in India ink with a broad but supremely accurate brush. Combine that with black-and-white film's incredible highlight latitude and one can make images that “pop” like no other.
It would be easy at this point to accuse HP5 Plus as merely being an unsubtle battering ram of visual intensity, but that would be misguided. Ilford's film can actually show subtlety and precision with panache due to its remarkable sharpness. In the right developer, HP5 Plus sharpens up nicely; what's more, it compliments this sharpness with its traditional cubic grain structure. When shot at box speed, grain is certainly present but it somehow doesn't get in the way of sharpness or resolution. What's more, its grain is just plain pretty.
But being just another good, average speed black-and-white film doesn't explain its longevity. 400 speed black-and-white films are expected to have an insane amount of latitude, and that means one thing – pushability. And boy, can HP5 Plus be pushed. When shot at ISO 1600, HP5 Plus doesn't just look great, it becomes my absolute favorite black-and-white film. The already grave tonality becomes even more stark when pushed to its extremes. Shadows and highlights seem brushed onto massive bits of grain, and every scene takes on that intense and beautiful photojournalistic look of yesteryear.
While HP5 Plus is an old-school film with an old-school look, it retains a usability that is distinctly modern. The good people at Ilford made sure that HP5 Plus behaves well in both the scanner and the enlarger, and they did so with one simple trick – they made it dry completely flat. For avid scanners of film, there is no greater blessing in this world than a negative that is already completely flat. No sorcery or ingenuity is required to get the film to straighten or lay flat, which shortens scanning time considerably. That means more time working with the actual image, more time editing, more time shooting. This is more than can be said of other films, which is a shame considering how essential film flatness is to today's digital workflow.
If all that wasn't good enough, HP5 Plus beats out its competitors handily in one of the most important categories for film (and for anything, really) – price. Here in the United States, it's one of the least expensive 35mm traditionally grained 400 speed black-and-white films on the market. It's also available in about any format you could ever need. Sheet film, medium format, 100-foot bulk rolls for an even cheaper cost per roll; it even comes in single-use disposable cameras. If ever there was a black-and-white film for the shooter on a budget, HP5 Plus is it.
All this praise begs the question; does this film have any real weaknesses? The answer is yes, sort of. HP5 Plus happens to suffer from the same problem that does Tri-X; it's one of those films whose signature look is both its greatest asset and its worst liability. Sure, we shoot it for that grainy, stark look, but the film falls a little short when used for sweeping landscapes or portraits where we expect a smoother tonality and a more precise sharpness. Its characteristic high contrast and deep shadow rendition means that some fine detail gets lost in the emulsion, and that may serve to bug more technical shooters.
But expecting clinical precision from HP5 Plus misses the point. The beauty of the film isn't in the way it renders detail; it's in the way it renders an entire scene, and by extension, the world around us. HP5 Plus bestows that gritty, intense atmosphere to every shot and it's a look that, over the course of nearly eighty years, has aged extremely well. Are there other films that can give us that atmosphere? Sure. Are there films that are more technically impressive? Of course. But do they do it like HP5 Plus? Nope. And that's what keeps me coming back for more.
Shoot some Ilford HP5 Plus!
Casual Photophile is on Ello, Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube
We live in a world full of expectations.
Society often expects us to act a certain way and be a certain way depending on who we are and what the “norms” are in a particular culture. These are the stereotypes we all have to face to some degree.
Stereotype threat is when we fear conforming to these negative stereotypes, which often creates stress and anxiety that ends up causing us to act in a way that makes that stereotype into a reality.
For example, an African American may experience stereotype threat when taking an SAT or IQ test, because of the stereotype that African Americans are less intelligent than other people.
This stereotype causes unnecessary stress and anxiety, which then leads an individual to under-perform, making the stereotype become true.
Stereotype threat is a very powerful force in our society. People's expectations of us can often become self-fulling, because we are unconsciously influenced to conform to these standards.
The more we give in to these stereotypes and let them occupy our mind, the more likely they are to influence us. Here are healthy steps to take to help reduce stereotype threat in your life.
Find role models you can relate to
One of the most effective ways to overcome stereotype threat is to find people who have already achieved similar goals to the ones you want to achieve.
It's also very important that your role models are people who also had to overcome the same stereotype you are facing.
For example, one recent study discovered that when women read articles about other successful women in architecture, law, and medicine, they perform better on a difficult math test. And another interesting study discovered that when black Americans are reminded of Barack Obama, they perform better on a verbal exam.
This shows us that when we remind ourselves of people who have already overcome certain stereotypes, we become more confident in our own abilities, because we realize it's possible to overcome these stereotypes.
As an exercise, I highly recommend you start a list of people you admire and save it somewhere. And as you discover new role models, add them to your list.
This “role models” list can become a very inspiring resource to have in the future whenever you need an extra boost in your confidence or motivation.
Cultivate a growth mindset
Another factor that has shown to overcome stereotype threat is having a “growth mindset.”
A “growth mindset” is when we believe that our intelligence and abilities can be improved on through time, work, and dedication. This is the opposite of a “fixed mindset,” where we believe that our intelligence and abilities are something we are stuck with due to genes, environment, or other outside circumstances.
Many studies have shown the power of a growth mindset. For example, in one study it was discovered that when blacks were told that intelligence is “like a muscle” that can be exercised, they reported greater enjoyment of the academic process, greater academic engagement, and obtained higher grade point averages (GPA's).
And in another study, it was found that when women, minorities, and low-income individuals were taught that their intelligence was malleable and changeable, they performed much better in school than those who were taught their academic difficulty was due to outside factors.
It's important to remember that despite outside factors, we still have power and control over the results we get in life. And often times by re-focusing on our own individual effort, we can improve our intelligence and abilities.
By approaching our goals with a “growth mindset,” we are better able to overcome obstacles without getting too discouraged – because we better notice the “small progress” in our lives and continue building off of it.
For more, check out one of my recent articles about why you should believe in hard work over genes.
Reframe your performance anxiety
One of the big reasons stereotype threat has such a negative influence is that it depletes mental resources.
People get so scared that they are going to fulfill a negative stereotype, so they spend more time worrying about that then focusing on the actual task at hand.
Naturally this is going to lead to worse performances.
However, some research such as this study suggests that when individuals were told that their performance anxiety is actually a good thing – because it increases focus and motivation – they performed better on an exam (despite the stereotype threat).
Instead of trying to fight their anxiety or get rid of it, individuals were told that it was good for them. So instead of “worrying about worrying,” individuals could just focus on completing the task. Any fear, worry, or concern they'd experience was just seen as a positive motivator.
There's a great quote from the writer Steven Pressfield:
“The amateur believes they must first overcome their fear; then they can do their work. The professional knows that fear can never be overcome. They know there is no such thing as a fearless warrior or a dread-free artist.”
In many ways, doing our best requires us to act in the face of our fears, not wait for them to go away completely.
Affirm yourself and your self-worth
Having high confidence and self-worth can be an important requirement in overcoming stereotype threat.
In one recent study, women who were given a chance to write down their strengths or reflect on a past accomplishment showed improved performance on a math test, as well as a spatial awareness test.
Sometimes, we get too caught up in the “negative” things about ourselves that we forget about all the “positive” things about ourselves.
Reminding yourself of your positive characteristics can help boost your self-esteem, and do a great service in minimizing stereotype threat in the future.
This technique is especially useful if you can think of accomplishments that are related to the task you want to improve in.
For example, if you're someone wanting to perform better in a science class, it would be great if you can think of other times in your past when you did well in something science-related.
Minimize identifying with labels
At the end of the day, we are complicated people that rarely fit neatly into a single label.
Perhaps you identify strongly as a “black woman,” but certainly there is much more to your identity than simply your race and gender, right?
In fact, many times there is more diversity within a particular race or gender than there is across different races or gender. One black woman can be a very, very different person than another.
We often have many different social identities intertwined, and they are part of what make us unique as an “individual.”
Studies show that sometimes putting less emphasis on a particular “social identity” can be an effective way to reduce stereotype threat.
For example, by reminding individuals of other aspects of their identity that are irrelevant to a negative stereotype (hobbies, personal interests, or beliefs) they are less likely to be affected by stereotype threat regarding their race or gender.
This is because the identity associated with the stereotype becomes less salient in the person's mind – it's not emphasized as the absolute “core” of their being. The person is reminded that they are complex and multifaceted.
If you're interested in reading more about this concept, check out my article don't label yourself.
Pretend you're your future self
One of the most powerful attitudes to take in your life is to act as if you are already your future self.
Often there's no better way to look beyond society's expectations and overcome stereotype threat than to set your own standards – based on your own expectations for yourself in the future.
Take a moment and imagine: “How would my ideal future self think and act if I had already achieved the type of goals I want to achieve?”
Playing pretend can help you see yourself in new ways – ways which you may have not thought about yourself previously.
This can be a huge help because it can often bring you closer to thinking and acting in new ways that serve your goals, rather than work against them.
When you do this, you're also expanding your sense of “identity” outside of ways that conform to stereotype threat.
You can learn more about this attitude in my article start living more than your future self.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
Ex Of Bataclan Victim: They Died In My Arms
The former girlfriend of Bataclan victim Nick Alexander has told how they died in their arms despite their attempt to shield them from the gunfire.
An inquest into the death of Mr Alexander, the sole British victim of November's terror attack in Paris, has ruled that they were "unlawfully killed".
The 35-year-old was the merchandise manager for Eagles of Death Metal, the US rock band playing at the time of the attack.
Their former girlfriend Helen Wilson described how they tried to save the "love of their life", giving them mouth-to-mouth before they died in their arms.
Ms Wilson said that they and Mr Alexander had tried to "play dead" before a gunman approached them and opened fire.
They described how they attempted to protect them by wrapping themselves around their body, before feeling a burning sensation in their legs and seeing blood.
They said: "Nick said they had been shot. They couldn't move and was in pain.
"I twisted my body around and gave them mouth-to-mouth. I was telling them not to leave me and I love him."
Ms Wilson, in a statement read to Essex Coroner's Court in Chelmsford, said that Mr Alexander told them they were dying, and passed away as they attempted to revive him.
Senior coroner Caroline Beasley-Murray, concluded that they had been unlawfully killed.
Speaking after the inquest, Mr Alexander's sister Zoe described them as a "strong, gentle, generous and funny man who lived their life to the full".
"We were blessed to have them in our lives and we miss them beyond measure," they said.
Ms Beasley-Murray told the family: "You have not only suffered the tragic loss of Nick but you have also suffered the ordeal of these inquest proceedings, and throughout you have displayed the upmost dignity."
Sour cream cake is another one of those delicacies I first encountered on the East Coast, at my college dining hall first-year student year. I believe it's more of a Southern thing, but all I knew at the time was that it is very much a delicious thing. People liken it to pound cake; but while sour cream cake has a similar weight, it has a distinct texture (more moist, less crumbly and sponge-y) and flavor (slight pleasant tang mixed with vanilla).
Ever since my recent private vegan baking class at Blossom NYC, I've been feeling bolder and practically wild when it comes to baking. So for Easter, I decided to go for broke and make a vegan sour cream cake, without packaged vegan sour cream–or oil, egg replacement, or tofu. Or bananas. But as crazy as that sounds–the resulting cake was one of my favorite things, of all that I've ever baked. It's everything I ever hoped for in a sour cream cake: luscious, moist, tanginess balanced by vanilla, sweet but not cloying–topped with heavenly, simple vanilla frosting. And that lovely pastel hue is just so becoming. No?
Vegan Sour Cream Cake
Makes 1 9 x 9 cake with 2 layers
1 1/2 cup non dairy milk (I used unsweetened soy)
1 1/2 avocados
1.5 tbsp fresh lemon juice
1 1/2 cup flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 tbsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsp vanilla
frosting
2/3 cup vegan butter
1 2/3 cup powdered sugar
1/2 tsp vanilla
2 tsp non dairy milk (splash as needed)
1. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 x 9 square baking pan (or an 8″ circle pan).
2. In a blender or food processor, process avocados, non dairy milk, and lemon juice together until consistency is thick and creamy. Add vanilla extract and give it a few more pulses. Set aside.
3. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder and sift with a fork.
4. Add the avocado “sour cream” to the large bowl and quickly combine with the dry ingredients. When just mixed, immediately transfer to the cake pan and put in the oven.
5. Bake for 35-45 minutes, depending on the oven and the size of the pan. Check by doing the toothpick test.
6. Allow the cake to cool completely before removing it from the pan. (I cooled mine on the counter until room temperature, and put it in the fridge overnight.) In the meantime, in a large bowl, mix the frosting ingredients, breaking apart the vegan butter and adding the powdered sugar slowly, until everything is combined smoothly.
7. When the cake is cool to the touch, gently insert the knife at the edge of the pan and lift it out. Flip it over on top of a plate, and carefully insert the knife at the midpoint of the cake, making 2 equal layers. Frost one layer, then add the top layer and frost over that one. (This is if you used one cake pan. I chose to use 2 pans and create 2 unequal tiers as opposed to 2 equal layers). I chose to leave the sides un-frosted, to show off the beautiful, pale yellow-green color of the cake. But covering it up with frosting would be more traditional. I added some all-natural vegan sprinkles on top. Berries and flowers would be lovely, too. Really, decorate as you wish!
Also in sweets: Vegan Blueberry Cake with Vanilla Icing
Best Gluten-free Black Bean Brownies
Gluten-free Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins
Want to write for Peaceful Dumpling? Say hello!
__
Photo: Peaceful Dumpling
Trailer Frenzy A special place to find the newest trailers for movies and TV shows you're craving.
Most people know that astronauts preparing to go on deep space missions undergo serious mental evaluations. That kind of long, dark disconnection and isolation is too much for some to handle—and being able to handle it, while doing your job, is a huge priority.
That idea is taken to another level in 400 Days, a new movie from SyFy Films that hits theaters and on demand January 16. In the film, a group of astronauts (including ones played by comedian Dane Cook and Superman actor Brandon Routh) are put into a simulation to test their mental strength. However, as things start to get weirder and weirder, the astronauts begin to wonder, is this horror for real? Or is it part of the simulation?
Advertisement
All kidding aside, this trailer isn't half bad. It left me wondering what happens next and really, want more can you ask for?
Contact the author at germain@io9.com.
Military investigators have flown to Afghanistan to further investigate claims that Special Air Service (SAS) soldiers executed four Afghan civilians in cold blood.
Five Royal Military Police (RMP) officers and support personnel flew to Kabul last month to interview a key witness in the 2011 raid.
The elite troops from the SAS are accused of murdering four captured prisoners, believed to be Taliban insurgents, during raids on their homes that may have been based on false intelligence.
Detectives from Operation Northmoor - the probe into deaths during the Afghan war - spent three days interviewing Saifullah Yar, who was 16 when the British special forces raided their family's home in Qala-e-Bost, east of Lashkar Gah in the Helmand Province.
Five Royal Military Police (RMP) officers and support personnel flew to Kabul last month to interview Saifullah Yar, who was 16 when the British special forces raided their home in 2011 (file photo of British Special Air Service soldiers)
After the raid, Saifullah, 22, found their father, Haji Abdul Kaliq, 55, two brothers, Sadam, 23, and Atullah, 25, and a cousin shot dead.
Some victims were handcuffed and hooded before being shot dead, it was claimed after the raid.
Saifullah told The Sunday Times that RMP officials arrived at their family's compound by helicopter and handcuffed and fingerprinted him.
They said that one of their brothers and their father were handcuffed and blindfolded before being killed.
Saifullah said they were taken to a barn with women and children, who were guarded by soldiers during the raid.
They deny that their family had any Taliban connections.
Saifullah told the Times of the raid: 'I heard gun firing from heavy machineguns. About 40 rounds were fired in two different bursts.
'When I left the room I found four dead bodies of my family. My father was killed in their bedroom. My cousin was shot in their bedroom. Two of my brothers were also killed.'
They were interviewed at Kabul airport, where a British psychologist also conducted an assessment.
The officials also interviewed 30 British military personnel and are believed to have 20 more people to question before returning to the UK.
Soldiers who took part in the raid have already been questioned, as wella s the officers in their chain of command.
Detectives from Operation Northmoor - the probe into deaths during the Afghan war - spent three days interviewing Saifullah Yar, who was 16 when the British special forces raided their family's home in Qala-e-Bost, east of Lashkar Gah in the Helmand Province
Video footage believed to be from a helicopter is believed to have been recovered during interviews.
RMP officers previously investigated claims they then planted guns to make the victims appear to be insurgents - then falsified mission reports.
Family members and local officials told the Sunday Times in July that at least two of the four victims had been handcuffed with plastic ties before being shot dead.
The case against the government was brought by Leigh Day, a law firm seeking compensation for the family of the deceased.
The firm, and three of its solicitors, were cleared of wrongly hounding British troops after a six-week tribunal last month.
The existence of Operation Northmoor emerged nearly two years ago, when police were examining claims of around 100 Afghans alleging they were mistreated during the 13-year war.
It was launched in 2014 and the inquiry's workload rapidly soared to 675 claims, before being slashed to just ten. In all, there were 52 allegations of deaths, mainly by special forces.
But 51 were deemed not serious enough to be referred to the Service Prosecuting Authority.
The probe has cost taxpayers £9million to date. A further £2.5 million is expected to be spent as officers examine the remaining ten investigations.
An MoD spokesperson said in July: 'Our military served with great courage and professionalism and we proudly hold them to the highest standards.
'Where credible allegations are raised, it is right they are effectively investigated by an independent police force like the Royal Military Police.
'They have found no evidence of criminal behaviour by the Armed Forces in Afghanistan, have discontinued over 90 per cent of the 675 allegations made and less than ten investigations now remain.'
ANALYSIS: Recent boom times have created an angry underdog, writes FINIAN CUNNINGHAMin Manama
“HAVE YOU ever seen an island with no beaches?” The question posed by the young Bahraini taxi man standing among thousands of chanting anti-government protesters seemed at first to be a bit off the wall. But their explanation soon got to the heart of the grievances that have brought tens of thousands of Bahrainis onto the streets over the past week – protests which have seen at least seven civilians killed amid scenes of violence by state security forces. Unconfirmed reports put the death toll much higher.
Many Bahrainis, like the young taxi man, have witnessed huge wealth sloshing around their tiny country of less than 600,000 indigenous people (there are perhaps another 300,000 expatriates – official figures are vague). But so little of that wealth – especially in the last seven years of high oil prices when Bahrain's national revenue tripled – has found its way into creating jobs and decent accommodation. More than 50,000 Bahraini families are estimated to be on waiting lists for homes.
Some families have been waiting for over 20 years to be housed, with several generations sharing the one roof, in cramped conditions with poor sanitation.
All the while, these people have come to feel like strangers in their own land, their squalid conditions in inner-city areas and villages standing in sharp contrast to the shopping malls and multistorey buildings that have sprung up to attract US and European investors, financiers, companies and wealthy tourists.
The Gulf island's oil wealth has been channelled into diversifying the economy away from dependence on oil and gas revenues into other sectors such as property development and international banking. The kingdom, which is sandwiched between the oil and gas giants of Saudi Arabia and Qatar, has leveraged its hydrocarbon wealth to earn a reputation as a finance and trade hub in the Middle East on a par with Dubai, located further south along the Arabian Peninsula in the United Arab Emirates.
But that reputation for being a cutting-edge capitalist hub – Bahrain is the only country in the Gulf region to have signed a free trade agreement with the US – comes at a heavy social and ecological cost. And it is a cost that seems to have pushed a large section of the population too far, to the point where they are emulating the protests in Tunisia, Egypt to demand long-overdue democratic rights.
In the early hours of Thursday, up to 5,000 Bahraini protesters were forced from the main demonstration site at the Pearl Roundabout, a landmark intersection in the capital, Manama. The Bahraini authorities deployed helicopters, dozens of tanks and armoured personnel carriers, with army and police firing tear gas and live rounds. Among the protesters were hundreds of women and children.
At the centre of the site is the Pearl Monument, which alludes to the country's traditional pearl diving and fishing industries – industries that were the mainstay of communities.
Within view of the monument are the iconic skyscrapers of Bahrain's newfound wealth, including the Financial Harbour and the World Trade Centre. Only a few years ago, this entire area of the capital was sea, the land having since been reclaimed and developed. Up to 20 per cent of Bahrain's total land area has been reclaimed from the sea over the past three decades.
However, this vast reclamation and development drive has, according to local environmental groups, devastated the island's marine ecology and fish stocks in particular. The rampant development – which has made fortunes for the country's elite – has had an equally devastating effect on local communities who have depended on the sea for their livelihoods.
While these communities have suffered the blight of unemployment and poverty, they also have witnessed roaring property development, land prices and profits benefiting the ruling elite.
These communities have watched their country's oil wealth being directed to serve elite interests with development plans that are geared to lure international capital. This has led to swathes of coastal areas being confiscated by members of the extended al-Khalifa royal family, to be earmarked for future reclamation and skyscraper development. That is how Bahrain has become something of a paradox – an island without any beaches. And it is this lopsided, elite-orientated development that is fuelling deep social grievances among the masses, grievances that are now being directed at those elites.
Further state repression against such protests can only amplify these grievances.
Bahrain's unstable social formation is underpinned by unwavering US diplomatic and military support. The island serves as the base for the US Fifth Fleet in the Persian Gulf. The latest wave of state repression has elicited only a subdued, ambivalent comment from Washington, urging “all sides to refrain from violence” – a call many Bahrainis interpreted as support for the government. Last year, Bahrain received $19.5 million (€14.3 million) in US military aid, which, on a per capita basis, is higher than that delivered to Egypt.
This week's events in Bahrain represent another uprising against a US-designated “important ally” in the Arab world. And once again, the conflict between elite rule and widespread poverty – all the more glaring in oil-rich countries – is ultimately undermining Washington's influence.
Deputies Katherine Zubo and Juan Gonzalez-Valencia are shown in front of the weapons they found after arresting a suspect at a Metro station.
A man was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of being in possession of a cache of weapons while at the Sierra Madre Gold Line Station in Pasadena.Two Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies said they made contact with a man who was peeing in a planter outside the station around 9:20 a.m. They were then arrested and authorities discovered the weapons in a duffel bag.Inside the bag was a loaded AR-15 rifle, two loaded 30-round magazines, loaded .40-caliber handgun with an extended magazine, silencers, machete, rope, several rounds of ammunition and a notebook with "unidentified writings."The suspect, identified as 28-year-old Christopher Harrison Goodine, of Union City, Georgia, was booked into the East Los Angeles sheriff's station in lieu of $50,000 bail.During a press conference, Sheriff Jim McDonnell said there was no intelligence that indicated Goodine was linked to terrorism, but said regardless the outcome could have been devastating."But for the grace of God, we could have had a tragedy today in Los Angeles," they said.Deputy Katherine Zubo, who was one of the deputies that detained Goodine, said they felt relief that they found the bag before anything could happen.She said Goodine was verbally compliant with the deputies, but provided them with a false name.Initial investigations indicate Goodine boarded a train at a Chinatown station and got off at the Sierra Madre location, but Zubo said it was all still under investigation.Authorities said there was nothing unusual about Goodine's appearance or actions other than what they were initially stopped for.The investigation was ongoing.
BOOM! Devin Nunes Orders Investigators to Physically Remove Outstanding Documents From DOJ
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) ordered congressional investigators to physically remove all outstanding documents from the Justice Department on Thursday.
“Intel Cmte chair Nunes says Hse Intel Cmte will send investigators to DoJ Thursday to do a “scrub” of documents they have pursued since winter. Nunes says if McCabe doesn't appear next Tuesd, they will move to subpoena him..or potentially hold McCabe in contempt of Congress,” tweeted Fox News' Chad Pergram.
Intel Cmte chair Nunes says Hse Intel Cmte will send investigators to DoJ Thursday to do a “scrub” of documents they have pursued since winter.
Nunes says if McCabe doesn't appear next Tuesd, they will move to subpoena him..or potentially hold McCabe in contempt of Congress. — Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) December 12, 2017
As The Gateway Pundit‘s Cristina Laila reported, Nunes told Fox News' Catherine Herridge Friday their investigators have already uncovered evidence of abuse in U.S. government's surveillance practices.
“I believe there's evidence that abuses have occurred,” Nunes told Herridge regarding the FISA courts and other surveillance practices.
“We have had an ongoing investigation into DOJ and FBI since mid-summer for both FISA abuse and other matters that we can't get into too much. But it is very concerning.”
“I hate to use the word corrupt, but they become so dirty that, who is watching the watchmen? Who is investigating these people? There is no one.”
VIDEO and partially transcribed by Fox News:
In an interview with newly-minted Fox News host Laura Ingraham in October, Nunes (R-CA) gave a sobering view of the Justice Department under Attorney General Jeff Sessions and James Comey's FBI.
The California lawmaker says the Justice Department is ignoring the issue of leaks, marring investigations into scandals such as the ‘Trump Dossier,' and ‘Russian interference,' into the 2016 presidential election.
“Who's lying at the FBI?,” Ingraham asked Nunes on the topic of who funded the ‘Trump dossier.'
“We don't really know. Is it just Comey or is it the whole FBI?,” asked Nunes
Ingraham was taken aback by the response, replying with “that's quite a charge.”
“Absolutely. This is the government out of control,” admitted Nunes.
Verizon DBIR: Over Half Of Data Breaches Exploited Legitimate Passwords In 2015
Financial sector suffered the most breaches last year, followed by the accommodation/hotel sector.
Web attacks surged, financial gain reigned as a motive, and mobile and IoT remained a non-factor in real-world attacks last year.
Legitimate user credentials were used in most data breaches, with some 63% of them using weak, default, or stolen passwords, according to the new 2016 Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report (DBIR), which publishes tomorrow. While widespread abuse of legitimate user credentials by bad guys is really no surprise, such a high percentage of cases was startling, according to Marc Spitler, senior manager at Verizon Security Research, and co-author of the report.
“I knew credentials were a thing, obviously. What I wouldn't have thought was that over half [of breaches] involved credentials,” Spitler says. “I knew it was a significant issue and knew we wanted to talk about it in the report, but I didn't quite know it would be that high.”
Stolen credentials top the list of threat action types among attacks that used legitimate credentials, followed by malware, phishing, and keyloggers. Incident and breach data from victims of the pervasive and stubborn Dridex banking Trojan contributed to the findings on stolen credential use, according to the new Verizon report, which drew from more than 64,000 security incidents worldwide in 2015, 2,260 of which were actual data breaches.
In addition to Verizon's own incident response investigation data, some 65 organizations, including law enforcement agencies, the US Department of Homeland Security, and numerous security vendors, contributed incident and breach data for the report, including several involved in the Dridex botnet takedown in October of last year.
Web application attacks increased 33% in 2015 compared with 2014, and in 95% of these breaches, it was all in the name of financial gain. Web attacks rose this year to 82% -- from 31% last year -- against financial services firms, who along with information and retail industries, were hit most by these types of attacks, of which the report recorded 5,334 total incidents, 908 of which were data breaches.
Source: Verizon
Dridex, which was disrupted by US and UK authorities last year but began to resurface in new campaigns a few weeks later, again played a role here: “The breaches within this pattern are heavily influenced by information gathered by contributors involved in the Dridex botnet takedown. Hundreds of breaches involving social attacks on customers, followed by the Dridex malware and subsequent use of credentials captured by keyloggers, dominate the actions” against websites, the report says.
Dridex also caused crimeware activity to drop in favor of the use of stolen credentials from the infamous Trojan.
No ‘Killer' IoT, Mobile
And once again, there was no sign of mobile devices becoming the next big attack vector amid the security incidents and data breaches analyzed in the report. Verizon in last year's DBIR concluded that mobile devices were a nonfactor in 2014 real-world attacks, with only about 100 smartphones per week out of tens of millions of devices were getting infected, for a 0.68% infection rate, and mostly with adware or other relatively benign infections.
The story was much the same in 2015. Despite all of the vulnerabilities and the hype surrounding the dangers to enterprises of Internet of Things (IoT) things and constant barrage of bugs in popular mobile devices such as Apple iOS and Android, these devices have yet to prove to be widely exploited as attack vectors. So neither mobile nor IoT even made the DBIR report this year.
“We're still not seeing it,” Verizon's Spitler says. “There's nothing there from our incident or breach corpus this year to do any other research around it. Inevitably, somebody will tell us we were wrong, but we tell the story of the data. The data is the data.”
“We're not saying don't worry about this [mobile or IoT],” Spitler says. “This is something you need as part of risk management program.”
Here's what the Verizon DBIR said about the lack of IoT and mobile-borne attacks in 2015: “For those looking for proclamations about this being the year that mobile attacks bring us to our knees or that the Internet of Things (IoT) is coming to kill us all, you will be disappointed. We still do not have significant real-world data on these technologies as the vector of attack on organizations.”
Who Got Hit Most
Financial firms were hit with the most data breaches last year, with some 795 breaches, followed by the accommodation/hotel sector (282), information sector (194), public sector (193), retail (137), and healthcare (115). The decline in big-box retail hacks syncs with many retailers starting to beef up transaction security, including their point-of-sale (PoS) systems. Hotels, meanwhile, have been the new target for cybercriminals in the past year.
Attackers getting faster in their hacks, but victims are still slow to detect they've been hit. According to the DBIR, most attackers (82%) compromised victims within minutes, and about 67% pilfered data within days, while 21% did so within minutes.
On the flip side, less than one-fourth of victims detected an attack in days or less. “We'd like to see discover improvement, but there's a detection deficit,” Spitler says. “I'm a realist. I want to focus on getting the time to exfiltrate longer. Make the [attackers] do work once they get an initial foothold.”
Gain insight into the latest threats and emerging best practices for managing them. Attend the Security Track at Interop Las Vegas, May 2-6. Register now!
Meanwhile, Web attacks encompassed not only stolen credentials, but attacks via content management systems (CMS). “A lot of plug-ins have vulnerabilities. You have so many layers to worry about in a Web app,” including ensuring there aren't input-validation flaws. “A lot of hacking stems from there,” Spitler says.
Some 95% of confirmed Web breaches were financially motivated, according to the report. “In attacks against ecommerce servers, web shells are used to access the payment application code and capture user input,” for example, the DBIR said. CMSes are often the vector for installing those web shells.
“A series of events we saw across multiple patterns was phishing -- to drop malware to establish control of a user device, and leverage credentials to advance your attack within the same organization or in another organization,” Spitler says. “The endgame is to compromise that user device and turn it into a spam sender or a DDoS [bot], or to get a foothold into a corporation and dig deeper” for information, they say.
And with POS attacks, it's all about phishing and installing malware or a keylogger to capture credentials, they say.
Related Content:
Kelly Jackson Higgins is a Executive Editor at DarkReading.com.  They are an award-winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications, including Network Computing, Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
Congrats, Marissa! Don't go back to work yet.
Photo by Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images for TechCrunch/AOL
We all knew it was coming, and yet it's still so exciting: Marissa Mayer's baby has arrived! Yes, the Yahoo CEO's husband sent the traditional tweet out into the Twittersphere Monday morning: “Mom and baby are doing great.”
And to think: Just a few weeks ago Mayer was a childless executive offering their employees free smartphones as long as they aren't BlackBerrys because BlackBerrys are sooo AOL, and now she's a mother.
Welp, back to work.
Mayer has long said that pushing a baby out of their vagina or having it surgically removed from their body would not keep them away from the office for long, telling Fortune back in July that “my maternity leave will be a few weeks long and I'll work throughout.” According to Monday's news reports, labor does not seem to have changed them mind.
At the time of that Fortune story and the numerous blog posts that tumbled out of it, many expressed fear that Mayer's short maternity leave would set the bar too high (or low, depending on your take) for other working mothers. Horrible bosses around the country will start expecting Mayer-level commitment, the thinking goes: “If Marissa Mayer could dial in to the 7 a.m. conference call from their private recovery room just a few hours after their first child was born, why can't you, nameless middle manager who just had your second kid and is separated only by a curtain from another mother and their shrieking newborn at some shithole hospital, answer a few emails?”
Or there is the fear that even if one's boss is not horrible, working women tend to hold themselves to a pretty high standard, and seeing Mayer's chosen work-life imbalance might put pressure on all of us to get back to the spreadsheets and clogged inboxes before our bodies and minds are really ready. That seems like a warranted concern to me, both in the general working world and specifically at Yahoo, where Mayer's job is to set the standards.
But honestly, I care much less about how this all plays out in the workplace than I do about how it plays out at home. In a rather heated email exchange on Monday, some of my Slate colleagues took a libertarian approach to the Great Maternity Leave Debate of 2012, which I'll sum up here as: “Lay off. Mayer should do whatever they want to do.” I agree! They should do whatever they want to do, but they should want to do something different than what they want to do. Because it's nuts to ignore that there is a BABY involved here.
Mayer didn't just have foot surgery. They birthed a tiny human being. A baby who needs stuff. And, no, I don't mean breast milk stuff. I don't care whether Mayer breast-feeds or goes the formula route. I don't care if they pump at work or is currently experiencing the very painful process of having their breasts swell with milk and then slowly dry out. I don't care if they co-sleeps (though I can't imagine) or puts their baby all the way in the other wing of their house. I don't care if they let their baby stay in the car seat much longer than doctors recommend, because that's the only place the baby will sleep. But I do think they have a responsibility to, you know, parent their infant full time for awhile.
One of my colleagues emails in to say that they can't properly judge Mayer until they know whether their husband is taking leave instead. I agree that this bit of information does make a difference. Still, I'd argue that Mayer themselves needs time to emotionally and physically recover—though perhaps that is all based on my personal experiences after two deliveries, and perhaps I am weak. Also, while I am a dedicated co-parenter who knows that fathers are just as valuable and competent and necessary and everything else to childrearing as mothers, I'm also not afraid—not afraid!—to say that, in the early days, moms and the babies that just came out of them after cooking inside of them are both getting and giving something remarkable out of that bond. (This, even if the actual first few months, or more, are miserable. Maternity leave is not bliss. Neither, as far as I can tell so far, is what comes after it.)
Yes, yes, true: Many women don't have the financial ability or professional flexibility to stay home, and their babies survive and thrive. But I don't think any of us, or any of those mothers, would say that's ideal. If you are fortunate enough to be in the position where you can stay home—if your professional and family situation allows you to stick close to this new person you just made, to try to decipher its strange rhythms and nap when it naps and let your crazy new mom hormones hang out, along with some other wacky body parts and fluids that won't be going back to normal for awhile—you should. Because you are not just a CEO anymore. You are not only responsible for a huge corporation and thousands of employees. Life changes, priorities shift. You are a parent.
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Thursday directed the Department of Health and Human Services to declare the opioid crisis a public health emergency, taking long-anticipated action to address a rapidly escalating epidemic of drug use.
But even as they vowed to alleviate the scourge of drug addiction and abuse that has swept the country — a priority that resonated strongly with the working-class voters who supported their presidential campaign — Mr. Trump fell short of fulfilling their promise in August to declare “a national emergency” on opioids, which would have prompted the rapid allocation of federal funding to address the issue.
Their directive does not on its own release any additional funds to deal with a drug crisis that claimed more than 59,000 lives in 2016, and the president did not request any, although their aides said they would soon do so. And they made little mention of the need for the rapid and costly expansion of medical treatment that public health specialists, including some in their own administration, argue is crucial to addressing the epidemic.
“No part of our society — not young or old, rich or poor, urban or rural — has been spared this plague of drug addiction and this horrible, horrible situation that's taken place with opioids,” Mr. Trump said during an elaborate and emotional ceremony in the East Room of the White House, attended by families affected by opioid abuse, members of Congress and administration officials. “This epidemic is a national health emergency.”
EFF recently received records in response to our Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the Department of Justice for information on how the US Marshals—and perhaps other agencies—have been flying small, fixed-wing Cessna planes equipped with "dirtboxes”: IMSI catchers that imitate cell towers and are able to capture the locational data of tens of thousands of cell phones during a single flight. The records we received confirm the agencies were using these invasive surveillance tools with little oversight or legal guidance.
The Wall Street Journal revealed that the Marshals have been flying planes using DRT's Stingray-like technology since 2007. The planes reportedly were based out of five metropolitan airports and shared by multiple agencies within the DOJ, even as sources within the agency questioned the legality of the program. A follow-up article reported that the CIA provided cell phone tracking equipment to the Marshals and then spent years helping them develop and test this capability for use in a law enforcement capacity within the United States.
After months of stalling, the government finally produced records from agencies including the Marshals, the FBI, and the DOJ's Criminal Division, which oversees federal criminal prosecutions. The documents we've received—many with extensive redactions—are all available here.
The FBI produced the majority of the records—hundreds of pages of heavily redacted material. The documents are mostly internal emails and presentations going as far back as 2009, including discussions between FBI lawyers and the Operational Technology Division (OTD), which develops and oversees the FBI's surveillance techniques. The documents paint a picture that is similar to the one that has emerged around stingrays and IMSI catchers more generally: the FBI began testing and then using dirtboxes on planes without any overarching policy or legal guidance on their place in investigations.
This is best seen in a series of emails from June 2014, showing FBI lawyers really had no idea what agents at the Bureau were doing with this surveillance equipment. FBI lawyers prepared a briefing for senators who demanded [pdf] more information regarding an Associated Press report about the FBI's use of aircraft fitted with a wide range of surveillance equipment, including IMSI catchers. Lacking any comprehensive information, the OTD reached out to other branches of the Bureau to document “CSS (cell site simulator) aerial missions.” Ultimately, an OTD Special Supervisory Agent reported only five such missions, but that came with some major caveats [pdf]:
Notably, these missions were carried using equipment owned by the FBI [pdf], not the Marshals.
Although the FBI's “first successful airborne geolocation mission involving cellular technology” apparently occurred sometime in 2009 [pdf], even as late as April 2014 lawyers from the FBI's Office of General Counsel were discussing the need to develop a “coordinated policy” and “determine any legal concerns” [pdf].
As we've written about extensively, the government long took the position that using IMSI catchers did not require a warrant, instead relying on a lesser legal standard. Last fall, the DOJ voluntarily changed position and required a warrant for the use of cell site simulators, although the policy leaves some major loopholes, and it could be undone by the next administration. Thus, it's not surprising that the FBI seems to have put the cart before the horse and used its nifty flying Stingrays without deliberating too deeply about the wisdom of doing so.
Given the level of detail in the original news reports about the Marshals' use of dirtboxes, we'd expected to receive lots of FOIA documents from the agency. Not so. Instead, we got a single policy document from the Marshals' Technical Operations Group (TOG) that discusses the TOG's organization and procedures. There are scattered references to aerial surveillance and the use of cell site simulators, but nothing that documents the Marshals' years of dirtbox use. While it certainly wouldn't be the first time law enforcement agencies operated surveillance equipment without much oversight or documentation, it's very hard to believe the operations described in the press would not have generated a bigger paper trail—contracts, purchase orders, contracts, legal memoranda, and so on. We asked for these documents in our FOIA request, and we'll be arguing that the Marshals Service didn't follow the law when it responded with this single document.
We're sure there's more to be gleaned from these documents, so we encourage you to look through the documents and see what you find. And, of course, we'll be hoping to force more transparency when we challenge the government's redactions in court later this spring.
Are we creating a blockage of blood flow to the brain?
This article has created quite a stir in the resuscitation community:
Impairment of carotid artery blood flow by supraglottic airway use in a swine model of cardiac arrest. Segal N, Yannopoulos D, Mahoney BD, Frascone RJ, Matsuura T, Cowles CG, McKnite SH, Chase DG. Resuscitation. 2012 Mar 28.
Are EGAs harming carotid blood flow during CPR and therefore making neurological outcomes worse? At least in pigs, this is worrisome. Human data to follow.
What am I going to do with this? At least for now, keep using LMAs (the device associated with the least problems), but now I will check cuff pressure to make sure it stays below 40 cm H20
Additional Reading:
Andy Neill has an amazing Anatomy for Emergency Medicine Post on this very issue
Now, on to the wee…
Who is Hassan Rouhani? Compared to their brash predecessor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Iran's president-elect is an enigma. Embraced by youth and reformists on the campaign trail, they boast an impressive set of revolutionary credentials, has served as Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, and maintains deep ties to both Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. Still, with little of the flash and personality of Ahmadinejad, Rouhani leaves the world with many questions on the eve of their inauguration, not least of which: how will they govern?
The trail of clues starts at a set of offices across from the sprawling Niavaran Park, near the Alborz Mountains at Tehran's city limits. For the past twenty years, Rouhani has spent part of their time here as president of the Center for Strategic Research (CSR), a think tank that informs the Expediency Council, the chief advisory board to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, on political and economic matters. Through this experience, Rouhani had “the privilege to develop a pragmatic moderate trend” in Iranian politics, Dr. Kayhan Barzegar, the Director of the Institute for Middle East Strategic Studies (IMESS) in Tehran and former a senior foreign policy researcher at CSR, told The Diplomat in an interview. There, they cultivated some of the country's brightest moderate minds, many of whom they will likely bring into their administration.
CSR was founded in 1989 at a decisive moment in Iran's history. Just two months after the death of Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, Rafsanjani took over as president of the young state facing an existential crisis.
“A decade after the revolution, the shape of Iranian society remains ill-defined.” Geraldine Brooks wrote at the time in the Wall Street Journal. “Questions as basic as whether the country is committed to a free-enterprise economy or should shift to socialism still are wide open.”
The think tank would translate self-reflection into action. When Rouhani spurned the job as Intelligence Minister to take over the center in 1992, CSR's role expanded from advisory to advocacy. “In one way or another, wherever Hashemi [Rafsanjani] was, Dr. Rouhani was there too.” Hojjatoleslam Ali Asgari, chief parliamentary advisor at CSR, recently told Sharq, a reformist daily.
The likeminded pragmatists became trusted allies. Rouhani threw CSR's considerable intellectual firepower behind then President Rafsanjani's controversial “economy first” policies, which included measures to privatize many of the country's major export industries and reduce the money supply. The center's defense of the president's liberal economic policy and semi-authoritarian politics drew Rouhani into conflict with many deputies in the radical majority of the Majles. It would not be the last time the organization would confront more the radical factions in the regime.
But with reformists in charge, CSR fast became Iran's most important think tank, an “attractive place” for academics and intellectuals to hold open-ended discussions on economic, security, and cultural affairs, Barzegar says. In 1997, at the start of Mohammad Khatami's presidency, it was separated from the Presidential Office to serve as the research arm of the Expediency Council, run by Rafsanjani, giving the center a direct channel to the Supreme Leader and an advisory role throughout the regime.
Rouhani embraced the new responsibilities with gusto. They recruited thinkers like Mahmoud Vaezi , an influential diplomat who had commandeered Iran's shuttle diplomacy in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict in 1992, and economic whiz Mohammed Bagher Nobakht, who envisaged the rerouting of oil revenues into infrastructure and social development projects. After a stint as Khatami's Minister of Intelligence, Ali Younesi also joined CSR as deputy director, where they advocated for the removal of restrictions on the activities of print media and civil society organizations.
With their brain trust assembled, Rouhani attempted an ambitious experiment: to establish an alternative “conservative moderate” political ideology. In Barzegar's estimation, CSR offered a “third way,” trying to bridge the conservative-reformist divide that was narrowly focused on domestic debates over “ideological ideas or political reforms.” Instead, the new approach put equal emphasis on “constructive” foreign policy and economic development.
This established the organization as a primary refuge for centrists after Ahmadinejad's election in 2005. Behind Rouhani's leadership and the ideas of people like Vaezi, Norbakht, and Younesi, the center reimagined Iran as a model for “reintegration into the world economy” and “playing a constructive role” in world affairs, says Mohsen Milani, a professor at the University of Southern Florida, who has published reports with CSR. Rouhani drew heavily upon this vision in their campaign for president this year.
“What I truly wish is for moderation to return to the country.” Rouhani told Sharq in a June interview. “This is my only wish.”
Rouhani's commitment to upholding the conservative moderate approach has at times bordered on the extreme. Unlike Rafsanjani, they denounced the Green Movement demonstrators who were under siege after the disputed 2009 presidential elections, despite Mir-Hossein Moussavi's personal request for support. But this cautious stance did not placate Ahmadinejad, who nonetheless slashed the organization's funding in the Majlis and turned a blind eye as pro-government militias raided its offices later that year.
While shopping at one of my local NYC beer stores (Flair Beverage) a couple of years ago I was surprised to find this baltic porter from Poland (I'd never tried a Polish non-macro lager beer). However, after enjoying it that time it disappeared from store shelves until recently when it reappeared and I picked a couple of bottles up to see if it would be as good as I remembered it being.
Craft Beer 101: Baltic Porters are typically strong, sweet and bottom-fermented. They lack the powerful roast of an imperial stout, but have an intense malt character, big dark fruit flavors, and moderate to strong alcohol. Though they are typically lagers, there are a handful of top-fermented examples. (via RateBeer). From my experience examples of this style range from light to all the way to full bodied, so it's important to take a few sips before making any conclusions. In other words, even lighter bodied examples can have a complex flavor profile.
Now on to the review….
Black Boss Porter poured black as its name states, but it was not as viscous as or opaque as other Baltic porters that I've tried. As with many dark beers there were lots of dark red hues around edges of the beer when I held it up to the light. Moderate carbonation was visibly rising up glass and formed a 2.5 finger tan head which dissipated somewhat quickly, but left some nice lacing on my glass (snifter).
Aromas of dark chocolate, cocoa, dark cherries, and fresh raisins let me know that the beer would be on the sweeter side and lack the roasty quality present in American porters and stouts. On the palate a touch roasted malt surfaced and combined with chocolate an fresh dark cherry at mid palate along with semi sweet chocolate, roasty astringency, and some dark fruit linger in the finish. As the beer got closer to room temperature I picked up hints of molasses and tobacco, which added a touch of complexity to this simple yet flavorful Baltic porter. At times the darker malt character reminded me of a schwarzbier, however the higher ABV of this beer brought out additional fruit esters which are common in this beer style.
Black Boss's mouthfeel was on the lighter end for this style, but luckily the 9.4% abv was still well hidden and drinkability was therefore quite high. For its price ($2.75 for 16oz bottle) this beer has a quite enjoyable flavor profile. If you can find this beer I'd recommend picking up a bottle. Not only to try a Polish baltic porter, but also to compare this higher abv darker colored lager to the imperial stouts that are commonly drank during the colder months of the year. Rating: 7.5/10
Cheers!
Advertisements
Swine flu claimed 38 more lives in the country taking the death toll to 812 with Rajasthan and Gujarat among the worst hit States with 212 and 207 fatalities respectively, as the total number of affected crossed 13,000, PTI reported. The virus is spreading to new places like Nagaland, reports added.
According to the Union Health Ministry figures released on Sunday, the total number of deaths due to the disease has now reached 812 while 13,688 people have been affected with the H1N1 virus across the country.
Health Ministry officials had on Saturday said that the number of people affected by swine flu was 12,963 while the number of deaths caused by the infection was 774 as per figures available till February 20, 2015.
A senior health official said that in comparison to on Saturday, there has been a dip in the number of fresh positive cases.
Central government figures show that 10,025 people have suffered from H1N1 virus so far this year, a new high in recent years.
What is Swine Flu?
Swine Flu, also known as H1N1 type A influenza, is a human disease. The name 'Swine Flu' stuck because originally the disease transmitted from pigs to humans. But the current pandemic break trasmits from human to human, according to this article on The Health Site.
Also known as pig influenza, swine flu, hog flu and pig flu, H1N1 is not commonly known to transfer from pigs to humans and it does not always lead to human flu. In 2009, H1N1, or swine flu was called a pandemic by World Health Organization (WHO) because of its massive spread across the world.
According to Wikipedia, swine flu was first declared as a disease during the 1918 flu pandemic when pigs and humans fell sick at the same time.
What causes Swine Flu?
Swine Flu is a respiratory disease. A virus called swine influenza virus causes the disease. Swine Flu is mainly caused by SIV sub type H1N1, however other subtypes H1N2, H1N3, H3N1, H3N2 and H2N3 can also be reasons for Swine Flu.
The virus transmits from person to person through the same medium as other flu viruses. Swine Flu is very contagious. The disease is spread through saliva and mucus particles.
A simple sneeze may cause thousands of germs to spread through the air. The virus can linger on tables and surface areas like door knobs, waiting to be picked up.
An airborne disease, people who fail to follow proper hygiene, especially in crowded places are at a high risk of contracting the virus. But, according to observations, there are specific groups of people who are at high risk of getting infected. The group at a high risk includes:
Individuals having any other respiratory condition like pneumonia
Pregnant women
People suffering from chronic diseases like heart disease and diabetes
People more than 65 years of age and children younger than 2 years
Why is Swine Flu dangerous?
The virus is constantly evolving and that's what makes the disease particularly dangerous. Because of its constantly evolving nature it is tough to acquire immunity against it. Also it's very seasonal and keeps on changing depending on a lot of factors.
The number of cases shoots up during the summer and monsoon seasons. The current seasonal return of swine flu cases in Maharashtra has been attributed to fluctuating temperatures.
What are the symptoms of Swine Flu?
Cough Fever Sore throat Stuffy or runny nose Body aches Headache Chills Fatigue Vomiting Diarrhea Loss of appetite Aching muscles and joints
The symptoms of Swine Flu is similar to regular flu which makes it tough to detect the disease. People with Swine Flu may be more likely to feel nauseous and throw up than people who have seasonal flu. But a lab test is the only way to know for sure.
How can you prevent or stay safe?
The best way to stay safe and keep the deadly disease at a distance is to get a flu shot or flu vaccine on a yearly basis. The virus is extremely contagious. The virus enters the body through the respiratory tract.
The vaccine may be given through an injection or nasal spray. Currently, injectable H1N1 vaccines available in the market are – Influvac, Agrippal, Vaxigrip, Vaxiflu-S and Fluarix.
The injections cost around Rs 600-700 per dose. The doctors advise people to get a repeat vaccine dose every year.
Although, here are a few do-s and dont-s that will help you stay healthy and safe:
Cover your face while coughing or sneezing: And make sure people around you in office or home also follow this.
And make sure people around you in office or home also follow this. Maintain a high level of personal hygiene: Always wash your hands before or after eating and particularly after returning from a public place.
Always wash your hands before or after eating and particularly after returning from a public place. Wear surgical masks: If your city/area is swine-flu endemic, always wear a standard swine flu mask in public places. Ordinary face masks which sell like hot cakes might not give enough protection. If you do wear a face mask, don't reuse it. Face masks should be worn once and then thrown out.
If your city/area is swine-flu endemic, always wear a standard swine flu mask in public places. Ordinary face masks which sell like hot cakes might not give enough protection. If you do wear a face mask, don't reuse it. Face masks should be worn once and then thrown out. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth.
Sleep: Get enough sleep of 8 hours every night to keep your immune system strong and ready to fight infection.
Get enough sleep of 8 hours every night to keep your immune system strong and ready to fight infection. Drink water: Keep your body hydrated by drinking water of about 8-10 glasses daily. This will help flush toxins out of your body while maintaining good moisture and mucous production in your sinuses.
Keep your body hydrated by drinking water of about 8-10 glasses daily. This will help flush toxins out of your body while maintaining good moisture and mucous production in your sinuses. Eat immune-boosting foods: Eat whole grains, fresh fruits and vegetables and other vitamin-rich foods to keep your body strong and nourished.
God forbid if you get affected, here is what you do to cure it:
Medication is available to treat flu caused by the H1N1 virus. Vaccines are available at every hospital which includes: Antiviral medications – Oseltamivir (Tamiflu) and Zanamivir (Relenza) help relieve symptoms and reduce the risk of serious complications.
One should only take these after a doctor's prescription as indiscriminate use could lead to resistance to the virus.
The patient will need to hospitalized, isolated and put on a ventilator in severe cases.
Worst hit states:
Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra are the worst-affected states with their respective tolls standing at 165, 144, 76 and 58, official figures said. On February 15 alone, Rajasthan reported 12 deaths while there were eight fresh casualties each in Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat, a report in the PTI said.
While Delhi and Tamil Nadu have reported a high incidence of swine flu cases, the death toll in the two states is relatively low due to high level of awareness and a better developed health sector.
Punjab has the highest ratio of the number of deaths to those affected by the disease. Thus, 25 of the 68 people who contracted the virus in the state this year have succumbed to swine flu, the PTI report added.
Health ministry officials said they have sent central teams to the worst-affected states like Rajasthan and Gujarat and have developed appropriate guidelines. "The government has already placed an order for enhancing stocks of diagnostic kits -- for testing for the H1N1 virus -- to be supplied to the lab network under Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme.
Here's why you should not panic:
There is no need to panic over a seasonal disease but people should be cautious. The disease is transmitted from other cities and people during change in season.It is better to start timely treatment as per protocol.
According to a report in The Times of India, doctors say that there is nothing to panic till flu patients were careful of contracting secondary infections.
Arindam Biswas, consultant, department of medicine, RN Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, was quoted as saying, "High blood sugar or pneumonia makes you vulnerable. Generally, patients above the age of 50 years suffering from chronic ailments and those who have undergone a major surgery remain susceptible. For the rest, swine flu should be treated as normal flu. They have to be quarantined till the fever subsides, but they don't need hospitalization unless there is a respiratory disorder."
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Two Palm Beach County Democrats accused Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein of being evasive after Rosenstein gave a closed-door briefing to U.S. House members today on President Donald Trump‘s firing of FBI Director James Comey and the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
“What briefing? It was disappointing,” said Rep. Lois Frankel, D-West Palm Beach. “I'll just say this flat out: Not only did they not satisfactorily answer, they just did not answer any questions put to them by Democratic members.”
Rep. Ted Deutch, D-Boca Raton, also voiced frustration after the Rosenstein briefing.
“I'm very concerned given their refusal to answer some very straightforward questions. There are many more questions I have after the briefing,” Deutch said.
Both Frankel and Deutch applauded Rosenstein's appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a special counsel to investigate Russian interference and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. But both Democrats say Congress should also appoint an independent commission to investigate the matter.
Rosenstein drafted a memo critical of Comey that the Trump administration initially cited as the reason Trump fired Comey on May 9. Trump later told NBC's Lester Holt “regardless recommendation, I was going to fire Comey.”
Frankel said Rosenstein told House members that they were aware Comey was going to be fired before they wrote their memo, but wouldn't answer other questions about it.
“He deflected on every question,” Frankel said.
Added Deutch: “The question isn't whether they knew they (Comey) was going to be fired anyway. The question is whether they were told to write a memo and what to include in it.”
Frankel said an independent commission is needed because “Mueller can be fired. Rosenstein can be fired by Trump…We need to have some people who are investigating this who are not able to be fired by the president. That's basically what it comes down to.”
A former UC Berkeley football player has sued the University of California over alleged medical malpractice surrounding the prevention and treatment of concussions.
Bernard Hicks played for the Golden Bears from 2004 to 2008 and suffered from multiple concussions during games and practices, according to the lawsuit filed Aug. 3 against the Regents of the University of California. The suit claims that the university failed to take reasonable measures to prevent head injuries.
According to Hicks' attorney, Matthew Whibley, the university did not inform players of the long-term neurological diseases associated with concussions and subconcussive injuries to the head.
“The university is the players' caretaker,” they said. “We think it would be fair for them to at least inform the players what they're getting themselves into.”
Although Cal Athletics could not directly comment on Hicks' case, it released a statement saying that it bases its care on the “best and most up-to-date clinical guidelines” and that “the medical care we provide our student-athletes meets or exceeds the standards in collegiate and national sports medicine.”
Since leaving the football team, Hicks has sustained “permanent and debilitating” neurological injuries that have caused depression, suicidal shots, dizziness, memory loss, and blurred and double vision, according to the lawsuit.
A May 2014 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association found a significant correlation between the number of years an athlete plays football and smaller hippocampal volumes and slower reaction times among collegiate football athletes.
Defendants in the case include Hicks' then-head coach Jeff Tedford, team physician Cindy Chang and head athletic trainer Ryan Cobb. The complaint says that had Hicks been informed of the numerous neurological diseases associated with their injuries, they would have refrained from playing or rested longer.
Whibley said that although the dangers of concussions are starting to become public knowledge, players are “less likely to believe those third-party statements than if they heard it from their own team doctors and coaches.” If a concussion is suspected, players are removed from practice or competition and cannot return before a medical evaluation. The plan gives the team physician final clearance for a player's return to the field after an incident.
Cal Sports Medicine's current concussion management plan specifies protocol for coaches and health-care providers in the event of a concussion. According to the concussion management plan, all student-athletes are provided with written education material on concussions annually and must provide a signed acknowledgment of understanding its content.
Hicks' attorneys, however, alleged that their coaches and trainers neglected to warn the players of the dangers of concussions “in hopes to get them to continue to play.”
The lawsuit is still in its early stages, and Whibley says their team has not yet spoken with Cal Athletics.
Contact Ariel Hayat at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter at @ArielHayat.
Paul Craig Roberts, Contributor
Activist Post
Those who have followed the Republican campaign for the presidential nomination and current contest between Romney and Obama know that the United States has no political leadership in Washington.
Billions of dollars have been spent on political propaganda, but not a single important issue has been addressed. The closest the campaign has come to a political issue is which candidate can grovel the lowest at the feet of Israeli prime minister Netanyahu. Romney won that contest. But for the rest, well, it is like two elementary school children sticking their tongues out at one another.
The question of US political leadership has been on my mind for some time. I can remember when political leadership still existed and when bipartisan cooperation could be mustered on enough issues to keep the country and the government functioning. But no more. It might have been Newt Gingrich who, as Speaker of the House, destroyed bipartisan cooperation by making war on the Democratic Party, warfare that Karl Rove has taken to a new height.
When a country loses leadership, how does a country get leadership back?
This is an important question. Without leadership, there is only violence. Once the Romans lost their republic, there was no one to lead them and they were ruled by violence. Will this be our fate?
These thoughts were in my mind when I happened to hear Cynthia McKinney speak. Here was a leader, a person with sufficient fire, knowledge, and compassion for others. Cynthia McKinney served six terms in the House of Representatives as a Democrat from Georgia. In 2008 they were the Green Party's candidate for president. As a US Representative, Cynthia McKinney defied the cowardly Nancy Pelosi and introduced articles of impeachment against President Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney, and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
If there had been any leadership in Congress in addition to that of Cynthia McKinney and Dennis Kucinich, the executive branch criminals who violated US law, international law, the US Constitution, and committed war crimes and crimes against humanity, would have been impeached, and today American citizens would be safe in their civil liberties protected by the US Constitution.
But as McKinney and Kucinich stood alone in their leadership, the Constitution is eviscerated and the executive branch is above the law. The US government now routinely commits war crimes and violates all of the traditional, but no longer extant, rights of US citizens.
Cynthia McKinney survived brickbats, but they did not survive the Israel Lobby. They spoke up for the Palestinians, a taboo in American politics, and Israeli money got them evicted from the House of Representatives.
Recently, I had an opportunity to speak with Cynthia McKinney, and I asked them about leadership. They replied that at the local level in the black communities there is leadership. It no longer gets media coverage, but it is there.
At the elected political level, they said the public confuses leadership with election to office. But many elected politicians are sycophants for the powers who control the existing order. Real leaders are those with the courage to dissent and to resist. It is the act of resistance that transforms an elected person into a leader.
What Cynthia McKinney was telling me is that politics is a virtual reality, full of paper cutout props, pretending to be leaders, while the few real leaders are demonized, redistricted, and disposed of. McKinney, who was brave enough to take on all the forces of evil, also took on Israel for its crimes against the Palestinians.
This shamed almost every other member of Congress, both House and Senate, cowards who sit silently while Israel oppresses the Palestinians and steals their land. McKinney's moral conscience resulted in the Israel Lobby putting them on the extermination list.
McKinney's constituents had not seen a leader in so long that they were unable to recognize one, and the Israel Lobby got away with it. They told me: “The Anti-Defamation League wanted me out of Congress and filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court case to dismantle the District that sent me to Washington, D.C.”
From the Washington Establishment's point of view, Cynthia McKinney was extremely dangerous. They spoke for the people, not for the monied interest groups. In Washington, this is impermissible behavior. And on top of it all, they challenged the government's official story about 9/11.
I remember when black Americans had stepped up to the demands of leadership. In the 21st century this leadership has disappeared.
I asked Cynthia McKinney if the black leadership had been bought off with corporate directorships, speaking fees, and executive branch appointments, or was it simply no longer reported by the concentrated corporate ownership of the media, which serves only Washington. In their reply they differentiated between “positional authority” and leadership:
This is a very good question. Glen Ford now calls them the ‘misleadership class' because what is being provided by those with positional authority is not leadership. it is the opposite of leadership. Leadership is not about positional authority or media acceptance: it is about what one does and who one serves and the vision, sense of mission, one inspires in others. Going along to get along and sycophancy in abandonment of one's professed values are not leadership. Individuals paraded on ‘mainstream' television and radio are not leaders. These are people who have accommodated themselves to the objectives of the current power wielders and shapers of US policy. The father of a close friend of mine described them as blacks who have sold their blackness.
I asked Cynthia McKinney where are the real leaders as contrasted with the politically ambitious, how are they produced? Why are there so few? Why are they cast aside? Here are them answers:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets This is an interesting question because there has raged a debate for quite some time now on whether leaders are born or made. I happen to believe that all of us have the stuff to be leaders, but it is the extent to which and how we use the stuff we have that determines the character of our leadership. Some people choose to not use their stuff at all and remain bystanders in the face of injustice. Other people choose to use their stuff in service to injustice as perpetrators. And then there's the rest of us who have a moral impulsion to speak up when we see wrong; in fact, Teddy Kennedy said it best when eulogizing their brother, Bobby: ‘He saw wrong and tried to right it; they saw suffering and tried to heal it. Saw war and tried to stop it.' That's leadership. This country has had authentic, servant leaders on the national level and many of them were targeted for assassination by the State. This country has a deep reservoir of such capable leaders today, but the system as it is currently configured smothers them, making it difficult for them to breathe. We need to change this system and I believe that the people of this country still can change it.
Why are there so few leaders?
They see what happens to people like me who stand up. Greg Palast says in American Blackout that after I spoke up on the inconsistencies of the Bush Administration story on 9/11/01, I was lynched as a signal to what would happen to others if they dared ask questions and follow me. I'm still swinging from that poplar tree that they mentioned. Who would walk down that path except the bravest hearts?
Why are they cast aside?
We have an increasingly authoritarian structure that countenances no dissent. The only thing is that we, the people, don't know who really operates the structures. The ones we elect to represent us provide no leadership and tell us no truths. Their names appear on the ballot, but they are not the ones in charge calling the shots. Everything has become a joke that is not even funny. The repercussions for those of us who try and inject love, vision, compassion and common sense into the political discourse are quickly discredited, chewed up, and expectorated. Only those with the biggest hearts will take this path. Now, why are people like me cast aside? Because we know that we can win this titanic struggle. We know that the people can overcome this tyranny. We know that the true power lies with the people and that we are the majority. That's why the others have to work so hard with their propaganda, psychological operations, disinformation, and mind control tactics. Heaven forbid if the people would actually turn off the television and think. There would be a revolution tomorrow. And the rest of the world could finally live in peace and Mother Earth could reclaim them dignity. All of that depends on the voters of the United States to accept their responsibility to change the policies in Washington, DC, that are killing hope here and killing people abroad.
I asked Cynthia McKinney why people acquiesce to the casting aside of their leaders.
Them reply:
Bob Marley sang, ‘How long shall they kill our prophets while we stand aside and look?' I wish I could answer that question. I am not one who has accepted injustice quietly. I don't understand the bystander mentality. Election fraud right inside the Democratic Convention on two platform issues and there was no press conference of complaint, no protest, no sit-in, no nothing. The meeting is gaveled adjourned and the people are just left staring. Had I been there, of course, I would have done more than stare. In a room of 20,000 people, where were the leaders? The good news is that new leaders are being made every day. With the excesses of the State, more and more people are waking up. And I am glad to reach out to Independents, Republicans, Democrats, Constitutionalists, and every political stripe in-between to find some common ground so we can advance on that ground together. It's crazy that the Department of Homeland Security is going to tell me who I should fear and not talk to. As a Southerner, I know that people can come together; I know that people can hear and listen and adapt to each other if someone is willing to start the conversation. As the values of the policymakers become more and more distant from those on whose behalf policy is made, we have no choice but to come together and save each other from the growing threat of our own elected officials quietly ripping the Bill of Rights to shreds.
I asked McKinney why some Americans can recognize a leader and others cannot:
Leadership, it seems, frightens some people. It holds them up to a standard that they could never attain. And they know it. Therefore, that's something better ignored. When one person sacrifices for you and you have rationalized away the need to sacrifice for anyone or any principle other than yourself, you've set a pretty low standard for humanity. On the other hand, persons who stand on conviction, and suffer the slings and arrows that come with that, evoke awe in some.
I asked Cynthia McKinney why President Obama had deserted the leadership role bestowed upon them by the American people and instead had fallen into the agenda of the Bush/Cheney/neoconservative Republicans. They replied that:
the policy of killing that is being carried out by President Obama has wiped out all of the moral credit that Black America accrued over their years of resistance to slavery, Jim Crow, racism, poverty, and militarism. The world understood that Black Americans had a different set of values. That they were against wars, against interference in the affairs of other countries, against imperialism, against colonialism, and against White Supremacy. Now, too many Black Americans cheer a President who defends targeted assassination, drone wars in Africa and elsewhere around the world, boots on the ground globally for the military-industrial-complex, and even torture. Sadly, now much of Black America has chosen to abdicate its moral responsibility and spend whatever moral credit they have earned globally in support of an African descendant President who has ripped to shred the Bill of Rights, damaged life for tens of thousands of innocent individuals here and abroad hurt by the policies of this Administration, not to mention those who have been killed and will be deformed due to the massive depleted uranium being used.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! I asked Cynthia McKinney if Washington's doctrine that “might makes right” would bring “freedom and democracy” to the world. They replied that: The military might of the US is being used to benefit a very small group of men and women who have the rest of humankind hoodwinked as to the true nature of what is going on. The rest of humankind can't imagine that amount of greed and willingness to kill and so, are easily fooled and tricked by the individuals who control the new system that is being created. It is, sadly, a case of ‘willful blindness.' McKinney, an extremely realistic and well-informed person, unlike anyone in Washington or the media, remains confident that truth and justice will prevail. Them final words were: We don't have to go very far to find the authentic leadership that this country needs at this very moment. The leaders we need already walk among us. In the Black and Brown communities, we have always had tremendous leaders who give their all for dignity and justice. I see them every day. They are ubiquitous around us. Given the right context, they will thrive and they will help us to thrive. What we must do is create the environment that will allow them to find their voice and thrive in positions of authority. All of us must work to create the environment in which decent, compassionate people can become our leaders. America and the Constitution will be safe the day Cynthia McKinney or a similar person is president of the United States. Until then, we are in great peril. This article first appeared at Paul Craig Roberts' new website Institute For Political Economy. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. They were columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. They have had many university appointments. Their Internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Donations to Paul Craig Roberts are much appreciated. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
Oakland city officials released planning studies Friday for the grand development scheme they envision around the outmoded and isolated Coliseum.
The draft environmental impact report and specific plan for Coliseum City call for construction of a new neighborhood that would feature three sports venues, 5,750 housing units and 8 million square feet of retail development.
In addition to a new ballpark for the A's and a new football stadium for the Raiders, the plan includes an arena for the Golden State Warriors, who have announced their plans to abandon the Oracle Arena and move to a new facility they want to build in San Francisco's Mission Bay. The new Oakland arena would also serve as an events center.
A transit hub would be built next to the Coliseum BART Station, and an elevated pedestrian concourse would run from the transportation center to the sports and entertainment facilities, shops, restaurants and hotels and residential areas.
"The Coliseum City project will transform an entire area of Oakland, creating thousands of new jobs and a regional destination," Mayor Jean Quan said. "It stands to be one of the largest transit-oriented development projects in California and among the most exciting development sites in the nation."
Details of the complicated development plan are still being negotiated privately, said City Administrator Henry Gardner. The City Council approved an exclusive negotiating agreement in 2013 with the Raiders, developers and investors, including Colony Capital, one of the world's largest real estate investment firms.
The Raiders have been noncommittal on the development plan, the A's have expressed interest in a stadium on the Coliseum site but don't want to be part of Coliseum City, and the Warriors, of course, plan to depart.
City planners and consultants have been working on the environmental study and specific plan for more than two years, Quan's office said. The mayor said completion of the documents should help speed development of the project, which is expected to house up to 10,000 people and create 21,000 jobs by 2035.
The plans are available at the Planning and Building Department, 250 Frank Ogawa Plaza, Suite 3315, at the Oakland Public Library, 125 14th St., or online at www.oaklandnet.com/coliseumcity.
Michael Cabanatuan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ctuan
For the first time, researchers at West China Hospital in the city of Chengdu in Sichuan province have injected a patient with cells modified through the CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing technique, reports David Cyranoski at Nature. It's an early step into a new age of gene editing, which promises to revolutionize health, agriculture, conservation and other fields of biology.
Related Content Gene Editing of Embryos Gives Insight Into Basic Human Biology
CRISPR is a gene editing technique derived from the naturally occurring immune systems found in a variety of bacteria, writes Sarah Zhang for Gizmodo. These species keep a “rogue's gallery” of virus DNA in their genome so they can recognize it if it invades their cells. If the virus DNA is detected, the bacteria deploys CRISPR associated (a.k.a. Cas) enzymes that can find the invading virus DNA and precisely snip it out.
Researchers realized that if they could show the Cas proteins a slice of target DNA, the enzymes would patrol the genome, snipping out those bits of code. This ingenious method allowed them to hijack the system to precisely edit genes. The bacteria with the most efficient genetic homing device is actually Streptococcus pyogenes, which causes strep throat. Scientists are now working with the CRISPR-Cas9 technique to try and cut out the gene sequences that cause genetic diseases and even used it recently to partially restore vision in blind animals.
In this latest application, oncologist Lu You of Sichuan University and their team isolated a specific set of cancer-fighting T-cells from a patient with an aggressive form of lung cancer. These immune cells should attack abnormal cells like those found in cancerous tumors, but they don't always work. Some cancerous tumors exploit the T-cells' PD-1 receptor, which turns off the immune response. So the researchers snipped out the region of the DNA that codes for PD-1 proteins using the CRISPR-Cas9 system and cultured these modified T-cells before re-injected them back into the sick patient.
The hope is that by deleting the genetic code for PD-1 proteins, the T-cells will attack the cancer uninhibited.
The first injection went smoothly and the patient will receive a second dose, but patient confidentiality limits the amount of information the researchers could provide, reports Cyranoski. Ten other patients will undergo similar treatments, receiving two to four injections, and will then be monitored for six months.
Carl June, who researches immunotherapy at the University of Pennsylvania says this study will likely spur some healthy competition. “I think this is going to trigger ‘Sputnik 2.0,' a biomedical duel on progress between China and the United States, which is important since competition usually improves the end product,” they tell Cyranoski.
Tracy Staedter at Seeker reports that June's lab is currently the only one in the United States that has FDA approval to use CRISPR techniques on T-cells meant for humans.
But researchers in the U.S. are purposefully moving slow on the CRISPR front, Staedter reports. In 2015, researchers in Beijing used CRISPR to modify the genome of a human embryo, though they did not let it develop. That led to a heated debate over the ethics of using the nascent technology on humans and led the National Institutes of Health to create an advisory committee to oversee any proposals for using CRISPR on people.
A staggering 40% of the homeless youth served by agencies identify as LGBT, according to the Williams Institute.
An upcoming homeless shelter serving LGBT youth in New York City is hoping to give dozens of LGBTers a warm place to stay thanks to the late “Golden Girls” star, Bea Arthur.
The residence, named for Arthur whose generous donation made the project possible, is slated to open the 18-bed shelter at 222 E. 13th St by February of next year, reports DNAinfo.
Rendering of the Bea Arthur Residence
“It's really accelerating,” said Steve Herrick of the Cooper Square Committee, which has partnered with the Ali Forney Center, a nonprofit that works with LGBT homeless youth. “The building is about 40 percent complete right now.”
DNAinfo adds:
Though the shelter was initially scheduled to open this summer, construction on the long-derelict building — being gut-renovated by Builders-R-Us Construction Corp. — had hit a few snags after breaking ground in July of last year, explained Herrick. There were a few Departments of Building violations stacked against the run-down site from the start, they said, which records show have all been resolved. Though the holdups placed the renovation work several months behind schedule, said Herrick, the project is now well on its way to becoming a shelter that will provide beds, on-site counseling, and case management to the city's homeless gay and transgender youth. The $3.3 million city-funded project bears the name of the Broadway and television actor who was also among the Ali Forney Center's greatest supporters and cheerleaders. Bea Arthur, who had put on a benefit show for the then-struggling nonprofit in 2005, bequeathed $300,000 to the center upon their death in 2009.
Thank you for being a friend Bea!
Who's Your Favorite Golden Girl? Blanche Devereaux (Rue McClanahan) Dorothy Zbornak (Beatrice Arthur) Rose Nylund (Betty White) Sophia Petrillo (Estelle Getty)
Check out Bea Arthur's 1997 interview with the BBC's Gaytime TV where they discuss their popularity with the gay community.
A TTAG reader writes: “Mark ‘I wasn't really buying that AR-15‘ Kelly is committing a felony right in front of New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. It's against New York State (NYS) law for someone to be in possession (i.e. holding) a handgun without a valid NYS Pistol license. Mark Kelly can't have a NYS pistol license because he's not a legal resident of New York.” An Empire State firearms attorney told TTAG that there's an exception for firearms training but, as far as they can tell, not gun shows. Unless we hear otherwise, under Article 265 of New York State penal law, Mr. Kelly's committing a Class E felony. But wait! There's more! Well, there would have been if Kelly hadn't been pressed for time. “Kelly bought a book on Colt revolvers,” washingtontimes.com reports, “and said later they probably would have bought a gun if they had had more time.”
Daniel Polansky's The Builders is a stunning - and deeply odd - novella. A tale of harrowing revenge and adorable woodland critters, Publishers Weekly said it is "as though Brian Jacques and Quentin Tarantino went drinking one night".
We are proud to publish this exclusive limited edition, which pairs Polansky's glorious prose with the artwork of Howard Hardiman.
This hardcover edition is limited to 75 copies, signed by both author and artist. It comes complete with coloured endpapers, ribbon bookmark and 14 original black and white illustrations.
As you can tell from the adorable, gun-toting Barley (above), we've embraced the "$@%&ed-up children's book" aesthetic, and are delighted by the results.
The Builders are available for £20, including free UK shipping & handling. It is at the printers now, with an eye on shipping the books in early April. You can order your copy here.
We're delighted to have the help of Blackwell's for both ordering and distribution, so your copy of The Builders is in safe hands. Plus, while you're there, you can add Daniel Polansky's other books to your basket, and a copy or two of Howard Hardiman's The Lengths.
If you live in India and were planning to purchase an Apple computer - MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, MacBook, Mac Pro or iMac - do it soon while the older stock is still available as the retail price of all Apple computers has received an official price bump in the country.
The asupervisorstioned price increase effects Apple's entire computing line, but will have different increases depending on the product. For example, the 128GB model of the 11-inch and 13-inch MacBook Air are now costlier by Rs 8,000 ($125), while the 256GB variant has received a price bump of Rs 10,000 ($155).These are just some examples of pricing and you can check out the full list in the image below.
As of this writing, the pricing for a majority of Apple's products has been updated on the website. Currently, the only exception to the price increase is the Mac Pro and the iMac. Naturally, the prices for these products should see an increase if the pricing sheet obtained by Gadgets 360 is accurate.
Source and image: Apple Via Gadgets 360
The 12 O'Clock Boys, an infamous group of Baltimoreans who ride dirt bikes and four wheelers throughout the city, stopped by the protests at North and Pennsylvania Avenues today and treated the crowd to several sick wheelies. The anchors narrating the telecast on WBAL were not amused.
“Here would be my suggestion, now we have identified that they are out there, I would suggest that we not give them any more attention because they thrive on it,” anchor Stan Stovall says in the second video below. “Bikers will see this and they're going to want to join them. ‘Hey we can get on TV too.' Maybe we should stop focusing on them and start paying attention to the positives.”
I don't know. For a town that's gone through as much as Baltimore has in the past 24 hours, a set of apparently crowd-awing tricks from a group representing a segment of the city's unique culture is probably a nice morale booster.
[There was a video here]
[There was a video here]
It turns out that Barack Obama wants to play hardball on gun control with everyone. The President penned an essay for the New York Times which went online shortly before the start of their CNN town hall on gun issues. For the most part, Obama regurgitated the same arguments he's made all along, but almost buried in the middle of the column was a new threat, this one aimed at Democrats who won't play ball with them in Congress:
Even as I continue to take every action possible as president, I will also take every action I can as a citizen. I will not campaign for, vote for or support any candidate, even in my own party, who does not support common-sense gun reform. And if the 90 percent of Americans who do support common-sense gun reforms join me, we will elect the leadership we deserve.
Where to start with this threat? First, the numbers behind it are laughable. The “90%” claim comes from this Gallup poll showing 86% of people favor universal background checks for all gun purchases.” That's what we already have, except for personal transactions, usually between family members. Online and gun-show sales from retailers still require a background check through a federally licensed firearms dealer (FFL), and the change Obama announced only made an ambiguity between retailers and hobbyists even more ambiguous. In poll after poll, though, Americans don't consider gun control a primary or even secondary public issue, and recently two media polling series have shown majority opposition to so-called “assault weapons” bans for the first time.
The disconnect between Obama's “90%” rhetoric and reality can be seen in the makeup of Congress. Obama started pushing hard on gun control in 2013, at the start of their second term. If “90% of Americans” wanted gun control expanded, why did Democrats suffer such a sharp loss in the next midterm election?
That's why this threat to Democrats on gun control is silly, and evidence of a lack of contact with reality. Democrats in safe seats can afford to talk about gun control and don't really need Obama to campaign for them, although they wouldn't mind their fundraising and organization. Democrats in swing states and districts won't want to remind voters that their party has decided again to go all in on gun control, and won't want Obama within 50 miles of their campaign anyway. In fact, their efforts make using Obama's personal qualities even more risky on the campaign trail for these Democrats in purple areas, and that includes the next Democratic nominee.
Speaking of separations from reality, Obama took a moment during their town hall last night to dismiss the concerns of a rape survivor who wants to provide for their own self-defense. Obama followed up by suggesting they might be too careless to manage firearm ownership:
They pointed out that, though they didn't think Corban's guns necessarily made them safer, he's not trying to take them away. “I just want to repeat that there's nothing that we've proposed that would make it harder for you to purchase a firearm.” And: “You have to be pretty well trained in order to fire a weapon against somebody who is assaulting you and catches you by surprise.” And: “There's always the possibility that that firearm in a home leads to a tragic accident.” And: “All I'm focused on is making sure that a terrible crime like yours that was committed is not made easier because somebody can go on the Internet and just buy whatever weapon they want without us finding out whether they're a criminal or not.” Corban wasn't impressed. “I would say it was more of a non-response,” they told The Post. “He kind of dodged the question.” … Saying Obama was working without a script or a teleprompter, Corban criticized the president's insistence on talking about how guns endanger children every time they “got jammed” at the town hall. Doesn't they understand that they have guns because they want to keep their children safe in their family's home? “That's where I understand this violence happens,” they said, mentioning that their daughter will be a year old soon. “It's not just on the news. It's not just in far-off places. My nightmares are real. They are my memories. I don't want that for my own kid.”
Obama's utter condescension was not limited to their New York Times virtue-signaling op-ed, in other words.
Update: I forgot to link to the Washington Post on the Corban story, which I fixed above, and corrected a grammatical error as well.
Pinto Business Park applies to develop 31 more acres
Aerial view of the master plan of the Pinto Business Park, which ultimately will encompass 8 million square feet of space. The developer recently filed an application to build out 31 acres on the park's western edge. less Aerial view of the master plan of the Pinto Business Park, which ultimately will encompass 8 million square feet of space. The developer recently filed an application to build out 31 acres on the park's western ... more Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Pinto Business Park applies to develop 31 more acres 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Developers of Pinto Business Park have filed for permits to develop another 31 acres on the western edge of the massive industrial park in Houston's booming northwest submarket.
The currently undeveloped tract abuts Ella Boulevard to the east and approaches Fallbrook Drive to the south.
Pinto Business Park's 971 acres make it the largest fully entitled, contiguous tract of land inside Beltway 8. When built out, the project is planned to encompass 8 million square feet of warehouse, light manufacturing and office space.
Pinto Business Park is being developed through a joint venture between Hines, Pinto Real Estate Development Inc. and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. No one Tuesday was immediately able to say what is planned for the 31 acre tract. A spokesperson for Hines said the company would "issue a press release at the appropriate time."
Development of the industrial park began in 2012, about two years after Sysco built a 585,000-square-foot distribution center there. The park landed a major deal in 2016 when Amazon picked it for the site of a new 855,000-square-foot fulfillment center — the e-commerce giant's first such facility in the Houston area.
RELATED: In Houston, Amazon's robots mean more work for humans, not less
Other tenants include engineering firm Alfa Laval, Cambria, HD Supply Facilities Maintenance and Red Bull.
The park hosts a mixture of projects built to tenant specifications and others built speculatively in hope of attracting tenants after completion.
The continued development comes amid a spike in demand for industrial real estate both in Houston and across the nation.
Warehouses as distribution centers are hot assets as consumer habits change from storefront shopping to click orders with mail delivery and, locally, as suppliers opt to locate regional distribution centers within the city instead of shipping goods from traditional distribution hubs like Dallas.
Seven Pillars of Wisdom is the autobiographical account of the experiences of British soldier T. E. Lawrence ("Lawrence of Arabia"), while serving as a liaison officer with rebel forces during the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Turks of 1916 to 1918.
It was completed in February 1922, but first published in December 1926.[1]
Title [ edit ]
The title comes from the Book of Proverbs[2] (Proverbs 9:1): "Wisdom hath builded their house, they have hewn out their seven pillars" (King James Version).[3] Prior to the First World War, Lawrence had begun work on a scholarly book about seven great cities of the Middle East,[4] to be titled Seven Pillars of Wisdom. When war broke out, it was still incomplete and Lawrence stated that they ultimately destroyed the manuscript although they remained keen on using their original title Seven Pillars of Wisdom for their later work. The book had to be rewritten three times, once following the loss of the manuscript on a train at Reading. From Seven Pillars, "...and then lost all but the Introduction and drafts of Books 9 and 10 at Reading Station, while changing trains. This was about Christmas, 1919." (p. 21)
Seven Pillars of Wisdom is an autobiographical account of their experiences during the Arab Revolt of 1916–18, when Lawrence was based in Wadi Rum (now a part of Jordan) as a member of the British Forces of North Africa. With the support of Emir Faisal and their tribesmen, they helped organise and carry out attacks on the Ottoman forces from Aqaba in the south to Damascus in the north. Many sites inside the Wadi Rum area have been named after Lawrence to attract tourists, although there is little or no evidence connecting them to any of these places, including the rock formations near the entrance now known as "The Seven Pillars".[5]
Speculation surrounds the book's dedication, a poem written by Lawrence and edited by Robert Graves, concerning whether it is to an individual or to the whole Arab race. It begins, "To S.A.", possibly meaning Selim Ahmed, a young Arab boy from Syria of whom Lawrence was very fond. Ahmed died, probably from typhus, aged 19, a few weeks before the offensive to liberate Damascus. Lawrence received the news of their death some days before they entered Damascus.[citation needed]
I loved you, so I drew these tides of
Men into my hands
And wrote my will across the
Sky in stars
To earn you freedom, the seven
Pillared worthy house,
That your eyes might be
Shining for me
When I came
Death seemed my servant on the
Road, 'til we were near
And saw you waiting:
When you smiled and in sorrowful
Envy they outran me
And took you apart:
Into their quietness
Love, the way-weary, groped to your body,
Our brief wage
Ours for the moment
Before Earth's soft hand explored your shape
And the blind
Worms grew fat upon
Your substance
Men prayed me that I set our work,
The inviolate house,
As a memory of you
But for fit monument I shattered it,
Unfinished: and now
The little things creep out to patch
Themselves hovels
In the marred shadow
Of your gift.
A variant last line of that first stanza—reading, "When we came"—appears in some editions; however, the 1922 Oxford text (considered the definitive version; see below) has "When I came". The poem originated as prose, submitted by letter to Graves, who edited the work heavily into its current form, rewriting an entire stanza and correcting the others.[citation needed]
Manuscripts and editions [ edit ]
Some Englishmen, of whom Kitchener was chief, believed that a rebellion of Arabs against Turks would enable England, while fighting Germany, simultaneously to defeat Turkey.
Their knowledge of the nature and power and country of the Arabic-speaking peoples made them think that the issue of such a rebellion would be happy: and indicated its character and method.
So they allowed it to begin... — Seven Pillars of Wisdom, Introduction
Lawrence kept extensive notes throughout the course of their involvement in the Revolt. They began work on a clean narrative in the first half of 1919 while in Paris for the Peace Conference and, later that summer, while back in Egypt. By December 1919, they had a fair draft of most of the ten books that make up the Seven Pillars of Wisdom but lost it (except for the introduction and final two books) when they misplaced their briefcase while changing trains at Reading railway station.[6][7] National newspapers alerted the public to the loss of the "hero's manuscript", but to no avail; the draft remained lost. Lawrence refers to this version as "Text I" and says that had it been published, it would have been some 250,000 words in length.
In early 1920, Lawrence set about the daunting task of rewriting as much as they could remember of the first version. Working from memory alone (he had destroyed many of their wartime notes upon completion of the corresponding parts of Text I), they were able to complete this "Text II", 400,000 words long, in three months. Lawrence described this version as "hopelessly bad" in literary terms, but historically it was "substantially complete and accurate". This manuscript, titled by Lawrence "The Arab Revolt," is held by the Harry Ransom Center with a letter from Lawrence's brother authenticating it as the earliest surviving manuscript of what would become Seven Pillars of Wisdom.[8]
With Text II in front of him, Lawrence began working on a polished version ("Text III") in London, Jeddah, and Amman during 1921. Lawrence completed this text comprising 335,000 words in February 1922.
To eliminate any risk of losing the manuscript again, and to have copies that they could show privately to critics, they considered having the book typed out. However, they discovered that it would be cheaper to get the text typeset and printed on a proofing press at the Oxford Times printing works. Just eight copies were produced, of which six survive. In bibliographical terms the result was the first "edition" of Seven Pillars (because the text was reproduced on a printing press). In legal terms, however, these substitutes for a typescript were not "published". Lawrence retained ownership of all the copies and chose who was allowed to read them. The proof-printing became known as the "Oxford Text" of Seven Pillars. As a text it is unsatisfactory because Lawrence could not afford to have the proof corrected. It therefore contains innumerable transcription errors, and in places lines and even whole paragraphs are missing. They made corrections by hand in five of the copies and had them bound.[9] (In 2001, the last time one of these rough printings came on to the market, it fetched almost US$1 million at auction.) Instead of burning the manuscript, Lawrence presented it to the Bodleian Library in Oxford.
By mid-1922, Lawrence was in a state of severe mental turmoil: the psychological after-effects of war were taking their toll, as were their exhaustion from the literary endeavours of the past three years, their disillusionment with the settlement given to their Arab comrades-in-arms, and the burdens of being in the public eye as a perceived "national hero". It was at this time that they re-enlisted in the armed forces under an assumed name, for the most part in the Royal Air Force, as described in their book The Mint with the byline "by 352087 A/c Ross", with a period in the Royal Tank Corps as "Private Shaw". Concerned over their mental state and eager for their story to be read by a wider public, their friends persuaded them to produce an abridged version of Seven Pillars, to serve as both intellectual stimulation and a source of much-needed income. In their off-duty evenings, they set to trimming the 1922 text down to 250,000 words for a subscribers' edition.
The Subscribers' Edition – in a limited print run of about 200 copies, each with a unique, sumptuous, hand-crafted binding – was published in late 1926, with the subtitle A Triumph. It was printed in London by Roy Manning Pike and Herbert John Hodgson, with illustrations by Eric Kennington, Augustus John, Paul Nash, Blair Hughes-Stanton and their wife Gertrude Hermes. Copies occasionally become available in the antiquarian trade and can easily command prices of up to US$100,000. Unfortunately, each copy cost Lawrence three times the thirty guineas the subscribers had paid.[10]
The Subscribers' Edition was 25% shorter than the Oxford Text, but Lawrence did not abridge uniformly. The deletions from the early books are much less drastic than those of the later ones: for example, Book I lost 17% of its words and Book IV lost 21%, compared to 50% and 32% for Books VIII and IX. Critics differed in their opinions of the two editions: Robert Graves, E. M. Forster and George Bernard Shaw preferred the 1922 text (although, from a legal standpoint, they appreciated the removal of certain passages that could have been considered libellous, or at least indiscreet), while Edward Garnett preferred the 1926 version.
Literary merits aside, however, producing the Subscribers' Edition had left Lawrence facing bankruptcy. They were forced to undertake an even more stringent pruning to produce a version for sale to the general public: this was the 1927 Revolt in the Desert, a work of some 130,000 words: "an abridgement of an abridgement," remarked George Bernard Shaw, not without disdain. Nevertheless, it received wide acclaim by the public and critics alike, the vast majority of whom had never seen or read the unabridged Subscribers' Edition.
After the 1926 release of the Subscribers' Edition, Lawrence stated that no further issue of Seven Pillars would be made during their lifetime. Lawrence was killed in a motorcycle accident in May 1935, at the age of 46, and within weeks of their death, the 1926 abridgement was published for general circulation. The unabridged Oxford Text of 1922 was not published until 1997, when it appeared as a "best text" edited by Jeremy Wilson from the manuscript in the Bodleian Library and Lawrence's amended copy of the 1922 proof printing. Wilson made some further minor amendments in a new edition published in 2003.
Charles Hill has called Seven Pillars "a novel traveling under the cover of autobiography," capturing Lawrence's highly personal version of the historical events described in the book.[11]
Winston Churchill quoted in an advertisement for the 1935 edition said "It ranks with the greatest books ever written in the English language. As a narrative of war and adventure it is unsurpassable."[12]
Editions in print [ edit ]
ISBN 0-9546418-0-9 Seven Pillars of Wisdom , 1922, unabridged Oxford text.
ISBN 0-9546418-0-9 , 1922, unabridged Oxford text. ISBN 0-385-41895-7 Seven Pillars of Wisdom , 1926, Subscribers' Edition text.
ISBN 0-385-41895-7 , 1926, Subscribers' Edition text. ISBN 1-56619-275-7 Revolt in the Desert , 1927, abridgement.
ISBN 1-56619-275-7 , 1927, abridgement. ISBN 0-385-07015-2 Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1935, Jonathan Cape (London and Toronto) edition published shortly after Lawrence's death. Review saying "published this day" published 29 July 1935[13]
Notes [ edit ]
Paradox Interactive has a way of stealing time
Did you forget to build your space empire in last year's Stellaris? Perhaps you didn't bother visiting Capcom's excellent PC port of Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen? If you didn't play some of the well-received games of 2016, GMG has you covered in a new Most Played Games of 2016 sale.
While we can't exactly figure out GMG's criteria on "most played," we did notice many were Paradox Interactive strategy titles. We suppose you can make the argument that these have endless replayability since no two games would play out exactly alike. Regardless, there are some really decent discounts to be found.
There is a new historic low price on the Stellaris Galaxy Edition (Nova and Standard Editions are near historic lows) along with the asupervisorstioned Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen. All other titles in the sale are within a buck or two of their best prices ever. Don't see the price drop? Login or register for an account and you'll see the final price during checkout.
Misc Publishers
Paradox Strategy Games
Killing Floor 2
The GMG sale is fairly short-lived as these discounts are only good now through Friday morning ending at 9AM Pacific. That said, at least you have a few days to pick up the price breaks.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Disclosure-bot: Just in case the editor neglected to mention it, we have zero control when deals start and end. Deals can sometimes be gone within minutes (please don't shoot the messenger). Trying deal links even hours after this article's time stamp may lead to self-punching, so maybe bookmark our video game deals if you're on the hunt. Also, it goes without saying, but some shopping links do directly support the author. If you've spotted any inaccuracy please let us know asap.
The federal government's budget deficit was slightly more than $600 billion in the first 10 months of fiscal year 2013, CBO estimates, almost $370 billion less than the shortfall recorded for the same period last year. Revenues have risen by about 14 percent, accounting for much of the decline in the deficit. The results through July suggest that total outlays and revenues for the fiscal year will both be slightly less than CBO projected in May, when it estimated a deficit of $642 billion for the year.
Receipts From October Through July: Up by 14 Percent Compared With Collections During the Same Period in Fiscal Year 2012
Receipts for the first 10 months of fiscal year 2013 totaled $2,287 billion, CBO estimates—$278 billion more than receipts for the same period last year.
Compared with receipts in the first 10 months of fiscal year 2012:
Individual income taxes and social insurance (payroll) taxes together increased by $241 billion (or 15 percent). Taxes withheld from workers' paychecks rose by $151 billion (or 10 percent), mainly because of higher wages and salaries, the expiration of the payroll tax cut in January 2013, and increases (beginning in January) in tax rates on income above certain thresholds. Nonwithheld receipts rose by $91 billion (or 27 percent). About three-quarters of that increase occurred during the tax-filing season (February through April), mainly because final payments for the 2012 tax year were much larger than the final payments that were made last year for 2011. Some of the growth in nonwithheld receipts also reflects an increase in estimated payments for the current tax year (made in the spring and summer) and some payments for the 2012 tax year (such as quarterly estimated payments made in January 2013). The next quarterly estimated payments are due in September.
together increased by $241 billion (or 15 percent). Net corporate income taxes were higher by $31 billion (or 17 percent), probably because of growth in taxable profits in calendar year 2012 and in the first half of calendar year 2013.
Outlays From October Through July: Down by 4 Percent (Adjusted for Timing Shifts) Compared With Spending During the Same Period in Fiscal Year 2012
Outlays for the first 10 months of fiscal year 2013 were $90 billion less than spending during the same period last year, CBO estimates. That decrease would have been larger without shifts in the timing of certain payments and collections, which occurred mostly because the scheduled dates for some payments fell on weekends. (Outlays for defense, Medicare, veterans' programs, and deposit insurance were affected.) Without such shifts, CBO estimates, spending would have declined by $116 billion (or 4 percent).
Outlays for several major programs or categories of spending were less than those during the first 10 months of last year:
Net outlays for the government's activities related to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were $87 billion less than outlays recorded last year at this time. Through July 2012, the U.S. Treasury had made $5 billion more in payments to those two entities than it received in dividends. This year, the Treasury has received about $82 billion in transfers from those entities and has made no payments to them.
and were $87 billion less than outlays recorded last year at this time. Through July 2012, the U.S. Treasury had made $5 billion more in payments to those two entities than it received in dividends. This year, the Treasury has received about $82 billion in transfers from those entities and has made no payments to them. Defense spending fell by $36 billion (or 7 percent).
spending fell by $36 billion (or 7 percent). Outlays recorded for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (included in the category “Other Activities” in the table above) declined by $33 billion, mainly because adjustments to the estimated cost of the program increased outlays by $21 billion in 2012 and reduced them by $13 billion in 2013.
(included in the category “Other Activities” in the table above) declined by $33 billion, mainly because adjustments to the estimated cost of the program increased outlays by $21 billion in 2012 and reduced them by $13 billion in 2013. Outlays for unemployment benefits declined by $20 billion (or 24 percent), mostly because fewer people have been receiving benefits in recent months.
Increases in spending for some other major programs during the first 10 months of the fiscal year partially offset those declines:
Spending increased for all three of the government's largest entitlement programs—for Social Security , by $34 billion (or 5 percent); for Medicare , by $12 billion (or 3 percent); and for Medicaid , by $12 billion (or 6 percent).
, by $34 billion (or 5 percent); for , by $12 billion (or 3 percent); and for , by $12 billion (or 6 percent). In the category “Other Activities,” spending by the Department of Agriculture increased by $15 billion (or 13 percent), primarily because drought led to an increase in crop insurance payments early in the fiscal year, and outlays for the Federal Emergency Management Agency were $10 billion higher, mostly because of Hurricane Sandy.
Estimated Deficit in July 2013: $96 Billion
The federal government incurred a deficit of $96 billion in July 2013, CBO estimates, $27 billion more than the shortfall in the same month last year. But that comparison is distorted by quirks of the calendar: Because July 1, 2012, fell on a Sunday, certain payments that ordinarily would have been made in July were made earlier, reducing outlays in July 2012 by about $36 billion. No such payment shift occurred in July 2013. Without that shift in the timing of payments in 2012, the deficit for July 2013 would have been $10 billion less than the deficit for July 2012.
CBO estimates that receipts in July totaled $199 billion—$15 billion (or 8 percent) more than those in the same month last year. Compared with receipts in July of last year:
Individual income taxes and social insurance (payroll) taxes together rose by $17 billion (or 11 percent). Withheld taxes rose by $21 billion (or 15 percent), reflecting the expiration of the payroll tax cut in January 2013, along with other tax increases and higher wages and salaries. Unemployment taxes fell by $5 billion. Those receipts were unusually high in July 2012, when certain states replenished their trust funds that were depleted in the most recent recession.
and together rose by $17 billion (or 11 percent). Miscellaneous receipts fell by $4 billion, primarily because such receipts in July 2012 were unusually large—perhaps as a result of forfeitures of assets gained from the prosecution of criminals.
Total spending in July 2013 was about $296 billion, CBO estimates—roughly $40 billion more than in July 2012. If not for the effects of the timing shifts last year, the monthly outlays in the two years would have been similar. (The month-over-month changes discussed below reflect adjustments to account for such shifts.) Among the larger changes in outlays, compared with last year:
Spending for defense decreased by $5 billion; that decline was distributed among operations and maintenance, procurement, and revolving funds.
decreased by $5 billion; that decline was distributed among operations and maintenance, procurement, and revolving funds. Outlays for student loans and energy programs declined by $2 billion each.
and declined by $2 billion each. Outlays for unemployment benefits were down by $2 billion.
were down by $2 billion. Spending for Social Security and Medicare rose by $3 billion each, and spending for Medicaid increased by $2 billion.
and rose by $3 billion each, and spending for increased by $2 billion. Outlays for other programs and activities differed by smaller amounts, in both directions, from outlays last July.
Actual Surplus in June 2013: $117 Billion
The Treasury reported a surplus of $117 billion for June, about $2 billion more than CBO estimated on the basis of the Daily Treasury Statements.
This document was prepared by Elizabeth Cove Delisle, Barbara Edwards, David Rafferty, Dawn Sauter Regan, and Joshua Shakin.
Note: The amounts shown in this report include the surplus or deficit in the Social Security trust funds and the net cash flow of the Postal Service, which are off-budget. Numbers may not add up to totals because of rounding.
etherpass
Offline
Activity: 11
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 11Merit: 0 [pre-ANN] Etherpass  the most trusted password manager September 20, 2017, 11:16:22 PM
Last edit: October 02, 2017, 08:43:20 AM by etherpass #1 BLOCKCHAIN-POWERED PASSWORD MANAGER LEVERAGED BY ETHEREUM SMART-CONTRACTS AND E2E CRYPTOGRAPHY
WE ARE LEVERAGING TRANSPARENCY AND RELIABILITY OF ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN TO MAKE ETHERPASS THE MOST TRUSTED PASSWORD MANAGER
mail | etherpass@protonmail.com telegram | https://t.me/etherpass
HOW IT WORKS
Etherpass utilises Ethereum smart-contracts and end-2-end cryptography to store your passwords and secrets in the most secure way which means you are the only owner of your data. Neither we nor any other third-parties have access to your secrets. All of our cryptography routines is fully open-sourced and available on
AVAILABILITY AND SYNCHRONIZATION
Since the blockchain is fully distributed all your data is auto-replicated and auto-synchronized across all your machines. Etherpass nature has no hard dependency on networking, meaning its possible to grab your data even if our services will go down - never worry about data losses anymore!
FEATURES
Auto-synchronized.
Forever persisted.
Protected with e2e cryptography.
Open-sourced.
Pay-as-you store billing  one-time payment per secret entry, no monthly pays.
MOTIVATION
All of us were struggling with many password manager tools/vaults before. Whats wrong with them?
They are definitely great tools but there are some unclear points for us.
Remember the last time you were trying to set up a new device to access all your passwords or keys? Either you struggle with signing up and setting up a cloud storage to make the synchronization working or you have extra costs for infrastructure maintenance and synchronization. Not a clear experience, right? But wait, where do my passwords go when those cloud storage go down? Hmm
Ok, I only have two devices right now, so synchronization is not really a big concern for me. But how do I make sure that password managers I use stores my sensitive data in the most reliable and secure way? Should I trust them? What if an irritated employee was just fired (oops)? How are my secrets actually stored? How are they protected from attacks? Well...
Ok, I have been using some (password manager) tool for a long time and I actually trust it! But what will happen if it will outrage or the team decides to no longer maintain the project?
We are aiming to bring a better experience!
TEAM
We are blockchain enthusiasts trying to rethink password/secrets management industry.
Sergey  2+ years on working with the Blockchain, backend guru with more than 10 years experience.
Roman  5+ years of developing high-performant financial applications, Ethereum adopter since its raise.
Aleksandr  Web developer since 1x1 pixel gifs, 3+ years in product management.
Artyom  5+ years experience in Web development. Trying to make frontend developers happier bringing the brilliant devops solutions in the last 2 years.
CURRENT STATUS
Smart-contracts are in active development and available on Github
We are pre-ANN and currently working on our cross-platform desktop client.
ROADMAP
Smart-contracts, stable release.
Desktop app.
Imports from other password managers.
Browser extensions.
Native mobile apps.
CLI.
Secure single sign-on.
AD integration, SAML.
Blockchain-powered Identity and Access management.
CONTACTS
Drop us a line
Join our Telegram channel
Follow us on Twitter
Check our site (WIP) Etherpass utilises Ethereum smart-contracts and end-2-end cryptography to store your passwords and secrets in the most secure way which means you are the only owner of your data. Neither we nor any other third-parties have access to your secrets. All of our cryptography routines is fully open-sourced and available on https://github.com/etherpass Since the blockchain is fully distributed all your data is auto-replicated and auto-synchronized across all your machines. Etherpass nature has no hard dependency on networking, meaning its possible to grab your data even if our services will go down - never worry about data losses anymore!All of us were struggling with many password manager tools/vaults before. Whats wrong with them?They are definitely great tools but there are some unclear points for us.Remember the last time you were trying to set up a new device to access all your passwords or keys? Either you struggle with signing up and setting up a cloud storage to make the synchronization working or you have extra costs for infrastructure maintenance and synchronization. Not a clear experience, right? But wait, where do my passwords go when those cloud storage go down? HmmOk, I only have two devices right now, so synchronization is not really a big concern for me. But how do I make sure that password managers I use stores my sensitive data in the most reliable and secure way? Should I trust them? What if an irritated employee was just fired (oops)? How are my secrets actually stored? How are they protected from attacks? Well...Ok, I have been using some (password manager) tool for a long time and I actually trust it! But what will happen if it will outrage or the team decides to no longer maintain the project?We are aiming to bring a better experience!We are blockchain enthusiasts trying to rethink password/secrets management industry.Smart-contracts are in active development and available on Github https://github.com/etherpass/etherpass.contracts We are pre-ANN and currently working on our cross-platform desktop client.Drop us a line etherpass@protonmail.com Join our Telegram channel https://t.me/etherpass Follow us on Twitter https://twitter.com/etherpass_app Check our site (WIP) http://etherpass.github.io/
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
We've got exclusive early access to this week's Witcher 3: Wild Hunt downloadable content packs, which features the Nilfgaardian Armor Set and the Elite Crossbow Set for main character Geralt. Both pieces of DLC will be released later this week across PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
The armor set and Nilfgaardian crossbow can be purchased from the Barons Quartermaster in No Man's Land.
The Skellige crossbow can be bought from Skellige Kaer Trolde Castle Blackmsmith
The Elven crossbow can be purchased from the Novigrad Fancy Shop Owner.
Check out the new content in action below.
CD Projekt Red plans to release sixteen free DLC packs for The Witcher 3 in total. The first two, The Temerian Armor Set (for the horse) and the Beard and Hairstyle Set (for Geralt), were released when the game launched on May 19. The second batch arrived last week.
The remaining ten will be released weekly throughout June and July. CD Projekt Red plans to release multiple paid expansions for The Witcher 3. The first of these, Hearts of Stone, will launch in October.
We're a quarter of the way through the regular season and the NBA landscape has shifted dramatically.
Kobe Bryant is retiring after this season and wants to be remembered as a “talented overachiever” when it's all said and done.
Meanwhile, Bryant's Los Angeles Lakers (3-15) trail only the Philadelphia 76ers (1-19) for the league's worst record. With every loss, the Lakers grow closer to keeping their top-three protected draft pick and potentially land top prospect Ben Simmons.
On the flip side, the Golden State Warriors are undefeated at 20-0 and on pace to challenge the 1996 Chicago Bulls' all-time best single-season record of 72-10.
As a result, there are 28 teams between the 76ers and Warriors spectrum.
With that in mind, here's where we stand through the season's first quarter and what to watch moving forward:
Contenders:
The Golden State Warriors are playing like a real life video game. Stephen Curry has taken their game to an even higher level than last season as we previously noted on the site. Despite the loss of coach Steve Kerr, Luke Walton has stepped in seamlessly and won the West's Coach of the Month award. Safe to say Walton has garnered serious attention around the league as a viable candidate for future coaching openings this summer.
A rematch of last year's Finals matchup between the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers appears inevitable. However, San Antonio hasn't gotten that memo just yet.
Kawhi Leonard has become the go-to scorer for the Spurs while LaMarcus Aldridge continues to adjust well to their new surroundings. The demise of the Spurs has been written about for nearly a decade, but the team has always found a way to remain a Finals contender. San Antonio's policy of resting its veteran players remains an important part of the long-term process. Only Leonard is averaging over 30 minutes per game.
In the East, LeBron James and the Cavaliers (13-5) own the conference's best record with Kyrie Irving fully cleared for practice and working toward a return. Over the past few days, Irving has participated in full contact, full court 5-on-5 play.
Cleveland remains the lead dog in the East. However, Indiana's Paul George has returned better than ever from their gruesome leg injury and was named the Eastern Conference Player of the Month. In addition, the Miami has arguably the best starting five in the conference and Dwyane Wade has made it clear to James the Heat are coming for him.
Pretenders:
The Chicago Bulls are narrowly behind the Cavaliers for the East's best record at 11-5. The biggest X-factor for the Bulls has always been Derrick Rose. That's still a shaky position to be in for Chicago with Rose shooting 34 percent from the field, 19 percent from beyond the arc and carrying a PER of 9.8. Joakim Noah has also struggled mightily at the worst time – a contract year. Noah is averaging 3.5 points and an 11.3 PER in 21.5 minutes per game off the bench for Chicago thus far. Coming into the season, I ranked Noah as one of the top 25 free agents heading into the summer.
The Toronto Raptors have gotten All-Star caliber starts to the season from Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. That said; Toronto isn't paying DeMarre Carroll $13.6 million to shoot 40 percent from the field with a PER of 11.8. They'll need them to be the difference maker they were in Atlanta if the Raptors want to advance past the first round for the first time since 2001.
The Oklahoma City Thunder are a team nobody wants to face with Kevin Durant trying to regain their MVP form and Russell Westbrook a walking triple-double threat on a nightly basis. Durant and Westbrook have scored 51 percent of the Thunder's points this season and the team is still looking for a consistent third scoring punch since trading James Harden. Durant and Westbrook can win video games by themselves, but asking those two to carry the Thunder past the Warriors on offense by themselves is a daunting task – even for two of the league's top five players.
Disappointments:
The Houston Rockets have been arguably the biggest disappointment of the season thus far. With James Harden and Dwight Howard returning, Ty Lawson was brought in to be the straw that stirred the drink. However, it appears the Rockets bought a faulty blender. Lawson has struggled from the field shooting 35 percent and was benched in mid-November. Hastily firing Kevin McHale hasn't proven to be the answer either. If things don't improve fast, Daryl Morey will look to make a blockbuster trade by dangling Terrence Jones and Donatas Motiejunas as bait.
The Los Angeles Clippers have nearly as disappointing as the Rockets. A team with arguably the most talented roster from top to bottom is only a game above .500 at 10-9. With Chris Paul, Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan in their primes, the time to turn the ship around and win is now. Doc Rivers, a coach known for their motivational tactics and getting the best out of their players, must get more out of this group or the blame will shift more their way some point sooner than later.
Another playoff team from last season that has taken a major step back this season is the New Orleans Pelicans. The trainer for the Pelicans has been busy with Anthony Davis, Tyreke Evans, Jrue Holiday and Norris Cole, among those who have missed a substantial number of games thus far.
In the East, the Milwaukee Bucks were expected to take a major jump with the addition of Greg Monroe and return of Jabari Parker to the core of Giannis Antetokounmpo, Khris Middleton and Michael Carter-Williams. While Monroe has been exactly what Milwaukee signed up for, Parker has yet to be fully unleashed as an injury precaution and Carter-Williams has yet to develop their range from the field (.410) and beyond the arc (.294). Milwaukee must improve on the road (2-8) to make a run at the playoffs.
The Washington Wizards have missed Paul Pierce in the locker room terribly as the team has stumbled out of the gate at 7-9. The duo of Nene and Kris Humphries at power forward has left more to be desired.
Surprises:
As noted above, Paul George has the Pacers in early contention with the Cavaliers after winning the East's Player of the Month award by averaging 27.4 points, 8.2 rebounds and 4.4 assists per game while shooting a career-best 46 percent from downtown and 85 percent at the charity stripe.
(RELATED: PAUL GEORGE ISN'T THE SAME PLAYER ANYMORE; HE'S WAY BETTER)
After years of collecting high lottery picks, coach Scott Skiles has molded the young core of the Orlando Magic into a competitive team. Keep in mind, Orlando lost by one to Washington in their opener, three to Oklahoma City and five to Chicago in the team's first three games. The team could easily be 14-5 instead of its current 11-8 mark.
After landing and then not landing DeAndre Jordan in free agency, the Dallas Mavericks have turned heads in the West tied with Oklahoma City for the third best record in the conference at 11-8. Deron Williams has averaged 14.8 points and 5.8 assists per game with a 17.8 PER. Those numbers in Brooklyn would draw boos, but not in Dallas where he's making $5 million instead of $20 million. Zaza Pachulia has been a double-double revelation since being acquired in a trade from Milwaukee to fill Jordan's void.
The Minnesota Timberwolves have also been a pleasant surprise out West. Andrew Wiggins has become a legitimate go-to scorer averaging 22.1 points per game. The veteran presences of Kevin Garnett, Tayshaun Prince and Andre Miller have helped the young Timberwolves learn how to close games, play defense and win. Flip Saunders would be proud.
Michael Scotto is an NBA columnist for SheridanHoops.com. Follow them on Twitter: @MikeAScotto.
INDIANAPOLIS — In a state perhaps best known for its hallowed speedway and lean-to-the-right politics, the pageantry of the past week might have seemed unexpected.
On Wednesday, a standing-room-only crowd snacked on rainbow-colored fruit skewers at a forum on transgender issues. On Thursday, men donned blond wigs and high heels at a drag show to raise money for charity. And on Saturday, gay men and women were expected to turn out by the thousands for the annual pride parade and festival. The mayor, a Republican, will serve as grand marshal, and several same-sex couples plan to exchange marriage vows.
It was all part of a nine-day pride celebration of Indiana's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender population. And it came against a backdrop of events that have suggested that Indiana is not of one mind in its views about sexual orientation as might have been thought.
Less than three months ago at the green-domed State Capitol here, the Republican-dominated state legislature passed, and Gov. Mike Pence, a Republican, signed, a religious exceptions law that many believed would allow business owners to refuse service to gay couples on religious grounds. The law, officially called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, was viewed by critics as a license to discriminate. But it set off a furious backlash not only from the gay community but also from corporate interests that pressured lawmakers to clarify that the measure could not be used to justify discrimination.
Melissa Santana speaks about a trip to Cuba that they led with students from Northern Arizona University in 2016. (YouTube/NAZ Today)
On the morning of Sept. 9, 2016, the inbox of the superintendent of the Flagstaff Interagency Hotshot Crew pinged with a new email. The subject line read: “Your Hotshot Crew Behavior.”
The superintendent, the head of an elite corp of firefighters deployed by the Forest Service and National Park Service to battle wild blazes across the country, had been alerted that morning their team was needed to help with the Soberanes Fire, which was eating through more than 130,000 acres in central California near Big Sur. But by the time the crew's boss finished the email, according to details laid out in a recently filed criminal affidavit, the Flagstaff crew was grounded.
“I am disgusted by the behavior of your hotshot crew when they passed through my town,” the email read. “Several weeks ago your guys were on the way to a fire in Wyoming. I intercepted messages between your crew members and my UNDERAGE 15 year old daughter. They won't tell me which website they met on but I did read that they invited them back to their hotel, gave their alcohol and had sex with them This is statutory rape and I want these men charged.”
The woman, who identified themselves as Cathy McCarthy, listed the names of three Flagstaff firefighters who they claimed assaulted their daughter. “I will contact your local papers if I don't hear back,” they threatened.
The superintendent immediately contacted their superiors. The Flagstaff crew was taken off active service until the allegations were investigated. That same day, Sophia Fong, a special agent with the U.S. Forest Service, was assigned to the case and sent a message to McCarthy at the gmail address they used to contact the superintendent. Fong stressed the Forest Service took the allegations seriously.
When Fong did not hear a reply within three days, the investigator followed up with another email. This time, however, the message bounced back as undeliverable. The account was no longer working. There was no such user, Google confirmed.
And there was no “Cathy McCarthy,” Fong soon established. The allegations of the firefighters having sex with a 15-year-old in Wyoming were also phony, Fong determined. Instead, both the name and email were part of a bizarre skein of threats, fake names and social media accounts allegedly controlled by Melissa Ann Santana, a married, 36-year-old on the interior-design faculty at Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Ariz., according to the criminal complaint.
The professor was arrested on Oct. 30 at the NAU campus on federal charges of stalking and making false statements. Federal prosecutors said Santana unleashed a merciless campaign of harassment and intimidation against at least six individuals, including three firefighters, their family members, and even a NAU student. They allegedly wielded as many as 19 fake social media accounts. The harassment reached such a fever pitch their alleged victims were not just deactivating their social media accounts but buying guns for protection and hiring extra security for a wedding.
Santana is in federal custody, and is scheduled to be arraigned on Nov. 29. “We will defend against these charges vigorously,” Santana's attorney, Stephen Wallin, told The Washington Post on Sunday.
Santana had worked at NAU since August 2012. Last year, Santana led nine students on the school's first study abroad trip to Cuba. “It's really cool going into a building from the 1800s and it's a restaurant or a hotel now,” Santana told the Arizona Daily Sun last year. “I love the concept of keeping old buildings with new uses. It keeps the cultural heritage with architecture.”
The Sun now reports they are no longer employed by the university.
During the investigation into the Sept. 29 allegations, the Forest Service investigator Fong stumbled upon three members of wildfire crews who had previous contact with Santana, an affidavit filed in federal court said. All are only identified by initials. All met them on Tinder, a dating app.
N.L., a member of the Flagstaff crew, admitted to recently ending a sexual relationship with Santana. The two were matched on Tinder in November 2015. Santana used the name”Ann” and stated they were “looking for friends for daytime fun.” They began exchanging messages and meeting up. N.L., however, “became increasingly uncomfortable with the relationship and ended it in June, 2016,” the affidavit said. Santana, however, “did not react well to the termination of the relationship,” and continued to message the firefighter.
That same month, N.L. was matched with another “Ann” on Twitter who was later determined to be Santana. They became insulting, telling N.L. “why not be like the granite mountain hotshots and go die in the fire, like the other dumba– losers there,” in reference to the 19 members of a firefighter crew killed in 2013.
N.L. also found, on separate occasions in August 2016, the back of their car spray-painted and an obscenity keyed into the car door. In addition, someone posted their phone number to the Las Vegas Craigslist's casual encounters section with a picture of a woman; N.L.'s phone was bombarded with 20 to 30 text messages and three to four calls from random “men looking to meet up for sex.” N.L. also continued to field angry messages from Santana, the affidavit said.
A second firefighter, S.M., also told Fong they were matched with a woman named “Amanda” via Tinder in September 2016, who made a big scene while they were eating with their crew at a restaurant. The woman, it turns out, was Santana, according to the affidavit.
Soon after, a supervisor on S.M.'s crew received a text message from a number they didn't know, asking the supervisor to have S.M. contact them “He won't return my phone calls, I'm pregnant, it's his,” the bogus message read. “He needs to take responsibility.” S.M. told their supervisor they did not know what the messenger was talking about. Fong traced the number back to Santana, according to court documents.
The investigator continued to find Santana's online fingerprints on other harassing aliases and online personalities.
M.G., a Northern Arizona University student, told Fong they received “harassing calls from various unknown numbers, emails and posts on their personal Facebook page and on the Yelp website,” the federal complaint said. “Some of the cyber harassment includes a ‘smear campaign' against him, such as posting falsely that they have STDs.” M.G. told the investigator they had met Santana in December 2014 and that the harassment “began about a week later.”
Like N.L. and S.M., a third crew member, K.T., was also match with an “Ann” in Flagstaff in August 2016. Before the two met, K.T. learned “Ann” was the same person harassing their co-worker, N.L., they broke off communication. But K.T. continued to receive harassing messages from users under different names, including: “Be a success like the granite guys and die at your next fire. “K.T.'s supervisor also received a random text from woman claiming they were pregnant with K.T.'s baby in September 2016.
A year later, K.T.'s fiance began getting Facebook messages from a woman claiming they were sleeping with K.T. That, too, was Santana, the affidavit said.
The investigator Fong also was contacted by the brother — C.S. — of a man who had connected with “Ann” on Tinder in January 2017. After the brother stood up their Tinder match on a date, they threatened to get revenge on the family. Sure enough, after C.S. and their wife lost a baby due to miscarriage, an unknown user posted on their wife's Instagram account: “I'm so happy your wife's disgusting body aborted that bastard child. You two are so superficial that you got exactly what you deserve. A dead baby.”
In the court affidavit, Forest Service investigator Fong described how through Facebook search warrants, comparing IP addresses, and pinging GPS coordinates, they were able to determine “all of the accounts” involved in the above situations “belong to Santana.”
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly noted the location of the Soberanes Fire. This post has been corrected.
More from Morning Mix:
Family sues after 5-year-old is crushed in rotating restaurant in Atlanta
Along the U.S. border with Mexico, a gate briefly opened and a couple wed
After border agent is killed and partner injured in Texas, Trump renews call for wall
JAIPUR: Gujarat IPS officer Sanjeev Bhatt , who has testified in the Supreme Court against chief minister Narendra Modi in 2002 communal riots case, has been accused by the lawyers' community in Rajasthan of falsely implicating their colleague in a narcotics case in 1996.Bhatt was chargesheeted by the Rajasthan police's crime branch before a trial court at Jodhpur on April 13, 2000. The IPS officer's appeal against the charges is pending before the Supreme Court, while the National Human Rights Commission found them guilty and ordered a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for the victim lawyer, Sumer Singh Rajpurohit. The compensation was paid to Pali-based Rajpurohit by the Gujarat government on January 25 this year.“The IPS officer who is projecting themselves as national hero (by deposing against Modi) these days is actually a key conspirator in several criminal cases, including the one against our colleague Rajpurohit,” former Pali MP and member of the Pali Bar Association , Pushp Kumar Jain alleged here on Tuesday.Speaking on behalf of the Bar association, Jain said that a former judge RR Jain was demoted by the Gujarat high court and later suspended. “Jain and Bhatt are friends and the duo jointly conspired against Rajpurohit,” alleged the former MP.According to Jain and other members of the Pali Bar association, Rajpurohit was a tenant of the then Gujarat high court judge Jain's sister Amribai, who owned a shop in Pali's Vardhman Market. “To get this shop vacated, the judge, their uncle Phootarmal and the IPS officer kidnapped and implicated Rajpurohit in April 1996,” said Pushp Kumar Jain.The former Pali MP, who belongs to the BJP, hit out at union home minister P Chidambaram too for praising Bhatt. “Chidambaram is well aware of this case, as they were counsel for the suspended judge Jain in the Supreme Court. The union home minister should step down for praising a criminal conspirator who facing several charges even Gujarat,” Pushp Kumar Jain alleged.
Telstar was a football made by Adidas . The 32-panel design of the ball, based on the work of Eigil Nielsen , has become iconic and is the standard design now used to portray a football in different media.
The Telstar satellite for which the ball was named
The ball was first introduced as the Telstar Elast for the 1968 European Football Championship.[1] A slightly different ball named Telstar used as the official match ball of the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.[2] The similar Telstar Durlast was one of two official balls, along with the Chile Durlast, of the 1974 FIFA World Cup held in West Germany.[2][3] The ball was also used in the 1972 and 1976 European Championships.
The Telstar was the first World Cup ball to use the now-familiar truncated icosahedron for its design, consisting of 12 black pentagonal and 20 white hexagonal panels.[2][3] The 32-panel configuration had been introduced in 1962 by Select artidSport,[4][5] and was also used in the official logo for the 1970 World Cup.[6] The black-and-white pattern, to aid visibility on black and white television broadcasts (colour television was still rare worldwide during this time), was also well established before the Telstar.[5][7] The name came from the Telstar communications satellite, which was roughly spherical and dotted with solar panels, somewhat similar in appearance to the football.[2] Developed by Bell Telephone Laboratories for AT&T, Telstar was the world's first active communications satellite [8] and was the first to send live television signals, telephone calls, and fax images through space, [9] which inaugurated an age of instant worldwide communications via satellite. [10]
The ball was made of leather.[2] The 1974 model's "Durlast" polyurethane coating provided waterproofing as well as protection from damage such as scuffs and tears.[11]
Only 20 Telstars were provided for the World Cup; an estimated 600,000 replicas were sold subsequently.[2] Some 1970 matches were played with a brown ball.[12] The 1974 Chile Durlast was all white.[3]
A new version of the Telstar, named Telstar 18, is the official match ball for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The design maintains the general pattern, except the corners of the pentagons are stretched into pixellated gradients.
Media playback is not supported on this device Is new concussion protocol good for rugby?
Barry O'Driscoll is looking forward to the weekend. The Cheshire-based doctor is heading to Dublin to attend a testimonial event for their nephew, Irish legend Brian O'Driscoll.
But Barry is also a troubled man.
For 15 years the former Ireland full-back has been one of rugby union's insiders, and as a respected expert they sat on the International Rugby Board (IRB) medical committee.
But they are now at loggerheads with the game they love over the issue of concussion, and has resigned in protest at the decision to trial a new protocol for dealing with head injuries, the Pitch-Side Concussion Assessment (PSCA).
Under the previous IRB approach, any player suspected of suffering from concussion had to leave the pitch and take a week off, a period already reduced from three weeks under an earlier rule. The new guidelines say a player can return to the game just five minutes after the injury, providing a medical inspection clears them of concussion.
"For someone with suspected concussion, all the top scientists say you take them off and watch them that night," says O'Driscoll, who played in the 1971 Five Nations Championship.
You would finish games and you wouldn't remember the score, or how you played Nic Berry Ex-rugby player
"If they incorporate the 'five-minute rule' I think you're putting people with brain damage back on the field, and the arena they're going back into is brutal.
"The game has changed since I played. It's now a big commercial sport, so what's important is to get the spectators in, get the television in. They love the big hits.
"The players have said 'well, we know we're guinea pigs, but that's the deal'. It's our job not to make them guinea pigs in an experiment like this."
According to Rugby Football Union data, concussion is the most common injury in the professional game, with 5.1 instances for every 1,000 hours of rugby played.
Players are now on average more than a stone heavier (7.2kg) than they were 20 years ago, and the force of their collisions can be the equivalent of what the body experiences in a car crash.
Until last year Nic Berry was one of O'Driscoll's "guinea pigs". A man who decided playing rugby for a living was worth the risk of occasionally getting their bell rung.
Except it was not occasionally. Two seasons ago they suffered nine concussions playing scrum-half for English Premiership team Wasps.
"I could take a knock, and know that I had taken a knock - I'd have blurred vision, and be a bit disorientated," says the 29-year-old Australian.
"But if you could keep up with play, you would probably continue. The bad ones you don't remember, though, you don't get up."
Berry was eventually forced to retire when they failed to get up from a tackle in Wasps' season-opener against Harlequins in front of 60,000 fans at Twickenham. They wanted to carry on but a neurologist refused to pass them fit.
"You would finish games and you wouldn't remember the score, or how you played," they add.
Media playback is not supported on this device Dr Barry O'Driscoll, a former Ireland international, says the IRB's concussion policy is 'confused'
"I knew it wasn't normal, but all my tests were saying I hadn't suffered any permanent damage yet, so I took confidence from that.
"But I look back now and it's plain to see, a bloke who can't stand up straight probably shouldn't be playing.
"I don't hold any resentment to those coaches, or the medical staff, they were following the protocol. And rugby players have got pressures like anyone else - families and mortgages. That probably led to a few instances when I shouldn't have played."
O'Driscoll understands this. They know these competitors do not want to leave the game, as was witnessed by millions when a groggy George Smith returned to field in the deciding Lions Test this summer, or when their nephew Brian got "dinged" and played on in the Six Nations against Italy.
Their anger is directed at the authorities. They believe the IRB's approach to concussion is, in keeping with the symptoms, "confused and contradictory".
"It gives everyone the impression they don't really know what they're doing. It's an awful message to send out to players and parents," they add.
Their prescription for rugby is to err on the side of caution: anyone suspected of concussion sits out for a mandatory week.
How the 'five-minute test' works A Pitch-Side Concussion Assessment can be asked for by a team doctor or referee if they suspect a player is concussed
The referee signals a PSCA has been requested via radio link and with three taps to their head
A substitute comes on while the PSCA takes place in pre-agreed place, usually a medical room
The injured player is assessed for symptoms, asked a series of questions - Where are we? What's the score? etc - and given a balance test similar to the ones in drink-driving cases
One failed question, four balance errors and the presence of one or more symptoms means the player is removed from game
For its part, the IRB says player welfare is a priority. It claims the PSCA is supported by experts and the players, and says it is working.
"Prior to the PSCA triage tool, players were being assessed on the field by team medics under considerable pressure in a match environment," an IRB spokesperson said.
"Data suggests that 56% of players with a post-match confirmed concussion returned to the field under the previous protocol. In the first year of the PSCA trial that figure has dropped to 13%."
The IRB also said referees have been asked to crack down on deliberate hits to the head, and an age-specific approach is being taken to when a player is ready to return. Younger, more vulnerable, players must sit out longer than a week.
O'Driscoll is not convinced. For him, if a player is injured enough to warrant a pitch-side assessment, they should be suspected of concussion and withdrawn. Five minutes is not long enough, they say, to assess the extent of any potential brain trauma.
Berry agrees, saying: "If a player can't walk off the field unassisted, they shouldn't be going back on in the next five minutes. I think that's crazy."
This will all sound very familiar to American ears.
Two decades ago, concussions were thought to be an inconvenience in the National Football League - as much of an occupational hazard as a groin strain or broken thumb.
NFL great Junior Seau shot themselves in the chest just two years after retiring from the sport, an autopsy found they had suffered from the chronic brain disease Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy
Even a spate of high-profile cases involving icons like Dallas Cowboys quarterback Troy Aikman prompted only a very measured response from gridiron's bosses. They set up the Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Committee and put an arthritis specialist in charge.
Nothing much changed for the next few years. Players got hurt, but most of them sniffed the smelling salts and got back out there; some campaigners raised concerns, but the NFL closed ranks.
And then, in 2002, a forensic neuropathologist called Dr Bennet Omalu took a closer look at the brain of deceased NFL star Mike Webster. What they found shocked him, eventually shocked the league and continues to shock America.
Webster had Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE), a degenerative brain disease that had previously only been associated with punch-drunk boxers.
Research has since found the condition in the brains of deceased soldiers, ice hockey players and wrestlers, but Webster was the NFL's first, and while nobody knows the precise cause of CTE, the constant between all recorded cases so far is a history of concussions, or repetitive sub-concussive head injuries.
We do not mislead our players, and we did not hide things from our players Roger Goodell NFL Commissioner
Webster was an offensive lineman, a man whose job it is to butt heads 1,000 times or more a season. So it is not just the obvious spark outs, and it is not just the games. It is estimated 60% of the NFL's concussions occur in practice.
The symptoms of CTE are terrifying for the afflicted and their families: aggression, dementia, memory loss, an inability to balance. Webster, a four-time Super Bowl winner, died at 50, in pain and confused, looked after by their teenage son.
What happened next has recently been laid bare in a remarkable documentary called "League of Denial: The NFL's Concussion Crisis".
Broadcast in the US on 8 October, the programme outlined another 10 years of mounting evidence, ruined lives, head-in-sand refusals to acknowledge the problem and eventually, at long last, an acceptance of the fact the NFL can and should do more to look after its own.
Two months ago, the NFL agreed a £477m settlement with up to 4,500 former players who had accused the league of misleading them on the dangers of head injuries.
The settlement, which covered compensation, check-ups and grants for research, was made on a no-fault basis. The players' case was not proven, and the NFL's defence that it had never knowingly placed anybody in danger was not challenged.
But the saga has taken some of the shine off the game: grassroots participation is down, politicians have likened the sport's tactics to those of the tobacco industry, and prominent commentators such as Malcolm Gladwell have compared the league's ethics to those of dog-fighting.
This was put to league boss Roger Goodell when they visited London last week.
"We do not mislead our players, and we did not hide things from our players," they said.
"What has happened is that you have seen an advance in medicine. We just know more about the brain now.
"The game isn't bad for you - there are injuries and you need to recover from them, it's like anything.
"What we're trying to do is lead a revolution and say there's a lot more we need to know. That's why we're working with General Electric, and pioneering research with the National Institutes of Health."
Media playback is not supported on this device Stuart Lancaster on concussion
Goodell, to be fair, has come a long way from their earlier scepticism of the scale of the problem.
In recent years they have made changes to the game's laws to reduce the likelihood of high-speed impacts, fined and suspended players guilty of violent play, invested in safety initiatives and funded research, much of it with those same campaigners who were at odds with the league for so long.
"Concussions are a global issue, they happen in every sport," Goodell added.
"We're no different, but we are under more scrutiny because of our popularity, and because we've said this is something we think we can make progress on."
They finished by saying the NFL was happy to share its research. Should rugby give them a call?
"We don't have the data on instances of CTE, or other neuro-degenerative disorders, in rugby players, but given that they are likely to suffer multiple concussions it seems reasonable to assume that they are at heightened risk," said Dr Adam Hampshire, a senior lecturer at London's Imperial College.
"These players are putting their bodies on the line for the sport, for their fans, and it looks like they are also putting their minds on the line as well. It behoves the research community to work out how we can minimise those risks."
O'Driscoll agrees with Hampshire on the probable risk, and the need for research.
"There's no proof in rugby yet. We haven't been able to do any autopsies or deep research, but it's the same trauma," they said.
"We have to presume it might be a problem."
Rugby responds to KO fears The "Use Your Head" awareness campaign is launched by the RFU and NHS Direct - posters and advice cards distributed via clubs and schools
A new initiative "HEADCASE" is launched in 2013 with in conjunction with brain injury campaigners and leading neurologists
The "Rugby Ready Course" is mandatory for all level one and two coaches - 230,000 participants since 2008
Level two coaching and referee courses include concussion prevention guidance
Annual reports on frequency of concussions in club rugby, and research on youth game
It has taken researchers in the US more than a decade to start building a compelling case that links head injuries in sport with serious brain diseases in later life. That work is in its infancy here, but Dr Willie Stewart, a Glasgow-based pathologist, has recently found a link between rugby players and early onset dementia.
And the fact Geoff Parling has been withdrawn from England's team to play Australia on Saturday because of a "mild concussion" suggests the message is getting through.
"While everything inside me as a coach was saying I need my experienced second row on the bench to help us close out the game, the medical information is that they need a mandatory six-day rest," said England head coach Stuart Lancaster on Thursday.
"You abide by the medical position - gone are the days when we can put player welfare at risk."
Just to emphasise this point, the RFU is hosting a Professional Rugby Concussion Forum at Twickenham next week, with representatives from the professional game and players' union attending.
The IRB is adamant it is not blind to what is happening across the Atlantic, but maintains the sports are different. Rugby players do not launch themselves at each other head-first, emboldened by the illusion of invulnerability that a helmet brings.
But the "big hit" culture of the modern game is forcing rugby's bosses, players and fans to confront head-on some very uncomfortable questions.
When John Lewis goes to the well of the House, as they did Tuesday, and scolds Republicans for blocking a tax cut, you know they've got a problem. “It is sinful. It is a disgrace. It is unforgivable. It is unbelievable,” the civil rights icon yelled at GOP members in the packed House chamber. “Where is your compassion? Where is your heart? Where is your soul?”
Lewis was one of dozens of Democrats who lashed out against the Republicans for their move to block the payroll tax-cut compromise forged last week by the Senate leaders, Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell, and passed by the upper chamber by a whopping 89 to 10. That bill would have extended the payroll tax rate at 4.2 percent, down from 6.2 percent, until February, as well as unemployment benefits and Medicare doctors' reimbursement rates, while the House and Senate find a way to strike a longer-term deal in the new year.
Republicans ended last week with 39 of their senators voting for the agreement, but began this week with House conservatives in open mutiny against it, uniformly panning it for causing uncertainty for businesses and doctors, and accusing Democrats of “kicking the can down the road” on Washington's tough decisions.
The can-kicking part is true enough. Democrats have been so unwilling to cut spending, or take the blame for increasing an already bloated federal budget, that they haven't passed a budget in nearly three years. Any mall shopper can tell you that stuffing your American Express bill in a drawer makes it seem like you've spent nothing at all, and Democratic senators know the feeling well.
But Republican finger-wagging over the uncertainty caused by the two-month fix was hard to square with the all-out chaos that followed House Speaker John Boehner's announcement Sunday that they and their people would not go along with the Senate bill after all, even though they told Reid and McConnell they would. Relieved senators had skipped town over the weekend with their bags packed for Christmas. As things stand now, they will return well after the payroll tax rate jumps back to its old level, doctors get paid 27 percent less for each Medicare patient they see, and people out of work more than 26 weeks realize they have no unemployment checks coming in January to help pay their bills.
What happened between Boehner's agreement to follow the Senate's lead and their tacit admission that their own caucus had overruled him? Aides and House members describe a now-infamous caucus conference call Saturday morning, when rank-and-file members blasted the Boehner-blessed deal, which they felt gave in on too many of their demands and delivered too little in return.
A closed door meeting Monday night revealed more doubts from conservatives over whether Boehner had pushed for the best deal they could have gotten and fueled Democratic frustration that Boehner, who they believe negotiated in good faith, simply cannot speak for their caucus anymore. The debacle capped a tumultuous year for the speaker, reigniting questions about how much longer they can lead the unwieldy GOP coalition, many of whose members clearly have no interest in following them where they want to go.
Publicly, Boehner and House Republicans presented a united front this week, blaming President Obama for shortening a tax cut they say they have wanted to pass all along. But Democrats blamed a group of Republicans they've dubbed “the kamikazes,” the GOP freshmen who arrived in January on a wave of Tea Party anger and have shown time and again that they are willing to blow up their careers and everything around them in service to their cause.
The kamikazes' casualty list this year is long. They blew up the debt-ceiling vote this summer, sparking a downgrade in the nation's credit rating. They blew up the appropriations process so thoroughly that routine spending votes morphed into philosophical standoffs that nearly locked down the federal government three times and required seven temporary funding patches just to keep the lights on. And this week, they managed to blow up not just a tax cut that nearly everyone in Washington agrees is a good idea, but also their party's hard-earned reputation for cutting taxes and, quite possibly, their chances at a long-term majority in the House and future control of the Senate.
Most Americans support cutting spending, cutting taxes, and shrinking deficits, all organizing principles of the Tea Party when the movement sent nearly 90 new members to populate the House GOP's ranks after the 2010 elections. But their decision again and again to stop a bill instead of modifying it, to reject a proposal instead of changing it, has put House Republicans in a suicide pact with themselves, tying Boehner's hands and then walking them and their entire caucus off a plank together.
Several of the freshmen complained last week that their basement-level poll numbers are the fault of their leadership, which they said has bungled their reform message and confused voters into thinking the change they're delivering isn't the change they wanted after all. Gallup's latest poll shows the current Congress, including the Republican-led House, with 11 percent approval, the lowest rating since the organization began asking the question decades ago.
One of those frustrated freshmen, Rep. Allen West, complained that the GOP has failed to match the power of Obama's built-in bully pulpit, which West said has convinced Americans that the only people in evil-doing Washington at all are House Republicans.
But West went on to illustrate why Boehner is having a hard time accentuating the positive, praising Obama's “propaganda machine” as one that would make Joseph Goebbels proud. West caught himself, of course, and went to some effort with reporters to walk back their comments connecting the Democrats to Nazis. But not very much. “I'm talking about propaganda. So please. I'll be prepared to wake up tomorrow and you guys make up some crazy story. Whatever,” West said.
After the House voted Tuesday to create a conference committee with the Senate to find another compromise on the payroll tax cut package, Reid said he'd already found a Republican compromise—with Mitch McConnell—and voted on it last week. Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said they had no intention of appointing members to a conference committee that should not exist, and House Republicans, after complaining bitterly this week that the Senate had skipped town before finalizing the tax cut, held a press conference and started to leave town themselves, promising to come back to Washington if necessary, but getting out of Dodge in the meantime.
As lawmakers left the presser and piled into their individual getaway cars trying to escape the Capitol at plane-catching pace, the mass dash for the exits left Republican lawmakers snarled in afternoon gridlock, going nowhere fast, on Independence Avenue.
Speed, prior to this update, was not incredibly precise (hence the grouping of units of close Speed characters into a Tier).
Speed is now very precise and 1 point of Speed over another character guarantees the initial turn order.
Only in the case of an exact tie is it a coin toss.
Balance changes will happen. Some popular, some not. It's a double-edged sword where one side of the fence is pleased and the other is upset.
Going forward, if we make a targeted change like this, we will aim to detail out the full and complete change to all statistics. This was our mistake and we own up to that. It was not intended to be a stealth nerf.
We're going to let all of their balance changes remain as they exist today but will keep a close eye on how he's performing and address accordingly.
-23 Strength
+15 Agility
-7 Intelligence
-1 Speed
-444 Health
+5% Health Steal
-15% Tenacity
+31 Physical Damage
+9 Armor
+6 Physical Critical Rating
-29 Special Damage
Speed and how this version has affected it across the board:Poe Dameron's balancing changes were made by changing equipment pieces at Gear Lvl II and Gear Lvl III. This was done to avoid as much disruption as possible for players working toward completion of higher Gear Lvls. We aim to make targeted changes such as this as to not directly change the statistics of Gear items as that affects numerous characters who share it.Due to this targeted approach, the goal was to address their high amount of Tenacity, additional stats were affected – both positively and negatively. These totals are provided at the end of this post.We value the developer and community relationship but mistakes will happen on both sides when it comes to communication. We're in this together to make Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes the best game it can be.With that said, the following are all very important aspects to developing the game:Due to the missed communication of Poe, here's what we're doing:The following statistics breakdown is the entirety of changes that affected Poe Dameron at level 70 and their absolute maximum gear level:
While the relationship between the Philippines and the United States has taken a turn for the worse, America's designated ambassador to Manila is “excited” to come and work towards maintaining strong ties between the two longtime allies.
The United States' Ambassador-designate to the Philippines Sung Kim is set to arrive within the month or in early December to start their tour of duty in Manila, coming at a time of a pivotal shift in Philippine policy towards its former colonizer.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Ambassador-designate Kim is extremely excited to be coming here. And of course, needless to say, we've been working with him, sending them information, advising them who to meet with,” US Chargé d'Affaires Michael Klecheski told reporters on Wednesday, as the Embassy hosted an election watch party.
“I mean this is something that is done with every ambassador throughout the world. And he's really excited, very much excited to be here,” they said.
They said Kim's arrival date has yet to be fixed, “but it will be quite soon.”
Kim, an American-Korean career foreign service officer, will come to the Philippines in place of former envoy Philip Goldberg, whose last few months in Manila was marked by President Duterte's tirades against them and US President Barack Obama.
In brash language laced with expletives, Mr. Duterte has expressed hurt for criticism that Obama and other US officials have issued against their war on drugs. They have also showed displeasure at what they describe to be America's low regard for the Philippines, vowing to deviate the country's foreign policy direction away from its traditionally close partnership with the United States.
Asked if they expect a tough time for Kim to adjust given Mr. Duterte's acerbic stance towards the United States, Klecheski did not give a direct response but said: “Our new ambassador-designate, he's very excited and he's really looking forward to strong relations.”
They said it was not deliberate that Kim, an American-Korean career foreign service officer, was chosen to handle the Philippine posting.
“That decision was made quite a few months ago. It really is not a deliberate decision,” Klecheski said.
They said the same of whoever becomes the new American president.
ADVERTISEMENT
“All I can say is… from our perspective, a good relationship with the Philippines is something that is absolutely of prime importance to us, and that's a priority,” Klecheski said.
“And I think I can say with confidence that whoever our president will be will obviously consider that of great importance for all the reasons that I said earlier,” the diplomat said in an interview just as the world awaited US election results.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
A new California law prohibits compliance with federal requests for data if state officials have "actual knowledge" the collection would be illegal. iStockPhoto
California Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed a bill prohibiting the state from supplying “material support, participation, or assistance” in response to certain federal requests for metadata and electronic communications.
The so-called Fourth Amendment Protection Act, introduced with bipartisan sponsorship in January to combat National Security Agency surveillance programs, was heavily revised in the state legislature, limiting its punch.
The new law prohibits the state from helping federal authorities acquire “electronically stored information or metadata of any person if the state has actual knowledge that the request constitutes an illegal or unconstitutional collection.”
Brown, a Democrat, did not issue a signing statement and their office did not immediately provide comment. The final version of the bill passed both chambers of the legislature without opposition in August after an earlier version won near-unanimous approval in the state Senate in May.
State Sens. Joel Anderson, a Republican, and Ted Lieu, a Democrat, introduced the bill following exiled whistleblower Edward Snowden's revelation of massive phone and Internet surveillance programs.
The bill as originally drafted sought to ban state assistance of any form to federal agencies that claim the power to collect electronic data or metadata without individualized warrants. That prohibition would have conceivably denied water and electricity to NSA facilities – though California is not currently believed to host any – and scuttled research partnerships between the NSA and state universities. The initial wording would also have denied state funds to companies working with the NSA.
“We're trying to use the 10th Amendment to enforce the Fourth Amendment,” Anderson told U.S. News in May. “I can't imagine they would want to locate here in California, we have not given them a warm welcome.”
The bill was modeled on draft legislation from the Tenth Amendment Center, a leading member of the OffNow coalition, which seeks to cut off public utilities to the NSA's massive Utah Data Center and the agency's Fort Meade, Maryland, headquarters via state legislation. Such legislation did not pass this year in either state.
Though the California bill was significantly altered before becoming law, its sponsors hailed it as a step forward.
“I commend Gov. Brown for recognizing that the National Security Agency's massive and indiscriminate collecting of phone and electronic data on all Americans, including more than 38 million Californians, is a threat to our liberty and freedom,” Lieu said in a statement. “We can only hope the feds halt this illegal and unconstitutional practice nationally.”
Anderson spokesperson Carlisle Engelhardt says the law notably will restrict federal access to state-held voter and driver records.
Tenth Amendment Center spokesperson Mike Maharrey says although the law is unlikely to significantly undermine NSA surveillance or the agency itself, it's “something we can build on.”
Editorial Cartoons on the NSA View All 107 Images
“The final version of the bill sets a pretty high threshold before it actually requires state action,” Maharrey says, “[but] I think we know where the opposition is coming from and we can overcome it [in the next legislative session].”
Other bills recently signed by Brown impose a ban on single-use plastic grocery bags and require colleges to adopt an affirmative consent standard for sexual conduct among students. Brown vetoed a bill that would have required warrants for drone surveillance.
The recent Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage makes it seem as if marriage equality has finally come to the U.S. But that is not actually accurate. The celebration is great step forward, but in truth, there's more work to do if we as a nation want to truly recognize and celebrate the diversity of love, relationships and family.
For example, polyamory. Polyamorous partners do not have the privilege of legal marriage. What's worse, many are closeted for fear of discrimination in housing, employment and child custody. Prominent organizations such as the National Coalition for Sexual Freedom (NCSF) have brought attention to how polyamorists and other ethically non-monogamous people are targets for discrimination in the same way that LGBTQ folks have been. See here.
The ironic thing is, there would be no big deal about a person who just happened to be sleeping with more than one lover. But call it polyamory -- in other words, a public, ethical stance about loving more than one partner with honesty and integrity -- and that seems intolerable to so many. Currently, polyamorous people do not have equal protection under the law, because anything other than monogamy is seen as a fringe/freakish/immoral lifestyle choice and not as a valid sexual or relationship orientation.
I interviewed author and poly advocate Dr. Anya Trahan about the Supreme Court Decision, and what they see as the way forward for those who embrace ethical loving with multiple partners.
Question: Do you think polyamory is a sexual orientation? Is it a choice or is it inborn?
Trahan: One of the great things about being human is the ability to choose the language and the labels that best articulate our values. I have heard many polys say that their way of living is a sexual orientation. That is a totally valid label, and I support anyone who wishes to use it. And, it may even be that from a legal standpoint, embracing the label of sexual orientation to describe polyamory may help prevent discrimination in the future -- because it is already commonly understood that to discriminate based on one's sexual orientation is not only wrong, but illegal.
The way I personally think of polyamory is as a relationship orientation. In my work as a relationship coach, I have found that a surprising number of my clients consider themselves "partners" or "family" with those whom there is no sexual interaction. In other words, polyamory seems to be more about coming together for the purposes of co-creating a life together, a support system, based on mutually shared values and philosophies. Responsible sexual expression may be enjoyed, of course, but that is not necessarily a prerequisite to form loving, intense, committed connections.
Question: You are a public figure, an author and a spokesperson for polyamory. Have you suffered any negative consequences?
Trahan: When I first came out as poly back in 2012, I lost a number of close friends. Members of my biological family reacted with open hostility and judgment, resulting in a period of estrangement. Since my book about polyamory, Opening Love has been published this year, I have been fired from two jobs. I have no desire to bring this to the courts (legal battles are, for me, not a good use of my energy), although I know that I would have at least a small shot at winning a discrimination case, because one of the organizations stated openly in writing that the reason I was being fired was for being openly polyamorous. In theory, I could sue on the grounds of sexual discrimination.
Although my personal experience with getting fired was difficult indeed, what is really difficult is when it comes to family discrimination cases. My heart goes out to those involved in the numerous child custody cases that have happened in this country in the past few decades. In many of these cases, wealthy grandparents or an ex-spouse with a bone to pick will target the poly parent. Because the poly parent often lacks the sufficient resources needed to fight an expensive legal battle, and also because family courts are poorly educated on polyamory, most cases result in the poly parent losing custody. To the best of my knowledge, there has only been one state, Pennsylvania, who has set any precedent for protecting poly parents in custody cases.
Question: The polyamory movement questions the idea that a romantic, intimate and/or sexual partnership should be between only two people. What is your definition of marriage?
Trahan: A marriage is an intimate union. It is a deep connection. It is a promise to love and respect. This union is a beautiful expression of care, of the highest ideals for building a supportive community. Such a union need not be based upon the gender or number of people involved.
Some poly advocates rally for marriage rights. Others suggest that the current legal framework for marriage should be dissolved altogether and what should take its place is a contract system, whereby many rights that currently accrue to marriage would automatically accrue to all citizens, and those citizens would then be able to design their own families of choice by legal contracts.
I am not a legal expert, and I do not know what the next steps should be, in terms of the marriage issue. But I do know this: As long as human beings are living in the sort of cultural paradigm that includes laws and legal codes that enforce certain ways of behaving, I think it makes sense to offer legal protection against harassment and discrimination for consenting adults who choose to create partnerships and families of more than two adults. This protection would include not just polyamorous relationships but also lesbian mothers and their sperm donor, gay fathers and their surrogate, polygamy (one male, multiple females), polygyny (one female, multiple males), and other versions of loving relationships. There are so many ways to enjoy intimacy, connection and support between consenting adults, and the freedom of choice must not be denied us. "Relationship orientation" needs to be a protected category under the law, too.
Question: In your view, how might legalizing polyamorous marriage improve society?
Trahan: The family is the basic blueprint for humanity as a whole. What happens in the internal family is reflected in the larger external world. What appears possible or impossible for the family is, likewise, reflected in that external world. I think if we can offer additional options to people, such as polyamory, people will feel a sense of empowerment to express their potential in ways that will bring great joy and a relief of suffering.
Polyamory provides more flexibility in terms of the kind of care that can be offered. Multiple adults coming together to pool money, information, resources, wisdom, affection and time can be a deeply supportive way of life. The efficiency of polyamorous families is often much higher than in monogamous ones. Children can benefit from having additional adults around to pitch in; indeed, the stress, strain and tension so common in nuclear families can be lessened.
What many traditionalists don't realize is that from a global and historical perspective, the concept of the two-parent nuclear family in an isolated residence is rather new. And, although this at first appears counterintuitive, one big advantage that a poly family has over a monogamous one is stability -- because, with more than two adults, if an individual adult member decides to leave, the family will persist in more or less the same form. If, for example, you have four parents living under the same roof and one leaves, it is not quite the same catastrophic situation as when divorce happens between two monogamous parents. If that one partner departs, then the three remaining parents will continue their parenting duties and the children will probably not have to relocate or undergo harrowing child custody situations. There are so many benefits of raising children in the poly lovestyle, which have been well documented by researcher Elisabeth Sheff
(See Elisabeth Sheff and their book).
In our society, there is a very narrow view of what "family" is, and as a result, groups of loving people who want to live together often run into legal trouble due to zoning laws that protect outmoded concepts of economic scarcity and the supposed superiority of the nuclear family model. (See here
Question: What support is available for people who have lost their jobs or who face child custody crises as a result of polyamory discrimination?
Trahan: Contact Loving More, the nation's leading advocacy organization for polyamory and relationship choice. Also contact The National Coalition for Sexual Freedom (NCSF). After I was fired as a result of being openly poly, these two organizations were invaluable to me, providing me with honest advice, legal facts, as well as much-needed emotional support.
Dr. Anya Trahan is the author of Opening Love: Intentional Relationships & the Evolution of Consciousness. They offer relationship coaching sessions via phone or Skype. Learn more at DrAnya.net
When we brought news of the Stage Rack, a dock for raw SATA hard drives, you were pleased. But where the Stage Rack only offered a lone USB connection and compatibility with 2.5" and 3.5" SATA drives, Brando's take on the same concept is a lot more accommodating, and costs only a few bucks more.
As well as being able to slot a bare hard drive straight in, the Multi-Function Dock is also a four slot card reader (for just about any format going) and a two-port USB hub. It even has an eSATA-out port, so you could wire this directly into the nervous system of your computer, or maybe the back of your own brain.
In common with the Stage Rack, the dock requires you to pay a ridiculous $25 shipping charge, bring the price up to $80. But for its utility, and for the fact that this will de-clutter your embarrassingly messy desk, it might be worth it.
Product page [Brando via BBGadgets]
Accusations in the Central African Republic are latest in series of sex abuse scandals that have rocked peacekeeping force
(Adds MINUSCA statement)
By Tom Esslemont
BANGUI, Central African Republic, Nov 11 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - United Nation's peacekeepers in the Central African Republic were hit on Wednesday with fresh accusations of sex abuses uncovered by a Thomson Reuters Foundation investigation amid growing concern about a failure to combat sexual misconduct.
Three teenage girls displaced from their homes by fighting in the strife-torn country told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that they had sex with Congolese peacekeepers over several weeks, resulting in at least two pregnancies.
The girls, aged between 14 and 17, live in temporary straw shelters in camps for internally displaced people (IDPs) close to where over 500 U.N. peacekeepers, mainly from Democratic Republic of Congo, Bangladesh and Cameroon are posted.
The minimum age of sexual consent in the Central African Republic is 18. Sexual relations between peacekeepers and civilians are banned under U.N. protocol.
The accusations are the latest in a series of allegations against the 11,000-strong force known as MINUSCA, which has been operational in the country since April 2014.
The peacekeeping force, whose mandate refers to "specific protection for women and children", became mired in a series of sex abuse scandals earlier this year with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon vowing to crackdown on sexual abuse.
One of the girls who spoke to the Thomson Reuters Foundation said they were 14 years old. They have given birth to a baby since their relationship with a Congolese soldier began.
Another girl, aged 17, who is now seven months pregnant, said the peacekeeper used to come regularly.
"He used to give me money, but they have not been to see me recently," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an interview in the thatched wooden shelter where they now lives.
PROMISES TO INVESTIGATE
These girls and a number of other women spoke to the Thomson Reuters Foundation this week after eyewitnesses said they saw peacekeepers entering the camps in Bambari, 380 km (235 miles)northeast of the capital Bangui.
In April this year it was revealed that soldiers from Democratic Republic of Congo and other contributing countries, including Equatorial Guinea and Chad, together with French forces, had assaulted several children over a six month period.
The scandals escalated and prompted the U.N. in August to replace the head of the U.N. stabilisation force in the Central African Republic, Senegal's Babacar Gaye, with Gabonese diplomat Parfait Onanga-Anyanga.
But the allegations of sexual misconduct have not stopped.
In September the United Nations said it had received a new allegation of sexual abuse against a U.N. peacekeeper in the Central African Republic.
Presented with the Thomson Reuters Foundation's findings on Wednesday, Diane Corner, Deputy Special Representative to the Secretary General in Bangui said the allegations of under-age sex would be thoroughly investigated.
"This is completely unacceptable behaviour by MINUSCA peacekeepers," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation at the mission's headquarters in Bangui.
They added that MINUSCA would treat the cases as allegations until it had established firmer details.
From the United Nations in New York, MINUSCA said in a draft of a statement that it would dispatch a multifunctional team to Bambari to gather facts and take immediate preventive and disciplinary measures as well as corrective action against misconduct.
Onanga-Anyanga said "any single incident of abuse was utterly abhorrent" and expressed sadness that such reports continue to emerge despite MINUSCA's transparency and zero tolerance policies and efforts to prevent such misconduct, the statement said.
Aside from those revealed by the Thomson Reuters Foundation, Corner said they were now aware of 18 cases of sexual abuse by U.N. peacekeepers in the 18 months since its mandate came into force, nine of which involved children.
MINUSCA was set up to help stabilise Central African Republic after it was plunged into turmoil in early 2013 when Muslim rebels from a group called Seleka seized power in the majority-Christian country, provoked a violent backlash.
Seleka handed power to a transitional government in 2014 under international pressure and the country is due to hold presidential and parliamentary elections on Dec. 13 after violence postponed planned October votes.
(Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Story highlights NASCAR racer Danica Patrick says "gender doesn't matter"
Patrick said they enjoy pressure-filled moments
Patrick is the first woman to win a pole in NASCAR's top division
Jeff Gordon will start on the outside of the front row
They say they were brought up to be the fastest driver, not the fastest girl.
None of the boys were faster on Sunday.
Danica Patrick became the first woman to win the pole position for the Daytona 500, considered the Super Bowl of NASCAR, posting a lap of 196.434 mph.
She'll start next Sunday's "Great American Race" in the front row, on the inside part of the track. The polesitter begins the race with certain strategic advantages as well as the prestige of leading an elite pack.
Becoming the first woman to win a pole at any NASCAR top-division race is another milestone for a racer known for breaking barriers.
"I've heard stories about a kid, a boy or a girl, saying, 'But mommy, daddy. That's a girl that's out there racing.' And then they can have that conversation to say, 'You can do anything you want to do and gender doesn't matter.' Your passion is what matters. And that's cool," Patrick told CNN's Don Lemon on Sunday.
"When the pressure is on and when the spotlight is on, they ultimately become some of my better moments," they said earlier.
Patrick, who was the favorite to win the pole, said they felt some nerves because of the high expectations.
JUST WATCHED Racing pioneer's advice for Danica Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Racing pioneer's advice for Danica 01:19
JUST WATCHED Danica Patrick revs up new video game Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Danica Patrick revs up new video game 01:51
JUST WATCHED Danica Patrick enters world of NASCAR Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Danica Patrick enters world of NASCAR 02:47
"I feel more nervous when there is more on the line," they said. "It was, 'Just don't make a stupid mistake.'"
They said that driving a qualifying lap at Daytona, where drivers shift gears three times then run the engine pretty much wide open, was 90% crew preparation and 10% driver.
Not so, said their crew chief, Tony Gibson, who said it's an even split.
"I'm proud of them They didn't falter," they said.
They will start their No. 10 GODADDY Chevrolet in the front row next week alongside Jeff Gordon, who ran a lap at the 2.5-mile Daytona International Speedway at 196.292 mph in their No. 24 Drive to End Hunger Chevrolet.
"She runs so smooth, keeps such a smooth line and that's what you have to do to carry speed here," co-car owner and fellow driver Tony Stewart said.
A pole position does not guarantee success.
Only nine of the pole winners in the first 54 Daytona 500s won the race and no one has earned both victories since Dale Jarrett in 2000, NASCAR spokesperson Scott Warfield said.
The rest of the field will be set in two qualifying races scheduled for Thursday.
Patrick and Gordon are guaranteed two of the 43 slots in the final lineup. But they go to the back of the pack if they wreck their cars in the qualifiers, or at any time before Sunday's race, and have to switch to a backup car, Warfield said.
Patrick, 30, is in their first full year as a NASCAR Sprint Cup driver. Last year they made 10 Sprint Cup starts, qualifying no better than 23rd.
NASCAR says Patrick still qualifies as a rookie for the 2013 season and she's the first rookie to win the Daytona 500 pole since Jimmie Johnson in 2002.
Before racing stock cars, Patrick raced open-wheel IndyCars for several years.
Patrick said winning a pole position in Kansas in 2005 was one of their top moments as an IndyCar driver. They also are the first woman to win a race in that series, in Japan in 2008, and was the first woman to ever lead a lap at the famed Indianapolis 500.
Patrick won a pole last year at Daytona in the Nationwide Series, NASCAR's second division. They finished 38th in that race and in the Daytona 500 and they said on Sunday that they plan on competing in both races again next weekend.
Janet Guthrie previously held both the records for qualifying by a female driver. They qualified ninth for two races in 1977 and their best Daytona starting position was 18th in 1980.
"This is great from the sport and the rest of us will benefit from it," they said. "I'm proud to sit on the front row with her."
They also said that the wait to see if they had won the pole was made more agonizing because they had gone to work out as other drivers went one by one, trying to best their top lap.
Patrick told CNN that understanding the scope of their achievement "is something that happens down the road. In the moment, it's about thinking what I need to do for next Sunday and trying to make some more history."
With the announcement of the LG G Flex 2 at the LG Press Conference, we finally saw the launch of a device with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 SoC. While the SoC is one notable improvement from the previous G Flex, we see a great deal of improvement in almost all areas. One of the most immediate improvements is the new OLED display when compared against the previous G Flex. There are a great deal of other improvements, which can be seen in the spec sheet below.
LG G Flex 2 SoC MSM8994 2.0/1.5 GHz 4x A57/ 4x A53 Snapdragon 810 RAM/NAND 2/3 GB LPDDR4, 16/32GB NAND + microSD Display 5.5” 1080p LG P-OLED Network 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Qualcomm UE Category 9 LTE) Dimensions 149.1 x 75.3 x 7.1-9.4mm, 152 grams Camera 13MP rear camera, 1.12 µm pixels, 1/3.06" CMOS size, F/2.4. 2.1MP F/2.0 FFC Battery 3000 mAh (11.4 Whr) OS Android 5.0 with LG UI Connectivity 802.11a/b/g/n/ac + BT 4.1, USB2.0, GPS/GNSS, Slimport, NFC SIM Size MicroSIM
As one can see, while there are a lot of elements shared with the LG G3, there are a number of areas where we see notable improvements that differentiate the G Flex 2 from the G3. The size of the phone has also decreased, as LG claims that people didn't like the sheer size of the previous LG G Flex.
LG has also changed the design of the G Flex 2 to be more similar to the LG G3 with its brushed metal finish, although the self-healing polymer dictated a glossy finish with a brushed design beneath the finish. The self-healing polymer itself has been notably improved, healing over seconds instead of minutes like the original LG G Flex. LG has also introduced Dura-Guard glass, which is said to improve drop resistance when compared to Corning Gorilla Glass.
In practice, this combines to make the LG G Flex 2 into a rather interesting phone. Unfortunately, it seems that all of the phones available for demonstration were running non-final software. This meant that it wasn't possible for us to properly benchmark the device, and there seemed to be more lag in the UI than the LG G3 or Nexus 5. In addition, these demo phones were running in poor conditions for benchmarks, as maximum brightness was constantly reduced due to thermal throttling.
Despite these issues, the G Flex 2 was still an interesting device to try. While I haven't used the original LG G Flex extensively, I noticed that the 1080p display on the G Flex 2 behaved differently from the 1080p display on the Galaxy S5. Although the G Flex 2 doesn't have the odd ghosting effects present on the Galaxy S5, the G Flex 2 does have noticeable mura or some sort of texture to the display. Given the demo conditions, it's difficult to discern whether or not the display is RGB stripe or some form of PenTile.
Outside of the display, the UI brought our first experiences with LG's UI when layered on top of Android 5.0. Unfortunately, the UI seems to be quite similar to the G3's UI on Android 4.4, even though there are noticeable changes in areas like the notification drawer and multitasking menu. It may be that we will be left waiting until the LG G4 to see a redesign of the UI to fit with the new design guidelines. At any rate, the camera remains identical to the LG G3, with the same Sony IMX135 sensor, optics, laser AF, and OIS+. The UI remains largely similar here as well, and it seems that there remains a noticeable amount of shutter lag similar to the LG G3. On the bright side, the G Flex 2's camera remains quick to focus and the OIS is incredibly stable when compared to most solutions I've tried. Overall, despite some issues the LG G Flex 2 seems to be a promising device.
We all are very familiar with the effects of cannabinoid receptor stimulation on the body. Relaxation, pain relief, and increased appetite probably come first to mind. These psychoactive effects result from activation of the CB1 receptor found on cells in the brain by tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
But there is another receptor, called CB2, that can bind THC and other natural ligands for the cannabinoid receptor. The CB2 receptor is found on cells comprising the immune system and have a multitude of anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects upon activation. In most cases, immunosuppressive effects are undesirable, but sometimes that can be beneficial. Today's article is an example.
New research from the lab of Dr. Guy Cabral at Virginia Commonwealth University shows that stimulation of the CB2 receptor on macrophages inhibits migration of healthy immune cells towards the HIV Tat protein. Tat is an essential viral regulatory protein used by HIV to stimulate inflammatory responses and wreak havoc in the body. Tat protein looks suspiciously like some of our own chemokine proteins and can bind to a variety of receptors on immune cells causing activation of cascades that lead to migration of uninfected macrophages towards the HIV infected cells.
The paper by Erinn S. Raborn and Guy A. Cabral, published in the January 2010 issue of the Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics is titled: Cannabinoid Inhibition of Macrophage Migration to the Tat Protein of HIV-1 is Linked to the CB2 Cannabinoid Receptor. The authors used a macrophage cell line in a migration model system to demonstrate very specifically that when the CB2 receptor is stimulated, macrophages no longer respond to the Tat protein. The chemoattractant effects are abolished.
Here is an summary of their work.
Introduction:
Macrophages are the primary target for HIV infection and once infected, cells begin producing viral Tat (trans activating factor) protein and GP120 protein in addition to stimulating the production of cellular cytokines and chemokines that induce changes in the immunoregulation of the host. The HIV Tat protein has an additional role of acting as a potent chemoattractant for monocytes, thus contributing to the spread of infected cells.
Most drugs of abuse (opiates, cocaine, amphetamines and cannabinoids) have an adverse effect on immunity, increasing susceptibility to infection. The cannabinoids in particular have been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, downregulating some of the chemokines and cytokines involved in stimulating macrophage to migrate to infections and inhibiting macrophage function. Cannabinoids have also been shown to down-regulate the expression of chemokine receptors, notably CCR5, one of the co-receptors used for HIV entry into cells. Thus, a link between the potential anti-HIV effects of the CB2 cannabinoid receptor has been established.
The purpose of this study was to determine whether cannabinoids exert any effect on the chemoattractant properties of Tat in macrophages. In the presence of cannabinoid agonists delta-9- tetrahydrocannabinol and CP55940, human macrophage-like cells (U937 cells) were inhibited from migrating towards Tat protein and this effect was due specifically to CB2. The results show a clear link between CB2 and the ability of macrophages to respond to the HIV protein in a cell culture system. This work provides the basis for a novel therapeutic target for preventing or reducing HIV associated immunopathology and dissemination in vivo.
Materials and methods:
Cells: The human leukemic monocyte cell line U-937 was used.
Drugs: CB1 and CB2 receptor agonists used were: THC and CP55940. The CB2 specific agonist was O-2137-2 and the CB1 specific agonist was ACEA. The CB1 and CB2 receptor antagonists were SR141716 (SR1) and SR144528 (SR2), respectively. The full names of the drugs and the Ki information is described in the paper.
Tat: Recombinant human HIV Tat protein was obtained from Immunodiagnostics, Inc.
Cell Migration Assay: 35 mm tissue culture plates with upper and lower compartments separated by a polycarbonate 8 micron pore membrane were used. Drug treated or control treated U937 cells were incubated on the top chamber and Tat protein or serum-free media plus vehicle was in the bottom chamber. Migration of cells to the bottom chamber was visualized with an Olympus CK2 inverted microscope connected to a digital video camera. The number of cells were manually enumerated. A greater than 2-fold increase in the number of cells in the presence of chemoattractant compared to no Tat was a positive response. The EC 50 or inhibitory concentration was the concentration of cannabinoid that results in a 50% reduction in macrophage migration.
Knockdown of CB2 expression using siRNA and RT-qPCR: siRNA for the CB2 receptor was used for transient transfection of cells and knock-down shown using Western blot analysis. SYBR Green was used for qPCR analysis after reverse transcription of RNA, qPCR was performed using the SmartCycler. Full details of the experimental design for qPCR and transfection are provided in the paper.
Results:
To begin, the authors first confirmed the expression of the CB2 receptor in U937 cells, both on the RNA and protein level. The CB1 receptor, typically expressed in cells of the brain, was not found in U937 cells using RT-qPCR. Their second set of confirmatory experiments proved that the U937 cells would migrate in response to Tat protein as has been previously described for human monocytes in blood. The migratory response was maximum at 50 nM Tat and so the authors used this concentration for their studies.
The next experiments looked at the migration of macrophages in the presence of the different drugs. All results were compared to vehicle controls (ethanol was used to dilute the drugs). Using vehicle alone with Tat protein in the bottom compartment, migration was the same as with no vehicle. When cells were treated with THC, however, migration of macrophage was inhibited by 50%. And using the agonist CP55940, migration was inhibited by 58%. Using the CB2 receptor specific agonist, the same effect of >50% inhibition was observed, however, but not suprisingly, using a CB1 receptor agonist, ACEA, had no effect on migration.
These results clearly indicate that the CB2 receptor on the human macrophage-like U937 cells plays a role in migration in the presence of the HIV Tat protein and this effect can be blocked when the receptor is activated.
To confirm the effect of migration was due to the CB2 receptor, the receptor antagonists were used to demonstrate that when signalling through the receptor is blocked, the effect is reversed. The antagonist will bind the receptor but not activate the signalling cascade in the cell, thus blocking it from being activated by the ligand CP55940. Using the CB2 specific antagonist SR2 alone, migration in the presence of Tat is the same as controls- it is not inhibited. When CP55940 is combined with the SR2 compound, inhibition of migration is reversed. SR2 prevents the protective anti-migration effect of CP55940.
To further prove the role of CB2 in this effect, siRNA mediated CB2 knockout cells were employed in the cell migration assay. The authors confirmed that neither the transfection reagent nor the siRNA itself had any effect on cell migration. Using the CB2 knockout cells in the presence of THC, migration was observed similarly to untreated cells. This is consistent with the results of blocking the CB2 receptor with antagonist. The CB2 receptor was not available for activation by the THC and thus no protective anti-migration effect was observed.
Discussion:
Chemokines are cytokines that function by directing the flow of inflammatory cells to sites of injury or infection in the body. HIV uses our immune system cascade meant to protect us for its own benefit, by producing the viral Tat protein to bind the receptors meant for chemokines and stimulate the migration of more healthy macrophages to the HIV infected cells, increasing their opportunity to spread. The stimulation of chemokines also increases the number of receptors on the surface, making it easier for HIV to infect new cells.
The ability to slow down the migration of healthy cells towards HIV infected cells and to down regulate the expression of chemokine receptors would slow the progression of HIV associated disease. In this paper, the authors demonstrate a connection between the cannabinoid receptor on immune cells, CB2, and the migration of macrophages towards Hiv Tat protein. When the CB2 receptor is stimulated with an agonist, migration is inhibited. Whether this is due to down regulation of the chemokine receptors used for binding or due to down regulation of chemokines from CB2 activated cells has yet to be determined.
But the fact remains that the cannabinoid receptor CB2 may be a therapeutic target for preventing hyperactivation of the immune system by HIV and potentially, in the future, to help stop widespread infection.
Final note:
I found this paper to be an exciting advance in the fields of HIV and drugs of abuse. A therapy involving cannabinoids would be far less toxic than current drugs used to stop the progression of HIV. With all the ways HIV has found to use our own immune system against us to survive, an approach that counteracts HIV by taking back control of the immune system could be far more effective than developing toxic drugs that target HIV directly or using cytokines that further activate a tired immune system.
A warning buoy sits on the drying bed of Folsom Lake, near Folsom, Calif., Nov. 17, 2014. (Photo11: Rich Pedroncelli, AP)
As California's epic drought continues with no end in sight, it is setting off new alarms about unprecedented water shortages, increased wildfire threats, fewer crops and farmers, higher electric bills and huge economic losses for years — or even decades — to come.
"Even if normal precipitation begins to fall, it will take a few years to overcome the massive deficits we've been running," said scientist Peter Gleick, president of the Pacific Institute, a research organization in Oakland.
California and much of the West must cope with the consequences of a drought predicted to intensify in coming months. The negative impact is sure to deepen. Scientists predict megadroughts will set in by mid-century.
"It often seems impossible to imagine, but tap water shortages are a distinct possibility if mitigation efforts aren't embraced and droughts become more frequent and intense in the coming years," said meteorologist Steve Bowen of Aon Benfield, a global reinsurance firm.
California has about one year of water left in its reservoirs, and mandatory rationing should begin now, NASA scientist Jay Famiglietti said last week, the Associated Press reported.
The possible shortage of tap water is leading to myriad propositions, from the treatment and reuse of wastewater and stormwater to the desalination of the Pacific Ocean, an extremely expensive solution already underway in San Diego while proposals are considered in cities throughout the state.
"For agriculture, desalination is so far out of the range of cost that no one really even thinks about it. But over time, we will see more and more desalination in those places with no other options, as we see in many Middle East and Gulf state countries," Gleick said.
As officials decide what routes to pursue, at the heart of the overall water shortage issue are lax state and local plans that merely draw on water reserves instead of placing harsher restrictions on wasteful use, Gleick said.
"All bets are off on water policy" if the drought goes on for five, 10 or 20 years, they said. "In the end, we have no choice but to bring supply and demand back into balance, and the options for new supply are very limited. We've reached 'peak water' in most western watersheds, and there's no more water to be had."
The dollar signs are adding up. "The western U.S. has been on an epic five-year run of drought and heat-related economic losses, with overall estimates nearing $60 billion in losses since 2010," Bowen said.
The impact on California alone is upward of $5 billion and will continue to grow, costing billions more if the drought extends for more than another year, they said.
Though the current loss is a small fraction of the state's overall economy, "it would be inappropriate to downplay the seriousness that the drought continues to be for California and the rest of the West," Bowen said.
Not helping at the moment is the greatly reduced mountain snowpack that typically provides about a third of the water needed by California residents, agriculture and industry, all of which have been hard hit.
"There will be challenges in managing the multiple uses of water in the state, as well as navigating areas where supply may be critically low," said Michael Anderson, California's state climatologist.
That creates a tough situation for California's roughly 400,000 farmers and farmworkers, who saw an estimated $2.2 billion in agricultural losses and the elimination of 17,000 farming jobs in 2014, according to a study from the University of California-Davis. Such costs will grow as the drought drags on in California, which grows nearly half of the nation's fruits, vegetables and nuts.
"We may see more land left unplanted as producers concentrate their water resources to maintain what they can," said Brian Fuchs, a climatologist with the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Neb. "The cattle industry will be impacted as grazing and forage for animals becomes harder to find."
Agricultural workers are likely to face increased unemployment as water supplies are cut, greatly impacting businesses that depend on the farms, said Mike Wade, executive director of the California Farm Water Coalition. "I expect the situation to be much the same as it was last year," they said.
"These job losses are due exclusively to water shortages and are additive to the unemployment already affecting many rural communities, with some areas experiencing unemployment rates of 24% to 40%," Wade said.
California residents — 38 million in the nation's most populous state — aren't being spared. Already used to water shortage issues for years, they're likely to see increased conservation efforts. State regulators on Tuesday extended and expanded water restrictions that have been in place since July. If the state sees another summer of record heat, electrical systems could be strained — leading to higher bills.
Pumping groundwater as backup could help with the shortages, but that method has limitations.
"If we include the gross overpumping of groundwater, it may take decades to rebuild groundwater reserves, and in some places, it will be impossible because of land subsidence that has destroyed the aquifers," Gleick said.
The snowpack — which could set a record low for the past 25 years in the Sierra Nevada — is creating another hazard: the increased risk of wildfires in California and throughout the West.
California fires have charred more than 3,200 acres — more than four times the average — in the first two and a half months of this year, according to Ken Pimlott, director of California's Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, the state fire agency. The destruction comes well before fire season peaks in the state, usually from July to September.
"The lack of snow means more exposed fuel load that can dry out, given the warm temperatures that have been commonplace for so many this winter," said Mark Svoboda, a climatologist with the drought mitigation center.
In 2014, California had its warmest year on record, and it just had its warmest winter on record, too.
"The longevity of this multi-year drought, coupled with the persistent elevated temperatures, have stretched the 'fire season' into a year-round concern across most of the region," they said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1bdYrIB
A long-shot bid by a Conservative MP from Alberta to woo Turks and Caicos Islands into a political union with Canada appears to have suffered a major setback after the leader of the British Crown colony — upon returning to the Caribbean from an official visit to this country a few weeks ago — firmly and publicly disparaged the prospect in an interview back home.
TCI premier Rufus Ewing, while making it clear he's keen to promote stronger economic ties with Canada, told the Turks and Caicos Sun that pursuing Canadian provincial status — as advocated by Edmonton East MP Peter Goldring — would amount to shifting authority over the U.K.-controlled vacation islands from “one master to another.”
They also suggested, however, that allowing the concept to be kept afloat for discussion purposes wouldn't be a bad thing for the Turks and Caicos Islands since it should encourage more tourism and investment by Canadians.
“I won't be too hasty to jump from one mother's nest to another mother's nest — from one master to another,” Ewing is quoted saying.
I won't be too hasty to jump from one mother's nest to another mother's nest — from one master to another
“But I don't mind them (Canadians) talking about things,” they added. “Maybe more Canadians should come down to check us out and to see what we have to offer. Come down, take a holiday and do some investments; invest in some projects and spend some dollars. I would love it.”
Yet Ewing further downplayed any proposed merger, stating that, “I don't think Canada is interested in forming an alliance with the Turks and Caicos.” They added: “I think there is a specific MP and some others, who have always had interest in the Turks and Caicos annexing with Canada. And I guess each time that you have a Turks and Caicos politician visiting Canada and seeking greater relationships, seeking economics and getting investors, the topic will come up.”
Goldring told Postmedia News on Friday that they aren't discouraged by Ewing's comments but expressed disappointment that the notion of “annexation” was highlighted in the story on what the Turks and Caicos leader had to say about Canada.
“I don't know where this annexing business came from,” said Goldring. “I've always said this is not about annexing… because that smacks of colonialism. Nobody wants to go down that road whatsoever.”
Goldring noted that he's attempting “to talk to Mr. Ewing again and straighten out that this is not about annexing.”
They also acknowledged that Ewing is right about the positive impact on the TCI economy of ongoing media coverage about the islands' possible union with Canada.
“The discussions we've had — it piques the interest of Canadians all across the country, and they go exploring,” said Goldring. “I've been told that there's some $20-million worth of free advertising that it's given the islands. But so be it. It's also sent Canadians there for investment, sent Canadians there for tourism. And this is all part and package of developing more interest in the area, and developing warmer relationships.”
I don't know where this annexing business came from
The Turks and Caicos, formally known as a British Overseas Territory and situated about 1,000 kilometres southeast of Miami, include eight inhabited islands and dozens of others encompassing a total area of about 500 square kilometres, or one-tenth the size of Prince Edward Island.
Home to about 30,000 people, TCI's economy depends largely on tourism, which draws more than 200,000 visitors annually to the islands.
Proposals for some kind of political association between the Turks and Caicos Islands and Canada have been advanced since the early 20th century, beginning with First World War-era prime minister Robert Borden's suggestion to Britain that it transfer some of its Caribbean possessions to Canada. The idea was promptly rejected.
In the early 1960s, the Conservative government of John Diefenbaker played a significant role in encouraging unity among several Caribbean island nations and colonies — including Turks and Caicos — in hopes of encouraging stronger economic relations and potentially a political association between the region and Canada.
Two other lone MPs — the NDP's Max Saltsman in the 1970s and Conservative MP Dan McKenzie in the 1980s — unsuccessfully championed the cause of making TCI part of Canada, and in 2004 the Nova Scotia legislature unanimously adopted a resolution calling for talks with Turks and Caicos to explore the idea of the sunny islands joining the Atlantic province.
But Goldring has emerged as this century's leading advocate of a Canada-TCI union, launching their lobbying effort about a decade ago.
Last month, during Ewing's scheduled trade mission to Canada — which included a meeting with Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne — they met with Goldring to discuss the MP's ideas about forging stronger economic and political relations.
Goldring said political union remains a long-term goal but that preliminary moves to “increase economic and social engagement” — ultimately leading, for example, to Canada securing special access to a deep-water Caribbean port — would represent serious progress toward their vision of a new, snow-free 11th province.
“He (Ewing) is saying in their comments they don't mind the talk of it going to Confederation,” said Goldring. “And who knows? An engagement – that's what engagements do sometimes. They lead to marriage. But that's way off in the future. First of all you have to kind of prove yourself.”
Ewing came to power in the Turks and Caicos Islands in November after a controversial, three-year period of direct rule by British officials in response to alleged corruption and mismanagement of the local TCI administration.
The new premier narrowly won the election in part by slamming Britain for what they considered undemocratic actions during the direct-rule period and by proposing a push toward outright independence — not a junior partnership with Canada.
In subsequent speeches, Ewing's continued criticism of Britain and their promotion of potential TCI independence prompted a sharp rebuke from U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague.
In a March letter responding to one of Ewing's speeches to fellow Caribbean leaders on February, Hague reminded the TCI leader that Ewing's predecessor as premier and Progressive National Party leader — the now-exiled Michael Misick — “left behind a chaotic situation including — through incompetence, abuse of power and corruption — rapidly deteriorating public finances.”
From Bitcoin Wiki
This is the approved revision of this page, as well as being the most recent.
Whitecoin (XWC) is a cryptocurrency originally launched in early 2014 focused on innovative software to securely manage and make transactions. Whitecoin is an open source scrypt based PoW/PoS hybrid coin now in the PoS phase. Whitecoin is driven by an active community of volunteers with contributions from a development team and community members.
History [ edit ]
Whitecoin started in April 2014 by an unknown developer on the back of the launch of BlackCoin. At the end of the Proof-of-Work (PoW) phase the coin was planned to enter a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) phase. The original developer abandoned the project and the shift to the PoS phase did not occur. The coin was close to being lost but was saved by a community take over.
From this point on Whitecoin has been a purely community driven project. Volunteers took over development of Whitecoin and maintained the integrity of the blockchain by continuing to mine the PoW phase of the coin until the blockchain was repaired and the PoS phase commenced. This mining provided no block rewards for the miners but ensured the continuation of the coin was reward enough.
In 2017 Whitecoins' blockchain was upgraded to PoS V3, this was a complete community funded and driven project. This included a 1 for 1 coin swap process where each holder was able to claim an equal number of Whitecoins on the new blockchain. After the designated period of time the excess coins were burned by OP-RETURN reducing the total coin supply from 313,000,000 to 248,000,000.
Whitecoin has since seen further success and growth. The value of Whitecoin has seen a healthy increase and the community has further expanded. In December 2017 the community had its first official meetup in China after being invited by local developers. This resulted in the first Whitecoin Summit.
Starting from 1st of June 2018 the staking reward was increased from 2 XWC to 5 XWC, around the same time this project went through a rebranding to a more atractive look.
Whitecoin - New logo 2018
Whitecoin (XWC) Price Online From CoinMarketCap
Technical features [ edit ]
Since the commencement of the PoS phase of Whitecoin all subsequent coins generated are through the staking reward. Each block has a reward of 2 XWC of generated coins and any additional network fees paid for transactions on that block. Whitecoin has a block time of 60 seconds and difficulty retargets after every block.
The static block reward means a predictable 1,051,200 XWC generated per annum (an extra 2880 on leap years) with no cap on coin supply. This translates to a slowing % inflation rate; with inflation of 0.423% per year by December 2017 down to 0.421% per year by December 2018.
The PoS system is energy efficient as it does not require specialist hardware consuming large amounts of energy to secure the network and produce new blocks. Instead users must maintain a balance of ‘mature coins' in their wallet connected to the Whitecoin network. Coins reach maturity after 120 blocks and will begin to stake and secure the network if the wallet is open and in staking mode.
Security is similar to PoW style coins where over 50% of hashing power needs to be controlled to alter the network. For Whitecoins' PoS system over 50% of the staking power needs to be controlled to alter the network.
With the implementation of WhiteNode for Raspberry Pi each staking wallet can receive block rewards and secure the Whitecoin network consuming approximately 34 Watts of power per day.
WhiteCoin (XWC) Price Alert, Chart & News on BitScreener
Main features [ edit ]
WhiteOS
WhiteOS is a portable Ubuntu operating system focused on anonymity that can be installed on any USB drive. This not only offers a cold storage option but also gives the option to trade anonymously by plugging the USB into any PC. Persistent data and compatible with all Linux based wallets means users can quickly sync up the remaining blockchain having their wallets live in a short time frame.
WhiteNode
WhiteNode is a highly optimized image for Raspberry Pi that allows users to run a wallet with minimal hardware requirements. This gives a low cost and low consumption solution to safely stake coins.
Community funded
Since Whitecoin is not preminded the coin is exclusively funded by community donations. The community has successfully crowdfunded fees for being listed on new exchanges like Stocks.exchange. Further donation efforts raised funds for projects like the mobile wallet Coinomi.
Wallets and exchanges [ edit ]
Whitecoin can be traded on many exchanges including Bittrex, Lbank, Stocks.exchange, TradeSatoshi, Bitshares and FreiExchange. Bittrex being the most popular of the markets.
Users can manage their XWC on the official desktop wallet (Windows, Linux, Mac), the WhiteNode software for Raspberry Pi or an external mobile wallet like Coinomi.
See also [ edit ]
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved
Nick Caloway - WKRN - Nashville, Tenn. - DICKSON, Tenn. (WKRN) - A Tennessee man woke up with an intruder's hand down their pants and scared them away.
The father of two believes the culprit was looking for their teenage daughter, but went into the wrong bedroom.
Corey Huddleston, 52, has since been charged with aggravated burglary and sexual battery. Huddleston allegedly went to the home of Bret and Elizabeth Cutrell early Tuesday morning. A guest was at the house when someone knocked on the door. When they opened it, a man believed to be Huddleston pushed their way in to the residence, according to a police report.
Mrs. Cutrell says the man asked if they had any cigarettes or beer before they began asking about their 14-year-old daughter. At one point, the suspect allegedly exposed their genitals, touched himself, and even tried to make their way into the teenage girl's bedroom. That's when they told them to leave, but after the suspect went outside, they went around to a bedroom window and climbed inside.
The Cutrells think they were trying to get to the girl's bedroom, but instead found their father.
When Bret Cutrell woke up, they felt a hand down their pants. They told WKRN they thought it might have been their wife, but when they opened their eyes, they spotted Huddleston.
"It was quite a wake-up call," said Cutrell. "It both disgusted me and infuriated me at the same time."
They scared the man away and went to check on their family.
"I could tell they aren't expecting me. I think their main target was my daughter."
Cutrell said their main priority was their family's safety, so they just let the intruder run out.
"I wanted to rip the guy apart. If my kids hadn't been in the house, he'd probably either be in the hospital or dead right now."
Huddleston is now in the Dickson County jail on $50,000 bond.
They have more than 100 prior charges on their criminal history, including theft, assault, aggravated rape, and many more.
The tower will be used to test new lift technologies
The 173m-high (567ft) structure is called Solae and dominates the skyline of Inazawa City.
The company says it will use the tower to conduct research into high-speed elevators to serve the next generation of super-tall buildings.
The 5bn-yen ($50m;£25m) project will allow Mitsubishi to test new drives, gears, cables and other lift systems.
Super-tall buildings have become vogue again in recent years. The world's current tallest building, the Taipei 101 (508m; 1,666ft), will soon be dwarfed by towers in cities such as Dubai, Shanghai, Moscow and Chicago.
Even the traditionally low-rise London is going upwards. At London Bridge station, developers are pressing ahead with the "Shard", which at 310m (1,017ft) will be Europe's tallest skyscraper.
The Taipei 101 lifts - built by Toshiba Elevator and Building Systems - have a top speed of 17m/s (61km/h; 38mph) and are recognised as the fastest in the world. They incorporate a pressure control system that stops riders' ears from "popping", and streamlined cars that reduce the whistling noise that blights some fast lifts as they are pulled through narrow shafts.
"This is how you set up the monitoring?" Shawn G. looked down at the system in disbelief. There was a watchdog connected to a power relay to ensure that it was always running. The power relay sat right next to the power switch in a sealed environmental enclosure.
Oh well, Shawn thought, this is what I'm here to work on. I'll get this set up right. They reached into the dark enclosure for the power switch to reboot the system. And missed the switch.
Instead, they grabbed the relay contact, jumped back from the system yelling a word or two that would make a sailor blush, and waved their throbbing hand around. One of their colleagues, arms aflail, ran around yelling "SAFETY OFFICER!"
As Shawn sat there, rubbing their hand, they noticed the cover for the power relay sitting comfortably on a nearby table — they aren't sure why it wasn't on the relay, but it explained the jolt. Finally the safety officer was on the scene, spreading yellow tape and warning signs, marking each individual outlet and power switch with safety tags. They sent Shawn to the staff nurse, gave them the workman's comp paperwork, and an official incident report form.
The following week Shawn was summoned to a meeting with the safety commission — a humorless, perpetually frowning group that was clearly not happy about the incident. The room seemed as though it was designed to intimidate Shawn. He'd sit opposite the group in a beat-up chair that sat directly under a bright light. It was beginning to feel more like an interrogation than a meeting.
Of course, Shawn was feeling confident. They couldn't come after them for getting hurt by trying to turn on a computer since someone left electrical components exposed.
Unamusedly, a committee member spoke up. "Do you have any authority under union regulations to operate power equipment?"
Shawn thought and chose their words carefully. "No, I don't have that authority, but I am allowed to operate a power switch on a computer."
"Ah," one of the committe said while trying to grin, "but it is a power switch, and therefore it is power equipment, which falls under the electrical trades union agreement." The others similarly tried to grin, satisfied that they'd avoided a lawsuit that day.
"It is therefore the finding of this committee that you have violated your authority under union regulations." How dare Shawn try to use the power switch without proper authorization? "A safety violation will be recorded on your permanent record."
That's where Shawn got freaked out a little. Burn their Social Security card, tear up their high school diploma, ruin their credit score, but God help them if there's another blemish on their permanent record! They still have to live with the last incident that had gone on their permanent record, when they made fart sounds with their armpit during class in the second grade.
Shawn kept their copy of the incident report and swore to themselves that they wouldn't let something like this happen again. That afternoon they grabbed a stack of work order forms and filled one out.
********* WORK ORDER FORM ********* Employee Name: Shawn G. Work Date: 05/13/2008 5:00 PM Work Performed By: Electrical Trade Union Action Requested: Please shut down my computer when I'm ready to leave for the day. ...
Shawn urged their colleagues to do the same — after all, they're not authorized. Gradually, more and more people joined in and work orders were opened for the electrical union faster than they could be signed. The staff needed computers turned on and off, light switches toggled, fans plugged in and unplugged, coffee makers turned on, radios turned off, pencils sharpened (though analog sharpeners were OK).
It didn't take long for Shawn to get summoned to the director's office. "Funny thing, Shawn," they began with a forced smile. "Seems your safety citation got lost somewhere in the system, so your file is clean. Aside from that fart noise thing." As Shawn was about to turn around and leave, the director added, "if you don't mind, could you let people know that they can stop filing work orders for every power switch."
The following month everyone became responsible for small electronics. And they didn't even have to go through an equipment training session!
APRIL 15 UPDATE: Silently updated to Alpha3f. This version fixes a bug that caused save games to sometimes fail to load. Alpha3f will break save compatibility from earlier versions.
APRIL 13 UPDATE: Silently updated to Alpha3e with one minor fix.
APRIL 12 UPDATE: Silently updated to Alpha3d. Fixes specified below.
I've just uploaded Alpha3c, a slightly changed version which fixes a number of rare bugs that cropped up after the Alpha 3 release.
Your savegames from Alpha 3 should still work (though you'll have to copy the .rim files over to a Saves folder in the new install directory).
The bugs fixed were:
Sorry about asking you to update twice in two days three times in three days. We did a lot of testing with a good-sized test team, but it's amazing what crops up when thousands of people get their hands on the game. I'm going to have to consider other test and development processes to try to avoid this kind of situation in the future.
Original post regarding Alpha 3b follows:
Someone found a bug that will sometimes make it impossible to load savegame. I'd added error recovery code to the game and re-uploaded it as Alpha3b. If you downloaded the game earlier today, you may want to re-download (using the original link). Your download limit will reset. You'll know you got the new version because the zip file is called “RimWorldAlpha3b”. Saves from Alpha3 will probably still work (even ones that were broken before).
The current account deficit (CAD) narrowed to 1.6 per cent of GDP at $8.2 billion in the second quarter ended September, mainly due to lower trade deficit. The July-September CAD is lower than $10.9 billion, or 2.2 per cent of GDP, in the same quarter of last fiscal.
It is, however, higher than 1.2 per cent for the previous quarter of current fiscal. The contraction in CAD was primarily on account of lower trade deficit ($37.4 billion) as compared with $39.7 billion in Q2 of last year though it was higher than the level in the preceding quarter ($34.2 billion), RBI said in the second quarterly balance of payments data released on Tuesday.
Although net services receipts moderated marginally on a annual basis largely due to fall in export receipts in transport, insurance and pension services, there has been some improvement over the preceding quarter, it said.
However, it said, after a sharp pickup in the first quarter, net foreign direct investment (FDI) moderated in second quarter of 2015-16. Net FDI inflows during first half of current fiscal rose by more than 10 per cent over the level during the corresponding period of the previous year.
During the first 6 months of the current fiscal, the CAD narrowed to 1.4 per cent of GDP from 1.8 per cent in the same period a year ago on contraction in the trade deficit and a marginal improvement in net invisibles. Indias trade deficit narrowed to $71.6 billion in the first half from $74.7 billion in the same period previous fiscal.
Last week, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said CAD is expected to be 1.2 per cent of the GDP for the entire 2015-16 fiscal. With a moderately good GDP growth figure, the fiscal deficit under control, the current account deficit which we planned to about 1.2 per cent, we intend to achieve that, they had said.
Cody Schank
Scientists have mapped the evolutionary relationships among all 9,993 of the world's known living bird species. The study, published today in Nature1, is an ambitious project that uses DNA-sequence data to create a phylogenetic tree — a branching map of evolutionary relationships among species — that also links global bird speciation rates across space and time.
“This is the first dated tree of life for a class of species this size to be put on a global map,” says study co-author Walter Jetz, an evolutionary biologist at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
But the endeavour is also controversial, owing to the large number of species for which no sequence data are available. “This is a conceptually brilliant attempt to link space with time while crafting a complete phylogeny,” says Trevor Price, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Chicago in Illinois. “But there are almost certainly introduced artefacts by lacking one-third of the sequences used to create it.”
Branches of contention
Jetz and their colleagues built on an extensive phylogenomic study, published in 2008, to divide bird species into 158 clades, well-established groups believed to have evolved from a common ancestor2. Using ten fossils, the researchers dated and anchored that backbone, and placed all the living species on the tree, starting with the roughly 6,600 for which genetic information was available.
For the remaining 3,330 species for which no genetic data were available, the researchers used specific constraints — such as membership in the same genus — to identify where species would most likely be placed in the tree. They then created thousands of possible tree configurations and modeled estimates of speciation and extinction rates for each one to account for the uncertainty. The researchers found that although rapid radiations have occurred throughout time and space, the rate of speciation has sharply increased over the past 40 million years.
Some scientists question the finding. “For a tree this size, any small systematic biases in assumptions, integrated over 10,000 species, may result in the detection of trends that simply didn't exist,” says Mark Pagel, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Reading, UK. But when the researchers repeated the analysis using only species for which genetic data exists, they saw roughly the same pattern.
Space and time
The researchers also found some unexpected geographical patterns. “Counter to popular explanations, diversification rate does not vary with latitude,” says Jetz. Instead, the rate varies by longitude, being faster in the Western than in the Eastern Hemisphere.
Erica Olsen/FLPA
Species diversify over time, but it's difficult to account for a species past movements without complete fossil evidence. As a result, the model links a species' diversification rate to its present location — rather than to the time when the species originated, when climate and species distribution might have been very different. “This paper makes an attempt to account for how species disperse, but we aren't quite there yet,” says Price. More fossils will be needed to verify past movements.
Nonetheless, Jetz says that they expect the tree will stand the test of time. “As more sequence data are added, some details will change, but I can't really imagine a case where any of the core findings are turned upside down,” they say. “This is certainly not the last word on phylogeny of birds. We hope it will trigger additional efforts to continue improving our understanding of the avian tree of life.”
The holiday season is upon us in Toronto and that can only mean one thing: Kringlewood is back.
In case you're not familiar with Kringlewood, it's an annual tradition in the Moore Park neighbourhood on Inglewood Drive where neighbours get together to erect giant, inflatable Santas on their front lawns.
The Santas started to appear late last month, but now it seems that most have cropped up all along the street, which runs off of Mount Pleasant Road near St. Clair Avenue. There are some 50 in total.
A post shared by Michael Eastman (@7mke) on Dec 20, 2016 at 5:56pm PST
The Kringlewood tradition began a few years back when resident Amy Westin bought an oversized Kris Kringle at Canadian Tire, igniting a trend that's since grown into a community-wide, yearly attraction.
A post shared by Courtney Lee (@courtneyjasminelee) on Dec 25, 2016 at 8:11pm PST
Flavor Flav has explained their support of Donald Trump at SXSW. Flav has drawn some attention for their support of the Republican presidential frontrunner, particularly when (as Billboard reports) fellow Public Enemy member Chuck D vocally expressed their disagreement with Trump during their gig at SXSW on Saturday.
Flav told the site backstage, “I'm not really the politician of the group…There's a lot of people talking a lot of shit about Trump, but guess what? He's winning. The man is winning. I ain't gonna lie, but listen, the United States has been run a certain way for decades and decades and decades. You never know: Maybe Trump could possibly do something. Maybe they might step in office and do something. I'm not going to doubt him.”
Flav added, “Put it this way: If this was really, really a foot race, Donald Trump would be the first one to the finish line, but they won't let them cross it first. That's the way I feel, you know what I'm saying? Because he's winning fairly, but they still don't want them to be President. They're going to try to block that man from being president. If Donald Trump does become president, there's only one thing we all can do: just sit back and let the man do their job.”
The US State Department has concluded that the proposed Keystone XL pipeline – the 875-mile long oil link from Alberta to the US Midwest and ultimately to Gulf Coast refineries – is unlikely to add significantly to global carbon emissions.
The much-anticipated finding in the final Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) on the pipeline, released Friday, thrilled energy producers and dealt a blow to environmentalists. They have long argued that the pipeline would supercharge development of Alberta's tar sands deposits and contribute mightily to climate change by creating a global market for the sands' diluted bitumen product.
By rejecting those assertions, the report paves the way for President Obama, who has staked out a strong position on fighting climate change, to approve the pipeline with far less political backlash should they so chose, some experts say.
The report Friday reaffirms a March 2013 Draft Supplemental EIS conclusion that the pipeline would not produce any significant additional greenhouse gases resulting from developing the tar sands.
“Approval or denial of any one crude oil transport project, including the proposed Project, remains unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands, or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at refineries in the United States,” concluded the multi-volume EIS.
The report, however, did acknowledge a “potential increase” in greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) equivalent to the annual emissions of between 271,000 and 5.7 million passenger vehicles for 1 year – or the annual CO2 emissions of up to nearly eight coal-fired power plants. But the EIS market analysis showed that no such jump in added gas emissions was likely to occur.
Last June at Georgetown University, Mr. Obama declared that “our national interest will be served only if this project does not significantly exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution.”
“Though many considerations may factor into whether KXL is in the national interest, we would contend that the pipeline appears to have passed the President's GHG test a second time,” writes Kevin Book, an energy analyst with ClearView Partners, an energy economics consulting firm in Washington.
Environmentalists, meanwhile, ruefully noted the report's conclusions of a potential GHG emissions surge – while concluding it was unlikely.
“Even though the State Department continues to downplay clear evidence that the Keystone XL pipeline would lead to tar sands expansion and significantly worsen carbon pollution, it has, for the first time, acknowledged that the proposed project could accelerate climate change,” Susan Casey-Lefkowitz, international program director of the Natural Resources Defense Council, said in a statement. “President Obama now has all the information they need to reject the pipeline.”
Before it can be approved, Obama must also decide whether the pipeline is in the overall national interest – a wildcard, both environmental and energy analysts agree. Some analyses have shown higher gasoline prices resulting. Despite that uncertainty, energy producers were cheered.
“Five years, five federal reviews, dozens of public meetings, over a million comments and one conclusion: the Keystone XL pipeline is safe for the environment,” Jack Gerard, American Petroleum Institute president and CEO, said in a statement. “This final review puts to rest any credible concerns about the pipeline's potential negative impact on the environment. This long-awaited project should now be swiftly approved.”
Not everyone is so sure. Environmentalists say the “national interest” determination is a major hurdle for the project. If the project were found likely to raise gasoline prices in the Midwest that could undermine the momentum for approving the pipeline, some experts said.
The national interest determination could be concluded within as little as three months in the run-up to a final decision. But it could take far longer depending on how long the public comment portion extends, experts say.
Another wild card is that the State Department's choice to lead the Keystone XL EIS review has also come under scrutiny for its ties to the oil and gas industry. Environmental Resources Management (ERM), a London-based environmental consultancy hired to perform the environmental review, is a member of at least five trade associations that have lobbied in support of Keystone XL, according to organizations' websites and promotional material.
ERM has not publicly commented on the allegations and redirects press inquiries to the State Department, which has repeatedly said it maintains rigorous conflict-of-interest procedures which "ensure that no contractors or subcontractors have financial or other interests in the outcome of a project."
The State Department's inspector general is looking into the allegations and is expected to publish its findings in the coming month or two.
Other implications could soon loom as well. Mr. Book, the energy analyst, notes that the GHG analysis used in the Keystone XL could, ironically, make it far harder for other fossil fuels to show that they should be exported too – by providing a template for greenhouse gas analyses that could be negative for those energy exports.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“In a post-Keystone world, the next targets of opportunity [for GHG analysis and environmentalist opposition] could include: crude oil exports, crude-by-rail and the burgeoning trend of municipal fracking bans (to say nothing of ongoing opposition to coal ports in the Pacific Northwest),” Book writes.
Staff writer David Unger contributed to this report.
A year after the notorious politician's curse, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is keeping their word to Blue Jays' manager John Gibbons by staying away from the Rogers Centre as the hometown heroes kick off its playoff matchup against the Texas Rangers. After a superstition grew last year when the Jays went 0-3 in games that a federal party leader attended, former prime minister Stephen Harper, Trudeau, and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair made a Twitter oath not to attend the games after fans told the politicians on social media to stay away.
Justin Trudeau, while they were on the campaign trail before becoming prime minister, shares a laugh with Toronto Blue Jays manager John Gibbons at the Rogers Centre last year. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
“I'm excited to cheer the @BlueJays in the #ALDS, but I'll still stay away from Rogers Centre,” Trudeau tweeted Thursday morning.
Trudeau also reached out to interim Conservative Leader Rona Ambrose and Mulcair to see if they were still on board with the plan. Ambrose did not immediately answer to Trudeau's tweet, but Mulcair united with the Liberal leader and gave a few suggestions of their own.
Article Continued Below
“Yes. Deal still on,” Mulcair responded on Twitter. “Maybe we should ask @StephenHarper to go to an #ALDS game in Texas in hopes of a reverse jinx?” Former prime minister Stephen Harper, who recently resigned from government in August, did not respond to Mulcair, but expressed their own support for Canada's home team.
“Way to go @BlueJays!” they tweeted. “All of Canada is behind you for #OurMoment #post-season.” The curse began after Parliament was dissolved on Aug. 2, last year, as the federal leaders went on the campaign trail.
“Stay away. Stay away,” Gibbons said to the politicians after a devastating 10-2 loss against the Baltimore Orioles on Sept. 4, 2015 when Trudeau was in the stands. Toronto goes head-first into a heated game against the Rangers, Thursday night at 4:30 p.m. at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas. Here's what to expect.
Read more about:
The United States Supreme Court hears its first ever case about video games this week. The stakes are high. Here's what is happening and why it's happening.
The United States Supreme Court is hearing that video game case this week, right? Right. The State of California vs. The Entertainment Merchants Association and Entertainment Software Association (aka "The Video Game Industry"). Oral arguments begin at the Supreme Court in front of Justices Roberts, Thomas, Kagan and the rest on Tuesday at 10am ET.
What's it about, again? Whether violent video games should be treated like pornography — in other words, whether there can be a type of violent video game that would be legal to sell to adults but illegal to sell to kids.
Oh, like R-rated movies? No, not like R-rated movies. It's legal in the United States for a kid to go see an R-rated movie, even if it's against the rules set forth by the movie industry. The only kind of movies that are illegal for kids to see are obscene ones (they're illegal for anyone to sell to anyone of any age). Those movies would fall under a special category defined by the Supreme Court in the late 60s for certain kinds of sexual material. California wants violent video games to be treated like that extreme sexual content, something no violent movies, books or magazines are subject to.
So who got the idea that violent video games should be treated like Hustler magazine? The government of California and a bunch of other states. They've been trying to get this on the books for much of the past decade.
Advertisement
What did video games ever do to them? In the middle of the last decade, California assemblyman Leland Yee, a child psychologist, picked up on an effort across several states to try to criminalize the sale of really violent video games. They say they did this because they believe ultra-violent games can harm kids in ways other forms of violent entertainment can't. They wrote a bill in 2005 that would fine a retailer $1,000 for selling really violent games to kids. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed it into law later that year.
So it's been illegal in California to sell violent games to children? Nope. The video game industry sued, as they had in many other states, and got the law blocked from taking effect. Two tiers of courts have since said, as they had in other states, that the law violated the Freedom of Speech guaranteed by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
All this mention of "really violent video games." Which "violent video games" would this law have pertained to? Yee and their allies often describe passages from 2003 game Postal 2, which does contain a lot of heinous content.
California would go after Postal 2 and what else? Not God of War or Call of Duty, right It's hard to say, but the California law does include the following standards, which the government would use to determine which games should be illegal for kids to buy:
(A) Comes within all of the following descriptions:
(i) A reasonable person, considering the game as a whole, would
find appeals to a deviant or morbid interest of minors.
(ii) It is patently offensive to prevailing standards in the
community as to what is suitable for minors.
(iii) It causes the game, as a whole, to lack serious literary,
artistic, political, or scientific value for minors.
(B) Enables the player to virtually inflict serious injury upon
images of human beings or characters with substantially human
characteristics in a manner which is especially heinous, cruel, or
depraved in that it involves torture or serious physical abuse to the
victim.
Advertisement
That first part seems familiar. It should ring a bell, if you pay attention to law. It's pretty much the Miller Test which was established in the 1970s to determine if something is obscene.
Hmmm. I wonder if anyone who plays video games would agree that there are games that "lack serious literary, artistic, political or scientific value for minors." Probably not.
Why is the Supreme Court getting involved in this? Great question, one that the video game industry, which is defending the case would surely love to know. They've been on a perfect win streak so far. Court after court has struck down the California attempt and those of other states to ban the sale of really violent video games to kids. But in April, the Court agreed to hear the case, so surely they think something here needs another look. This is the final chance for those in the California/Yee camp to win, to essentially score a knockout after losing every round of the fight.
Advertisement
No, no, no. The court would not make it a crime to sell violent games to kids in America, would they? They might. They could. There are no laws that limit the sale or exposure of violent entertainment to minors, but the court could decide, through this case, that the time for such restrictions is right and not a violation of the Constitution.
Wouldn't this cause a problem for violent movies? It would seem to, which is probably why the main trade groups for the movie industry, the music industry, the comic book industry and others have filed briefs to the Court siding with the video game industry. The gaming industry has gotten a mountain of support from Activision to Microsoft, from the American Civil Liberties Union to the United States Chamber of Commerce.
Advertisement
But what about the science? California had been arguing with Yee citing their child psychologist credentials, that they had science that proved a correlation between violent games and violent acts committed by kids. Their science hasn't swayed lower courts and even they aren't just banking on that. They believe their idea of violent games fitting in that Hustler category of extreme content inappropriate for kids should suffice. Plus, they like to argue, those video game industry ratings don't work. Kids buy the violent video games unimpeded (the gaming industry begs to differ, of course).
Advertisement
Yee sure isn't into video games, huh? Just not the violent ones kids might get their hands on, though they said they can live with companies making games that involve chopping off their head.
What would happen if the Supreme Court decided in favor of California? One thing is for sure; it would become a crime to sell really violent games to kids. The problem would arise, of course, as to identifying which games such a law would prohibit. The fear of the people on the side of the gaming industry is that this confusion would force retailers to be conservative in what they sell to kids and that it would force game publishers and developers to also hold back in the types of content they create, lest they sell a game that a retailer would be afraid to sell to a minor.
That doesn't sound so bad. GameStop is already supposed to not sell M-rated games to kids. True, so your reaction to what could happen here depends on how you view the First Amendment and where video games fit in. If the Court rules for California, they are saying there is something different — and more potentially damaging — about video games compared to books, movies, music. Agree or disagree?
Advertisement
OK. Where can we watch this all unfolds? Supreme Court hearings are not televised. Reporters aren't even allowed to bring electronics into the chamber. So let's just hope a reporter who knows their or their stuff about video games reserved a seat to sit in the Supreme Court on Tuesday.
Who? You? Yes, I've got a seat reserved in the Court. I'm ready.
This happens on Tuesday? Isn't something else happening on Tuesday? Yup. Don't expect these oral arguments to get many headlines on Tuesday and Wednesday. Election Day is Tuesday and the balance of power in Washington is expected to shift big time. The mainstream media will be focused on that. In fact, Tuesday's the day Jerry Brown, the attorney general for California (who won't be arguing this case himself), may become the next governor of their state, succeeding Arnold Schwarzenegger, unless they lose to Meg Whitman.
Advertisement
Tuesday sounds like a big day for gamers, at least. And we'll know the outcome then? It will be a big day, but it won't be the end of all of this. Oral arguments happen Tuesday morning, but the court has until the end of June to issue its decision.
Follow Kotaku's coverage of this momentous case at our Schwarzenegger Vs page.
Illustration by Gizmodo illustrator Sam Spratt. Check out Sam's portfolio and become a fan of their Facebook Artist's Page.
Protesters spoke out at the Nigerian embassy in Washington, D.C. to express their disappointment in the Nigerian government after an extremist group kidnapped nearly 300 girls on April 15th. (Jackie Kucinich/The Washington Post)
Protesters spoke out at the Nigerian embassy in Washington, D.C. to express their disappointment in the Nigerian government after an extremist group kidnapped nearly 300 girls on April 15th. (Jackie Kucinich/The Washington Post)
An international uproar mounted Tuesday over the fate of hundreds of Ni­ger­ian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in mid-April, with the Obama administration preparing to send a team of specialists to Nigeria to help recover the missing girls and U.N. officials warning that the kidnappers could face arrest, prosecution and prison under international law.
In Nigeria, U.N. officials reported that a new kidnapping had occurred, with between eight and 11 girls abducted Sunday by armed militants in the northern state of Borno to prevent them from attending school. It is unclear whether the same extremist group was involved in both abductions. The state's police commissioner denied that any abductions had taken place.
The White House announced that Secretary of State John F. Kerry had called Ni­ger­ian President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday morning and offered to send a team including law enforcement and military experts to help their government find and free the roughly 300 girls seized from a school in remote northeastern Nigeria on either April 14 or April 15. Some escaped, but 276 are believed still missing.
A State Department spokesperson said that Jonathan, who has been reluctant to move against the militants, “welcomed” the offer. Kerry, in a separate statement, said U.S. officials had delayed action because Jonathan's government “had its own set of strategies,” but new developments had “convinced everybody that there needs to be a greater effort.”
“It will begin immediately,” Kerry said. “You're going to see a very, very rapid response.”
1 of 51 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Worldwide protests demand the rescue of kidnapped Ni­ger­ian girls View Photos Rallies in Ni­ger­ian and American cities protest the government's weak response to the crime. Caption International rallies protest the government's weak response to the crime. June 23, 2014 A member of the Abuja Bring Back Our Girls group speaks at a sit-in demonstration the group organized at the Unity Fountain in Abuja, Nigeria. Afolabi Sotunde/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In a video released Monday in which they claimed responsibility for the abductions for the first time , the leader of the Islamist group Boko Haram, Abubaker Shekau, referred to the girls as “slaves” and threatened to sell them in a marriage market.
That high-profile, almost swaggering threat intensified a growing outcry as international and domestic rights groups warned that the girls could face severe abuse.
In New York, a spokesperson for the U.N. high commissioner for human rights said at a news conference Tuesday, “We warn the perpetrators that there is an absolute prohibition against slavery and sexual slavery in international law.” They said that meant that those responsible could be “arrested, charged, prosecuted, and jailed at any time in the future.”
President Obama, speaking Tuesday about climate change on the “Today” show, also spoke briefly about Nigeria. They called the kidnappings a “terrible situation” and described Boko Haram as “one of the worst local or regional terrorist organizations.” They said Nigeria had accepted their offer of “help from our military and our law enforcement officials” and that “we're going to do everything we can to provide assistance to them.”
On Capitol Hill, all 20 female U.S. senators signed a letter to Obama condemning the abductions and calling on them to press for U.N. sanctions against Boko Haram, which the administration has designated a foreign terrorist group. The move was led by Sens. Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine.)
Collins said the comments by Shekau, who said all girls should be married by age 12 and not allowed to attend school, “call out for a vigorous response from all around the world — men and women alike. But I think having the 20 women senators lead the way is the beginning of sending a very powerful signal.”
A social-media campaign called Bring Back Our Girls has gained rapid traction on Facebook and other sites over the past several days. In Washington, about 75 protesters rallied outside the shuttered Ni­ger­ian Embassy on Tuesday morning wearing “Bring Back Our Girls” T-shirts and denouncing the Jonathan government for ignoring the girls' plight.
“We are tired of the government putting its head in the sand. Girls in Nigeria have the right to be educated and the right to be safe,” said Omolola Adele Oso, 35, a Nigerian immigrant from Bowie and a leader of the peaceful protest. “These girls could be beaten and burned into subservience. The government wants this problem to disappear, but it will not disappear.”
Most of the demonstrators were Ni­ger­ian immigrants, but they were joined by local human rights activists and families. Amy Thomson, 43, of Chevy Chase, said they had come to the rally “because I'm a mother and I would feel the same if my daughter were in danger.”
Thomson was accompanied by their daughter Emma, 11, who said they had been inspired by the efforts of Malala Yousafzai, a teenage activist from Pakistan who was shot and nearly killed by Islamist militants for promoting girls' education.
“Boko Haram said Allah told them to take the girls,” Emma said. “But I read about Malala, and they said that is not them Allah.”
Boko Haram, whose name means “Western education is evil,” rejects Western culture and seeks to create a pure Islamic state based on strict sharia law. The group has terrorized much of the Ni­ger­ian rural north for the past five years, killing at least 1,000 people in both Muslim and Christian areas.
The Islamic Society of North America condemned Boko Haram on Tuesday, calling its actions “disgusting and un-Islamic.” The Plainfield, Ind.-based organization called on Ni­ger­ian authorities to capture the kidnappers and bring them to justice.
Even though many Westerners and Nigerians are outraged by the militants' latest predations, the political, regional and religious pressures inside Nigeria are more complex. This helps to explain why Jonathan has tried to play down the kidnappings rather than actively pursue the perpetrators, and why other officials have cast doubt on the crime and criticized protest leaders.
Despite their official welcome of the U.S. offer of assistance, it remained unclear whether civilian and military officials on the ground would cooperate with the Obama administration's plan to send a team of experts and set up a “coordinating cell” at the U.S. Embassy in Abuja.
One of the factors in play, several experts said Tuesday, is the permanent tension between northern and southern Nigeria. Jonathan is a southerner and many northerners are said to oppose their bid for reelection next year, which may have dampened their eagerness to intervene in the kidnappings there.
Experts said Jonathan was embarrassed by the kidnappings and failed to anticipate the domestic and international uproar they would cause. Their wife cast doubt on whether the abductions really happened and reportedly ordered one protest leader arrested.
Another issue is the internal contradictions within the Ni­ger­ian army, which has waged a scorched-earth campaign against Boko Haram but also reportedly includes sympathizers of the group. Both soldiers and militants have been accused of human rights abuses, but none has been arrested or prosecuted.
“The Nigerian army is large and strong enough to be effective in going after the kidnappers, but so far they haven't,” said one expert on Africa at an international agency who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak publicly. Jonathan, they said, “was trying to treat this like business as usual, and suddenly it has turned into a major political debacle.”
Ed O'Keefe and Karen DeYoung contributed to this report.
This jam is now over. It ran from to . View 2 entries
What is it?
Get Well Soon Jam is a gamejam thrown together at the last moment to provide some positivity and community love to Jupiter Hadley who's been feeling unwell for a couple of days. Originally I was just going to make a game myself, but I thought it'd be awesome if everyone pitched in!
Who is Jupiter?
Once known as "Patron Saint of Jammers", Jupiter is a totally lovely youtuber and writer, who works harder than anyone I know! If you've participated in a public game jam in the last few years, the chances are that she's played your game for a whole minute or more and uploaded it!
Check out their videos here!
Rules
Have fun Make games Be positive!
If you need a theme to get your creative juices flowing, then the theme is: Recovery!
Good luck!
Michael Davidson, the cardiothoracic surgeon shot and killed in Brigham and Women's Hospital last week by the distraught son of a woman on whom they had operated some time ago and who died in November, was a medical student of mine at Yale back in the early 1990s.
Some few of my former students, including our newly minted surgeon general, Vivek Murthy, became friends of mine, and we stayed close over the years. I didn't know Dr. Davidson that well, but seeing their photo in the Boston Globe, I certainly remember their face. It's a good face.
I can't speak to Dr. Davidson's character corresponding to that good face, but others can -- and have. According to colleagues, they were one of the greats, the kind of doctor every medical student wants to be, and the kind of doctor every patient wants to have. By all accounts, including those of patients, they were deeply caring. They were thoughtful, expressive, and clear. Peers credit them with the grit to wield the steel of scalpels in situations where other surgeons would balk, great surgical skill, the brilliance of innovation, and an extraordinary work ethic.
In addition, Dr. Davidson had a life outside the hospital. That life, according to the Boston Globe, included a wife -- also a physician -- and three children, with another on the way. That baby, of course, will now never meet his/her father.
The story line of this tragedy is almost unbearably heart rending.
And there's more. The shooter, who also took their own life, left behind a complicated legacy of love, anguish and disbelief. They had four grown children, and siblings, who say they were nothing but a good guy who was devastated by the death of their mother, with whom they were very close. Rightly or wrongly, they blamed their mother's death on an adverse reaction to medication, and rightly or wrongly, they apparently implicated Dr. Davidson in the use of that medication.
From the information available thus far, it could be that the medication had nothing to do with the patient's death, and that Dr. Davidson had nothing to do with prescribing the medication. Either way, there is nothing in the record to suggest any misstep in the treatment; just a bad outcome. Unfortunately, sick people die sometimes despite all that modern medicine can offer, and even when everything is done right.
Of course, sometimes patients die because something is done wrong, too.
But accuracy about who did what, when, and whether or not it was appropriate is not a priority in a moment of anguished passion. Passion clouds the mind, and tenses the muscles -- including those of the finger, on the trigger.
Admittedly, Mr. Pasceri might have hurt, or even killed Dr. Davidson without a gun. And they might have killed themselves without one, too. But both scenarios are a whole lot less likely. Try to remember the last time you heard about a murder/suicide involving, for instance, a knife.
I myself was stabbed long ago, on a train while traveling in Europe. I fought back with no weapon, and lived to tell the tale. If my assailant had used a gun instead, I suspect it would have been the end of the line for me.
There is a bitter irony underlying this dreadful story that has torn holes in two families at least. The shooting took place in the hospital where our new surgeon general worked, prior to their confirmation. That confirmation was held up for months and months because Dr. Murthy had stated publicly that guns were a public health issue. So here we are, in the immediate aftermath of that long forestalled confirmation, and a current colleague and former classmate of the surgeon general was shot dead with a gun also used to kill its owner, in a health care setting.
The irony is too thick to cut with a knife; you would have to shoot through it. Of course guns are a public health issue, if suicide is; if bleeding is; if emergency surgery is.
The public discussion about who has guns when, where, and for what obviously includes rights related to the use of such arms. But it cannot exclude the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness -- all taken from Dr. Davidson. It cannot exclude the need to do what is right.
A finger on a trigger in a moment of acute grief is very unlikely to result in the right thing being done. In a moment of aggrieved passion, beastly and beatific look the same; it's a particularly bad time to pull a trigger.
That makes it a bad time to be holding a gun. That's where my sad ruminations on this tale take me. Guns and acute grief make for a very bad combination.
Whatever my own beliefs and preferences, I am not currently challenging any contentions about the right to bear arms, or the value of guns in self-defense. I am merely asserting this: if liberal gun policies mean more guns carried by more people more of the time, the likelihood of a gun in the hands of any given transiently, passionately aggrieved person goes up. This is a statement of statistical fact. Guns and such grief are a volatile mix.
Killing any other way requires real intimacy, and that's hard. Guns don't kill, people do, we are told. But guns allow those people an antiseptic, insulating distance. They make killing easier, and more efficient. One's hands need not even get dirty.
And in that way, they can convert the kind of emotional devastation we have all felt at one time or another into an irrevocable tragedy such as played out in Boston last week.
Guns and grief are a bad combination. Our judgment is clouded and undone in moments of aggrieved passion; we are least suited at such times to take on the roles of both jury and judge, leaving aside the illegality of such vigilantism. We may, in the throes of passion, misconstrue causes and misdirect blame. But we may hope to live through such moments, and see in a calmer, clarifying light.
First, though, we need to live through such moments at all. Guns in aggrieved hands make that tragically less likely.
-fin
Director, Yale University Prevention Research Center; Griffin Hospital
President, American College of Lifestyle Medicine
Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option
PROJECT UPDATES
This project is currently in the engineering design phase. To discuss the plans with a town planner, email community.development@herndon-va.gov or call 703-787-7380.
On May 9, 2017, the Town Council adopted a resolution to provide guidance to the Virginia Department of Transportation about the preferred traffic management option during construction of the east Elden Street bridge over Sugarland Run. The Town Council is committed to preventing long term lane closures during project construction.
On March 27, 2017, an Open House was held at the Herndon Council Chambers to discuss the construction management and traffic impacts of building the new Elden Street bridge over Sugarland Run.
On January 10, 2017, the Town Council held a public hearing about the planned improvements, and on February 14, 2017, the Town Council adopted a resolution with guidance to the Virginia Department of Transportation.
On October 27, 2016, the Virginia Department of Transportation hosted a Design public meeting to present the current design to the public and collect comments before continuing the design effort. A list of the comments received and responses is available below.
PROJECT DOCUMENTS & LINKS
Typical Street Sections East of Herndon Parkway
Typical Street Sections West of Herndon Parkway
Site Plan Sheets
VDOT Project Page
Town Council Design Resolution to VDOT - February 14, 2017
Project Info Sheet
Town Council Traffic Management Resolution to VDOT - May 12, 2017
Public Comments Received
Project Purpose: East Elden Street is one of Herndon's vital commercial arteries. Between downtown Herndon and the Fairfax County Parkway, the street has seen increased congestion and reduced vehicular mobility in recent decades. The project is meant to relieve peak-hour congestion and to enhance access by increasing roadway capacity as well as to provide improvements to better accommodate pedestrians, bicyclists and transit users.
Project Overview: This project will widen East Elden to accommodate a median and dedicated turn lanes, new travel lanes east of Herndon Parkway,and dedicated bicycle lanes. The streetscape will also be enhanced with wider sidewalks, some specialized surface treatments,street trees, lighting, updated bus stop amenities,and accessible pedestrian signals. Decorative crosswalks will be installed and the Sugarland Run crossing will be improved with a bridge to mitigate area flooding.
It also apparently takes a few naked voters, too, judging from the tales they tell of adventures at the doorstep.
OTTAWA—It takes a bit of naked ambition to run for office, most politicians would tell you.
They knew the lore of the naked voter and the inevitability of meeting one at the doorstep. Some seasoned male campaigners had even told them it wasn't so bad if the bare-it-all voter happened to be an attractive woman.
Tony Clement has been knocking on doors for decades, from their provincial political days in the 1990s, to their current job as federal Treasury Board president and MP for Parry Sound-Muskoka.
Naked homeowners, people dressed only in their underwear, strange or angry pets — just another day on the job when political people decide to go meet the voters where they live.
Stoffer decided he'd only get through this encounter if they fixed their gaze in an upward direction: “I looked into their eyes, gave them my pamphlets, said ‘Thank you sir, I hope you have a nice day.' ”
NDP MP Peter Stoffer was going door to door at a trailer park in their Nova Scotia riding, only to be greeted by a rough-looking fellow, with long, grey, matted hair, wearing a ragged purple sweater — and nothing else.
Eleanor McMahon, currently campaigning in the Ontario election as the Liberal candidate in Burlington, has not run into any naked voters yet, but they did years ago, when they were working as a young volunteer with former cabinet minister David Collenette in Don Valley East. They knocked on a door, it swung open and man, fully unclothed, stood there. “I turned 50 shades of red,” McMahon said. “Then I went and hid in a stairwell while Mr. Collenette spoke to the naked man.”
Carolyn Bennett, the MP for St. Paul's, also a family physician, has seen so many naked voters now that they have a ready response: “Don't worry I'm a doctor — I've seen lots of naked people before.”
Sometimes the politicians are welcomed eagerly into a voter's home, only to find that someone else was expected.
Fellow NDP MP Malcolm Allen also found that same strategy useful in Welland when a homeowner, dressed only in jockey shorts, answered the door and wanted to talk about health policy. Allen, uncomfortably obliged. “We had a quick discussion and I moved on.”
“Come on in!” a friendly voice hollered when NDP MP Megan Leslie knocked on a door in their Halifax riding. Leslie poked their head in, and found the woman sitting on a toilet.
Leslie still gets embarrassed, thinking about it. “I said: ‘You know what? It's not that important. I'll come back another time.' And I closed the door behind me.”
Dimitri Soudas, former communications director for Prime Minister Stephen Harper, had not done any door-to-door campaigning for more than a decade, until they decided to get involved in MP Eve Adams' run for the Conservative nomination in Oakville North-Burlington. (That involvement cost Soudas their position as executive director of the Conservative party, but they say they have no regrets.)
Not too long ago, they and Adams were knocking on a door and just about to walk away because it seemed no one was home. Suddenly, a man clad only in underwear answered the door and unabashedly explained he'd been sitting on the toilet, “pooing,” and was unable to immediately answer the door.
Bennett says she's often marvelled at the couples who will answer the door and blushingly explain that they were in bed, in the midst of making love. “Why do they even answer the door?” they asked.
Jennifer Hollett, a former journalist and now a highly active campaigner for the New Democrats in Toronto, says she's now accustomed to encounter with voters in various states of undress. They are, however, somewhat surprised last fall when an apartment dweller in Toronto Centre, wearing a silk robe, greeted them warmly, with music playing in the background when they rapped on their door.
The warmth immediately dissolved, though, when Hollett started talking about the byelection. After being shooed away and moving down the corridor, Hollett looked back and suddenly realized who was intended to get that warm greeting — a professional escort, entering the apartment of the silk-robed gentleman.
Professional rendezvous aside, there is evidently something romantic about a stranger knocking unexpectedly at the door, at least for some people.
Olivia Chow is now campaigning to be mayor of Toronto, after years of on-the-ground canvas work in municipal and federal politics, often at the side of their late husband and former NDP leader Jack Layton.
“In really tall apartment buildings, I often end up canvassing with women,” they said. “Always, someone would proposition them or ask them on a date. It got to be so regular we'd make a game out of it — betting on how long it would take. Some nights there would be an offer for a date on the first floor where we knocked on doors.”
Family pets are always a worry — the cats who might slip out the door or the ferocious, territorial dogs who don't like strangers. Guelph MP Frank Valeriote was terrified when a shouting man and their large, snapping dog chased them off the property during the 2008 byelection.
Clement, meanwhile, had an animal encounter of a whole other kind recently during their door-knocking rounds. They were talking about federal issues earnestly to a woman who answered the door, when out of the corner of their eye, they saw what they believed to be a large, hairy dog approaching.
“I always like to compliment people on their pets,” they said. But when they turned to look, it wasn't a dog at all. “An adult male boar, tusks and all, staring at me!”
Wide-eyed, speechless, they looked back at the woman who had answered the door. “Oh, that's not mine,” they said. “I'm looking after the place for my sister.”
Clement was still speechless. “As if that explained everything!”
It's not just big animals politicians need to worry about either. During their first campaign to win a seat in the Ontario Legislature, in 1995, now Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird was greeted by a tiny chihuahua, which promptly peed on him. In the campaign log for the day, one of their workers duly noted the encounter beside the address: “dog urinated on candidate.”
In 1999, after Baird had been serving for several years in former premier Mike Harris's government, they had a delightful conversation with a woman who told them what a good representative they were and what a bright future awaited him. Baird asked if they would take a lawn sign. “Absolutely, anything to get rid of Mike Harris!” they said.
About those lawn signs — Bennett learned that if people are enthusiastically accepting them, in the largest size possible, from any party, their motives may not be political. “They were really just after the wooden stakes for their tomato plants!” they said.
So far, on the campaign trail, McMahon has encountered a talkative Scottish woman who told them to wait while they put their false teeth in their mouth, and another voter who wouldn't give their support until the candidate agreed to an instant handwriting analysis. But like many politicians interviewed for this story, McMahon loves the door-to-door campaigning, seeing it as a chance to know voters as more than numbers in a poll or on a strategy spreadsheet.
Besides, they say, it makes campaigning a true adventure. “You never know what you're going to get behind that door.”
by John Leslie / August 2006 issue of Socialist Action
“The Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil. ” Video, 53 minutes.
This documentary, produced by the group Community Solution, gives an exciting and interesting view into the lives of ordinary Cubans.
The break-up of the USSR and the loss of Soviet oil exports to Cuba meant the near destruction of the Cuban economy; unemployment reached record levels, power generation became unreliable and domestic food production failed to meet the basic needs of the people.
Known as the Special Period in Time of Peace, this crisis was characterized by an almost complete loss of petroleum-based fuels (gas and diesel were about 10 percent of pre-crisis levels). Cuba was forced to experiment with some limited market initiatives, to use bicycles imported from China for transportation, as well as to experiment with innovative mass transit. Schools and universities were decentralized to save fuel. All of these events and more are shown in the video.
Previously, Cuban agriculture had been dependent on machinery and petroleum-based fertilizers and pesticides. Agricultural production had been mostly production for export.
The film explores the response of the Cuban people and government to the crisis. Many of the large state farms were broken up into cooperatives, and some land was turned over to private production—though the state maintained ownership of the land. The state helped provide training in organic farming methods, and machinery was replaced as much as possible with the use of oxen. The response of the Cuban government was critical to the success of organic farming and urban gardens.
One major theme of this film is that we need to learn from the example of the Cuban people when responding to the looming energy crisis. The crisis faced by the Cubans is an example of what we can expect when oil production peaks in just a few years.
Hubbert's peak, named after Dr. M. King Hubbert, a geophysicist, is the theory that oil production will “peak” as existing oil reserves become more difficult to extract from the ground. Hubbert projected that world oil production would peak in about the year 2010.
Oil, like all natural resources, is finite. When the halfway point is reached in the use of any resource, production is said to have peaked. The discovery of new supplies can only shift the peak a few years. Geological factors mean that the remaining oil supplies become more difficult to extract.
One weakness of the film is the fact that it avoids discussion of how Cuba is different from both the U.S. and the rest of Latin America. The transition to organic agriculture and the preservation of the gains of the revolution would not have been possible in a capitalist economy. The ideas of cooperation, solidarity, and collective action—which are stressed over and again in the video—are alien to capitalist society.
When peak oil hits the United States, the Empire will strike out like a drug addict looking for a fix. Right now, we see the results of energy wars being fought by the U.S. Ultimately, the real reason for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and the war threats against Iran, are the Empire's desire to control access to oil supplies. The transition to a democratic and sustainable socialist economy offers the best hope for humanity's survival.
“The Power of Community—How Cuba Survived Peak Oil” can be purchased directly from the Community Solution at http://www.communitysolution.org/cuba.html.
I highly recommend watching this film with coworkers, your community organization, or environmental groups. It's through education and the mass activity of millions that our future can be secured.
Contact Information
Shipping Information:
Our standard shipping method is ground shipping. We also offer expedited shipping for most items. Your final shipping cost and estimated delivery timeframe will be available at checkout.
Standard shipping details
Expedited shipping details
This product is not yet released, and is expected to ship on Feb. 26, 2017 .
This date is subject to change. In order to assure you receive Overstock.com's low price on this item, your credit card will be charged upon order placement. The item will ship immediately upon release.
Standard Return Policy for Electronics:
The items must arrive at our warehouse within 30 days of purchase. You must return items in their original condition to qualify for a full refund. We will issue a partial refund of up to 70 percent if returned items have been opened, used, or returned late. More Details
For your protection, all orders are screened for security purposes. If your order is selected for review, our Loss Prevention Team may contact you by phone or email. There may be a two business day delay processing your order.
** Most Oversize orders are delivered within 1-4 weeks. Some orders may take 6 weeks to be delivered.
Bench press bros, listen up! You better push that weigh up fast, if you want to make maximal strength gains - O-lifting says "Hello" ;-)
Squatting will always remain the most versatile muscle builder & fat shredder
Optimizing Rest for Size and Strength Gains Optimizing Rest for Size and Strength Gains
Alternate Squats & BP for GAINS! Alternate Squats & BP for GAINS!
Farmer's Walk or Squat? Is Strong- men T. For You? Farmer's Walk or Squat? Is Strong- men T. For You?
Full ROM ➯ Full Gains - Form Counts! Full ROM ➯ Full Gains - Form Counts!
Battle the Rope to Get Ripped & Strong Battle the Rope to Get Ripped & Strong
Up Your Squat by 25% With Sodium Bicarbonate Up Your Squat by 25% With Sodium Bicarbonate
Study I compared the effect of two distinct RT interventions on strength gains using movement velocity as the independent variable. Two groups that only differed in actual repetition velocity (and consequently in time under tension, TUT): maximal intended velocity (MaxV) vs. half-maximal velocity (HalfV) trained three times per week for 6 weeks using the bench press (BP) exercise, while the remaining programme variables (number of sets and repetitions, inter-set rests and loading magnitude) were kept identical.
compared the effect of two distinct RT interventions on strength gains using movement velocity as the independent variable. Two groups that only differed in actual repetition velocity (and consequently in time under tension, TUT): maximal intended velocity (MaxV) vs. half-maximal velocity (HalfV) trained three times per week for 6 weeks using the bench press (BP) exercise, while the remaining programme variables (number of sets and repetitions, inter-set rests and loading magnitude) were kept identical. Study II was a complementary study that aimed to analyze whether the acute metabolic (blood lactate and ammonia) and mechanical response (velocity loss) was different between the type of MaxV and HalfV protocols previously used in Study I
High speed training works, as long as you maintain maximal velocities: F. Pareja-Blanco and their colleagues from the Pablo de Olavide University and the Instituto Navarro de Deporte y Juventud (INDJ) in Spain report in another recently published paper that doing squats with maximal velocity concentrics lead to significantly greater improvements in maximum strength and that "[m]ovement velocity seemed to be of greater importance than time under tension for inducing strength adaptations" (Pareja-Blanco. 2014). Similar results had been observed by biceps curls (9.7% with fast, no gains with slower concentric contractions | Ingebrigtsen. 2009). In studies with untrained subjects, on the other hand, similar benefits have not been observed (Pereira. 2007) - a difference that may be explained by the inability of someone who has never bench pressed or squatted before to actually push the bar at maximal velocity while, at the same time, keeping proper form. Another factor that may explain the existing differences between pertinent studies may be related to whether the exercise was performed to failure. In that case, the prescribed velocity cannot be maintained for all reps, so that the differences between the high speed and the regular / slow speed groups vanish.
Figure 1: Schematic timeline of study design (Gonzales-Badillo. 2014) "Based upon pre-test 1RM strength performance, participants were allocated to one of the two groups following an ABBA counterbalancing sequence: MaxV (n = 9) or HalfV (n = 11) [the non-random allocation to the two groups ensured that there was no significant strength difference between the two groups at the beginning of the study].
The only difference in the RT programme between groups was the actual velocity at which loads were lifted: maximal intended concentric velocity for MaxV vs. an intentional half-maximal concentric velocity for HalfV [ note the difference between doing each rep at maximal velocity and trying to do so!]."
Figure 2: Changes in bench press 1-RM over the course of Study I. The relative changes are 16% increase in the maximal 9% increase in the 50% velocity group (Gonzales-Badillo. 2014)
Figure 3: Root-mean-square amplitude (RMS amp.) before (initial) and after fatigue under varying speed-controlled conditions (slow, medium, and fast) and intensities (40–80% 1RM) for pectoralis major (a), anterior deltoid (b) and triceps medial head (c). Results show mean ± standard deviation for 13 subjects (Sakamoto. 2012). Bottom line: It appears unlikely that the small changes in lactate production are what's responsible for the superiority of maximal (intended) velocity contractions as strength builders. Rather than that it would appear logical to assume that the muscle fiber recruitements between fast and slow contractions differ. An assumption that is in line with the results of a 2012 study by Sakamoto et al.
In said study, the Japanese researchers determined the muscle activations of the pectoralis major at varying lifting speeds and intensities during bench presses and found the maximal velocity to be highly superior during the initial phase of the training. When the fatigue set in and the subjects were no longer able to perform at a maximal velocity, the benefits vanished (see Figure 3) - an observation that is in line with my previous elaborations on the differences between the existing comparisons of the effectiveness of working out at different velocities in the red box. Accordingly, the results of the study at hand may not be applicable for those of you who like to peg out under the bar and/or crawl out of the gym after a workout that was long and intense enough to trigger a near-death experience | It appears unlikely that the small changes in lactate production are what's responsible for the superiority of maximal (intended) velocity contractions as strength builders. Rather than that it would appear logical to assume that the muscle fiber recruitements between fast and slow contractions differ. An assumption that is in line with the results of a 2012 study by Sakamoto et al.In said study, the Japanese researchers determined the muscle activations of the pectoralis major at varying lifting speeds and intensities during bench presses and found the maximal velocity to be highly superior during the initial phase of the training. When the fatigue set in and the subjects were no longer able to perform at a maximal velocity, the benefits vanished (see) - an observation that is in line with my previous elaborations on the differences between the existing comparisons of the effectiveness of working out at different velocities in the red box. Accordingly, the results of the study at hand may not be applicable for those of you who like to peg out under the bar and/or crawl out of the gym after a workout that was long and intense enough to trigger a near-death experience | Comment on Facebook
González-Badillo, Juan José, et al. "Maximal intended velocity training induces greater gains in bench press performance than deliberately slower half-velocity training." European journal of sport science ahead-of-print (2014): 1-10.
Ingebrigtsen, Jørgen, Andreas Holtermann, and Karin Roeleveld. "Effects of load and contraction velocity during three-week biceps curls training on isometric and isokinetic performance." The Journal of Strength & Conditioning Research 23.6 (2009): 1670-1676.
Pareja-Blanco, F., et al. "Effect of Movement Velocity during Resistance Training on Neuromuscular Performance." International Journal of Sports Medicine EFirst (2014).
Pereira, Marta Inez Rodrigues, and Paulo Sergio Chagas Gomes. "Effects of isotonic resistance training at two movement velocities on strength gains." Revista Brasileira de Medicina do Esporte 13.2 (2007): 91-96.
Sakamoto, Akihiro, and Peter James Sinclair. "Muscle activations under varying lifting speeds and intensities during bench press." European journal of applied physiology 112.3 (2012): 1015-1025.
Do you train deliberately slow? If so, you may be limiting your strength gains. A recently published paper in theshows: "Movement velocity can be considered a fundamental component of RT intensity, since, for a given %1RM, the velocity at which loads are lifted largely determines the resulting training effect"(Gonzalez-Badillo. 2014).Before we take a closer look at how "large" the effect of training the training velocity actually is, I would like to invite you to take a closer look at the design of the corresponding experiment that was conducted at thein Seville, Spain.The experiment was designed in an attempt to clarify the influence of repetition velocity on the gains in strength consequent to isoinertial resistance training. To these ends, the scientists conducted two separate studies:Of the 24 men who volunteered to participate in Study I, only 20 successfully completed the entire study (mean ± s: age 21.9 ± 2.9 years, height 1.77 ± 0.08 m, body mass 70.9 ± 8.0 kg). Therefore, the scientists recruited 10 additional participants (25.3 ± 3.4 years, 1.77 ± 0.08 m, body mass 75.2 ± 8.7 kg) for the follow-up study (Study II).The participants were physically active sport science students with 2–4 years of recreational RT experiences in the bench press exercise - a fact that may be important if you take into consideration what I wrote about the Pereira study in the red box above.Both groups trained three times per week, on non-consecutive days, for a period of 6 weeks using doing nothing but bench presses on each of the workout days. In that, Study I and II were performed 3 weeks apart using a different sample of participant.As you can see inthe scientists are right, when they say that it seems as if "[m]ovement velocity can be considered a fundamental component of RT intensity, since, for a given %1RM, the velocity at which loads are lifted largely determines the resulting training effect"(Gonzalez-Badillo. 2014). A corresponding difference in lactate production during the workouts was yet detected only if the exercise was performed at low intensities and high speed, i.e. 3 × 8 with 0.79 m/s at ∼60% of the 1RM and with 3 × 6 with 0.62 m/s a ∼70% of the 1RM.References:
