The Latest on the scathing resignation letter penned by outgoing Indiana Department of Child Services chief Mary Beth Bonaventura (all times local):
3 p.m.
Gov. Eric Holcomb is disputing allegations by their outgoing child welfare chief accusing their administration of slashing funding while Indiana is in the midst of an opioid crisis.
The Republican governor said Monday that funding for the Department of Child Services has actually increased over the recent years, not decreased.
Holcomb says that they share the same commitment to children as outgoing agency director Mary Beth Bonaventura. They were appointed in 2013 to lead the agency by former Gov. Mike Pence, who is now vice president.
Bonaventura wrote in a scathing resignation letter dated Dec. 12 that "lives will be lost and families ruined" by service cuts mandated by Holcomb's administration.
Holcomb said they were grateful to Bonaventura for their service to the state. They wished their good luck.
___
12:18 p.m.
A Democratic Statehouse leader says a scathing resignation letter penned by Indiana's child welfare chief raises "highly disturbing questions" about Gov. Eric Holcomb's administration.
House Minority Leader Terry Goodin says Mary Beth Bonaventura's resignation draws into question Holcomb's commitment to protecting children. Bonaventura says budget cuts pursued by the Republican governor in the midst of an opioid addiction crisis could mean "lives will be lost and families ruined."
Goodin praised the job Bonaventura has done leading Indiana's Department of Child Services since 2013. They also called for an investigation into the allegations made in their resignation letter.
Goodin says Republicans have made maintaining the state's roughly $1.8 billion budget surplus a "higher priority" than protecting children.
Holcomb's office has not responded to Bonaventura's allegations
___
6:19 a.m.
The director of Indiana's child welfare agency says she's quitting because Gov. Eric Holcomb's administration has hurt their ability to protect children.
Mary Beth Bonaventura's resignation letter was obtained by the Indianapolis Star . They told the governor that their staff is cutting their budget and services in the midst of the opioid crisis.
Bonaventura fears "lives will be lost and families ruined" if changes aren't made. They say chief of staff Eric Miller was placed in their office by the governor, despite having no child welfare experience.
They say Miller is "bent on slashing" the budget and putting children at risk.
Bonaventura is stepping down Dec. 27 after nearly five years as director of the Indiana Department of Child Services. She's a former judge in Lake County.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
12/18/2017 3:04:28 PM (GMT -5:00)
For several months, EFF has been following the movement around Bitcoin, an electronic payment system that touts itself as "the first decentralized digital currency." We helped inform our members about this unique project through our blog and we experimented with accepting Bitcoin donations for several months in an account that was started by others.
However, we've recently removed the Bitcoin donation option from the Other Ways to Help page on the EFF website, and we have decided to not accept Bitcoins. We decided on this course of action for a few reasons:
1. We don't fully understand the complex legal issues involved with creating a new currency system. Bitcoin raises untested legal concerns related to securities law, the Stamp Payments Act, tax evasion, consumer protection and money laundering, among others. And that's just in the U.S. While EFF is often the defender of people ensnared in legal issues arising from new technologies, we try very hard to keep EFF from becoming the actual subject of those fights or issues. Since there is no caselaw on this topic, and the legal implications are still very unclear, we worry that our acceptance of Bitcoins may move us into the possible subject role.
2. We don't want to mislead our donors. When people make a donation to a nonprofit like EFF, they expect us to use their donation to support our work. Because the legal territory around exchanging Bitcoins into cash is still uncertain, we are not comfortable spending the many Bitcoins we have accumulated. Because of this, we're giving the Bitcoins that have been accumulated, or that may accumulate in the future, in the account set up in our name to the Bitcoin faucet, so that they can continue to circulate in the community.1
3. People were misconstruing our acceptance of Bitcoins as an endorsement of Bitcoin. We were concerned that some people may have participated in the Bitcoin project specifically because EFF accepted Bitcoins, and perhaps they therefore believed the investment in Bitcoins was secure and risk-free. While we've been following the Bitcoin movement with a great degree of interest, EFF has never endorsed Bitcoin. In fact, we generally don't endorse any type of product or service – and Bitcoin is no exception.
We appreciate the outpouring of support we have received from the Bitcoin community and we share that community's commitment to privacy and innovation. We also appreciate their frustration with the privacy problems posed by existing on-line payment systems. However, EFF will no longer be accepting or spending Bitcoins.
We paired up Britain's most celebrated scientists to chat about the big issues: the unity of life, ethics, energy, Handel – and the joy of riding a snowmobile
Sir David Attenborough, 84, is a naturalist and broadcaster. They studied geology and zoology at Cambridge before joining the BBC in 1952 and presenting landmark series including Life On Earth (1979), The Living Planet (1984) and, recently, Life. Richard Dawkins, 69, was educated at Oxford, later lectured there and became its first professor of the public understanding of science. An evolutionary biologist, they are the author of 10 books, including The Selfish Gene (1976), The God Delusion (2006) and The Greatest Show On Earth (2009).  They are now working on a children's book, The Magic Of Reality.
What is the one bit of science from your field that you think everyone should know?
David Attenborough: The unity of life.
Richard Dawkins: The unity of life that comes about through evolution, since we're all descended from a single common ancestor. It's almost too good to be true, that on one planet this extraordinary complexity of life should have come about by what is pretty much an intelligible process. And we're the only species capable of understanding it.
Where and when do you do your best thinking?
DA: I've no idea. All I know is if I'm stuck with something and go to bed, I wake up with the answer.
RD: That's a fascinating phenomenon, isn't it?
DA: That's if I find the answer at all.
RD: Very few people say, "I think I'll have an hour's thinking now."
DA: Mathematicians do. I had an uncle who was a mathematician, and one of their students said, "How long can you think for?" They said, "I sometimes manage two or three minutes." And this young man said, "I've never managed more than 90 seconds." Of course, that's abstract thinking, and by and large I'm not an abstract thinker.
What distracts you?
RD: The internet.
DA: I used to work to music, but I can't now. Music is too important not to give it my full attention.
What problem do you hope scientists will have solved by the end of the century?
DA: The production of energy without any deleterious effects. The problem is then we'd be so powerful, there'd be no restraint and we'd continue wrecking everything. Solar energy would be preferable to nuclear. If you could harness it to produce desalination, you could make the Sahara bloom.
RD: I was thinking more academically: the problem of human consciousness.
Can you remember the moment you decided to become a scientist?
RD: I only became fired up in my second year of a science degree. Unlike you, I was never a boy naturalist, to my regret. It was more the intellectual, philosophical questions that interested me.
DA: I am a naturalist rather than a scientist. Simply looking at a flower or a frog has always seemed to me to be just about the most interesting thing there is. Others say human beings are pretty interesting, which they are, but as a child you're not interested in Auntie Flo's psychology; you're interested in how a dragonfly larva turns into a dragonfly.
RD: Yes, it's carrying inside it two entirely separate blueprints, two different programmes.
DA: I couldn't believe it! I remember asking an adult, "What goes on inside a cocoon?" and they said, "The caterpillar is totally broken down into a kind of soup. And then it starts again." And I remember saying, "That can't be right." As a procedure, you can't imagine how it evolved.
What is the most common misconception about your work?
RD: I know you're working on a programme about Cambrian and pre-Cambrian fossils, David. A lot of people might think, "These are very old animals, at the beginning of evolution; they weren't very good at what they did." I suspect that isn't the case?
DA: They were just as good, but as generalists, most were ousted from the competition.
RD: So it probably is true there's a progressive element to evolution in the short term but not in the long term – that when a lineage branches out, it gets better for about five million years but not 500 million years. You wouldn't see progressive improvement over that kind of time scale.
DA: No, things get more and more specialised. Not necessarily better.
RD: The "camera" eyes of any modern animal would be better than what had come before.
DA: Certainly... but they don't elaborate beyond function. When I listen to a soprano sing a Handel aria with an astonishing coloratura from that particular larynx, I say to myself, there has to be a biological reason that was useful at some stage. The larynx of a human being did not evolve without having some function. And the only function I can see is sexual attraction.
RD: Sexual selection is important and probably underrated.
DA: What I like to think is that if I think the male bird of paradise is beautiful, my appreciation of it is precisely the same as a female bird of paradise.
Which living scientist do you most admire, and why?
RD: David Attenborough.
DA: I don't know. People say Richard Feynman had one of these extraordinary minds that could grapple with ideas of which I have no concept. And you hear all the ancillary bits – like they were a good bongo player – that make them human. So I admire this man who could not only deal with string theory but also play the bongos. But they are beyond me. I have no idea what they were talking of.
RD: There does seem to be a sense in which physics has gone beyond what human intuition can understand. We shouldn't be too surprised about that because we're evolved to understand things that move at a medium pace at a medium scale. We can't cope with the very tiny scale of quantum physics or the very large scale of relativity.
DA: A physicist will tell me that this armchair is made of vibrations and that it's not really here at all. But when Samuel Johnson was asked to prove the material existence of reality, they just went up to a big stone and kicked it. I'm with him.
RD: It's intriguing that the chair is mostly empty space and the thing that stops you going through it is vibrations or energy fields. But it's also fascinating that, because we're animals that evolved to survive, what solidity is to most of us is something you can't walk through. Also, the science of the future may be vastly different from the science of today, and you have to have the humility to admit when you don't know. But instead of filling that vacuum with goblins or spirits, I think you should say, "Science is working on it."
DA: Yes, there was a letter in the paper [about Stephen Hawking's comments on the nonexistence of God] saying, "It's absolutely clear that the function of the world is to declare the glory of God." I thought, what does that sentence mean?!
What keeps you awake at night?
DA: Worrying about things I worked at too late in the evening.
RD: I have the same problem.
What has been the most exciting moment of your career?
DA: One would be when I first dived on a coral reef and I was able to move among a world of unrevealed complexity.
RD: Something to do with a puzzle being solved – things fall into place and you see a different way of looking at things which suddenly makes sense.
DA: We are living in the most exciting intellectual time in history. In my lifetime we have discovered such profundities, such huge principles. When I was an undergraduate, I went to the professor of geology and said, "Would you talk to us about the way that continents are drifting?" And they said, "The moment we can demonstrate that continents are moving by a millimetre, I will consider it, but until then it's sheer moonshine, dear boy." And within five years of me leaving Cambridge, it was confirmed, and all the problems disappeared – why Australian animals were different – that one thing changed our understanding and made sense of everything. When I made Life On Earth, we had to start with really complex organisms because the ecology of the very first oceans was not known. But you're doing a child's book? Tell me about it.
RD: It's about science more generally. Each chapter begins with the myths, so in the sun chapter, for instance, we have an Aztec myth, an ancient Egyptian myth, an Aboriginal myth. It is called The Magic Of Reality and one of the problems I'm facing is the distinction between the use of the word magic, as in a magic trick, and the magic of the universe, life on Earth, which one uses in a poetic way.
DA: No, I think there's a distinction between magic and wonder. Magic, in my view, should be restricted to things that are actually not so. Rabbits don't really live in hats. It's magic.
RD: OK, but what if you took a top hat and all you can see inside is some little boring brown things, and then one splits and out emerges a butterfly?
DA: Yes, that's wonderful. But it's not magic.
RD: OK. Well, you're rather dissing my title...
DA: The wonder of reality? But that's rather corny.
RD: Yes, it's a bit like "awesome".
Who is your favourite fictional scientist?
RD: The one I can think of is Conan Doyle's Professor Challenger, but they were a very irascible character and not a good role model.
DA: I don't read fiction.
What is the most difficult ethical dilemma facing science today?
DA: How far do you go to preserve individual human life?
RD: That's a good one, yes.
DA: I mean, what are we to do with the NHS? How can you put a value in pounds, shillings and pence on an individual's life? There was a case with a bowel cancer drug – if you gave that drug, which costs several thousand pounds, it continued life for six weeks on. How can you make that decision?
Wx is a pain to install on Windows using ActivePerl 5.10.1 and a MS compiler. This post details one way of installing it.
I got in touch with the maintainer of Wx after writing this post. Save for the incompatibility with VS6, all the issues listed in this post have been resolved. See Re: Installation instructions for Wx (wxWidgets fomerly wxWindows) using ActivePerl (update) for details.
It crashes Visual Studio 6's compiler, so start by upgrading your compiler:
Download "Visual C++ 2008 Express edition". Install it under C:\Progs (Adjust at will, but I didn't try a path with a space in it)
Now we need the library. If you let Alien::wxWidgets download and build it, it won't patch it to have it embed the manifest files into the DLL files, causing DLL errors and malfunctions when you try to some aspects of Wx. I could patch Alien::wxWidgets to patch wxWidget's makefile, but I decide to just patch wxWidget's makefile. That means the patches Alien::wxWidgets wants to apply [1] [2] won't get applied.
Download wxWidgets-2.8.10 Install it in C:\Progs\wxWidgets-2.8.10 (Adjust at will, but I didn't try a path with a space in it)
It might be a good idea to upgrade your Perl tool chain. You want at least:
I had the following installed:
Then, open up a console and execute the following commands in turn. As is, it's not suitable to be copy and pasted in its entirety or put in a batch file.
Note that the process takes a while. The longest step, building "msw", takes an hour or more on my aging machine.
"C:\Progs\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0\VC\vcvarsall" C: cd \Progs\wxWidgets-2.8.10 cd build\msw nmake -f makefile.vc SHARED=1 BUILD=release cd ..\.. cd contrib\build\stc nmake -f makefile.vc SHARED=1 BUILD=release cd ..\..\.. cd lib\vc_dll for %q in (*.manifest) do ( mt -nologo -manifest %q -outputresource:%~nq;2 del %q ) cd ..\.. set WXDIR=C:\Progs\wxWidgets-2.8.10 set WXWIN=C:\Progs\wxWidgets-2.8.10 C: cd \ md stager cd stager lwp-request http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/M/MB/MBARBON/Alien- + wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz > Alien-wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz perl -MArchive::Tar -e"Archive::Tar->new->read($ARGV[0],1,{extract=>1} + )" Alien-wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz cd Alien-wxWidgets-0.47 perl -i.bak -pe"s/config => \{ cc => \$cc, ld => \K(?=\$cc })/\$cc eq + 'cl' ? 'link' : /" lib\Alien\wxWidgets\Utility.pm perl Makefile.PL INSTALLDIRS=site -> Should ask "Do you want to fetch and build wxWidgets from source + s?". Use default "no". nmake nmake test nmake install cd .. rd /s/q Alien-wxWidgets-0.47 del Alien-wxWidgets-0.47.tar.gz lwp-request http://search.cpan.org/CPAN/authors/id/M/MB/MBARBON/Wx-0.9 + 4.tar.gz > Wx-0.94.tar.gz perl -MArchive::Tar -e"Archive::Tar->new->read($ARGV[0],1,{extract=>1} + )" Wx-0.94.tar.gz cd Wx-0.94 perl -i.bak -pe"s/^sub \K(?=dynamic_lib \{$)/DELETED_/" build\Wx\build + \MakeMaker\Win32_MSVC.pm perl -i.bak -pe"s/new wxCursor\( name, \K(?=type, hsx, hsy \))/(long)/ + " xs\Cursor.xs perl Makefile.PL INSTALLDIRS=site --extra-cflags="/FIstdlib.h" nmake nmake test nmake install cd .. rd /s/q Wx-0.94 del Wx-0.94.tar.gz cd .. rd stager [download]
Finally, you may uninstall wxWidgets-2.8.10 since Alien::wxWidgets made a copy of the files Wx needs into Perl's lib. To uninstall wxWidgets-2.8.10,
Run the uninstaller found via Start | Programs, then Delete the directory C:\Progs\wxWidgets-2.8.10
Doing so will free up 500MB.
I recommend that you get Wx::Demo.
"C:\Progs\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0\VC\vcvarsall" cpan Wx::Demo [download]
You can launch the demo using
It warns that it's "skipping module 'Wx::DemoModules::wxHVScrolledWindow'". I think it's a problem with the demo, not a problem with Wx.
Update: Many small tweaks to the text parts. Last one on Dec 22, 2009 at 10:21 EST
Update: Modified the paragraph starting with "Now we need the library". Dec 30, 2009 at 10:06 EST
TL; DR: One of the earliest operating systems based on the Linux kernel, Debian provides users access to more than 50,000 free software packages for everything from editing documents and running a business to playing games and building websites. A global community of developers has contributed to the free software platform for more than 20 years, organized by an annually elected Project Leader. Currently at the helm is Chris Lamb, who shared their history with the platform, favorite components, and what's in store for future releases.
Despite a lifelong interest in computers and programming, Chris Lamb didn't use modern hardware until relatively recently. Their first computer was 10 years old — they were only eight — and had somehow survived flying through a car's windshield during a traffic accident.
In the days long before one-click installations, they ordered a five-CD set from Red Hat — only to discover their computer lacked the 12MB of RAM needed to install the Linux distribution. Fortuitously, the company they had ordered from would send old installation disks for free and had included an outdated version of Debian.
“It was completely suited to my old computer and didn't require 12MB of RAM,” Chris said. “I don't think Debian, even today, requires that amount of RAM to install. I quite liked how it installed, the packaging system, and everything on the disk.”
Debian and its global network of developers, contributors, and users continue to enjoy widespread popularity today behind a massive repository of free software, along with superb stability, performance, and personal, grassroots support.
Open-Source Involvement: From First Contribution to Project Leader
Chris eventually upgraded their hardware and switched to Windows before returning to the current Debian release, Sarge, while they were at university.
The operating system once had a reputation for moving slowly with new releases, so Chris found a website in late 2006 listing the critical bugs that needed to be patched before the new version, Etch, could be released.
“Many of the bugs made zero sense to me,” they said. “I had no idea, and it was mostly out of my league.”
However, they noticed a bug in LilyPond, a package for musical notation. As a longtime cello player, Chris began troubleshooting and sent a patch to the package maintainer.
“He was so enthusiastic about my patch, even though I think it was only one line or something really trivial,” Chris said. “His response, and that it actually got into a release, felt amazing.”
Since then, Chris said they are constantly reminded about the “irrational power” of providing attribution for patches.
“There is something in there that's mine, and it's running on a whole bunch of systems around the world,” they said. “It doesn't necessarily make sense, but it's really cool. That got me hooked.”
From that first patch, Chris began contributing more regularly and eventually became an official Debian developer in 2008.
“It gives you voting rights and things like that, but really, it gives you the @debian.org address,” they joked. “That's what people really want — the cool address.”
After working with tech startups in London for several years, Chris opted to become a freelance software engineer and spend more time working on Debian. After a while, they thought their background in the startup world could provide a fresh perspective to the free software realm in which Debian resides. In April 2017, they were elected to a one-year term as Project Leader.
“I'm quite surprised, and really quite flattered and honored,” they said. “I had always looked up to whoever was the leader but never thought I had the time or technical chops or communication skills to do that myself.”
Chris's Favorite Advantages to Using and Developing With Debian
Because the role of Project Leader actually carries very little authority in the Debian community, according to Chris, they have continued to enjoy a blurred existence as both a Debian user and a developer. In that vein, Chris shared some of their favorite Debian attributes that influence their work as a freelance software engineer.
“It has always been Debian's strength in moving slightly slower,” they said. “It's not subject to one person's whims that can then be reversed. As a user, you invest emotionally in certain aspects of a project or certain technologies. If they can be hastily or incorrectly reversed, that can be really unmotivating.”
1. Stable Releases Provide Reliable Security
The methodical approach to maintaining free software means that Debian publishes new releases roughly every 18 months. The current version, Stretch, was released in June 2017, meaning the next version is due out in late 2018.
The strength and stability behind Debian mean that users can rely on the system long after new releases are distributed; security and support are reliable for years, according to Chris.
“You're not pushed to move to something new on the day of the release,” they said. “If it's working, you can just leave it be.”
2. Diverse Support Means No Desktop Restrictions
Although GNOME might be the unofficial default environment, of sorts, Debian equally supports projects such as GNOME, KDE, Cinnamon, and LXDE.
“There are no first- or second-class citizens, which is great for technical users,” they said, adding that they use the awesome™ window manager. “The scope of the project is so broad, and it speaks to the technical and cultural diversity of the people using and contributing to Debian.”
Up Next: Reproducible Builds, Testing, and a New Release
Before becoming Project Leader, Chris joined the platform's reproducible builds team to help create a verifiable path from the source code of software programs to the binary code used by computers. Most Debian software is distributed as precompiled packages.
“When you install something, you're compiling this source code and trusting that someone has been through it with a fine-tooth comb, not modified it, and distributed it in a sane and safe way,” Chris said. “There's this chain of trust that's missing.”
The motivation behind reproducible builds is to certify that no accidental or malicious flaws have been introduced during compilation. Debian would become the first major Linux distribution to achieve this milestone.
“We do this by promising that every time you rebuild a package, you get the exact same, identical results,” they said. “You should be able to build the package and get a certain checksum. You do it again, and you should get the same result.”
Chris, who said they find reproducible builds similar to addictive crossword puzzles, was awarded a grant in late 2016 from the Core Infrastructure Initiative of The Linux Foundation.
Meanwhile, the Debian community is gearing up to release a new update late next year. According to Chris, the developers and Debian community face interesting “social challenges” when deciding whether to integrate modern package managers, such as Flatpak, or concentrate on the system's Advanced Package Tool, or APT. Also on the docket for consideration are accommodating web applications and expanded processes for testing and QA.
Leading a Global Community of Free Software Developers
While running for Project Leader, Chris expressed an interest in organizing more in-person gatherings, streamlining the onboarding and collaboration environments, along with expanding an outreach initiative akin to GNOME's Outreachy project.
“I was very pleased to announce we've doubled the number of outreach students that Debian is funding this year,” Chris said. “It attracts new people to our project and promotes diversity in all types of gender, race, income, background, and technical abilities.”
Chris appreciates DebConf, the platform's annual gathering, for uniting users and contributors from a variety of perspectives and experiences.
“As Project Leader, it has been really interested in terms of who it means you get to speak to,” they said, alluding to having to handle everything from interpersonal relationships within Debian teams to communicating with Microsoft about creating a Windows subsystem. “The issues that people raise are often quite different, and often, there are no easy answers.”
Molly Huddle runs to a win in the women's 5,000 meters on June 27 at the USATF Outdoor Championships in Sacramento, Calif. (Photo: Getty Images )
Elmira native Molly Huddle broke their own American women's record in the 5,000-meter run Friday at an IAAF Diamond League meet in Monaco.
Huddle, 29, finished sixth in 14 minutes, 42.64 seconds at the Stade Louis II to shatter the record of 14:44.76 they set at a Diamond League meet in Brussels, Belgium, on Aug. 27, 2010.
“I am happy I was able to chip away at the record and take advantage of the famously fast Monaco track,” they wrote in a text message.
“I feel really fortunate and well-coached to have hit many of my race goals this year. It has been a great year of (personal records) so far, which I savor as I know they get harder to come by the older I get.”
The race started just before 9 p.m. Monaco time (3 p.m. Eastern time).
“Naturally I'm pleased and I'm proud of her,” their father, Bob Huddle, said after following the race online from Elmira. “Before they left I talked to them and said 14:39 to 14:41. This is really good and I think it's a good, honest indication of their performance level.
“I think to break your own record is pretty amazing.”
Genzebe Dibaba of Ethiopia won Friday's race in 14:28.88, the top time in the world this year. Almaz Ayana of Ethiopia was second in 14:29.19 and was followed by Kenyans Viola Jelagat Kibiwot (14:33.73), Sally Kipyego (14:37.18) and Betsy Saina (14:39.49).
“Fortunately for me it was the the perfect race for me,” Huddle said in an interview with flotrack.org. “I just tried to get into a comfortable spot and pay attention to my splits. I knew it would be a gut check with five laps to go and then again with two laps to go and then again with one lap to go. I just pushed until I went past it.”
American Shannon Rowbury finished eighth in a personal-best 14:48.68. Huddle looked back a few times at Rowbury during the middle of the race.
“I was trying to see where Shannon was. I knew they were going for the record as well,” Huddle told flotrack.org.
Before Huddle broke the American record in 2010, Shalane Flanagan held it with a time of 14:44.80 from 2007.
Huddle has had a very strong 2014 that included a victory in the women's 5,000 at the U.S. Outdoor Track and Field Championships at Sacramento State University in California on June 27.
They broke Mary Decker's 30-year-old American record in winning the Oakley New York Mini 10K on June 14 at New York's Central Park.
Huddle finished second in the 10,000 at the Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational at Stanford University on May 4, won the Boston Athletic Association 5K on April 19, and placed third in the New York City Half Marathon on March 16.
Last November they set a world record in the 12-kilometer run at the U.S. National Road Racing Championships in Alexandria, Va.
Huddle finished 11th in the 5K at the 2012 London Olympics and last year their sixth-place finish in the event at the IAAF World Championships was the best ever for an American woman. Bob Huddle said Friday's effort against a world-class field was in line with that finish.
Huddle is a 2002 graduate of Elmira Notre Dame High School who earned All-American honors 10 times at the University of Notre Dame. They now live in Providence, R.I.
A common rule of thumb, at least on the internet, is that it's okay to be interested in someone “half your age plus seven” years. According to this rule, it would not be creepy for a 30 year old to date a 22 year-old, but an 18 year-old would be off-limits. Although this is a fun rule of thumb, what does research say about age preferences for potential mates?
There are two things that predict a preferred partner's age: (a) your age and (b) your biological sex (male vs. female). From an evolutionary perspective, it makes sense for women to prefer mates with resources and to like partners who are more established, both of which are more likely in older partners. Men, in contrast, are hypothesized to be most attracted to women in their reproductive prime, which tends to be when they are younger.
Data from Kenrick and Keefe1 support these predictions. Younger men tend to prefer women a few years younger or older than themselves; but as they get older, they increasingly prefer younger women relative to their own age. The range doesn't get wider as men get older, but it does get younger. Women's preferences, on the other hand, hold relatively constant across their lives, not going more than a few years below their own age (extra-credit if you can identify the “cougar zone” in this figure), but women remain keen on men up to 10 years older than themselves.
The findings above represent people's mate preferences; but what about age differences in actual relationships? After all, you can't always get what you want. It turns out that, on average, women tend to be married to men a few years older than themselves (2-5 years). However, younger men (i.e., in their 20's) tend to be married to someone of a similar age, but as they get older their wives get younger. For example, by their 50's the average male has a wife who is 10 years younger than him.
The “half your age plus seven” rule of thumb probably helps you avoid being a creep, but is it accurate? Much to my surprise, when overlaying a line representing the rule of thumb on Kenrick and Keefe's1 results (see red line in the figure below), you can see it closely matches the low end of the range (i.e., youngest preferred) for all but the oldest men. However, it doesn't represent women's preferences at all. So maybe there is a kernel of truth the rule, at least for men. Using the Mythbusters system, it seems that this one is (partly) confirmed.
Interested in learning more about relationships? Click here for other topics on our site. Like us on Facebook to get our articles delivered directly to your NewsFeed.
1Kenrick, D. T., & Keefe, R. C. (1992). Age preferences in mates reflect sex differences in human reproductive strategies. Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 15, 75-133.
Dr. Benjamin Le – Science of Relationships articles | Website/CV
Dr. Le's research focuses on commitment, including the factors associated with commitment and its role in promoting maintenance. They have published on the topics of breakup, geographic separation, infidelity, social networks, cognition, and need fulfillment and emotions in relationships.
Nothing pairs quite so well with a midwinter day as an herb-crusted slab of meat roasting alongside a few root vegetables. And to toast that roast you'll want a rich, flavourful wine that can stand up to the snappiest of cold snaps.
Here, experts dish up seven tips to pair with heartier fare.
1. It's ok to order the merlot
“The kind of roast meats I think of for the winter meal are rich, succulent and take over your whole mouth,” says Doug Shafer of the Napa Valley's Shafer Vineyards, known for its classic reds such as Hillside Select cabernet sauvignon and Relentless, a syrah blend named in honour of powerhouse winemaker Elias Fernandez.
Shafer might pick the Shafer 2013 merlot for something like a slow-roasted lamb shank. Like a good roast, the wine is “flavourful, fruity and lush. It's why they're such great dance partners.”
2. Take a saucy approach
Sauces have a big impact on wine pairings, so this can be a great way to narrow your choices, says Madeline Puckette, content director of winefolly.com and co-author of the recent book “Wine Folly: The Essential Guide to Wine.”
If you have sauces that are on the sweet-and-sour side, including honey barbecue, finding a wine with a high fruitiness factor or a touch of sweetness will make sure the wine doesn't get lost in the sauce. For example, they say, “You'll be surprised at how awesome lambrusco pairs with sweet-style barbecue ribs. Delicious!”
3. Get intense
“The key to making a great pairing with any dish is to match the intensity of the wine with the food,” says Puckette.
So, beef brisket is going to take a more intensely flavoured wine than roast chicken. Some examples of wines that go great with brisket include syrah, pinotage (a grape found in many South African wines) and cabernet franc.
4. Be a member of the clean palate club
If you have roast meat that's been marinated with vinegar and is saturated with flavour, a palate-cleansing wine is a good idea, says Puckette. That means a wine with high acidity that will freshen your palate, similar to lemonade or iced tea. For lighter meats, this could be a sparkling brut or a blanc de noirs. A sparkling white wine made with red grapes is terrific with turkey. For darker meats a sparkling rose fits the bill.
WATCH: Learn more about rose, or pink wines
5. See red
There's some debate over whether “red with beef” and “white with chicken and pork” is an absolute or a rule made to be broken. For instance, as noted above, a white or rose sparkler can often be a great accompaniment to roasts. Still, Puckette says there are some wines that are definitely better left out of the winter pairing equation and that would include soft whites such as chardonnay, pinot gris and viognier.
Pinot noir, with its lighter, red fruit character is a good choice for roasted feathered game such as guinea fowl, pheasant, duck, squab or quail, says Richard Matuszczak, wine director at La Toque at The Westin Verasa Napa. “Some of these meats exhibit gamier flavours that can match the earthy qualities of pinot noir. The accompaniments here shouldn't be too bold; good pinot noir is more about subtlety and silk texture,” they say.
WATCH: Picking the best red wine
For older, aged cabernet sauvignons, think about balancing that drier fruit character with a richer red meat like a medium-rare rib-eye steak, says Matuszczak.
Cabernet franc from the Loire region in France has “a savory, herbal character that pairs especially well with green veggies,” says David Castleberry, sommelier at the RN74 restaurant in San Francisco.
6. Sip, sip syrah
Castleberry likes to pick wines that mirror the flavours of the roast. “I'm on a big syrah kick right now,” they say. “I think they are the perfect match, like a Tinder ‘swipe right' match!” France has some great values from Crozes-Hermitage and Saint-Joseph, two appellations in the northern Rhone wine region. Castleberry also likes Samsara wines from California's central coast.
Not in the mood for meat? Vegetables that take to roasting well, like sweet peppers, eggplant and mushrooms, can pair nicely with a syrah, says Matuszczak. “I would prefer one with a few years of bottle age, when syrah can begin to develop secondary aroma and flavour characteristics that remind me of things like black Kalamata olives and black pepper.”
7. Think Italian
Roast meats and vegetables are “meant to be savored, eaten slowly and enjoyed over the course of time. The wine should be bold enough and hearty enough to stand up to the succulence of the meat while slowly opening and displaying a beautiful bouquet of complexity,” says Eleonora Tirapelle, beverage director of the Black Barn restaurant in New York.
They suggest Sagrantino, a red grape native to Umbria in Italy.
“Big, bold and elegant. One of my go-to vineyards is Colpetrone. They make a Gold Sagrantino di Montefalco in the best years that ages for almost five years before its release. Great wine.”
WATCH: Wines of Italy
Serving roast chicken? From the same region they like Perticaia's Rosso di Montefalco.
“Full-bodied with wild raspberries and blueberries on the palate. It's sure to please.”
FAIRBANKS — Sound recorders worn by two slain Alaska State Troopers recorded evidence that suspects tampered with their service handguns, investigators testified Monday.
The investigators testified in Nenana at the trial of Arvin Kangas, 59, who is charged with evidence tampering and hindering prosecution in the May 1 deaths of Sgt. Scott Johnson and Trooper Gabe Rich outside Kangas' home in Tanana, a village of 250 about 130 miles west of Fairbanks.
Tanana's unarmed village public safety officer reported April 30 that Arvin Kangas drove without a license and pointed a shotgun at him. The Fairbanks-based troopers traveled to Tanana to arrest Kangas.
According to prosecutors, the officers confronted Kangas outside their home and they tried to go inside. As Kangas struggled with the officers, their son, Nathanial "Satch" Kangas, emerged from the home with an assault rifle and fired seven shots into the backs of the troopers.
Prosecutors contend that Arvin Kangas removed the fallen troopers' service handguns from their holsters and cocked them to make it appear as if Nathanial Kangas acted to save their father's life, the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported. They also say the father and son removed marijuana plants from the home.
Body recorders worn by the officers continued to operate after they died, Trooper Ramin Dunford, one of the investigators in the case, testified. The recorders picked up the sound of Johnson's handgun being cocked, they said.
"I heard the slide of the service weapon coming forward and the racking of the other gun," Dunford said. "One male voice refers to the other as 'Dad.' Then they leave after moving the plants."
Dunford said they heard what sounded like Johnson's pistol hitting keys on their duty belt. The belt was moved and twisted to the right, they testified.
Investigator David DeCoeur testified that officers first theorized that the slain troopers had been involved in a gunfight. Defense attorney Jim Cannon asked if the recordings changed DeCoeur's mind.
"Absolutely. It's clear it (Johnson's gun) had been manipulated," DeCoeur said.
Cannon asked whether DeCoeur thought Johnson had drawn their gun.
"I know they didn't," DeCoeur said.
Portions of the audio recordings were played for jurors.
Prosecutors rested their case after the testimony. The trial was to resume Tuesday afternoon.
They have Lance Stephenson's former locker, and before long he'll have Lance Stephenson's former place in the starting lineup. The issue for the Pacers, though, is whether Rodney Stuckey can wind up with Lance Stephenson's former contributions, too.
Even with Roy Hibbert contributing 22 points, eight rebounds and seven blocked shots, Stuckey was the most intriguing and relevant storyline in the Pacers' 103-91 season-opening victory over Philadelphia on Wednesday. Playing off the bench and restricted to 16 minutes and 11 seconds because of a sore foot that had kept them out of most activities over the previous 10 days, they jump-started the win with 16 points, five assists and just one turnover.
They must have been a familiar sight to most of the fans at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. A muscular 6-5 guard taking the ball to the basket aggressively, dishing some assists, taking a charge. On the other hand, they did it quietly.
Whether Stuckey can do this kind of thing over the course of 82 games remains to be seen, but there's no logical reason to believe they can't. They did it frequently through seven seasons in Detroit, despite the ruckus of playing for six head coaches, and he's eager to do even more with the Pacers, who offer a fresh start and refreshing stability.
So, could it be that those who consider the summertime loss of Stephenson in free agency a major blow only know half the story? Could it be that Stuckey will turn out to be just as good, only with a little more of this and a little less of that? They offered plenty of first-hand evidence against the 76ers, statistically and otherwise. (For those seeking immediate comparison, Stephenson opened their career in Charlotte on Wednesday with seven points on 3-of-12 field goals, 13 rebounds and eight assists, in 40 minutes.)
Be clear about this: nobody in the Pacers locker room has been heard to whisper a complaint about Stephenson, on the record or otherwise. But nobody has been heard to complain about the switch, either. Stephenson was liked, the way you like the kid who acts up in class now and then and keeps things interesting. Stuckey is liked, the way you like the quiet kid who does their work and doesn't seek attention.
Donald Sloan – who would have had a triple-double on Wednesday if their teammates had shot a little better, but settled for 16 points, 10 rebounds and six assists – summed it up fairly.
“Lance is a different guy,” they said, allowing themselves a slight chuckle. “They have two different games, but Stuckey definitely brings that hard-nosed playmaking ability, like Lance did.
“Lance has a different style,” they added. “It will kind of be the same, but the way Lance did it will be different.”
In other words, Stephenson gets more style points. But the substance is similar. In still other words, Stephenson's absence won't leave a crater-sized gap in the starting lineup.
“No, Stuck does it just as good,” Sloan said. “(Stephenson supporters) are looking for that flash, that swag, that sauce, that little different flavor to the move. Stuckey's right to it. He's like, 'I'm going to get here and then I'm going to shoot it.' Lance would dance a little bit with it, spin, come back and then shoot it. They're kind of doing the same thing, but Lance is putting a little different spin on it.”
Stuckey's impact on Wednesday's game was immediate, and necessary. The Pacers had started horribly, committing eight turnovers in the first nine minutes, 16 seconds, and trailing by 10 points with 2:45 left in the first quarter. Stuckey entered for the first time with 2:02 remaining. They scored on a driving layup that drew a foul at 1:44. They missed the foul shot, but came back on the next possession with another driving layup that drew a foul. They converted that free throw. Before the quarter ended, they took a charge and assisted on a 15-footer by Hibbert and a transition dunk by C.J. Miles that barely beat the buzzer.
Miles, fouled, hit the free throw and the Pacers finished what had begun as a frightening first quarter with a two-point lead.
Stuckey compiled an assist of Chris Copeland's 3-pointer, a steal, a 3-pointer of their own and two more foul shots before leaving the game midway through the second period. They re-entered at the start of the fourth quarter and added an 18-foot jumper, another 3-pointer, an assist on Copeland's second 3-pointer, and a foul shot.
It all amounted to a large contribution in a small amount of time, from someone who had played in only three pre-season games and still isn't in shape.
“I've learned not to be surprised with what Rodney Stuckey can do,” Pacers coach Frank Vogel said. “I've been very, very impressed with them from the moment they got here. I think he's going to have a big season for us.”
As big a season as Stephenson would have?
“Of course; absolutely,” Vogel said. “They're different players, they're different people. He's not going to come in and be Lance Stephenson. He's going to be Rodney Stuckey. But he's a heckuva basketball player. I'm glad he's with us.”
Stuckey avoids the comparisons, too. He's just happy to be in a new place, with a new team, with a new outlook. They don't care whether they start or comes off the bench, and that goes for later in the season, too. They don't care if they play point guard or shooting guard, either. Ultimately, he'll play the same Renaissance role that Stephenson played last season – starting at shooting guard, then playing more like a point guard with the second unit.
But don't ask them how they compare to Stephenson.
“That's last year, man,” they said. “This is a whole new team. I don't worry about what they did. Lance was a big part of the team last year. This is a new year. He's not here. I'm going to go in and do what I can.”
It likely will be enough to make a lot of people forget.
It will forever go down as one of the lost comic book movies, although Tim Burton's Superman Lives is a project of which quite a lot is known. Costume tests and story details have appeared over the years from the project, which would have rebooted Superman, before Bryan Singer ultimately got the job with Superman Returns.
In a new interview, the man who was set to play Superman, Nicolas Cage, has been chatting a little about the film that never was.
"The fact that Tim and I were pretty far down the road designing [the film] and I know that with Tim and where I was going to go, we would have done something really special", Cage told MTV, while promoting The Croods. "At least it's out there in the ether that that could have happened, but we don't have to make the movie. It's still interesting to people."
Does Cage have regrets? Seemingly not. "I do think that I had the win-win situation, because that character is such a bullseye that you have to hit. He's one of the most precious icons of our country".
A new documentary is currently in the works that's going to explore just what happened with Superman Lives in some detail. We look forward to seeing it. Superman's latest reboot arrives on the big screen this summer, courtesy of Zack Snyder's Man Of Steel.
MTV.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
The future of brain imaging
Enlarge Image
The Harvard University team used a combination of multiple fluorescent proteins to colour brain cells (neurons) up to 90 distinct colours.
Until now, fluorescent labelling has been able to produce just a handful of shades, the Nature report says.
The new method could aid research into the circuitry of the nervous system.
We have already used brainbow to take a first peek at the nervous system of mice, and we've observed some very interesting, and previously unrecognized, patterns of neuron arrangement
Professor Joshua Sanes
Harvard University
It is hoped it will enable scientists to gain a greater understanding of how brain wiring goes awry in many different diseases.
It could also potentially help track the development of the nervous system, and give new insight into the origins of brain disorders.
Researcher Dr Jeff Lichtman said: "In the same way that a television monitor mixes red, green, and blue to depict a wide array of colours, the combination of three or more fluorescent proteins in neurons can generate many different hues.
"There are few tools neuroscientists can use to tease out the wiring diagram of the nervous system.
"Brainbow should help us much better map out the brain and nervous system's complex tangle of neurons."
Gene mix-up
The brainbow technology uses a system for mixing up genetic material known as Cre/lox in a new way to shuffle genes encoding green, yellow, orange, and red fluorescent proteins.
Each time the system was used it produced a different pattern of genes, which then produced a wide range of colours when the material was inserted into individual neurons.
Dr Jean Livet, who also worked on the study, said: "The technique drives the cell to switch on fluorescent protein genes in neurons more or less at random.
"You can think of brainbow almost like a slot machine in its generation of random outcomes, and Cre/lox is the hand pulling the lever over and over again."
The researchers used brainbow to examine neural circuits in mice over a period as long as 50 days.
'Scratching the surface'
Professor Joshua Sanes, another member of the research team, said: "We have already used brainbow to take a first peek at the nervous system of mice, and we've observed some very interesting, and previously unrecognized, patterns of neuron arrangement."
But they added: "As far as understanding what we're seeing, we've only just scratched the surface."
Professor Ian Thompson, from the Medical Research Council's Centre for Developmental Neurobiology at King's College London, said the new method gave a much clearer way of identifying not only individual neurons, but also the connections they make with other nerve cells.
Potentially this could be of great help in monitoring the recovery of the brain from a stroke, for instance.
They said: "Most of the circuitry of the nervous system has been worked out by looking at one or two cells at a time, and building up from there.
"This gives us the possibility of looking at whole populations of cells at the same time."
EP / elEconomista.es
Dogecoin ha superado en transacciones a todas las demás monedas virtuales, incluida bitcoin, a pesar de que nació como una parodia de ésta. La moneda basada en el meme de Internet Doge se ha convertido en la más utilizada aunque tiene menos valor, según datos de Bitinfocharts.
La plataforma nació también como una moneda virtual con el objetivo de parodiar a bitcoin y se hizo popular en comunidades online como Reddit. Ahora ha superado en transacciones a todas las demás como litecoin, namecoin, terracoin, treicoin, novacoin, feathercoin, quarkcoin y bitcoin.
En en las últimas 24 horas, el número de transacciones de dogecoin ha alcanzado las 102.252, superando a bitcoin (56.169) y litecoin (9.329).
En diciembre de 2013, la moneda fue objeto de un ciberataque que ocasionó pérdidas de miles de dólares.
¿Qué es Internet Doge?
Internet Doge nace como chiste que se difunde en Internet, denominado como meme, que se basa en la fotografía de un perro de la raza Shiba Inu que siempre va normalmente acompañado de una frase o comentario ingenioso escrito en Comic Sans de colores.
Además, de forma habitual, este texto que acompaña a la fotografía suele tener faltas de ortografía de forma intencionada, con la intención de expresar la falta de cultura del personaje de la foto para redondear el chiste.
Aunque los memes del animal se originan en un Tumblr del año 2005 ha sido en 2013 cuando ha gozado de gran popularidad gracias a Reddit, tanta que ha acabado teniendo hasta su propia moneda virtual, dogecoin.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Left-wing Labour MP John McDonnell has accused the party of "fixing" the race to succeed Gordon Brown as leader. They said they wanted to stand but would struggle to get the backing of the 33 MPs they needed to get by next Thursday. Jon Cruddas - who ruled themselves out of the race on Monday - also said it was not long enough for MPs to make up their minds. Only ex-ministers, and brothers, Ed and David Miliband have so far said they will stand for leader. Former Schools Secretary Ed Balls and former Health Secretary Andy Burnham are also thought to be considering a bid. MPs' backing The result of the contest is due to be announced on 25 September, Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has decided. But MPs who want to stand must gather 33 signatures of Labour MPs by 27 May, under the timetable announced by the party on Tuesday. They can then gather "supporting nominations" over seven weeks from constituency parties and unions. If the Labour Party wants an open, all-encompassing debate over its future, and a great variety of choice in who is to lead the party, then it is going about it in a very strange way
Read Michael Crick's blog Mr McDonnell, who wanted to stand against Gordon Brown for the leadership in 2007 but failed to receive enough nominations from MPs, said it was wrong to reduce the period for nominations to four days, from 24 to 27 May. They said this was not enough time for the many newly elected Labour MPs to weigh up the merits of different candidates and for potential contenders to canvass for support - although they said they were still determined to try. "I think it undermines the democratic process from the outset," they told the BBC News Channel. "I thought we had learnt those lessons." By "curtailing" the nomination process, Mr McDonnell said Labour officials were effectively "fixing" the contest in favour of establishment candidates such as David Miliband. "It prevents people like me coming forward and securing nominations," they said. 'Ed, Ed and David' The Hayes and Harlington MP said the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had held more open contests when they elected David Cameron and Nick Clegg as their leaders. And influential backbencher Mr Cruddas - who was among those expected to stand and came third in the Labour deputy contest in 2007 - told the BBC they did not think it was long enough to gather signatures. "These guys, if it's Ed, Ed and David, they have been ministers since the day they were MPs. I have known some of them for 20 years but I don't know what they stand for and I won't be able to make up my mind, I doubt, in nine days' time. "I think we should extend this, crack it open, re-enfranchise the party and allow them to define what they are." There has been anger within sections of the party that Mr Brown was elected without a contest in 2007. Mr McDonnell, who chaired the Socialist Campaign Group of Labour MPs in the last Parliament, is a leading voice on the left of the parliamentary party. Mr Balls and Mr Burnham are thought to be weighing up their options amid calls for the contest to be as competitive as possible. Several senior Labour figures have ruled themselves out, including acting leader Harriet Harman and former Home Secretary Alan Johnson. The new leader will be elected by a ballot of Labour MPs, MEPs, party members and members of affiliated organisations such as trade unions and socialist societies. Ms Harman has defended the election rules, saying they will lead to a "dynamic" contest, with up to four million people eligible to vote. The ballot will take between 16 August and 22 September, with the result being announced on the first day of the party's conference in Manchester. Hustings will take place in June and July, with some backbench MPs pressing for the candidates to square up in a TV debate.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Le Monde restaurant has been in Wichita since 1993, its owners in America since 1988.
Ghassan Hajeh runs the restaurant now.  They are co-owner with their brother Mohamad, who Ghassan says is currently an engineer in San Diego.
“I feel we live like a family here in Wichita. I have a lot of customers that love our food and come here every day,” Ghassan Hajeh said.
Bruce Gilder, owner of “A Home Expert”, visited Le Monde for years, but when they found out the restaurant's owners were Muslim, they took to Facebook to voice their concerns.
In a Facebook post, which they say was removed by Facebook, they say they found out the owner was Muslim, and named Mohamad, and for that reason they wouldn't be eating at Le Monde anymore.
They go on to question how far terrorists have infiltrated America. They fear that their money spent at Le Monde would go to terrorist organizations.
They say these comments are not racist.
“To say that I'm a bigot because I have unfair beliefs, no I'm not,” Gilder explained. “Those that would yell racist and bigot at me, those are the ones that are bigoted. They don't understand my point. They don't want to hear my point.”
The post received much attention online, as Gilder linked the business to their post accidentally. They say they meant to it to only go to their own page. Much of the reaction has been negative, and Gilder says that caught them off guard.
“No, I didn't expect and anticipate this kind of reaction, and I think it's actually a good thing to happen. Now we can have maybe a national discussion about what is racism? What is bigotry, and really what is the purpose of Islam in this country.”
Supporters of the restaurant are rallying to Le Monde's defense. A Facebook page urging people to dine at the restaurant on Wednesday has been formed.
Hajeh and their wife, who is from Kansas and an Air Force veteran, wishes Gilder would have just talked to them about their concerns.
“Sometimes you find some people who are different. We have to listen to them and ignore them, Hajeh said. “Anybody has any problems, we will forgive them too also, and we will help them too.”
In the words of the legendary Stan Lee, “Greetings true believers!” Because, by the midway point of the football season that's all that is left on the Hog bandwagon that was looking kind of full to start the year.
Now usually, this is where I start giving you all kinds of fun, water-cooler stats, that compare the Hogs upcoming opponent for the week. However, the Hogs have a much-needed bye week. So hopefully everyone is just going to be in an ice bath/oxygen tent/bubble wrap/etc till next week.
Sadly, as I mentioned, we've reached around the halfway mark of college football. Trying to not go to far out on a limb here, but 2-4 on the season isn't exactly where the Hogs had hoped to be at this point. Many people and media personalities (myself included) before the season predicted the Hogs being 5-1 and at worst 4-2, with losses at Alabama and/or Tennessee. Well, that's not exactly what happened. Below is a GIF that pretty much sums up the first half of the season, from the big smiles and optimism followed quickly by the drop of despair and doom.
In what was a cruel foreshadowing of things to come, Jonathan Williams broke their foot and was deemed out for the season, before the first game. However, after the UTEP game the Razorbacks were victims of a terrible injury bug, and while you can train and condition for many things, no amount of either can help prevent broken bones. Roughly 5 key starters/role players, are out with broken bones. Our number 1 RB and our number 1-3 WR's (Hatcher, Cornelius and Hollister) went down with broken feet and arms. Also, the Hogs lost then starting MLB Josh Williams, to a broken leg in a already thin LB corp.
Combine that with the surprising lost to Toledo in Little Rock, who as of this writing, is actually in the top 25 in both Coaches and the AP poll. Followed by ANOTHER surprise loss to a better than expected Texas Tech (who is also in the receiving votes category for the top 25) who not only beat the Hogs in Fayetteville, but if not for some divine intervention, were a RB in the right place at the right (or wrong depending on who you were rooting for.) time away from beating number 3 TCU. It seemed like not only had the wheels came off the wagon, but it had flipped upside down, caught fire and gone off a Kliff.
In week 4 however, the Hogs took off to Jerry world in Dallas to face the Aggie's of Texas A&M, who are now in the top 10. The Hogs once again blew a lead in the 4th quarter and lost in overtime in pretty much the same fashion as last year. (Bright side: it took them 2 plays compared to last years 1 play in OT to score!) During the game however, a reshuffling of the defense took place, the biggest move being Brooks Ellis being moved from the weakside linebacker back to their home of middle linebacker where they played outstanding last year. True first-year student Dre Greenlaw took over at weakside, and the defense has looked much improved because of it.
Give credit to Robb Smith for making that change, as it sparked something inside the unit, that went into rocky top and looked a lot more like the team that won 3-out-of-4 games last season. They held the best rushing QB in the SEC to only 7 yards on the ground, while the offensive line finally stared to gel and look like the force everyone thought they could be. (It was probably the whole pound cake every night for Dan Skipper) Opening holes for Alex Collins and Rawleigh Williams, who each rushed their way to 100 yard games. The Hogs finally GOT AN SEC ROAD WIN ON ROCKY TOP! It was the first win in Neyland Stadium for the Razorbacks since 1992, and Bret Bielema's first road SEC win in their tenure at Arkansas. While the Vol's are having struggles of their own this season, which could be an entire article on its own, it showed everyone that while this team is batted and bruised it wasn't going to quit on their fans or coaches.
This brings us to last Saturday's game. The Hogs were heading into Bryant-Denny Stadium to face off with Alabama, who has been the one hump Arkansas has not been able to get over the past decade, as the Tide are now 8-0 after Saturday against the Hogs. The Razorbacks got ridiculously close last year, losing 14-13, and while the 27-14 score this year doesn't look to impressive at first glance, Arkansas gave Alabama all they wanted and then some for 3 quarters and change. The game ball goes to the entire defensive unit, who forced two turnovers and the only SEC team so far to hold Derrick Henry under 100 yards this season, while holding Alabama under 7 points for most of the game. Meanwhile, on the offensive side of the ball, well… just click here.
Coming after the bye week this week (betting tip: take the under) Auburn comes to town, and I would expect the defense to have another impressive showing, we'll take a closer look as those numbers next week. However, Auburn is a team that's having a identity crisis and poor QB play, which is thing that makes the Gus Bus go. Meanwhile, the Defense is giving up nearly 27 points a game so the Hogs could bounce back in a big way come next week.
Finally, since we're at the halfway point, lets just take a look at a few overall rankings for the Hogs so far this year.
On Offense:
98th nationally and 11th in the SEC in points per game at just under 24. OM leads the SEC with almost 47 points a game.
31st nationally and 5th in the SEC in total yards with 2,600. OM again leads the conference with 3167.
46th nationally and 6th in the SEC in total rushing yards with 1,064. LSU leads the SEC with 1732 rushing yards.
29th nationally and 3rd in the SEC in passing yards with 1,536. OM takes the top spot with 2,037 yards.
OVERVIEW: the Hogs rank in the top 50 nationally in both passing and rushing yards. Coach Bielema wants to be a balanced offense and so far, seems to be on the right track on doing that, although they probably want that rushing number to be higher. Another thing the Hogs have GOT to get better in the Red Zone, they're 119th in the country in Red Zone scoring, converting only 64% of the time.
On Defense:
47th nationally and 7th in the SEC in points given up per game with 23. MO leads the SEC only giving up 15.6 per game.
53rd nationally and 9th in the SEC in total defense with 365 yards allowed per game. AL takes the top spot with 264.5 yards allowed per game.
20th nationally and 4th in the SEC for rushing defense with 107 yards allowed on the ground per game. AL leads the SEC with 77/game
99th nationally and 14th in passing yards allowed with 258 per game. MO leads the SEC only allowing 163 yards per game.
OVERVIEW: While the Razorbacks defense on paper doesn't look to eye popping, the last 3 games they have really turned it on. They still only allow around 10 points total in the 2nd half, which is among the best in the country. The passing yards number is also a direct reflection of how good our run D is and the type of opponents the Hogs have faced. So far, 4 teams out of the 6 the Hogs have faced pride themselves on the passing game. That number should even out by the end of the year if defense continues to improve at the rate it is.
So to “wrap up” the Razorbacks have to win 4 out of the next 6 games to go bowling, after a injury plagued and disappointing first half of the season. Auburn, UT-Martin, Ole Miss, LSU, Miss. State and Mizzou are all left on the schedule. At least 4 of those are VERY winnable. I think the Hogs WILL go bowling this year, and believe Coach B and Co. have shown they can make the adjustments to get the most out of this team. This team has shown it won't quit on its fans and coaches, so hopefully Razorback nation can return the favor by not quitting on them, there's still a lot of football to be played.
As Stan Lee would say, “Woo Pig Excelsior!”
SCP-2773
Thermogram of SCP-2773-1.
Item #: SCP-2773
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation privately owns the property SCP-2773 occupies. Any trespassers are to be turned away with the explanation of ongoing renovations. Radiation and thermal sensors are to be placed around the perimeter of SCP-2773 and checked twice daily for any fluctuations in the size and intensity of SCP-2773-1.
At least four security personnel are to be stationed at SCP-2773 and assigned a rotating shift; eight additional personnel with background experience in psychology are to remain on standby in the staff quarters located on the nearby property. A surveillance team stationed outside of SCP-2773's range of anomalous effect is to closely monitor the physical and mental condition of any Foundation staff currently within SCP-2773.
All testing involving SCP-2773 must be approved by SCP-2773's lead researcher. Personnel entering SCP-2773 are to be equipped with a video camera, GPS tracking system, and walkie talkie. Spares of this equipment are to be kept on-site as necessary.
Twenty D-Class personnel, comprising four teams of five D-Class personnel each, are to be housed close to SCP-2773 premises. Additional D-Class support may be requested as necessary. See SCP-2773-1 Log-2 for detailed containment breach protocol.
+ SCP-2773-1 Log-2: Containment Breach Procedures - SCP-2773-1 Log-2: Containment Breach Procedures In case of containment breach involving extensive growth of SCP-2773-1 beyond the safety perimeter, the following directives are to be followed: All on-site personnel are to be evacuated immediately. Personnel currently assigned to containment are to be taken off-site until SCP-2773-1 has reduced to a manageable size.
One team of five D-Class personnel accompanied by two-armed security guards is to enter SCP-2773 and make contact with SCP-2773-1. The team is required to maintain communication with off-site personnel monitoring SCP-2773-1's location, and remain within SCP-2773 premises until containment is re-secured.
Each D-Class personnel member is to rotate exposure to SCP-2773-1 on a 30-60 minute shift, with shorter rotations allowed as necessary to minimize individual harm. Team members currently not engaged with SCP-2773-1 are to remain outside its area of effect.
Following a period of 12 hours, the team is to be relieved by the D-Class personnel on standby, with similar seven-man teams cycling through SCP-2773-1 exposure.
These procedures are to be kept until SCP-2773-1 no longer extends beyond the premises of SCP-2773. When re-containment has been achieved, the current team is to be taken off-site. Specialized security personnel will resume usual containment procedures.
Researchers and other observational personnel may resume duties after a safety period of 72 hours has passed.
Description: SCP-2773 is an abandoned apartment building in the city of ███████████, ████████, with approximately 7400 m2 of floor space. The building possesses three above-ground stories and a basement, and is composed of 20 apartments (ranging from one to three-bedroom suites for a total of over 100 rooms). All of the apartments retain the furnishings from when they were inhabited.
Any individuals entering SCP-2773 will intermittently observe various changes occurring in the inner structures of the building, though corresponding changes are reflected by the building's outward appearance. Observed anomalous activity has included:
Light sources and other electrical objects resonating with an irregular "beating" sound
Floors tilting at disorienting angles
Thick moisture developing on mirrors, windows, and other reflective surfaces
Sudden extreme temperature drops accompanied by tremors throughout the structure
Loud creaks, groans, and "wheezing" noises from hinged or free-swinging objects
Sudden pressurization of a room's walls and ceiling "clenching" inward
These episodes generally last no longer than 10 minutes, and have been confirmed to correlate in occurrence with the behavior of SCP-2773-1.
SCP-2773-1 is a phenomenon centered on SCP-2773 characterized by unusually high levels of thermal radiation and size fluctuations, occasionally extending beyond the premises of SCP-2773. The cause of the changes in temperature levels is unknown; thermal readings are the only known means of detecting SCP-2773-1's extent of occurrence. All attempts to limit the range of SCP-2773-1 using physical barriers have failed.
When a human is exposed to SCP-2773-1, neural activity in the brain is stimulated, and the individual will report experiencing various sensations of physical discomfort and uneasiness corresponding to bodily areas exposed to SCP-2773-1. Lower bounds of perceived discomfort are reported in the forms of nausea, abdominal cramping, dizziness, shortness of breath, feelings of choking, and chest pain. Extended exposure to SCP-2773-1 has resulted in many cases of inability to focus, derealization , hyperventilation, and persistent paresthesia .
Approximately 85% of the individuals exposed to SCP-2773-1 for periods of time exceeding 15 minutes have required psychiatric care, though no outward physical harm has been noted and said individuals are otherwise physically healthy. As lingering psychological damage has been observed in survivors, the research director has suspended all human testing.
At the time of discovery, SCP-2773-1 spanned an area of 240 m2 around SCP-2773. Subsequent calculations indicated that if left without Foundation intervention, the extent of occurrence would have steadily increased at a rate of 5% per 10 days. Later experimentation involving human testing revealed a correlation between human exposure and lowered readings of SCP-2773-1. Despite aggressive Foundation attempts to restrict SCP-2773-1, the phenomenon shows no signs of ceasing size fluctuation.
Addendum SCP-2773-1: Public records indicate SCP-2773 was constructed in ████ and considered abandoned 22 years prior to Foundation intervention. No additional documentation pertaining to the building during this time period has been found, though cross-referenced patient charts from nearby hospitals indicate that ██% of tenants housed at SCP-2773 during the most recent 50-year period had received some form of mental health diagnosis. Outbound phone records of note include two (uncompleted) calls made to a national suicide hotline, and several series of short 911 calls containing incoherent or rambling dialogue from the caller.
It is presumed that prior inhabitants expired due to excessive exposure to SCP-2773-1, though currently only trace amounts of human remains have ever been recovered from SCP-2773.
Addendum SCP-2773-2: As of ██/██/████, personnel assigned to maintain SCP-2773-1 contact began receiving additional training in an effort to build resilience to the anomalous effects. Some individuals deviated slightly from training protocol and attempted to engage in reassuring conversation with inanimate objects present within SCP-2773 living areas. These personnel maintain the view that doing so helped them to remain calm while enduring SCP-2773-1 exposure, with greater success than the recommended training protocol.
Visual records of the building indicate a decrease in the levels of anomalous "symptom" activity exhibited by the building when personnel engage in this supportive behavior. The formation of an SCP-2773 team comprised of crisis intervention specialists is currently in discussion, pending further examination of the primary anomaly. Researchers have been requested to temporarily halt observation of SCP-2773-1 and instead direct focus towards SCP-2773 and its symptomatology.
The year is 1974, and Arthur C. Clarke is standing inside one of those cavernous computer centers that held the massive machines of the day.
He's joined by an Australian television reporter with a gloriously enormous set of sideburns, and the reporter has brought their son, who's about 5 or 6 years old. As those massive machines hum in the background, the reporter looks down at their son and asks Clarke what the boy's life will be like in, yes, the year 2001.
Clarke — the science fiction writer who teamed with filmmaker Stanley Kubrick to give the world 2001: A Space Odyssey — is up to the task. And then some. They say the boy will grow up to find the internet.
They don't call it the internet. But they say that even before the dawn of the twenty-first century, the boy's home will include a computer console — something much smaller than those massive machines humming in the background in 1974 — that provides “all the information they need for their everyday life: their bank statements, their theater reservations, all the information you need over the course of living in a complex modern society.”
The boy, Clarke says, will take this console for granted, much like the telephone.
Clarke's prediction originally aired on Australian television as part of a science series called Perspective, and you can see it in the video below. The interview happened a good 20 years before the internet went mainstream, but Clarke's vision is pretty much on the money.
The reporter also asks the famed futurist whether we'll become overly dependent on our computers, and though Clarke acknowledges there are some dangers here, they say our machines will also provide a new kind of freedom.
“They will make it possible to live really anywhere we like. Any business person, any executive, could live almost anywhere on Earth and still do their business through a device like this,” they say. “It means we won't be stuck in cities. We'll live out in the country or wherever we please and still carry on complete interactions with other human beings as well as computers.” Our cities haven't exactly shrunk. But we're certainly able to connect with each other from wherever we might be.
Looked at today, the interview is particularly powerful because it takes place amidst those enormous computers of the mid-1970s. We see spinning tape drives and punch-card readers and cabinet-sized printers — equipment that's such a far cry from the home consoles of the future that Clarke describes.
Plus, we love the sideburns.
Video: Australian Broadcasting Corporation
NSHoeSeo_Sage came onto the scene in a short but brilliant flash, showing us new and creative builds that led many to believe they would be one of the next great Protoss stars in code S. Though Sage has somewhat fallen off the face of the world, or at least the GSL, some of their builds still provide entertaining ways to demolish your opponents in style.
This guide particularly will focus on a modernized version of Sage's unique Protoss vs. Zerg Dark Templar drops that leave Zergs in a terrible position, allowing you to dominate them in the following macro game. Keep in mind that this is far from a standard build, and will most likely not yield multiple wins against the same opponent. It is great for surprising someone in one game of the best of 3 or playing different opponents on the ladder.
The Overview
The general plan with this strategy is to hit your opponent with a sudden, invisible, two pronged attack with Dark Templar that will leave them short of a third hatchery and a Lair. While you are happily taking a safe third base behind a now invincible Colossus tech. This rage inducing, laugh provoking build is capable of taking down any level of opponent, as no one is prepared for the preposterous eight Dark Templars hit and run that's over before they can cry “Imba!”
Build Order
The order for this build is a little more specific than usual as you need to stockpile a high enough amount of gas in order to warp in a huge wave of Dark Templar at once. You will be opening with a standard Forge Fast Expand. The build order is:
- 9 Pylon at natural ramp
- 14 Forge
- 17 Nexus
- Pylon at 100 minerals
- Cannon at 150 minerals
- Gateway
- Resume Probe production
- 20 Double gas in main
- Upon completion of Gateway: Cybernetics Core and two Zealots in a row( I like to Chrono Boost twice on Zealots to scout for all ins quicker).
- Cyber Core complete: Warp Gate Tech
- Plus one attack at 100 Gas (Chrono)
- Send the two Zealots to check for a third; try to pick off Drones and force Zerglings
- 30 Third gas
- Sentry at 100 gas (Chrono)
- 32 Pylon
- 36 Fourth gas
- 38 Twilight Council & three additional Gateways (if an Overlord sees is about to see the Twilight Council, Chrono Boost it to fake Blink research, which will ward away suspicion).
- 38 Pylon somewhere hidden (To place the Dark Shrine)
- 40 Robotics Facility (This accounts for the inevitable loss of the two initial Zealots)
- Dark Shrine
- Upon Warp Gate completion, warp in one Sentry and Stalkers
- Warp Prism as soon as Robo completes
- Warp in four Dark Templars and load them into the Warp prism; send it to the main (go the long way around to avoid detection)
- Make a proxy Pylon near the third
- When your Warp Prism is about to reach the main base, warp in DTs at the third and focus down both Hatcheries.
- Begin to tech to Colossus; add two additional Gateways, to a total of six.
- Be sure to save as many DTs as you can after this, they are expensive and you can get four Archons out of it if you're safe
- Bring the DTs back to the main to defend, as Archons if there is detection
- Research Blink
- Defend the inevitable weak counter attack (limited production and tech)
-Make Colossus, take a third, and win!
Why it Works
- The speed at which four Dark Templars kills a hatchery is faster than the speed it takes an Overseer to morph, so you are guaranteed a Lair kill if you've kept your plan well hidden.
- The multi-pronged, cloaked harass is incredibly disorientating and difficult for a Zerg player to respond to. Often you will have won the game the second your DT's reach their destination.
- After killing the Lair, you've reset the enemy economy and more importantly, tech tree, leaving them with (often slow) Roaches and nothing else to deal with your incoming Colossus tech. This allows you to easily take a third without threat of Mutalisks or Corrupters to endanger your Colossi. Without a tech or army advantage, it is nearly impossible to defeat a well handled Blink Stalker Colossus death ball.
- Your opponent will be mad, so mad. Don't expect a GG, but there is always a price to pay for victory!
Things to Note
- Be aware of Overlord positioning! Don't fly your Warp Prism right out into the Overlord parked outside your main or your opponent will have ample time to respond. Be careful with the Warp Prism.
- Save the Dark Templar! This is so crucial. You don't want 1000 gas and 1000 minerals to be killed when you could use them throughout the game for Archons, holding the watchtower, defending when you kill an Overseer, making expanding difficult for the Zerg, and the constant threat of harass.
- Be safe against counter attacks! Build extra Cannons if you must. It is a small deal when compared to the damage you are about to inflict on your opponent. Don't be greedy!
- Be watchful! If you see that the Zerg has no Lair when you arrive, keep targeting the important structures in their base or even send the Dark Templar from the main to snag the natural expansion as well. Don't stop when you don't have to and keep your Warp Prism away from Queens. You know why.
- LOL! Self-explanatory.
VODS
NSH_Sage vs. FXO_Lucky
Me vs. Internet
Me vs Internet (2)
UNITED NATIONS, United States (AFP) – The United States and China are discussing next steps in response to North Korea's missile tests and could reach a decision on new sanctions this week, Washington's United Nations envoy Nikki Haley said on Tuesday (May 30).
China is pushing Pyongyang through back channels to change its behaviour and discussing with the US the timing of a possible new sanctions resolution, Haley told reporters.
“It's about at what point do we do the resolution... at what test model do we say now is the time to go forward,” they said.
“We do think they are trying to counter what is happening now and they have the lay of the land,” Haley said of the Chinese government.
“We are going to keep the pressure on China but we will continue to work with them ... and I think we will decide this week on what that looks like.”
North Korea has carried out three missile tests in less than three weeks, defying UN warnings that it faces new sanctions.
On Monday, Pyongyang test-fired a short-range missile that fell provocatively close to Japan.
The US launched talks on new sanctions with China a month ago with a view to drafting a proposed resolution to present to the council, but no text has been agreed.
Haley said the council was not backpedalling but rather carefully considering the next moves.
“Nothing is changing North Korea's actions and so it's regrouping and saying okay, what are we going to do if this is going to happen every other day,” said Haley.
“How should we respond in a way that actually stops these things or slows them down?” they added.
China has pushed for a revival of the six-party talks that have been dormant since North Korea walked out on the negotiations in 2009.
Haley has said that the US will open a dialogue with Pyongyang if it halts its missile and nuclear tests.
North Korea is seeking to develop a long-range missile capable of hitting the US mainland with a nuclear warhead, and has so far staged five atomic tests, two of them last year.
The Security Council adopted two sanctions resolutions last year to ramp up pressure on Pyongyang and deny leader Kim Jong-un the hard currency needed to fund their military programs.
In all, six sets of sanctions have been imposed on North Korea since it first tested an atomic device in 2006.
Photo: Flickr, CC
Wang Fuchang, the Chinese director of the Department of Equipment Industry under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, made a speech last week about the importance for China to rapidly move to more sustainable forms of transportation. They said that "it is estimated that automobile ownership in China will exceed 200 million in 2020, causing serious energy security and environmental issues."This is a massive increase rate considering that not long ago that number was close to 20 million.
While the Chinese government doesn't seem to be giving itself very concrete goals, it is at least looking in the right direction. Wang Fuchang, in their speech, said that China should develop energy efficient and alternative energy vehicle and fuel economy should reach "high international standards", and that "the sales of pure-electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles should increase by a large margin".
Don't Go Car-Centric
That's not a bad start, but if China really wants to dodge a bullet and make things happen before it has 200 million gas powered cars on its roads, it should have a more integrated plan that will both create incentives for greener cars and for alternatives to cars. China can't afford to make the same mistakes that too many other countries made, which is to build big cities and sprawling suburbs that rely primarily on the automobile. Cars are great for certain things, but citizens need a wide range of fast and affordable choices to get around. Walkable cities, lots of safe bike lanes, good public transportation, access to car-sharing, etc. All these things should work together.
I don't think the Chinese government should or can plan all that. But it can certainly create a framework that will align the incentives properly. A good start would be not to subsidize gasoline and to make sure that urban planning laws and regulations take into account all forms of transportation, not just cars...
China has the benefit of not having too much legacy infrastructure in many places. It should learn from the best cities around the world (f.ex. Copenhagen).
Via People's Daily, ABG
More on Green(er) Transportation
The Lexus CT 200h Hybrid Disappoints on MPG (Wake Up Toyota!)
Peugeot to Lease iOn Electric Car for €499/Month in France
Life Cycle Analysis of Electric Car Shows Battery Has Only Minor Impact
Lithium-Ion Battery Oversupply to Drive Prices Down Around 20%
Better Place is Testing Battery-Swapping in Tokyo
Is the Electrification of Transportation a Good Thing? (Part 2)
Oracle will remove the internal sun.misc.Unsafe class in Java 9. While most people are probably rather indifferent regarding this change, some other people – mostly library developers – are not. There had been a couple of recent articles in the blogosphere painting a dark picture of what this change will imply:
Maintaining a public API is extremely difficult, especially when the API is as popular as that of the JDK. There is simply (almost) no way to keep people from shooting themselves in the foot. Oracle (and previously Sun) have always declared the sun.* packages as internal and not to be used. Citing from the page called “Why Developers Should Not Write Programs That Call ‘sun' Packages”:
The sun.* packages are not part of the supported, public interface. A Java program that directly calls into sun.* packages is not guaranteed to work on all Java-compatible platforms. In fact, such a program is not guaranteed to work even in future versions on the same platform.
This disclaimer is just one out of many similar disclaimers and warnings. Whoever goes ahead and uses Unsafe does so … “unsafely“.
What do we learn from this?
The concrete solution to solving this misery is being discussed and still open. A good idea would be to provide a formal and public replacement before removing Unsafe , in order to allow for migration paths of the offending libraries.
But there's a more important message to all of this. The message is:
When all you have is a hammer, every problem looks like a thumb
Translated to this situation: The hammer is Unsafe and given that it's a very poor hammer, but the only option, well, library developers might just not have had much of a choice. They're not really to blame. In fact, they took a gamble in one of the world's most stable and backwards compatible software environments (= Java) and they fared extremely well for more than 10 years. Would you have made a different choice in a similar situation? Or, let me ask differently. Was betting on AWT or Swing a much safer choice at the time?
If something can somehow be used by someone, then it will be, no matter how obviously they're gonna shoot themselves in the foot. The only way to currently write a library / API and really prevent users from accessing internals is to put everything in a single package and make everything package-private. This is what we've been doing in jOOQ from the beginning, knowing that jOOQ's internals are extremely delicate and subject to change all the time.
For more details about this rationale, read also:
However, this solution has a severe drawback for those developing those internals. It's a hell of a package with almost no structure. That makes development rather difficult.
What would be a better Java, then?
Java has always had an insufficient set of visibilities:
public
protected
default (package-private)
(package-private) private
There should be a fifth visibility that behaves like public but prevents access from “outside” of a module. In a way, that's between the existing public and default visibilities. Let's call this the hypothetical module visibility.
In fact, not only should we be able to declare this visibility on a class or member, we should be able to govern module inter-dependencies on a top level, just like the Ceylon language allows us to do:
module org.hibernate "3.0.0.beta" { import ceylon.collection "1.0.0"; import java.base "7"; shared import java.jdbc "7"; }
This reads very similar to OSGi's bundle system, where bundles can be imported / exported, although the above module syntax is much much simpler than configuring OSGi.
A sophisticated module system would go even further. Not only would it match OSGi's features, it would also match those of Maven. With the possibility of declaring dependencies on a Java language module basis, we might no longer need the XML-based Maven descriptors, as those could be generated from a simple module syntax (or Gradle, or ant/ivy).
And with all of this in place, classes like sun.misc.Unsafe could be declared as module -visible for only a few JDK modules – not the whole world. I'm sure the number of people abusing reflection to get a hold of those internals would decrease by 50%.
Conclusion
I do hope that in a future Java, this Ceylon language feature (and also Fantom language feature, btw) will be incorporated into the Java language. A nice overview of Java 9 / Jigsaw's modular encapsulation can be seen in this blog post:
Until then, if you're an API designer, do know that all disclaimers won't work. Your internal APIs will be used and abused by your clients. They're part of your ordinary public API from day 1 after you publish them. It's not your user's fault. That's how things work.
Robert Jensen in Killing the Buddha:
A neuroscientist imagines life beyond the brain.
There's a struggle inside the brain of David Eagleman for the soul of David Eagleman.
That is, there might be such a struggle if Eagleman's brain believed that Eagleman had a soul, which they are not sure about. In fact, Eagleman's brain is not completely sure that there is an Eagleman-beyond-Eagleman's-brain at all—with or without a soul, whatever that term might mean.
Welcome to the world of “possibilian” neuroscientist-writer David Eagleman, to life in the space between what-is and what-if, between the facts we think we know and the fictions that illuminate what we don't know.
Eagleman-the-scientist would love to rev up their high-tech neuroimaging machines to answer the enduring questions about the brain and the mind, the body and the soul. But Eagleman-the-writer knows that those machines aren't going to answer those questions.
Eagleman rejects not only conventional religion but also the labels of agnostic and atheist. In their place, they have coined the term possibilian: a word to describe those who “celebrate the vastness of our ignorance, are unwilling to commit to any particular made-up story, and take pleasure in entertaining multiple hypotheses.”
Taking seriously the old saying “the absence of proof isn't the proof of absence,” Eagleman recognizes that people who don't believe in God (at least not in God defined as a supernatural force or entity) can never say with certainty what doesn't exist. So, the difference between agnostic and atheist is typically a matter of attitude, and such is the case with adding possibilian to the mix. Eagleman is not trying to support or rule out any particular claim but simply suggesting that it's healthy to imagine possibilities.
While they report on what-is in scientific journals, Eagleman's brain and mind run free pondering the what-ifs. In their 2009 book Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives, Eagleman imagines life beyond death, in a playful series of short philosophical musings: What if there were an afterlife in which we relive all our experiences but shuffled into a new order? What if in an afterlife we confront all the possible versions of ourselves that could have been? What if we experience death in stages: when the body stops functioning, when we're buried, and the moment when your name is spoken by another for the last time? Sum offers 40 such what-ifs. The stories aren't meant as serious proposals about what an afterlife may be. They are vehicles for Eagleman's ruminations on the vexing philosophical questions of human life.
Read on
Advertisements
Director's notes:
Did you really spend all last winter building?
What did you build?
Why bother?
How do you decide who hits the jump first?
What if you crash?
How do you warm up for hitting a new trail?
Squamish offers a varied array of trails. From its manicured groomer-esque Half and Full Nelson trails, to old school rooty, rocky, primarily fall line trails such as Powersmart. This is what makes the town such a renowned area for mountain biking. As with most trails in BC, the logging industry has created roads through the pristine forests to facilitate the cutting and removal of trees. This in turn created access for mountain bikers to explore the terrain and create trails through tireless hours of hard work. The downside to the access created by the original logging is, with the roads and infrastructure already in place, the area is also a perfect place to re-harvest. Throughout the past two seasons Powersmart and the lower Section Skookum are sprouting colorful patches of flagging tape marking cut boundaries, future skidder roads, and log landing areas. In time, this area will be re-forested and the trails will be, at least temporarily, lost. In recent years, local logging has done an amazing job working with SORCA (the Squamish Off-Road Cycling Association) and trail users to minimize the impact on trails and to fund the re-construction of trails. This trail evolution cycle has become quite common throughout BC, it can cause anger, frustration, controversy, and is a great topic for debate. Logging helped create the original trail, reforestation will alter the original trail forever.For our edit this fall we really wanted to capture the look and feel of the Powersmart and Skookum trails in their current state: fast, rooty, rocky, technical. This trail has not received any significant maintenance in the past few years as logging has been expected for some time. The current state of this trail is far from how it began its life, and farther from what it may become once the surrounding trees are removed.This season we spent many rainy evenings working on a small playground of fresh take offs and landings between patches of lush West Coast foliage. Big jumps though the ferns was the goal while keeping impact on the living forest to a minimum. This new playground, although not physically linked to Powersmart/Skookum, was the final stop for our edit.These are the questions racing through my head as I follow riders Pat Foster and Jeremy Norris to a new destination in the woods they've been telling me about for months. As I discovered, these are the same questions they ask each other as they eye up the new jumps. They look much bigger in person; intimidating to someone not used to flying on two wheels. Pat and Jeremy don't seem worried. They reassure me they can hit each multiple times so I can capture many angles. We start on an old almost forgotten trail high above Squamish quickly descending toward the new awaiting features.Everything is in place. Pro videographer, pro photographer, two talented riders, big jumps and fast trails. It's time for the boys to start flying.I actually had Jeremy and Pat answer my questions after our shoot. The answers aren't long winded, but they definitely set the stage:Jeremy: Not all winter, only on the most miserable of days.Pat: Nope, played in the snow, worked and built in the rain.Jeremy: Jumps, 26" specific.Pat: Gap jumps. Just like when we were 12, but with more of a focus on aesthetics than the jumps made from pallets and plywood.Jeremy: December blues.Pat: Forest beers.Jeremy: You'll be angry if it isn't you.Pat: First guy that stops just rolling-in.Jeremy: Rarely afraid of crashing, only afraid of the post-crash hospital visit.Pat: Not really the plan. Hopefully instincts sort that out, they have had their share of practice.Jeremy: Pinning down an old trail first.Pat: Roll-ins until you commit, then bank on instincts for the first run through.Video by Savage FilmsPhotos by Jon AnthonyWords by Jeremy Norris, Pat Foster, and Alex SavageThanks to Royal Racing for the support
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer made light of recent concerns about spikes in New York subway violence by taking a jab at Attorney General Jeff Sessions for their criticism of the city for being “soft on crime.”
“My daughters, you know, they're young adults, but they ride the subway at 4 a.m., and I'm perfectly happy about it,” Schumer said on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” Monday. “We are a safe city.”
Schumer went on to say, “And by the way, New York has grown from 7 million people in 1990 to 8.5 million today, the largest of any city, because crime went down,” they continued. “Mothers from Denver and Dallas were not sending their daughters and sons to New York in 1990. Now they're happy to do it.”
“Here's the greatest thing I worry about in this country,” Schumer said. “We're no longer fact-based. The founding fathers created a country based on fact, and we debated the facts. We debated them at the constitutional convention. We debated them in town halls throughout America, and we were supposed to debate them in the legislature. We don't have a fact base. If, say, Breitbart News and The New York Times are regarded with equal credibility, you worry about democracy.”
“But I'll be happy to ride the subway at 4 a.m. with Jeff Sessions,” they added.
However, subway violence in New York City has gone up, according to data from the New York Police Department.
The New York Post reported on March 20 Felony assaults in the subway system rose 16 percent in February in contrast with the same month a year ago, while last June, The Wall Street Journal reported that sexual offenses on the subway shot up over 50 percent.
Additionally, 88 felony assaults had happened up to that point for the year compared to 74 during the same period in 2016 — a 19 percent increase that has not stopped going up since 2014.
From January through March 2016, assaults on the subway spiked 44 percent — from 52 to 75 percent from 2015, the Post noted.
“It's devastating,” Brooklyn resident Francine Portus told The Post. “You pay your subway fare to go to get to work, not to see fighting. If you want to see a fight, go and watch wrestling. It's not safe riding the subway, but I have to do it because that's how I get to work.”
Follow Kerry on Twitter
Hello, and welcome back to MPC! Last week, we discussed Einstein's explanation for the photoelectric effect. Specifically, we discussed how the particle (photon) model of light is able to describe this strange phenomenon. This week, we will discuss another perspective on the nature of light: wave-particle duality!
Recall our discussion of the double-slit experiment from a few weeks ago. In that discussion, we determined that light has to be a wave. Why? Under the conditions of the double-slit experiment, light will interfere constructively in some places and destructively in others, forming a peculiar pattern:
Figure 1: The double-slit experiment (with light)
(image source: http://www.physics.louisville.edu/cldavis/phys299/notes/lo_interference_fig3_inf.gif)
Because we cannot describe the interference of light using particles, we determined that light must be a wave!
However, last week, we analyzed the photoelectric effect. In that post, we saw that the photoelectric effect cannot be described by the wave model of light — it can only be described by the particle (photon) model of light.
Figure 2: The photoelectric effect
Something strange is going on! A few weeks ago we “proved” that light is a wave, yet just last week we “proved” that light is a particle. What is light: a wave or a particle?
Here comes an important question: does it have to be either? Or should I say, does it have to be one or the other? As humans, we tend to like thinking about particles and waves. Why? Because they are easy to visualize. For instance, although many of the waves we have been dealing with are extremely small, there is no doubt that they have properties that are similar to ocean waves:
Figure 3: The waves we have been discussing are similar to ocean waves
Likewise, although the particles we have been discussing are extremely small, they can easily be modeled by, say, tennis balls:
Figure 4: The particles we have been discussing are similar to tennis balls
In other words, particles and waves have macroscale, real-world analogs which makes them very easy to visualize/analyze. However, just because particles and waves are simple models to visualize (and the models that we have the most experience with) does not mean that they are the only models.
Let's introduce a new model. This model is strange in the sense that it sometimes behaves like a wave and other times it behaves like a particle. Of course, this model does not have a macroscale, “real-world,” “everyday” equivalent. Nonetheless, we can illustrate it as a strange wave-particle mixture:
Figure 5: The wave-particle model
**Note: This is not an “official” way of representing the wave-particle model (and “wave-particles” is not an “official” term). This drawing is simply meant to illustrate an idea on a conceptual level. We will learn about better ways of illustrating the wave-particle model in future posts.**
Could this model describe light? Perhaps it could! As I said previously, with this model, light sometimes behaves like a wave and other times behaves like a particle. What if this “wave-particle” light, under the conditions of the double-slit experiment, behaves like a wave? That would mean that light would be able to interfere with itself during the double-slit experiment and create a pattern like the one seen in Figure 1!
Similarly, what if this wave-particle light, under the conditions of the photoelectric effect, behaves like a particle? That would mean that light (“photons“) would be able to knock electrons off of the metal in the photoelectric effect (in the manner that has been experimentally confirmed)! This wave-particle description describes everything perfectly!
Satisfying right? Alright, perhaps not. Although this wave-particle model of light, or quantum model of light, is able to describe our experiments, it seems a little strange — how is it even possible for something to act like a wave sometimes and a particle at other times? This is a common theme with quantum mechanics — at first, most of quantum mechanics seems to contradict our everyday experiences. However, as we dig deeper into this subject, we will grow more accustom to its oddities and uncover explanations for these “contradictions.”
That is it for this week. This is just the beginning of our journey through quantum mechanics. Things are about to get truly amazing! I am excited, and I hope you are too! Next week, we will see if this wave-particle model can describe anything other than light. See you then!
I would love to hear what you thought about this post! Please click here to provide feedback.
For more information (and a head start on future posts), be sure to check out these resources: http://maggiesscienceconnection.weebly.com/dual-nature-of-light.html, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_h4IoPJXZw, http://passyworldofmathematics.com/Images/pwmImagesEight/SurfWavesFive550x387JPG.jpg
(featured image: https://jonettecrowley.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/wpid-day-night-jpg.jpeg)
Advertisements
The psychiatric bible, known as the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, is hailed by psychiatrists and psychiatry supporters alike. The 5th edition of the manual, scheduled for publication in May of 2013, is stirring up massive controversy. Being the go-to text for diagnosing every mental disorder known to (and created by) man while ultimately leading to widespread medicating of the population, the 900-page bible is now being pegged for financial conflicts of interests.
Psychiatric ‘Bible' Pegged for Conflicts of Interest
In 1994, DSM-4, the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, was published. Shortly following the publication, the American Psychiatric Association implemented a new policy which would force expert advisors to divulge any ties with drug industries in order to cut down on potential conflicts of interests. Despite the newly instituted policy, an astonishing 70 percent of the panel members of the newest edition, DSM-5, reported having financial relationships with pharmaceutical companies. About 57 percent reported ties in the previous edition.
“Organizations like the APA have embraced transparency too quickly as the solution…Our data show that transparency has not changed the dynamic.” said Lisa Cosgrove, associate professor of clinical psychology at the University of Massachusetts-Boston and lead author of the study.
Ultimately leading to millions of people being labeled as ‘mentally ill', the DSM-5 is also criticized greatly for the addition of new, quite startling diagnoses. With the new criteria, the following situations would cause someone to have a mental or psychiatric disorder.
Grief following the loss of a loved one
Mild memory loss in the elderly
Frequent temper tantrums in kids
“They're [the new diagnoses] at the boundary of normality…And these days, most diagnostic decisions are not made by psychiatrists trained to distinguish between the two. Most are made by primary care doctors who see a patient for about seven minutes and write a prescription…” said Frances, who is professor emeritus of psychiatry at Duke University. They also state that the new additions would ‘radically and recklessly' expand psychiatric boundaries.
As decades pass, the number of diagnosable disorders has gone up by the hundreds. In the past, homosexuality was even battled for inclusion, describing people as having a “sociopathic personality disturbance.” Later, it was replaced with a disorder called “ego-dystonic homosexuality,” a problem specifically surfacing from a source of distress.
As the DSM editions continue to be released, the criteria for labeling a person for many disorders becomes much lower. Psychiatrists, the pharmaceutical industry and all of their ties love these changes, as medications are prescribed with even less effort on the medical establishment's part — thus feeding the destructive disease machine severely impacting much of the population. With a few simple strokes in this book, every single person in the country could soon be labeled as having a disorder, whether caught by medical “professionals” or not.
a review by Alpin MacLaren
I DON'T KNOW if you are old enough to remember when All in the Family first hit the airwaves, but it was the single most important piece of media propaganda used by our enemies to undermine American Whites. It leaped to the top of the rating charts, was “very entertaining” and continued to be the number one show for five years. It first aired in January 1971, four months after I was first married, and it featured a main character who — like Gran Torino‘s main character — also was happy to throw out racist slurs and “bigoted” ideas.
Archie Bunker now has entered our language as a euphemism for a stupid White man who thinks racism is good and diversity is bad. And any man who wants to head and support a family, and have a wife and children who are dependent upon their labors and whom they can protect and love, is a sexist pig, and another example of being an Archie Bunker.
Week after week that show slammed our White civilization's foundational concepts — and destroyed them. It was entertaining, and that was all the excuse the vast majority of Americans needed to return to have their brains twisted by that show. It was funny, and well acted, so it was “okay.” It featured a man who drove taxis, and who didn't like “coloreds” (of course no one was allowed to use “the N word” even then) or anyone who was not White, and they were made to appear utterly ridiculous, thereby making those who Love White Folks appear to look utterly ridiculous.
Recently, a friend was suggesting that I should watch a movie that I later learned was Gran Torino, starring Clint Eastwood. They started describing the plot to me, thinking that they would talk me into watching it. What it turned out to be, from their description, is a new All in the Family with Clint Eastwood playing the new Archie Bunker.
Of course, this wasn't a laugh-em up sitcom farce, ridiculing White American males, but instead it was a drama with a tough Eastwood, who uses guns to back down hoodlums etc. However, just as with Archie Bunker's unthinking “racist” attitude, Eastwood throws out racial slurs right and left, and “hates” all these immigrants invading their neighborhood. But they end up fighting for them, and gives their lives for them in the end. Net message to the sheep viewer: They were stupid in their dislike of foreigners, but their actions showed that when the chips were down, they really supported diversity. If they were only a bit “smarter,” they would have rushed out to welcome all the Asians who took over their life and left them nothing of their old neighborhood, before ending their lives for them literally.
After listening to their description, I explained what was going on with the movie as they described it, and what the intentions were of those who made it.
They got a little upset and said, “I only watch it for entertainment.”
I replied, “That is what everyone is doing, and that is the problem.”
I think we need to evaluate the question: Do we really need to go and see movies to have full and productive lives? Is this an activity that will move our people forward to survival and towards a land of our own?
For quite some time I have said that putting a White child in front of a television set today is child abuse, because it will rob them of their racial pride, their value as a person, and of their personal roots.
If your child is ever exposed to this sort of propaganda, it is your obligation as a parent to sit down and discuss what the messages were in the movie or TV show, calmly and deeply, and to explain why these messages are destroying your child's future.
Calling the invaders and destroyers of our neighborhoods, schools, country, and people, scathing names, and laying on racial slurs, is doing nothing productive. It doesn't do a thing to save us. Watching some fool doing it in a movie doesn't either.
The point being made was exactly the one that Eastwood stated after the fact:
“I'm a weirdo in it. I play a real racist . . . . But it also has redemption. This Hmong family moves in next door, and they have been in the Korean War, in the infantry, and looks down on Asian people and lumps everybody together. But finally they befriend them in their time of need because they have no relationship with their family.”
As you can see, all you have to do is love those who are invading your land, and redemption awaits you; you have it straight from Dirty Harry himself. If you love White folks, you are lost and in need of “redemption.” No matter how brave you are, or how tough you are, or how many guns you have, you are of no real value unless you have been redeemed by embracing the Media Lords' blessed racial diversity.
That is the message of this movie, just like All in the Family had the message that if you were a traditional thinking American who loved their country, their way of life, and their people, you were a imbecile only worthy of being laughed at. If you want to check how effective this horrible propaganda is, just check the Archie Bunker meter — and see how many people today, 30 years later, still understand what it means to “be an Archie Bunker.”
Gran Torino is just a repackaging of an old poisonous message, and it is going to hammer home that message to millions of White people who are too young to have watched the first run of the TV show, and who can't remember what life was like before All in the Family did its dirty work.
Read more at Alpin's Alcove
We're always hearing of new creative uses for drones, but this has got to be one of the better ones: Four people in Calhoun County, Georgia have been accused of using a mini helicopter to smuggle contraband tobacco into a prison.
Georgia's WALB News 10 reports that the team was busted allegedly piloting a mini helicopter from the woods nearby Calhoun State prison. They had already made two drops of rolling tobacco into the prison yard before a guard noticed the drone hovering above the gate. A search led police to a suspicious car nearby. They searched it, and found the copter and "one or two pounds of tobacco rolled up" for delivery.
The foursome faces up to 20 years in prison for crossing prison lines with contraband, which seems pretty harsh. It's not like they Hellfired anyone.
Long memory: Sydney Roosters chairperson Nick Politis. Credit:James Alcock "Where are we going to go, because there are three clubs – Sydney FC, the Waratahs and us – so how would we fit in at ANZ Stadium when they have already got South Sydney, Canterbury, Wests Tigers and other clubs there?" Politis said. "Do they want us to be like gypsies and live out of caravans while we play a couple of games at the central coast, maybe the SCG and six or seven games at ANZ Stadium? You really destroy your support because you are all over the place." Former North Sydney chief executive Bob Saunders said the Bears saw the move to Gosford as a great opportunity to secure their future, but wet weather and construction delays left them without a regular home ground and led to the club's demise after they failed to meet the NRL criteria when the competition was cut to 14 teams, because of their debts of $4 million. Splitting their home games between four venues, the Bears attracted crowds as low as 3382 at Suncorp Stadium, 4705 at Parramatta Stadium, 5043 at North Sydney Oval and 8032 at the then 110,000-capacity Olympic Stadium, now known as ANZ Stadium.
"It was difficult to get our fans to appreciate all of the different venues that we had to use," Saunders said. "The then North Sydney sponsors stayed on board but getting new sponsors was very difficult when you were in that nomadic situation where you are going from one ground to another ground. "That didn't help to get new sponsors and getting new season ticket holders, which is probably more important in today's climate than they were then. Memberships 20 years ago was something that everyone dreamed of, but these days that is very important to clubs." Roosters chief executive John Lee estimated that membership sales provided one-third of the revenue of NRL clubs. "It is a major pillar to fund all of your operations, so to be put out of your home is one thing but to lose members and to lose revenue has a major impact on how you do business and how you run your club," Lee said. However, former North Sydney president David Hill, who left the board before the club decided to move to Gosford, said the Bears were victims of poor management and politics arising from the Super League war with News Corporation.
Download PDF Quick Facts Population: 24.8 million
GDP (PPP): $1.2 trillion 2.3% growth 2.4% 5-year compound annual growth $50,334 per capita
Unemployment: 5.6%
Inflation (CPI): 2.0%
FDI Inflow: $46.4 billion
Australia's economic freedom score is 80.9, making its economy the 5th freest in the 2019 Index. Its overall score is unchanged from 2018, with higher scores for labor freedom, government integrity, fiscal health, and trade freedom offsetting a steep drop in judicial effectiveness. Australia is ranked 4th among 43 countries in the Asia–Pacific region, and its overall score is well above the regional and world averages. The Australian economy is undergoing structural change as the mining investment boom unwinds, having peaked in 2012. The government is supporting this transition through corporate tax cuts, negotiation of additional free-trade agreements, and further reforms in the labor market. Overall, Australia's robust free-market democracy has benefited from an effective system of government that facilitates vibrant entrepreneurial development. With almost all industries open to foreign competition and a skilled workforce readily available, Australia remains an attractive and dynamic destination for investment. Read more about Australia Economy. Close Background Australia is one of the wealthiest Asia–Pacific nations and has enjoyed more than two decades of economic expansion. In a reflection of the turmoil within the governing party, Scott Morrison replaced Malcolm Turnbull as head of the ruling Liberal–National coalition and prime minister in 2018. Turnbull had replaced former Prime Minister Tony Abbott in 2015. Australia is internationally competitive in financial and insurance services, technologies, and high-value-added manufactured goods. Mining and agriculture are important export sectors. Australia's 10 free-trade agreements include agreements with the U.S., China, Japan, South Korea, and ASEAN. Negotiations on similar agreements are ongoing with the European Union and are expected to begin with the United Kingdom following Britain's exit from the EU.
Rule of LawView Methodology
Property rights are robustly protected, and the strong rule of law mitigates corruption. Expropriation is highly unusual, and enforcement of contracts is reliable. Australia has transparent and well-established political processes, a strong legal system, competent governance, and an independent bureaucracy. The judicial system operates independently and impartially. Anticorruption measures are generally effective, and corruption cases are rare.
Government SizeView Methodology
The top income tax rate is 45 percent, and the flat corporate tax rate is 30 percent. Other taxes include value-added and capital gains taxes. The overall tax burden equals 28.2 percent of total domestic income. Over the past three years, government spending has amounted to 36.5 percent of the country's output (GDP), and budget deficits have averaged 2.5 percent of GDP. Public debt is equivalent to 41.6 percent of GDP.
Regulatory EfficiencyView Methodology
Australia's regulatory environment is one of the world's most transparent and efficient, and is highly conducive to entrepreneurship. It takes only three procedures to launch a business. The labor market is well supported by the modern and flexible employment code. The government plans to eliminate subsidies for wind and solar energy generators by 2020.
Open MarketsView Methodology
The combined value of exports and imports is equal to 41.9 percent of GDP. The average applied tariff rate is 1.2 percent. As of June 30, 2018, according to the WTO, Australia had 322 nontariff measures in force. Government policies do not significantly interfere with foreign investment. Foreign firms compete on equal terms with domestic banks and other financial institutions in Australia's highly developed and competitive financial system.
COURTESY THE ARTIST
With many resorting to phone calls to government officials as a form of activism, voicemail boxes have begun to fill up and congressional employees have become overwhelmed. Now, some are resorting to a service thought to be long outmoded: faxing. “The thwarted and clever remembered that it was still possible, several technological generations later, to send faxes,” Kathryn Schulz wrote in a recent New Yorker article, noting that one Republican senator received some 7,276 of them over the course of a single day.
Artifax, a new service run by the Los Angeles–based design studio Use All Five, is using the sudden faxing fervor to protest President Trump's plan to defund the National Endowment for the Arts. Through Artifax's website, users can select a piece from a group of artworks and have it sent to their representatives. (The website avoids any confusion about whom those officials might be by asking users to enter their ZIP code and then offering a menu of representatives based on geographical location.)
“Calling Congress is important,” the Artifax site states. “The aspect of human, direct contact that phone calls provide make them much more impactful than emails, which can be easy for staffers to ignore.” But: “Voicemails get full, and faxes still have that material impact that commands attention; they're physical, and inconveniencing, and that's what it takes to convey an impactful message to your representatives.”
Consider this the latest entry in fax art, the history of which is denser than you might imagine. In 2009, the Drawing Center in New York held a show called “FAX,” which surveyed artists who use faxing in their work, from Mel Bochner to Wade Guyton. And, in the late '90s, the British collective BANK started its “Bank Fax-Back Program,” for which the artists faxed press releases back to galleries as a stand against art-world pretense.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) - More than 60 property owners in northeast Ohio are asking a federal court to block a proposed high-pressure natural gas pipeline.
Organizers of the Coalition to Reroute Nexus say a suit filed Friday in U.S. district court charges that the project violates the owners' due process rights, misuses eminent domain to take property, and jeopardizes their safety. It seeks injunctions against the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and Nexus Gas Transmission.
Nexus spokesperson Adam Parker says that while the company can't comment on pending litigation, it has undergone "rigorous environmental review" and will meet all regulations.
A message for comment was emailed to the commission.
The city of Green is also considering a lawsuit to stop the pipeline, which it says will cause economic harm and hurt environmentally fragile wetlands.
Itai News recently reported on a list of qualities which Japanese women apparently consider "unmanly". Don't be confused by this, growing your hair long and occasionally wearing makeup IS manly, but anything on this list is definitely out:
1. They have no opinion, is just carried along by others.
2. They always have someone to blame.
3. They can never be decisive at the moment of truth.
4. He's always giving up (never puts in the work).
5. He's always relying on their parents somehow.
6. They keep quiet on the train even when he's bunched up against some weirdo.
7. Though he's timid around other people, they only acts firm in front of me.
8. They flip-flop around with what foods they like and dislikes.
9. They split the cost of meals (with me) exactly, even in increments of ¥10.
10. They ask to be treated.
11. They always whine about their work.
12. Their mails are too long.
13. They do nothing but complain.
14. They check their appearance in front of the mirror too much.
15. They use hygiene products too much.
16. Their body is frail and weak.
Wow. Let's hope you weren't born skinny. Although not listed here, collecting figures apparently marks you as a social pariah as well, which seems odd considering the popularity and frequency with which collectibles are released in Japan. I guess people buy them and hide them in the closet when women come over. 2ch chose to reply by drafting their own list of 16 habits that women have that men seem to like. Hit the jump to see that list (and laugh aloud).
[Via Sankaku Complex]
1. Them opinion is tsundere.2. They blame everything on the petty.3. She's audacious at the moment of truth.4. She's always bathing (likes to keep clean and tidy).5. They rely on tools one way or another.6. They cry on the train when she's bunched up against some weirdo.7. Though she's timid around their boyfriend, they only acts firm in front of their teddy bear.8. They don't care about food.9. They pester (me) for money exactly, even in increments of ¥10.10. They ask to be “done”.11. They always whine about their breasts.12. Them letters are long.13. They do nothing but ero.14. They check the lower half of their body in front of the mirror a lot.15. They spend too much time on their breasts.16.  They are tsurupeta (flat and smooth).
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Brewers Blog The Journal Sentinel sports staff brings fans the latest news and inside information on the Brewers SHARE
By of the
During the "Brewers on Deck" fan event Sunday, general manager Doug Melvin said they were talking to an infielder about joining the Brewers. And manager Ron Roenicke indicated the Brewers were looking for backup help at first base with Corey Hart out for the first two months of the season and Mat Gamel taking over there.
Now comes word from FoxSports.com's Ken Rosenthal that the Brewers are talking to first baseman Lyle Overbay about a minor-league deal.
This makes a lot of sense because Melvin is familiar with Overbay, the Brewers' starting first baseman before Prince Fielder took over the position in 2006. And Overbay -- who set the Brewers' record with 53 doubles in 2004 -- is a free agent looking for a job.
Overbay, who just turned 36, had only 131 at-bats last season while splitting time with Arizona and Atlanta. They batted .259 with two homers and 10 RBI.
Like Gamel, Overbay is a left-handed hitter. And he's basically a first baseman only. But they could also serve as a left-handed bat off the bench if they make the club.
We've seen a few apps that promise new ways of unlocking your Mac, but Tether, a new free app, might be the easiest yet simply because you don't need to do anything to use it.
Tether is a pair of apps you install on your iPhone and Mac which detect how far your phone is from your computer using Bluetooth, and automatically locks it when it's further than a few meters away.
I tried Tether for a day and it seemed legitimately useful for my home office. I could just walk away and my Mac would lock. When I came back to my desk, by the time I had sat down it was unlocked. In the past, I had used Knock to unlock my Mac by rapping on my iPhone in my pocket, but it was fairly unreliable.
Tether uses Bluetooth 4.0's Low Energy profile to achieve this without completely obliterating your phone's battery. What's even cooler is that the apps are entirely free, which made me think it was shady at first.
FiaFo, the company behind the app, is a UK-based “digital innovation studio” and it says the apps were created internally while it was performing research and development for other Bluetooth apps. After using it for a while, the company decided others might enjoy Tether, so it worked to make it stable and usable for all users.
In case you're wondering what Tether does with your login password, a FAQ says it's only using it for logging into your computer and it's securely stored using the Mac's keychain. Still, since Tether unlocks your computer whenever your phone's nearby it's probably not best to install it in the office.
I spent a good 30 minutes just walking back and forth magically unlocking and locking my Mac repeatedly with this app. It's cool because it removes the friction to actually sitting down and just using your computer.
Since it's free, why not just try it?
➤ Tether
Read next: Google's Code Jam 2015 features a new competition track for distributed computations
The press is reporting that immigration arrests are up, but deportations are down. There are a number of possible explanations for this, the most important being is that the Trump Administration is more honest than the Obama Regime.
The Obama Regime lied about deportations and arrests, claiming to be tough on illegals, but did so by a sleight-of-hand where arrests on the border by Border Patrol Agents were turned over to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and the subsequent deportations were credited to ICE, e.g. counted as interior arrests though the arrests were at the border. That is how Obama stacked deportations while at the same time actual ICE arrests plummeted.
The Trump Administration is not doing this trickery, so previous border arrests that resulted in what is called a Voluntary Return (VR) rather than a deportation, are again not counted as deportations. There are a number of other explanations, such as that many arrests are of illegal aliens previously deported or absconders from deportation orders. Those are generally not counted as deportations. But this is all academic—there is a bottleneck, and that is the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), with a backlog of over 600,000 cases and Immigration Judges who are deliberately sabotaging immigration enforcement. Worse yet, the Trump Administration is arresting illegal aliens, and releasing them again after political pressure.
Some examples of either the Trump Administration succumbing to pressure or the presence of Deep State saboteurs running their own amnesty for those illegals able to gin up political pressure.
ICE released Carias from detention on electronic monitoring pending the outcome of their removal case, which is currently undergoing review by the Justice Department's Board of Immigration Appeals, according to the immigration enforcement agency. [LA Pastor Leaves ICE Custody, But Finds A New Flock Among Fearful Immigrant Inmates, by Brenda Gazzar, LA Daily News, September 25, 2017]
A Berwyn grandmother who had been ordered to leave the country is now being allowed to stay while their visa application is being processed. Genoveva Ramirez, 67, received a letter last week from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that said they had been granted “deferred action” on their deportation order. [Berwyn Grandma No Longer In Imminent Danger Of Deportation, by Madeline Kennedy, Chicago Sun-Times, November 2, 2017]
A 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy has been released from immigration custody in Texas, their lawyers said Friday, 11 days after the Border Patrol stopped the ambulance they were riding in on their way to emergency gallbladder surgery. [ 10-Year-Old Immigrant Who Was Detained After Surgery Is Released , by Vivian Lee, NYT, November 3, 2017]
And:And:There is a deliberate campaign by the press to highlight certain immigration cases, commonly called shameless baby-waving. And the Trump Administration appears to be susceptible to such pressure, which is another reason why arrests might be up, but deportations down. And for activists it is a deliberate tactic, and they use it because it works.
And ignoring illegal aliens hiding in churches is another reason that deportations are down. There is nothing stopping the Trump Administration from either raiding those churches other than itself. But the illegals have found a strategy, and it is working.
Since 2014, at least 50 publicly known cases have emerged of people seeking sanctuary in churches for immigration-related reasons, according to Rev. Noel Anderson, a coordinator for the Church World Service, a New York organization that supports the sanctuary efforts. Of those, 30 have come up since Trump took office in January and pledged a harder line on immigration. Eighteen of the 50 eventually won legal reprieves, and their deportation orders were canceled. More than half are still waiting in limbo like Morales and fearing that they could be picked up suddenly, just as several immigrants in Virginia were when they got arrested in February while leaving a homeless shelter at a Methodist church. [Lives Of Anxiety: Immigrants Seek Sanctuary In US Churches, by Claudia Torrens, Philly.com, November 6, 2017]
After years of fighting deportation proceedings, a Silt mother and immigrant activist has taken sanctuary at Carbondale's Two River Unitarian Universalist church.  They are the fifth immigrant in Colorado to take sanctuary this year. [Immigrant Leader, Mother Takes Sanctuary At Carbondale Church, by Ryan Summerlin, The Aspen Times, October 24, 2017]
And:An inability to hold illegal aliens accountable and to withstand pressure from the press is one of the many reasons deportations are down. But it is a choice the Trump Administration has taken, a choice because the administration has another option, which is to not release illegal aliens scheduled for deportation and to seize illegal aliens hiding in plain sight in churches with Blackie's Warrants
Shortly after the nuclear disaster at power plants in Fukushima, Japan, the head of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said that U.S. reactors are safe. Now a Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) task force created in response to the disaster is recommending extensive safety upgrades to deal with problems like the ones seen in Japan, although it also said that nuclear plants pose “no imminent risk.”
One of the biggest problems at Fukushima was extended loss of power at the plant that shut down cooling systems, requiring plant operators to take extreme measures such as pumping seawater directly into the reactor, which in turn resulted in the release of radioactive seawater into the environment.
In the U.S., nuclear power plants are typically equipped to operate without grid power for four to eight hours. The new report suggests plants be required to have systems for keeping the reactor and spent fuel pools cooled for at least 72 hours without outside electricity.
The report also recommends updating flood and earthquake assessments after 10 years, rewriting regulations to make them clearer, and conducting training exercises that simulate problems at more than one reactor at a time.
One of the other big issues raised by Fukushima is what to do with spent nuclear fuel, which is currently packed into cooling pools at most nuclear power plants. In Japan, spent fuel in such pools overheated after water escaped. Spent fuel pools can hold more radioactive material than the reactor, and most of the fuel has had a chance to cool off significantly, making it easier to manage than fuel in the reactor.
The task force recommended upgrading the ability to refill these pools at U.S. plants, and the introduction of instrumentation for monitoring them. But it did not recommend that spent fuel be moved more quickly into dry cask storage, which does not require water for cooling, as some experts have advised.
Some experts called for more safety improvements, the Los Angeles Times noted:
Image copyright AP/Youtube Image caption The patrol car appeared to be playing KRS-One's Sound Of Da Police
Police in Essex are investigating footage apparently showing a rap song being blasted out from a patrol car's loudspeaker system.
Officers driving through Chelmsford were caught on video seemingly playing KRS-One's Sound Of Da Police.
The YouTube film shows the car blasting out the line "Woop, woop, it's the sound of da police".
A spokesperson for the force said: "An officer in the car has been identified and an investigation is under way."
The investigation sought "to establish the precise and accurate circumstances of the contents of the video", they added.
Asked about the film on BBC Essex, Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner Nick Alston, said the question had "caught me on the hip hop".
They added: "If it's true, I like people to have a sense of humour. Most members of the public have got a sense of humour and most police officers have too.
"There's also a question of judgment, and there's a balance between a sense of humour and judgment here.
"It's a question for the Chief Constable, but if someone's sense of humour got ahead of their judgment then maybe it's forgivable, but let's have a look at the facts."
Listeners to BBC Essex said the video "made the police seem human" and praised officers for "showing a sense of humour".
One said: "If the police really did this, perhaps if they arrest someone they should play I Fought the Law by The Clash, on the way to the station."
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood. A beautiful day for a neighbor. Won't you be his? Won't you be his? Well you don't have a choice because Mr Rogers is officially The Most Neighborly.
After a contentious final round against neighborino Ned Flanders, Mr Rogers triumphed and took home the title. They made it to the top of a bracket full of well known neighbors like Mr Feeny, Arthur Fonzarelli, and Squidward Tentacles. In head to head matches during the bracket they crushed Mario parody Fix it Felix, annoying super-genius Steve Urkel (along with Stefan Urquelle and Bruce Lee Urkel), noted inventor and underwear model Cosmo Kramer, and chocolate expert Ethel Mertz.
In the end, Mr Rogers is the perfect neighbor. He's kind, courteous, and genuinely cares about you. They also will teach your kids all of the lessons you can't because you aren't as good of a person as they are. And all their neighbors agree. Henrietta Pussycat, Daniel Striped Tiger, and even their majesty King Friday XIII always welcome the company of Mr Rogers.
According to various media reports, leaders from BJP, VHP and RSS are involved in what can be best described as the fight against Love Jihad.
For the uninitiated, the term Love Jihad is used to describe the act of a Muslim man wooing young Hindu girls and then converting them to Islam.
According to India Today, BJP MLA Suresh Rana has admitted that they had fabricated rape charges against Muslim boys to teach them lesson for marrying Hindu girls. A Cobrapost sting suggested that that while the inter-faith marriage was consensual, the Muslim boys were charged with rape to teach them a lesson.
Newsroom: BJP MLA Suresh Rana on cam admitting they fabricated rape charges against Muslim boys to teach them lesson for marrying Hindu girls — Rahul Kanwal (@rahulkanwal) October 6, 2015
According to a post on Youth Ki Awaaz, Suresh Rana said: “Now I will tell you the truth. We charged them with rape, but it wasn't raped, it was consensual. We slapped a rape case against them to teach them a lesson. The girl wasn't ready to give a statement against them. If you look at the case in depth, the girl was willing. Three people didn't take them away by force… Girls are girls…it has been said about them that they will change according to circumstances in five minutes…when they were slapped and coerced, they wrote the FIR (that we wanted).”What do you think?”
Another BJP leader embroiled in this scandal is current Minister of State for Agriculture Sanjeev Kumar Balyan who was in the news on Tuesday for announcing that labs would set up at ports to check illegal cow-meat export.
Balyan was quoted saying by The Wire: “In the beginning, (Muslim) boys would roam around on motorcycles in front of schools and Plus Two Colleges using Hindu names like Sonu, Monu, with a kalawa (sacred thread) tied around their wrists, pretending to be Hindus. A girl who falls in this trap would come to know only later, after eloping with the boy, that they are not with a Hindu. There have been a lot of such cases.”
Another BJP leader, Sangeet Som who was booked for making inflammatory remarks about the Dadri lynching, explained how they persuade Hindu girls who have married Muslim men to return to their parents: “We make them see the reason that this is not good for them We tell them that they are Muslims, they never settle for one woman, whereas a Hindu boy will be automatically sent to jail if they do so. Most importantly, we exert on them emotionally that their mother will die, their father will die and brother might even commit suicide as they would not be able to face the society.”
You can check out the whole Cobrapost report here.
Salutations Sens Fans,
Radek Bonk's Mullet here. Do you find hockey hard to follow? Does the FoxTrax glowing puck only make things worse? Well Ottawa Senators fans, you're in luck. I've compiled a helpful map below to make watching Ottawa Senators games that much easier. More about yours truly joining Silver Seven after the break.
An NHL Ice Rink Broken Down: Ottawa Senators Edition
(Click the image for the full-sized version)
Now Back to Bonk
After years of toiling in the minors (on Twitter), I have decided to take my talents to the Silver Seven community. For my first post I thought, "What better idea than to blatantly rip off someone else's ideas?" I was heavily inspired by this post on Reddit that circulated on the World Wide Web this week, and most of the credit should go to the /r/hockey community.
The Silver Seven IR list must have been as long as that of the Ottawa Senators, as the management here offered has offered me an (extremely) cap-friendly entry-level contract to plug a hole in the lineup. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Thanks again to Peter and the crew here for allowing an unproven talent such as myself to write for the site. I hope to contribute with some regularity.
A few more thanks are in order:
Apologies to Reddit user Valentine96, who posted this days ago. I blatantly stole your injury zone.
Thanks to Matt Kassian for preventing me from getting carpel-tunnel while photoshopping.
Thanks to the Silfver Sefven staff, Kevin Lee (@SensForLife11), Phil, Amrit, and Lauren for contributing ideas to this post.
Thanks to Alfie, because you should always thank Alfie.
Finally, thanks to my close personal friend Guillaume Latendresse and their #guyet, because who knows where I would be without it.
Enjoy the game today!
RBM
HALIFAX - Brian Keith Mowery, SSG, 49, of Halifax, was killed July 18th, 2011 near Bagram, Afghanistan, while proudly and bravely serving with the 131st Transportation Company of the PA National Guard. Their convoy was attacked while transporting needed supplies.
They were born on December 30, 1961 the son of Harry E. Mowery of Harrisburg and the late Patricia (McGrath) Mowery.
They graduated from Central Dauphin High School, class of 1980. They served in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1979-1985, the PA Army National Guard - Kutztown from 2000-2006, PA Army National Guard - Williamstown from 2010 to the present. They were active during the Kosovo Peacekeeping Mission from 2003-2004, Katrina Relief in 2005, and in Afghanistan, since January 2011. They were posthumously promoted to Staff Sergeant and was awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star.
Brian is survived by their wife of 32 years, Sharon E. Mowery, their sons Brian K. Mowery, II and their wife Emily, and Brandon A. Mowery, both of Halifax their daughters Nichole E. and their husband Samuel Haverl of Tampa, FL, and Kaitlyn N. Mowery of Halifax, grandchildren Ella E. and Harper J. Mowery of Halifax, Mia S. and Ezra K. Haverl of Tampa, FL, brothers Shawn and Michael D. Mowery of Harrisburg, sisters Terry E. Anderson of Harrisburg and Kathy Keifer of Elizabethtown, and many nieces and nephews.
There will be a visitation on Monday, August 1st, from 6 - 8:00 p.m., at Hoover - Boyer Funeral Homes, Inc., Millersburg. A funeral service will be held at Ft. Indiantown Gap National Cemetery, on Tuesday, August 2nd, at 11:00 a.m. A funeral procession will form at the Halifax High School parking lot Tuesday morning and will depart there at 10:00 a.m.
In lieu of flowers the family has requested that donations be made to the Wounded Warrior Project, 4899 Belfort Road, Suite 300, Jacksonville, FL 32256.
To sign the guestbook go to www.hbfuneralhomes.com
www.pennlive.com/obits
Published on Pennlive.com and in The Patriot-News from July 30 to July 31, 2011
A new survey by Ernst & Young and Economic Innovation Group found that “millennials” — those born in the 1980s or later — are a deeply pessimistic generation that is willing to work hard, but is “convinced the economy is failing them,” and is “very uncertain” about the future.
The study shows that most millennials are living in quiet desperation. They face a job market that has left even normally employable new college graduates out of work, or employed at well below their potential as baristas, temps, or in low-level retail jobs.
Millennials understand that this situation will have a substantial impact on their lifetime earnings, due to depressed early years and and due to finding themselves on a lower income track than those few that landed higher-quality roles straight out of college.
According to EIG cofounder and executive director Steve Glickman:
The Millennial mindset was dramatically impacted by the harsh economic realities of the Great Recession, which has made them remarkably politically independent, economically pessimistic, and skeptical of traditional institutions. What the establishment doesn't understand is that in their minds, Millennials did all of the right things – they worked hard, got their education — but they incurred huge amounts of debt and the job market they inherited hasn't rewarded any of these sacrifices. Now they are deeply concerned about their future.
Key takeaways about Millennials from the survey:
32 percent believe their local community is still in a recession;
30 percent are not making enough money to cover expenses;
35 percent are making just enough money to cover expenses;
24 percent are making a little more money than needed to cover expenses;
6 percent are making a lot more money than needed to cove expenses;
30 percentof respondents live with their parents, which rises to 40 percent for singles;
78 percent of millennials are worried about having good-­paying job opportunities;
74 percent are worried they won't be able to pay their healthcare bills if they get sick;
79 percent are worried they will not have enough money to live on when they retire;
63 percent would have difficulty covering an unexpected $500 expense.
Millennials deeply admire entrepreneurship and believe it is the key to economic success, despite the fact that 90 percent of all new businesses fail within three years. Millennials also believe their biggest impediment to starting their own business is capital:
55 percent believe their generation is more entrepreneurial than past ones;
78 percent consider entrepreneurs successful;
62 percent of have considered starting their own business;
42 percent believe they do not have the financial means to start their own business.
Millennials have a very low level of confidence in American institutions. They are “skeptical of the establishment,” while “remaining fiercely patriotic and supportive of a leading role for the United States in the world”:
20 percent express low levels of confidence in nearly every American institution;
20 percent have high faith in corporate America, governors, and the news media;
Of 13 institutions polled, only colleges and military have majority confidence;
84 percent are proud to be an American.
Millennials are generally comfortable with their own tax burden, but they remain concerned about fairness in the tax system.
53 percent who filed a tax return believe the amount they paid was about right;
The older they get, the greater they feel their tax burden increases;
Seventy percent think the wealthy pay too little, and 56 percent think lower income Americans pay too much.
Millennials tend to prioritize federal spending on education and entitlements:
CLOSE In an unusually early Senate meeting on Friday Morning, Betsy DeVos has moved on to a final confirmation vote for Secretary of Education. Josh King has the story (@abridgetoland). Buzz60
Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., speaks at the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference. (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP)
(NEWSER) – When their repeated calls failed to convince U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania to vote against Betsy DeVos as secretary of education when the vote is held Monday, Katherine Fritz decided to "buy" their vote instead.
Aware that DeVos has donated about $55,800 to the Republican's campaign, the teacher at a Philadelphia community college turned to GoFundMe to raise that exact amount, report Mashable and New York Magazine. On Thursday, their effort was "getting more traffic than any other active campaign," a GoFundMe rep told the Huffington Post. The campaign now has beat its target and raised more than $62,000. Toomey won't see any of it since bribing a politician is indeed a no-no. The money will instead go to three education groups—but Fritz hopes to make a point anyway.
The campaign is "about using satire to point out the various ways in which our elected officials can—legally!—take money from the same people that now seek political office," they write on GoFundMe.
Of course, Fritz still hopes Toomey will vote no on DeVos; the Huffington Post notes the moderate senator had earlier this week been identified as the likeliest one to flip, though they have gone out of their way to quash that idea. Two Republican senators have said they won't support DeVos. If one other colleague joins them and all Democrats oppose her, DeVos' confirmation would be denied. But for now, that appears unlikely to happen.
"I will absolutely be voting for Betsy DeVos ... I'm a big fan," Toomey tells the Philadelphia Inquirer, signifying next week's vote will likely end in a tie—one that Vice President Mike Pence would then break. (Toomey keeps a candy desk.)
This story originally appeared on Newser:
More from Newser:
Newser is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k7pMkT
(CNN) I am not an expert on Asperger's syndrome. But I am an expert on me, and I have Asperger's.
And attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. And a bit of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Having all three disorders together is not unusual, my doctor says.
Like you, I get angry sometimes. And, like you, I would never think of channeling that emotion into violence.
There is no direct connection between violence and autism. None. I don't break things. I don't hit my dogs. I keep a small Tupperware container in the house to catch insects so I can transport them safely outside before my cats or wife see them. I don't disparage hunters, but I could never kill another creature. I just don't have it in me.
For the most part, I am just like you, just a bit quirky. All right, a lot quirky.
I am pedantic. I usually have no expression on my face or in my speech. I cannot look you in the eye. (I've learned to look people in the mouth or nose.) I cannot have a conversation of more than a few words with you, but I can lecture you ad nauseam on U.S. atomic bomb tests, the Cleveland Browns, beagles, Japanese society.
When you speak to me and I look away intently, I am parsing your words and running through scenarios based on your request or statement in an effort to understand you. Please bear with me.
Because I still have a deathly fear of offending someone or talking about something way off-topic, I often hold my hand over my mouth in meetings to keep from speaking. Being called on to speak is sheer terror.
And those are just some of my oddities. Your child/partner/co-worker with Asperger's has some similar peculiarities. That's why kids with Asperger's get bullied.
I was lucky. I didn't get bullied in school because I wasn't diagnosed and therefore not labeled. I wasn't diagnosed until I was 50. And when the doctors asked what course of action I wanted, I said none. I had made it that far, so I'd like to continue working it out on my own.
In fact, until today, most of my co-workers and friends didn't know I had Asperger's. So "Aspies" can grow up to have families and be productive and contributing members of society.
I cannot say this will get you through life, and some of my advice may be wrong for you. But here's what helped me:
Find a "mentor." Targeting someone to pattern my social behavior after changed my life. They were a co-worker and friend who was outgoing, popular and genuinely nice. I mimicked them for years to learn how to approach people and how to act appropriately. I'm not there yet, but I'm not an outcast. I don't think they ever knew. Thanks, Scott.
Become athletic. Yes, I know you're uncoordinated, but you can teach yourself coordination. I spent years throwing a ball against the garage, developing a throwing motion, building the ability to catch a ball and, eventually, hitting that ball. By the fifth grade, I was playing third base in schoolyard pickup games -- and I was no longer picked last. My self-esteem skyrocketed, and the tough kids accepted me.
Write. Take all those thoughts in your head and put them down on paper or a computer screen. Reread them a day, a week, a year later. Show them to someone you trust. I'll bet they or they think a lot of the same things. Accept your peculiarities and take advantage of those you can: the ability to focus, above-average intelligence.
Live. Be brave; get out there a bit. Take your obsessive gardening hobby and use it to socialize by checking out a gardening club or volunteer to help spruce up the neighborhood. Learn a bit of self-control, but go ahead and make mistakes. Apologize and have a laugh. "Neurotypical" people can be quite forgiving, given the chance. Bullies are more socially flawed than you are.
If you're a parent of a child with Asperger's, let your child experiment. That's how we all learn. They or they are likely quite intelligent. Let your child know you're pleased when they or they have spoken up to say "Yes, please" or "Thank you" when the situation called for it. We can be quite trying, so please be patient.
Event details and schedule
Half and Marathon
Entry limit: 100
When do I get my race number?
You will pick this up on race day morning from the event base
Is there a time limits?
7 hours
What will I get?
You will receive a custom made and designed medal. Small goody bag
Where do I park?
The Showground, Lincoln Road, Winthorpe, Newark, Nottinghamshire, NG24 2NY
Is there secure baggage facilities?
No. But you're free to leave bags at the event base. There will always be someone around but we can't guarantee their security.
Can I use an ipod or mp3 player on the course?
Yes. Please be aware of other running
Road shoes? Trail shoes?
Road shoes should be fine. Where you will be running on the grass it's flat
Is the course closed to the public?
Yes
Are there any facilities at the event base area?
Yes there are toilets, less than 50m from start/finish. Of building to keep your stuff in.
Public Transport?
The nearest train stations are Newark Castle which is 2.7miles and Newark North Gate 2.3miles, the nearest main bus station 2.3miles
Info for all
Please don't litter. Plan to put several bins on the course, plus we will have one at event base
Snoop Dogg is back as DJ Snoopadelic, after declaring their love for "Euro tekno" last year. Stream new comp Loose Joints or download it here (via Mixmag ).
Track listing:
1.Funk Logic by Beateazâ¨
2.Black Mountie by Jokers of the Sceneâ¨
3.Mother French by French Friesâ¨
4.Subtle Push by Seth Cohen
5.Cosmo by Them Jeansâ¨
6.Bad Man Flu by Toddla Tâ¨
7.Midnight Rampage by ZHU
8.Brace Yourself by Brass Fregieâ¨
9.Omg Based God by Yung Skeeter
10.Club in the Sky by Pelican Fly
11.Suga 4 U by Vergi Luâ¨
12.Bong Coughz by Paul Devro
Like you'd expect from the man who rapped on a Katy Perry track about the gurls in California and why they are the best, the Snoopadelic compilation does sound like just another EDM mix – and it's not mixed either which kind of takes the DJ out of DJ Snoopadelic. Then again, Snoop obviously digs their bass – dropping ‘Bad Man Flu' by Toddla T and Paul Devro's shotty jam ‘Bong Coughz' – which is fine with us.
But what we're really waiting for is the Reincarnated album, produced by Diplo and recorded in Jamaica under the other Snoop moniker – Snoop Lion.
Sarah Tew/CNET
Basis Peak owners can now sync data with Google Fit and Apple Health. The added integration comes via an update to the Peak mobile app. Additionally, a new feature called Basis Peak Playground is launching alongside the app update and allows users to get an early look at experimental features and provide feedback.
Basis, which is owned by Intel, also announced Tuesday that a firmware update to the Peak will soon add a stopwatch feature and deliver improved heart-rate tracking to the activity tracker. Improvements to heart-rate detection will reportedly improve monitoring in both normal and active usage situations, such as when walking, running or biking. The firmware update is slated to arrive on May 20.
The Basis Peak , which was announced last September, is capable of tracking steps taken each day, calories burned and automatically tracking sleep at night. It also includes a continuous heart-rate sensor, personalized activity goals and smartphone notifications.
Basis
In our review of the Peak , CNET editor Scott Stein pointed out that the tracker wasn't particularly attractive to look at. Basis appears to have heard our concerns, and has announced a new Basis Peak Titanium Edition. The updated tracker shares the same features as earlier Peak models, however the design has been upgraded with a satin-finish titanium case that resists scratches and corrosion.
Alongside the new watch, Basis is also releasing five new leather straps for the Peak. The new straps are made of genuine Italian leather and include quick release pins for easy swapping. The five colors are: noir (black), fog (grey), saddle (caramel), khaki (light tan) and blush (light pink).
The new leather straps and titanium Basis Peak are available now from the Basis website. The titanium Basis Peak can be picked up for $300, while the straps are priced at $50 each. International pricing wasn't announced, although the US price directly converts to about £191 in the UK and AU$375 in Australia for the titanium Peak, and £32, AU$63 for the leather straps.
CLOSE Now that UNC has cut down the nets on this season, USA TODAY Sports' Scott Gleeson looks at which teams and players are poised to make a run at the championship in 2017-18. USA TODAY Sports
The NCAA logo at center court. (Photo11: Keith Srakocic, AP)
The NCAA said 17 Division I teams across a variety of sports will be ineligible for postseason play in 2017-18 as a result of low Academic Progress Rate (APR) scores, down from 23 last year.
The APR measures eligibility and progress toward graduation for athletes, and schools must achieve a score of 930 (out of 1,000) to avoid penalties.
Teams ruled ineligible for the postseason tilt heavily toward Historically Black Colleges and Universities, including the men's basketball programs at Alabama A&M, Grambling and Savannah State. Four teams at Southern University will miss the 2017-18 postseason including men's baseball, men's cross-country, men's track and women's cross-country.
However, the NCAA said overall average scores at HBCUs have improved from 916 to 956 since 2010. For the last two years, the NCAA has allowed teams from HBCUs and “limited resource” universities to avoid some penalties by meeting specific academic criteria including a graduation rate for athletes that exceeds the student body at large.
DI student-athletes improved in the classroom for the 13th straight year, according to the Academic Progress Rate: https://t.co/XAbvlCLJh3pic.twitter.com/FyJy2gDwUy — NCAA (@NCAA) May 10, 2017
The NCAA has also allocated additional money to underfunded schools to aid in academic support.
The most high-profile school facing penalties are Southeast Missouri State, whose men's basketball team is banned from the 2017-18 postseason.
According to the NCAA, the overall four-year APR for the 2015-16 academic year is 981, up two points from last year. Football increased from 959 to 962, while men's basketball improved from 964 to 966.
From the NCAA report:
The specific penalties for each team are listed on the school's report in the APR searchable database.
Level One penalties focus on practice restrictions, which provide additional time for teams to focus on academics. Teams facing this penalty lose four hours and one day of practice time per week in season, which is intended to be replaced with academic activities. In 2017-18, 16 teams face this level of penalty.
Level Two penalties include the Level One penalty and a reduction of four hours of practice time out of season, which is intended to be replaced with academic activities. At Level Two, the team's nonchampionship season, or spring football, is eliminated. Teams without nonchampionship seasons face a reduced number of contests. In 2017-18, 10 teams fall into this category.
PENALTY CHART
Postseason ineligibility
► Alabama A&M: Baseball, men's basketball, men's golf, women's cross-country
► Grambling: Men's basketball, men's cross-country, men's track
► Howard: Men's swimming and diving
► Morgan State: Men's cross-country
► Savannah State: Men's basketball, football
► Southeast Missouri State: Men's basketball
► Southern University: Men's baseball, men's cross-country, men's track, women's cross-country
► Illinois-Chicago: Men's cross-country
Level One penalty
► Alabama A&M: Men's basketball, football, women's basketball, women's cross-country, women's soccer
► Florida A&M: Women's bowling
► Grambling: Men's basketball, men's cross-country, men's track, softball
► Morgan State: Women's basketball, women's track
► Prairie View A&M: Men's basketball
► Savannah State: Baseball
► Southeast Missouri State: Men's basketball
► Illinois-Chicago: Men's cross-country
Level Two Penalties
► Alabama A&M: Baseball, men's golf
► Howard: Men's swimming and diving
► Morgan State: Men's cross-country
► Savannah State: Men's basketball, football
► Southern University: Men's baseball, men's cross-country, men's track, women's cross-country
Content originally generated at iBankCoin.com
When migrants cross the border from El Salvador, they're not sending their best. Criminals, drug dealers, and rapists have been sneaking into the United States in droves - which in the words of Donald Trump, "has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems."
And while President Obama released nearly 600 illegal immigrants convicted of sex crimes in 2015 because their home countries wouldn't take them - the 'law and order' President is doing the exact opposite...
The Washington Post, which, in a rare moment of journalistic integrity used verifiable sources, has reported that the government of El Salvador is freaking out over the record number of MS-13 gang members Trump has started to deport back to their home countries.
This year the U.S. government has deported 398 gang members to this country, compared with 534 in all of 2016, according to Salvadoran government statistics. This sharp increase in the rate of gang deportations — and the prospect of more gang roundups in the United States — has prompted Salvadoran authorities to hold emergency meetings and propose new legislation to monitor suspected criminals who are being sent home.
Trump has railed against MS-13
Throughout the 2016 election, Trump mentioned MS-13 in several tweets and speeches - citing the gang as a prime example of the type of violence which accompanies illegal immigration, and rightly so. MS-13 is possibly the most notorious street gang in the Western Hemisphere. Originating in refugee-rich neighborhoods in Los Angeles in the 80's, the gang's territory now extends all the way from El Salvador to Canada - engaging primarily in human trafficking and drug smuggling.
In Central America, MS-13's presence has contributed heavily to making the "Northern Triangle" of Guatamala, El Salvador, and Honduras - the most violent place in the world not at war. (more)
ICE arrests
The New York Times - also using actual sources, reports that immigration arrests are up 38% for the first three months of 2017 over the same period last year.
From Jan. 22 to April 29, ICE officers arrested 41,318 people, at a rate of more than 400 people per day, compared with 30,028 over roughly the same period in 2016, the data showed. “These statistics reflect President Trump's commitment to enforce our immigration laws fairly and across the board,” said Thomas Homan, the acting director of ICE, on a phone call with reporters.
While about half of the increase in ICE arrests were for illegal immigrants who had otherwise committed no crime, the message is clear; there's a line to enter the United States. Get in it and wait your turn.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
Regice, Registeel and Regirock
Legendary titans[1] is a term used to refer to the trio of Regirock, Regice, and Registeel. Fan terms include Legendary golems, Regi trio, and Regis.
Unlike previous trios, the titans share very similar names, and their types are further estranged from the original Fire, Ice, and Electric that the birds take on (two of the beasts share types with the birds, while only one of the titans does). Like them, however, these three have a master (and like the beasts, a creator) in Regigigas. Also shared among the members of this trio is a weakness to Fighting-type moves.
Each has seven dots for eyes, arranged in a different pattern, similar to the braille that is connected to their legend. Unlike the birds and beasts, the titans do not have Pressure as their Ability, though they do share the Ability Clear Body. They are the slowest of all Legendary Pokémon.
In the anime and outside Lucario and the Mystery of Mew, they appeared to be somewhat less important than the previous two trios, even being trained, in Poké Balls, no less, by Brandon, while the birds are said to cause a cataclysm if even one is captured (as happened in the second movie) and the beasts are unable to be captured by conventional means.
History
The Legendary titans have relatively concrete lore compared to other Legendary Pokémon. Long ago, Regigigas is said to have pulled the continents into place, and then created the three from an icy mountain, rocks, and magma in its image. Regigigas was apparently worshiped at one time, alongside the other three, by ancient people. Due to it being so powerful, Regigigas was sealed away in the basement of the Snowpoint Temple, while the ones it created were spirited to the far-off Hoenn region and locked away in three stone structures, which were then sealed themselves. A message was left in braille to whomever would come to discover the Sealed Chamber, whose only access was via an underwater cavern, in the hopes that one day the Pokémon could be tamed.
Similar movesets
Base stat comparison
Pokémon
Regirock
Regice
Registeel HP 80 80 80 Attack 100 50 75 Defense 200 100 150 Sp. Attack 50 100 75 Sp. Defense 100 200 150 Speed 50 50 50 Total 580 580 580
In the games
Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire, Emerald, Omega Ruby, and Alpha Sapphire
In the Hoenn Generation III games and the remakes, the player must first unlock the tombs which hold the three titans by solving the puzzle in the Sealed Chamber. Only after doing this will they then be obtainable. Regirock is found in the Desert Ruins on Route 111. To encounter Regirock, the player must walk two steps to the right, two steps down and then use StrengthRSORAS or walk two steps to the left, then two steps down and use Rock SmashE. Regice is found in the Island Cave on Route 105, and to encounter it, the player must wait two minutes in front of the signRSORAS or walk a counterclockwise lap around the walls of the caveE. Registeel is found in the Ancient Tomb on Route 120, and it is necessary to go to the middle of the room and use FlyRSORAS or FlashE to open its cave.
Regirock
Regice
Registeel
Regirock
Regice
Registeel
Pokémon Platinum
The three titans are only obtainable in Pokémon Platinum if the player has a fateful encounter Regigigas in their party and has entered the Hall of Fame. Regirock is obtainable in the Rock Peak Ruins on Route 228, Regice is obtainable in the Iceberg Ruins in Mt. Coronet and Registeel is obtainable in the Iron Ruins on Iron Island.
Regirock
Regice
Registeel
Pokémon Black 2 and White 2
All three Legendary titans are obtainable in the Underground Ruins. However, to access their rooms, special keys are required to enter. The Rock Peak Key for Regirock is obtained automatically after the player enters the Hall of Fame; after catching Regirock, the player will obtain either the Iron Key for RegisteelB2 or the Iceberg Key for RegiceW2. To catch all three titans in one game, the corresponding version-exclusive key must be transferred through the Unova Link, so that one game has all three keys.
Regirock
Regice
Registeel
Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon
Any of the three Legendary titans may be found in the Ultra Space Wilds by following a yellow Ultra Wormhole to the Cave World during the Ultra Warp Ride minigame.
In the anime
The Legendary titans debuted in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew, guarding the Tree of Beginning from intruders. They each followed Ash, Brock, May, Max, Kidd, Jessie, and James throughout the tunnel network beneath the Tree of Beginning. Once the intruders had all been consumed by the Tree, the Legendary titans retreated.
The Legendary titans made their main series debuts under the ownership of Brandon, each of which battled Ash's Pokémon throughout their journey to collect the Symbols. When Ash had finally defeated Regice, they were awarded the Brave Symbol.
The Legendary titans, along with Regigigas, also appeared in Pillars of Friendship!.
In the manga
The Legendary titans in Pokémon Adventures
The Legendary titans in Pocket Monsters Diamond and Pearl: Regigigas Major Capture Operation!!
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
The Legendary titans make two major appearances and a cameo appearance in Pokémon Adventures.
In the Ruby & Sapphire chapter, Steven (with the help of Sapphire) unsealed the three titans in order to stop the effects of the clash between Kyogre and Groudon from spreading beyond Sootopolis City. After the clash was stopped, the titans rampaged and later disappeared.
In the Emerald chapter, Brandon (with the help of Scott) relocated the titans and caught all three of them. They used them in their Battle Pyramid battle against Emerald, starting the battle with Regirock and ending it with Regice.
In the HeartGold & SoulSilver chapter, it was revealed that Palmer had loaned the three titans from Brandon in order to awaken Regigigas, who later joined Diamond's team.
In the Pokémon Diamond and Pearl Adventure manga
In A Novel Test!!, Candice was revealed to own all three members of the Legendary titans. They were later used to awaken Regigigas, which was caught by Hareta.
In the Pocket Monsters Diamond and Pearl: Regigigas Major Capture Operation!! manga
The Legendary titans appeared in Pocket Monsters Diamond and Pearl: Regigigas Major Capture Operation!!. Kaito, Yuki, and Kento each owned one member of the trio. They were used to awakening Regigigas.
Trivia
In other languages
Language Title French Titans[2] Italian Tre golem[3] Spanish Titanes legendarios[4]
References
Caffe Bar Forum in Zadar is the first in Croatia to introduce a solar table which charges mobile phones and other devices…
The solar tables have been developed for cafes, hotels and bars by Zagreb-based company Saniteh to provide guests with a safe and efficient way to charge all kinds of mobile devices. The first solar table in Croatia will stay permanently on the terrace of Caffe Bar Forum in Zadar.
The tables have been designed to supply usable solar power by means of photovoltaics and act as a stand-alone charging station for smartphones, tablets, laptops and other portable devices.
Sunlight charges the battery table in just four hours, and the table can then be used for charging 25 smart phones or other devices
(photo credit: Caffe Bar Forum)
Lupini beans are not very well known in the US, but they really should be. I predict they'll soon be one of the hot new “health foods” here; it's only a matter of time. Not only are they a deliciously addictive snack or appetizer, but are incredibly nutritious and high in protein.
Originally published December 8, 2012.
In this article, I'm going to show you how to cook and eat lupini beans, assuming that most of you reading this have never seen or maybe even heard of lupini beans*.
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
What Are Lupini Beans?
Lupini are a very unique type of bean which are popular in Italy, especially at Christmastime.
Lupini are also common in Spain where they are known as altramuces, and Portugal as tremoços. They do not have the taste or texture of any other bean I've ever had, and they have also eaten differently (see below). Lupini beans are extremely bitter before being prepared, and must be soaked overnight, cooked the next day, then rinsed several times a day for the next 5 or 6 days.
I've always wondered who the person was who discovered that if you just keep rinsing these beans that they would actually taste delicious, let alone edible! I can tell you, it's no one that would get any sort of patent as lupini were eaten by ancient Egyptians! Please don't let the process dissuade you as the end result is well worth it!
Interesting Fact: Have you ever seen lupin flowers? They are related to lupini beans.
You can just eat lupini beans as a healthy snack, antipasto or also after a meal, as they do in Italy.
With an Italian style preparation, olives are mixed with the lupini at the end of the process, which lend their salty flavor to the beans. It's a fabulous combination. You can find lupini beans at most Italian markets/delis and middle eastern shops. If you want a large bag of them, on (I would absolutely buy the 3 lb bag on Amazon and make them three different times).
I repeat: don't let the process of making these intimidate you because there's really nothing to it. The only caveat is remembering to start about six days before you want to eat them.
If you can boil beans and rinse them, you can prepare lupini.
Of course, these are great to eat as a snack because they're so healthy and nutritious. Don't just limit them to the Christmas season, you can eat them year-round. I will warn you though, once you start eating lupini, it's very difficult to stop; they are very addictive.
*WARNING: Peanut allergy sufferers, please make sure you are not also allergic to lupini beans read here.
How to Cook Lupini Beans Ingredients one bag of dry lupini beans, look for beans without blemishes (I used one 14 oz bag)
salt
olives, green (like these, with pits are traditionally used in Italy) or black, with the liquid Rinse and sort (take out any bad looking beans) the lupini, then soak them overnight, a minimum of 12 hours. Make sure to put a few inches of water above the beans so they don't dry out when you're trying to rehydrate them. Cook the beans Rinse the beans, then put them into a large pot with fresh water, covering the beans with at least a couple inches of water above them. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 45-50 minutes, occasionally stirring with a wooden spoon. Remove from heat, drain, and place into a large bowl and fill to cover with water. Rinse the beans for about 5 days At this point, just keep rinsing the lupini for about 30 seconds at a time, 3 to 4 times a day, for about 5 days (fewer, if you change the water more often.) The bowl can be kept on the counter; it does not need to be refrigerated. I kept track of how many times I changed the water over 5 days, and the total count was 18. Yes, this is necessary or you will have bitter beans. Note: do not eat bitter beans, they must lose all their bitter flavor before ingesting them. At the end of the fifth day, taste a bean, or part of one, to check for bitterness. The bean will not taste good/sweet yet, but you are only checking for bitterness, nothing else. If the lupini beans are still bitter, continue to change the water until they are no longer bitter. Add salt and olives Next in the process is to add some salt (about one teaspoon of Kosher salt) to the lupini in the water (do not drain the beans after this). You can also add a can of green or black olives, liquid and all (not under oil). Stir well and taste after about three hours. If it needs more salt, add some. If you make the lupini too salty, just add a little more water. DO NOT CHANGE THE WATER AFTER THIS and refrigerate, once the salt has been added. Now the lupini are ready to eat! Use a mini sieve or slotted spoon to put some lupini and olives into a serving bowl, keeping the main bowl in the fridge. The lupini must be kept in water in the fridge, but are best served at room temperature.
How to Eat Lupini Beans
There are three steps. Once you get the hang of it, you'll be able to put away a dozen in under 15 seconds (don't ask me how I know this). 🤔
Take a lupini bean in your fingers and bite part way through the top part of the bean (where the little white part is) to break open the skin, but don't bite the bean inside. Now, just squeeze gently while holding the bean in front of your mouth, and POP the bean in! I told you lupini were cooked and eaten differently than any other bean. 😁 Discard the skin.
Can You Eat the Skin of a Lupini Bean?
Yes, the skin is edible. I can tell you that my brother and son just pop the whole bean into their mouths. However, I don't like the texture of the skins, so I don't eat them.
Once you get started, you won't be able to stop, but remember, they are beans, so you probably don't want to eat too many in one sitting. Now you know how to cook and eat lupini beans. Enjoy!
Interested in other traditional Italian dishes for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day? Just click the following photo or this link.
CLICK HERE to check out my Gift Guide and Product Recommendation List on Amazon!
Don't miss another post! Sign up for my free subscription for recipes and travel.
Yield: large bowl Lupini Beans and Olives, An Italian Christmas Tradition (How to Cook & Eat Lupini) Print A super nutritious, healthy and addictive traditional Italian snack. Lupini beans and olives are usually served at Christmastime in Italy. Cook Time 45 minutes Total Time 45 minutes Ingredients one bag of dry lupini beans, look for beans without blemishes (I used one 14 oz bag)
olives, green (like Castelvetrano, with pits are traditionally used in Italy) or black olives, with the liquid
salt Instructions Rinse and sort (take out any bad looking beans) the lupini, then soak them overnight, a minimum of 12 hours. Make sure to put a few inches of water above the beans so they don't dry out when you're trying to rehydrate them. Rinse the beans, then put them into a large pot with fresh water, covering the beans with at least a couple inches of water above them. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 45-50 minutes, occasionally stirring with a wooden spoon. Remove from heat, drain, and place into a large bowl and fill to cover with water. At this point, just keep rinsing the lupini for about 30 seconds at a time, 3 to 4 times a day, for about 5 days (fewer, if you change the water more often.) The bowl can be kept on the counter; it does not need to be refrigerated. I kept track of how many times I changed the water over 5 days, and the total count was 18. Yes, this is necessary or you will have bitter beans. At the end of the fifth day, taste a bean, or part of one, to check for bitterness. The bean will not taste good/sweet yet, but you are only checking for bitterness, nothing else. If the lupini beans are still bitter, continue to change the water until they are no longer bitter. Next in the process is to add some salt, probably about one teaspoon of Kosher salt to the lupini in the water (do not drain the beans after this.) You can also add a can of green (this is the Italian style) or black olives, liquid and all (not under oil). Stir well and taste after about three hours. If it needs more salt, add some. If you make the lupini too salty, just add a little more water. DO NOT CHANGE THE WATER ANYMORE and refrigerate, once the salt has been added. Now the lupini are ready to eat! Use a mini sieve or slotted spoon to put some lupini and olives into a serving bowl. Notes Nutrition info is just for the lupini. Nutrition Information: Yield: 48 Serving Size: 1/4 cup
Amount Per Serving: Calories: 30 Total Fat: 0g Cholesterol: 0mg Sodium: 0mg Carbohydrates: 3g Fiber: 0g Sugar: 0g Protein: 3g
Christina's Cucina is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Q I want to participate in the Christmas-treat-eating tradition, but I also want to maintain my diet goals. Have any ideas?
The sheer amount of yummy treats and our desire to eat them exponentially rises during the holiday season! Somehow, it's harder to say "no" under the soft glimmer of Christmas lights and the sound of chestnuts roasting on the open fire.
It's also difficult to say "no" to grandma and them pleading. "Are you not having a slice of pie? Have one slice, come on; have a slice or two … it's Christmas! I made this pie … It took me ages … I poured my heart into making this pie."
And then there's Aunt Sue who chases everyone around the room with their oh-so-famous-Christmas cookies asking, "Have you had one of the cookies? Have one. You must have one. Here, have this one. Try it. Tell me what you think. Here you go."
How does one resist those sweet faces and their plates of treats? You have three options. One, hold to your diet and repeatedly turn down every single dessert on the table. Option two is to give your diet the silent treatment and properly indulge?it's only once each year, to hell with it! Option three, the best option, is to have your cake and eat it too! How? By making healthy versions of holiday classics, and eating them!
The benefits of giving your holiday favorites a healthy makeover are twofold. First, you can enjoy holiday foods without spiking your blood glucose to harmful levels or deviating from your healthy diet. Second, you get to show your friends and family how easy it is to make foods that look and taste indulgent, but are actually packed-full of nutrition!
Here are two of my favorite holiday recipes.
1 Pumpkin Protein Pie
Ingredients for Crust coconut flour 3/8 cup rolled oats 1 cup egg whites 1/2 cup vanilla pea protein powder 1/2 cup milk 3/4 cup organic grass fed butter 1 tbsp vanilla 1 tbsp toffee sweetener or your choice 1/2 tbsp
Ingredients for Filling egg whites 1/2 cup pumpkin puree 1 can vanilla protein powder 1/4 cup toffee sweetener or your choice 1 tbsp mixed spice 1/2 tbsp cinnamon 1/2 tbsp ground
Directions Directions for crust Mix all ingredients until dough is formed. Using your fingers, press dough into a medium-sized pie tin. Bake dough for 25 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 C) or until nicely browned. Remove from oven. Directions For Filling Blend all ingredients. Pour mixture into already-cooked pie crust. Bake for 15-20 minutes at 340 degrees F (170 C) or until a knife comes out clean. Remove from oven and let cool. Dig in!
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size Per slice, recipe makes 8 slices
Amount per serving Calories 147.2 Total Fat 4.9g Total Carbs 10g Protein 12.3g
Notes
If you want a taller pie, you can double the amount of filling and crust. You can also try making this recipe in little pie tins, or making pies inside silicone muffin tins. Also, try making the recipe without crust.
2 Hazelnut Gingerbread Protein Strongman Cookie
Ingredients hazelnuts 1/2 cup dates 1/2 cup vanilla rice protein powder 1/4 cup whole eggs 2 mixed spice 1/2 tbsp cinnamon 1 tsp
Directions Using a mixer, food processor, or handheld blender, mix all ingredients together and shape the dough into several small cookies or into two big gingerbread strongman cookies! Once shaped, bake at 355 degrees F or (180 C) for 15 minutes or until nicely browned.
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size Per cookie, if you make 12
Amount per serving Calories 73.3 Total Fat 4.1g Total Carbs 5.8g Protein 3.9g
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size Per strongman, if you make 2
Amount per serving Calories 440 Total Fat 24.8g Total Carbs 35g Protein 23.8g
Notes
Try making different shapes. Make Christmas trees, Santas, or even dumbbells. Have some fun! These cookies are gluten and dairy free!
Virtua Fighter is one of the most respected fighting game franchises; even in the West, where its popularity doesn't match that of other games, the series is still highly respected for its technical depth. Despite this, we haven't really seen anything new regarding the Virtua Fighter franchise for a long time–outside of character guest-appearances in other games.
That said, it seems that Sega may still have some plans for franchise in the future. According to Trademarkia, the company has recently renewed the trademark for Virtua Fighter.
Now, take note that this doesn't necessarily mean that a new Virtua Fighter game is coming–companies renew their trademarks all the time, if just to protect them. But it does show that Sega retains enough interest in the franchise to hold on to their trademark for it.
Source: Trademarkia via VFDC
In an attempt to identify the roots of the sympathies in the UK for the far-right movement, Hsiao-Hung Pai has gone out and spoken to many “angry white people”. They have visited some of the British towns most badly ravaged economically in recent decades, several of whose populations have changed rapidly as a result of immigration. In the course of their journey, most strikingly in Luton – where the English Defence League (EDL) was founded in 2009 – Hsiao-Hung finds not only anger among residents at their present predicament, but also resentment and fear.
This book is a timely one, coming as it does after a few months when Europe has shown itself increasingly intolerant of immigrants. People fleeing the conflict in Syria have been turned away from a cluster of Balkan countries. Meanwhile, in Germany, which has admitted over a million refugees in the past year alone, the movement known as PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West) continues to grow in prominence.
It is reductive to dismiss every concern about immigration as racist. Many of the worries voiced in Angry White People come from self-employed British workers who find their rates undercut by foreign professionals who can afford to charge far less for their labour. Yet it is also notable that the EDL, the main focus of Hsiao-Hung's investigation, does have a significant racist element. And as the British National Party is in sharp decline, with only a few hundred members left, the emergence of the EDL is of particular interest.
Tommy Robinson (born Stephen Yaxley-Lennon) left the EDL in 2013, citing their disappointment that the group they had founded was falling prey to far-right extremism. Given their previous pronouncements, however, this was as disingenuous as setting fire to one's own curtains and then complaining that the lounge is burning. Robinson tells Hsiao-Hung that the grooming of children for sexual abuse is “specifically Muslim . . . It is a Muslim problem,” glossing over child abuse in the Catholic Church. It is Robinson's selectiveness that makes their prejudice so dangerous. It is entirely legitimate to be concerned about the violence wreaked by religious supremacists such as those who murdered the British soldier Lee Rigby in a London street. The problem comes when this murderous ideology is ascribed to a whole group of people.
Robinson has more recently joined forces with PEGIDA, a movement with a far larger platform than the EDL. It seems that Robinson, rather than retracting their earlier positions, was merely seeking a bigger stage to promote them.
Hsiao-Hung skilfully draws out the sense of abandonment by mainstream politicians that has led some people to support the EDL and others to favour the UK Independence Party. Although Ukip's leader, Nigel Farage, has often made pronouncements that can reasonably be construed as discriminatory, their party still won almost four million votes in the 2015 general election. One reason for this is expressed by Martin, a forklift driver who, since being laid off by Ford in August 2013, has barely been able to find work. “I've always been Labour, I'm a working-class man,” they tell Hsiao-Hung.
“But since Tony Blair's New Labour, I became fed up with them . . . It's not a working-class party any more. The Tories are for the rich, and the Liberals would sleep with anyone, we've got no one. Ukip's offering a solution at the moment. I'm not saying they could run the country. But they're saying what needs to be said.”
Hsiao-Hung's work could form a useful basis for policy formation. A big issue is the lack of a satisfactory minimum wage in the UK, which allows unscrupulous employers to exploit cheap labour. (Farage, incidentally, has been opposed to this practice.) The author also highlights the scant investment in facilities for young people. On a visit to Luton, they note that “the lack of venues for social education is the one thing that every parent seems to talk about here”.
Some might argue that these observations are not particularly new, and that it is this long-felt disaffection with the political elite that is building much of the momentum behind candidates such as Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump in the United States. Yet the facts are no less powerful for being restated, and Hsiao-Hung does that very well here. If the book has any shortcomings, it is in paying insufficient attention to the role of Anjem Choudary, so often Robinson's sparring partner in the media. Hsiao-Hung interviews Choudary, whose work with the Islamist group al-Muhajiroun has been described by the anti-racist Hope Not Hate as “a gateway to terrorism”. It would have been helpful if they had taken them more firmly to task on this score, but they seem largely to accept their line that their efforts exist solely in response to the ills of British foreign policy. Choudary's trial on charges of promoting Islamic State suggests that there is far more to their views than that.
The most crucial perspective in the book is arguably that of Darren, who was key to the formation of the EDL but was then horrified to be called a racist when they protested with the league in Birmingham. Darren, who marched against the National Front several years ago, has latterly become far more critical of EDL activities. (Although the league has seemingly been marginalised since Tommy Robinson's departure, its underlying philosophy remains prominent; one of the men whom Hsiao-Hung interviews – a Ukip voter – observes: “Ukip's just EDL with briefcases.”) If the advance of the far right is to be reversed, it is Darren's viewpoint, by turns downcast and optimistic, that must be considered most carefully by politicians, journalists and society at large. “They [white, working-class people] are not overnight racists . . . They're good, hard-working people,” Darren says. “These splinter groups are capitalising on the one in ten. Working-class communities got it really hard, you know. Most people are still trying to hold on to what is right.”
The Canadian government says a law firm that represented thousands of residential school survivors should have to pay back legal fees because it inflated its billings.
But the government's argument that accuses the Merchant Law Group of fraud, deceit and misrepresentation won't go any further unless Saskatchewan's highest court agrees to reinstate the case.
Lawyers for Canada's attorney general told the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal on Tuesday that the government would not have entered into an agreement a decade ago to pay the firm $25 million if it had known there were concerns about how much time the company spent working on residential school claims.
“What we're saying is we wouldn't have agreed to that amount if we had known the truth, so we want some damages for that,” lawyer Kelly Keenan told the three Appeal Court judges.
READ MORE: Merchant Law Group in legal battle of its own
The Appeal Court reserved its decision, which will not affect payments for survivors.
The case goes back about a decade, when courts in each province approved the Indian Residential Schools Settlement Agreement.
In the Saskatchewan settlement approval hearing, Canada argued that the agreement did not require that it pay Merchant Law Group a minimum of $25 million. But Justice Dennis Ball disagreed and found the amount reasonable, noting that substantial time had been spent on the case and the complexity of the litigation.
Canada's appeal was dismissed by the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal in March 2007.
Canada went back to court in December 2007, arguing it shouldn't have to pay Merchant until a verification process to review the firm's billing records was complete.
Justice Neil Gabrielson, who was overseeing implementation of the settlement agreement in Saskatchewan, ruled in 2008 that the verification process was not complete but that Canada must pay.
The federal government filed a new lawsuit against Merchant Law Group in January 2015 to try to get the money back.
Justice Brian Barrington-Foote tossed out the claim, saying Canada did not have the information it now claims to have about Merchant's billing records, but that it was well aware of the possibility there had been misrepresentations and agreed to pay $25 million regardless.
Keenan said no one knew there was fraud in 2006 or 2008.
“Canada's claim is about what arrangement it would have entered into, not whether the arrangement it entered into was fair and reasonable,” they said.
The review process was done after the agreement was signed,
Keenan said, and it found Merchant's billing records were “replete with the illegitimate time entries and excessive disbursement records.”
Merchant's lawyer, Gordon Kuski, said the government knew there were concerns about billing and went into negotiations with its eyes wide open.
“Each of the courts were fully informed and hip about the concerns but, pursuant to the contract, found out that the $25 million was fair and responsible,” Kuski told the Appeal Court on Tuesday.
They also said dragging the case into court again is an abuse of process.<
"The torturous journey that MLG has been on since 2006, relative to this matter, and here 10 years later -they're being vexed by the same issue."
Kuski said the government can't have its money back.
"The court ordered that we were entitled to it," they said.
"I mean there has to be some end to litigation."
Press Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 8, 2015
Contact: Ron Olson, 517-243-1477; Linda Walter, 313-396-6876, or Ed Golder, 517-284-5815
DNR's Outdoor Adventure Center set for July 20 public opening
Special programming and hours mark launch of Detroit site that aims to
bring "Up North, Downtown"
After nearly three years of planning, renovation, exhibit construction and final touches, the Michigan Department of Natural Resources Outdoor Adventure Center in downtown Detroit is ready to open its doors Monday, July 20. The Outdoor Adventure Center – located across from William G. Milliken State Park and Harbor at the intersection of Atwater Street and the Dequindre Cut Trail – brings “Up North, Downtown” through hands-on, interactive exhibits and experiences about Michigan's out-of-doors in the three-story, 41,000-square-foot indoor facility.
The Outdoor Adventure Center invites guests to enjoy an up-close indoor exploration of Michigan's great outdoors. The center features a 40-foot-tall, manmade, interactive tree; off-road vehicle, bicycle, kayak, canoe and fishing-boat simulators; a life-size beaver lodge and eagle's nest; an indoor archery range; a 3,000-gallon, freshwater aquarium; a human-made waterfall with a 36-foot drop; and plenty more to see and experience.
“The Outdoor Adventure Center offers another Pure Michigan, natural resources experience along the Detroit riverfront,” said DNR Director Keith Creagh. “With natural resources playing such a vital role in quality of life, families are encouraged to explore the center and then head outside to experience our state's natural resources, including its many outdoor recreational opportunities along the riverfront right in downtown Detroit.”
Milliken State Park and Harbor and Belle Isle Park are nearby the Outdoor Adventure Center, offering many “next steps” – including kayaking, canoeing, fishing, biking, hiking, archery and more – for both beginning and experienced outdoor enthusiasts.
Linda Walter, director of the Outdoor Adventure Center, said that the goal of the center is to inspire, educate and connect people with Michigan's rich array of natural resources.
“By encouraging up-close, hands-on experiences, we strive to equip people to set out on their own adventures to explore our state's many outdoor recreational opportunities, including hiking, camping, fishing, hunting and trapping,” Walter said.
While visiting the Outdoor Adventure Center, Walter said that children actually can climb around and through the giant tree, explore a cave, walk behind a waterfall or sit in an airplane similar to those used by the DNR for fire-spotting over dense forests.
“The Outdoor Adventure Center will serve as a gateway to Michigan's out-of-doors,” said Ron Olson, chief of the DNR Parks and Recreation Division. "It will provide many unique opportunities to learn about the state's natural resources, the DNR's role in managing these resources and the many venues for outdoor recreation.”
Opening week, the facility will operate from noon to 4 p.m., Monday, July 20, through Friday, July 24. Regular hours begin Saturday, July 25, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sunday, July 26, from noon to 5 p.m.
During its first days of operation, the OAC will offer special activities for the public, which include:
Monday, July 20 , celebrate history with special appearances by Miz Rosie the Storyteller, who tells the story of the Underground Railroad as Harriet Tubman, and participate in physical fitness activities and games outside the facility, courtesy of the United States Army.
Tuesday, July 21 , get up close to live Michigan birds, amphibians and reptiles with the teams from Nature Discovery and Wildlife Recovery Association.
Wednesday, July 22 , experience art during the unveiling of an original art piece by Louise Phillips of Washington, D.C., courtesy of the United States Forest Service, and through hands-on, nature-themed art experiences available throughout the day.
Thursday, July 23 , view a showing of “An American Ascent,” which documents the first African-American expedition to Denali, North America's highest peak.
Friday, July 24, get up close to bats while talking to instructors from the Organization for Bat Conservation at the Cranbrook Institute of Science.
After opening week, regular business hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays; 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturdays, and noon to 5 p.m. Sundays. The facility is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, with the exception of opening week. Look for special days each month, beginning in August, when “Wild about Wednesday” programs will offer extended hours, special programs and/or complimentary admission.
Admission is $5 for adults, $3 for seniors (age 62 and older), $3 for children ages 2-12 and free for children under 2. Annual family memberships also are available for $50.
School groups are encouraged to visit, and should call for reservations. The facility also is available as rental space for weddings, birthday parties, meetings, company events and other special occasions. For more information or to make reservations, call 1-844-OAC-MDNR (1-844-622-6367).
A unique blend of public/private sponsorships helped make the center and its exhibits a reality. Interested corporate sponsors that would like to fund long-term exhibit maintenance and updates are asked to contact Miguel Rodriguez at 517-284-6127 to learn about sponsorship opportunities.
A Recreation Passport is not needed to access Outdoor Adventure Center parking or to enter the building. However, the Recreation Passport, required for access to Michigan's 102 state parks (including Belle Isle Park), can be purchased at the Outdoor Adventure Center during regular business hours.
For more information on the Outdoor Adventure Center, including location, normal hours of operation, interactive exhibits and school group visits, go to www.michigan.gov/oac.
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources is committed to the conservation, protection, management, use and enjoyment of the state's natural and cultural resources for current and future generations. For more information, go to www.michigan.gov/dnr.
After the Michelin GT3 Le Mans Cup featured a bolstered grid of one-off GT3 entries and LMP3s for the marquee Road To Le Mans race last month, the entry list for the third round of its inaugural season at the Red Bull Ring features 12 cars.
Included in the entry list are 11 of the 12 cars that started the season at Imola, including the #71 AF Corse Ferrari which was present but didn't take part in the opener. The only change to those 11 is a driver change in the #55 FFF Racing Team Lamborghini (which didn't race at Imola due to accident damage) which sees Moto GP veteran Marco Melandri step in for car owner Fu Songyang.
The one difference in terms of cars is that the BMS Scuderia Italia Ferrari, which was confirmed to DSC as a partial season entry back at Round 1, is off the list, with the SMP Ferrari 488 of Aleksey Basov and Victor Shaitar opting to compete in another round after taking the win in the Road To Le Mans race.
Barwell Motorsport has expressed interest in the Le Mans Cup, after its MP Motorsport entry pulled out of the Blancpain Endurance Cup over concerns with the Pro-Am formula. The team will not field a car at Red Bull Ring, but has confirmed to DSC that Mark Poole and Richard Abra are due to take part in the final three rounds of the season at Spa, Paul Ricard and Estoril.
Going into the race in Austria expect the competition to be fierce between the championship-leading TF Sport Aston Martin of Salih Yoluc and Euan Hankey which has 66 points, and the second place FFF Racing McLaren of Hiroshi Hamaguchi and Adrian Quaife-Hobbs just one point back.
PROVISIONAL ENTRY LIST >>
Last week, Philip Morris' funded NC-State researchers announced that they had genetically modified tobacco plants to reduce the levels of some carcinogens in their cured leaves. That got Wired.com investigating the future of tobacco and the cigarette. Now, the FDA's former director of the Office of Tobacco Programs, Mitch Zeller, offered their vision on the best way to reengineer the cigarette.
"I'm convinced that there's very little we can do on the toxicant side," Zeller said. "But imagine a world, however many decades from now, in which the cigarette remains as deadly and toxic as it is today, but it's not addictive because there's no nicotine in it."
From a public health perspective, Zeller thinks that the lack of the main addictive agent in cigarettes would do more for reducing the overall population susceptibility to the dangers of smoking than any amount of biotech tinkering could do in reducing the carcinogens in tobacco.
Zeller, who has been tracking genetic modifications of tobacco since the early 90s, said that even though the tobacco industry has had success on the scientific side of manipulating chemical levels in tobacco leaves, the dangers of smoking could never be eliminated.
"They've already demonstrated they can... reduce the toxicant level in the leaf and reduce the toxicant level a little bit in the finished product," they said. "But the reality is that when you finish with all these modifications, you're going to stuff the leaves into a cigarette and burn it."
And at the end of the day, Zeller pointed out the obvious: inhaling smoke is still inhaling smoke:
There are at least 69 known carcinogens in tobacco smoke.
Let's say they could bring about reductions in 15 or 20 of them, and that's being very charitable. We don't know how big the reductions are and nobody in the tobacco industry can tell you what that actually means in terms of reducing risk. It doesn't mean anything in public health in terms of reducing harm at the population level.
Check out our post on the history of genetically engineering tobacco to find out how tobacco companies are already modifying tobacco for fun and profit.
See our other posts in this beatblogged investigation of genetically modified tobacco and the future of the cigarette:
Cigarette Maker Has Conducted 33 GM Tobacco Tests Since '05
Philip Morris Tries to Engineer the Cancer Out of Tobacco
Image: Cigarettes in cans, like these from Taiwan, are probably not a major feature of the future of tobacco.
Credit: flickr/Gwire
Firebug 1.10 has been released and so, let's see what new features are introduced in this version.
First of all, check out the compatibility table:
Firefox 5.0 – 13.0 with Firebug 1.9
with Firefox 13.0 – 16.0 with Firebug 1.10
Firebug 1.10 is true community achievement and so, let me also introduce all developers who contributed to Firebug 1.10
Jan Odvarko
Sebastian Zartner
Simon Lindholm
Harutyun Amirjanyan
Steven Roussey
Joe Walker
Stampolidis Anastasios
Heather Arthur Farshid Beheshti
Leon Sorokin
Florent Fayolle
Vladimir Zhuravlev
Hector Zhao
Bharath Thiruveedula
Nathan Mische
New Features
Bootstrapped Installation
Delayed Load
Cookie Management
Command Editor Syntax Highlighting
Autocompletion
Trace Styles
New Command: help
Link to Web-font Declaration
Support For Media Queries
Displayed Entities Format
Displayed Color Format
Tooltips for Menu Items
Support for “focus” CSS pseudo class
HTTP Requests From BFCache
Delete CSS Rule
Bootstrapped Installation
Firebug installation doesn't require browser restart. Install, press F12 and Firebug is immediately ready at your fingertips.
If you are updating the previous 1.9 version that require restart you need to restart the browser.
Delayed Load
Firebug doesn't slow down Firefox start-up time anymore! It's loaded as soon as the user actually needs it for the first time. Only the Firebug start-button and menu is loaded at the start up time.
Cookie Management
Firebug allows viewing and manage cookies in your browser. You can deny cookies for specific sites, filter cookies, create new and delete existing cookies. You can also break into the debugger when specific cookie changes its value and see the line of script that caused the change. And much more! Check out full list of cookie related features.
Command Editor Syntax Highlighting
Command editor (aka multiline command line) supports syntax highlighting.
Autocompletion
Autocompletion in Firebug has never been better. This feature helps you when editing CSS properties, variables in the Watch panel, break-point conditions, any numbers, colors, font-families, etc. Just try to edit your page through Firebug UI and you'll see for yourself.
Check out the screenshot. When typing into the Watch panel, the autocompletion offers variables in the current scope.
Trace Styles
This feature allows tracing all places which affected specific CSS property. The feature is part of the Computed side panel where every CSS property is expandable. The Computed side panel also supports tooltips for colors, images and fonts.
See, there are three places trying to set the font-size of the selected element (the one in black succeeded). Of course, the blue text/location on the right is click-able and navigates the user the right place. See also detailed explanation.
New Command: help
If you are interested what built-in commands are actually available in the Command Line (within the Console panel) just type: help . You'll see a list of commands with a description.
The green command name is a link navigating the user to Firebug wiki with more info (and how-to-examples) about clicked command.
Link to Web-font Declaration
This feature allows to quickly inspect custom font-family declarations. All you need to do is to right-click on your font-family value, pick Inspect Declaration and you'll be automatically navigated to the CSS panel that shows the place where the font-family is declared. Check out the screenshot below.
Support For Media Queries
Media queries of @import CSS rules are displayed inside the CSS panel and it's possible to edit them. Of course, auto-completion works in this case too (e.g. when I did the screenshot, I clicked on 400px value and pressed up-arrow, that's why there is 401px).
Displayed Entities Format
There are new options in the HTML panel that allow changing displayed format of HTML entities.
And by the way, MathML entities are also supported.
Displayed Color Format
There are also new options allowing to change displayed format of CSS colors. Firebug offers three options: Hex, RGB and HSL. These options are available in CSS, Style and Computed panels.
Tooltips for Menu Items
This is one of many little and neat improvements. Every menu item has also a tooltip that explains the associated action. It's especially useful for options.
Support for “focus” CSS pseudo class
Apart from hover and active CSS pseudo classes, Firebug is also supporting: focus.
This feature helps in situations where you want to inspect CSS rules that applies only if the inspected element has focus. Here is what you need to do.
Use Firebug Inspector to select your element Open the option menu for the Style side panel (click the black triangle next to the panel label) Check :focus option Now Firebug simulates the focus state and so, every CSS rule using :focus pseudo class in the selector will be displayed
HTTP Requests From BFCache
Firebug Net panel is able to display also HTTP requests coming from so called BFCache (Back-Forward Cache). This cache makes backward and forward navigation between visited pages very fast. Note that this has nothing to do with the browser cache.
Check out the screenshot, we changed the background for requests coming from the BFCache and so they can be easily differentiated from other requests. Only the last request on the screenshot is coming from the server.
In order to see those requests you need to check Show BFCache Responses option.
Delete CSS Rule
Another neat feature that allows to delete whole CSS rule together with all its properties. Just right-click a CSS rule…
Check out our issue tracker for all 79 enhancements in Firebug 1.10.
Also, follow us on Twitter to be updated about upcoming Firebug news!
Jan ‘Honza' Odvarko
On Sunday a record percentage of French voters turned out to cast their ballots for the far-right National Front party.
The party was founded in 1972 by Jean-Marie Le Pen, who has been convicted of hate speech and anti-Semitism on numerous occasions.
While the current leader, their daughter Marine Le Pen, has worked hard to soften the image of their party, it is still seen by many as xenophobic, intolerant, and outright racist, given the anti-EU, anti-Immigration and specifically the anti-Islam sentiments expressed by both leaders and supporters.
So why are almost 30 percent of voters supporting them now, when five years ago the National Front party only picked up 11 percent of the vote in the regional elections?
The migrant crisis and terror threat concern voters
The longstanding problems of the stumbling economy and record-high unemployment have been major reasons why more and more voters have opted for the National Front in recent years.
Sunday's results come on the back of the the National Front picking up 25 percent of the vote in last year's European elections and a similar score in March's "departmental" or county elections.
But now the ongoing migrant crisis that peaked this summer and security in the light of the deadly Paris terrorist attacks carried out by Islamist extremists are now crucial issues that are occupying French voters minds, polls say.
And this is fertile ground for the National Front.
Marine Le Pen has proved more than any other party that they can capitalize on French people's concerns about radical Islam, migration, border controls and national security.
“People vote on what is most important to them at the time of the ballot,” Nonna Mayer, a political scientist and far-right specialist from Sciences Po tells The Local.
The heightened terror threat from extremist Islam and the fact that it has been linked to the migrant crisis in Europe is why Le Pen is picking up more votes than ever, Mayer says.
After the Paris attacks Le Pen's often inflammatory remarks about Islam and migrants can no longer be dismissed as fear-mongering.
“The terror attacks have allowed them to say ‘we told you that immigration was dangerous. We told you it's not just bad for unemployment but it also leads to terrorism and crime',” they add.
In the northern port town of Calais, which is home to the 4,500-strong refugee camp the Jungle, Marine Le Pen received almost 50 percent of the vote on Sunday.
Failure of right and left
What has really helped Le Pen is the perceived failure of the right and the left in France to tackle the very issues that concern voters – the flagging economy, unemployment and immigration.
“Voters have seen the failure of ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy and then the failure of current head of state François Hollande and more and more are led to think, ‘well let's give Marine Le Pen a go',” says French political analyst Bruno Cautres.
Science-Po's Mayer adds: "When there is disillusionment against what Marine Le Pen just calls “the system”, that's when they prevail."
Le Pen has shown that their party has benefited from the failure of the mainstream groups, with the National Front picking up voters from both the left and the right – and crucially in regions across the country.
Whereas leftist voters are most likely to switch because they feel let down by Hollande's shift to the right economically, those on the right turn to Le Pen because they trust them more on immigration.
While their stand-out successes were in the traditionally left north and the traditional right south east, the National Front also picked up 18 percent of the vote on Sunday in the Socialist heartland of Brittany.
Many also argue that the left and right's desperate attempts to keep the National Front from power is counter-productive and simply allows Le Pen to play the victim and gives voters another reason to turn away from the mainstream parties.
Ifop's Jérome Fourquet says the traditional right-left French political landscape has been completely destabilized.
National Front not the same party as it once was
The political party now led by Marine Le Pen in 2015 is different to the pariah party which was led by their father and founder Jean-Marie Le Pen.
Marine Le Pen has successfully led a campaign to soften the image of the National Front in recent years, which under their father had attracted skin heads and other neo-Nazis groups.
“She has completely rebuilt the party and brought in new people. There are more young people and there are also far more women, particularly among the working class, who are prepared to vote for the National Front,” says Nonna Mayer.
Surveys suggest the National Front has overtaken the Socialists to become the preferred party of French working classes.
Le Pen has also ruthlessly booted out those who have fallen foul of their standards, especially anti-Semites. Potential electoral candidates who were found to have murky backgrounds, Swastika tattoos or racist Facebook posts have all been kicked out of the party in recent years.
Le Pen even barred skinheads from taking part in National Front rallies.
Them efforts to de-demonize the National Front even saw them remove their own father from the ranks earlier this year after their repeated comments about the gas chambers.
Le Pen has fought hard against those who call the party racist or even extreme.
While many critics say the National Front still has the same old rotten core of racists, with the anti-Semitism rhetoric of old, simply replaced by anti-Islam feeling.
No however one can argue that Le Pen has not improved the party's image and made it far more appealing to disenchanted voters.
A little context:
A record score for the National Front in the first round of a regional election shouldn't, however, be taken as a sign that France is a country of far-right voters.
“We have to remember that a large majority of French people – around 70 percent – did not vote for the National Front,” Ifop pollster Jérôme Fourquet tells The Local.
Not only that but 22 million French people stayed home on Sunday and decided not to vote, with the turnout around 50 percent.
In the first round of the departmental elections in March, the National Front picked up 25 percent of the vote, but failed to win control of any “départements” in the second round.
"Le Pen hasn't won anything yet. Let's wait until Sunday," says Science Po's Nonna Mayer.
Translation by Joe Köller
///
I have a hard time playing DayZ. Not because of the zombies which populate the survival-sandbox, nor because of the other players, which are more ruthless to each other here than in other games. I'm simply wandering towards the edge of a forest, basking in the golden light of that familiar autumn sun, or looking back at the wooded world behind me from a hill I just climbed, and there it is: a faint dizziness, a dry feeling in my mouth, the sudden realization that my heart is in my throat. It's a feeling of sadness mixed with physical longing and the more abstract pain of parting. I'm homesick.
Most virtual landscapes are artificial creations, planned and designed to facilitate the passage of players. The islands of Far Cry, the nordic expanses of Skyrim, the barren steppes of Fallout; they are all synthetic worlds, cobbled together from bits and pieces, shaped with an eye for aesthetics and entertainment. This is why the majestic mesas of Skyrim blend elegantly into foothills blending elegantly into mountain ranges in the span of a couple hundred meters. As players we're used to pocket-sized worlds offering a maximum of variety in a conveniently small space.
DayZ is different. It's no coincidence that Chernaurus feels this organic, that its landscapes show no sign of having been created in a test tube. They aren't. DayZ is based on a real region, a strip of land of 15 by 15 kilometers, which Bohemia Interactive have recreated in painstaking detail, down to individual buildings, trees and paths. DayZ's coastline is based on the path the Elbe takes through this area in the north of the Czech Republic, which resembles the world behind the screen so perfectly that locals have no trouble getting their bearings in the game, and enthusiastic players have taken to indulging in a questionable kind of survival tourism there. The real name of zombie-ridden Elektrozavodsk is Povrly, Chernogorsk is Ústi nad Labem-Nešt?mice, and they're about an hour's drive from the German city of Dresden.
The biggest difference between DayZ and its real world equivalent is, obviously, the lack of an apocalypse. Its rural roads are frequented by trucks instead of bandits, its fields dotted with tractors and grazing cattle, not the undead. The bustling towns and villages in the region are the opposite of the empty shells in DayZ, where only scattered remnants hint at the everyday life that was lost when the dead attacked the living. And yet, I recognize these abandoned settlements, and they put a lump to my throat.
I grew up next to the Iron Curtain, 20 kilometers south of the country that was then called Czechoslovakia. Far away from Povrly, but in a region that looked deceptively like it. The Bohemian Massif, the Bohemian Forest – terms from geography class which make quite clear that borders, even seemingly immutable ones like the Iron Curtain, are figments of human imagination with no relevance for landscapes, autumn light, forests and rolling hills. The scenery of my childhood looked so much like the northern regions of DayZ that I can almost smell its forests when I play the game, can almost feel the cool shade of the trees and catch myself thinking I recognize this boulder or that from childhood adventures.
What I definitely recognize, however, are the broken windows, empty homes and deserted villages. I grew up 20 kilometers south of a dead zone, with my back to a border where the world ended, and behind that line: overgrown fields, empty houses, barbed wire and watchtowers. DayZ, with its depopulated, grieving cities, in a landscape I will always see as that of my childhood, fills me with the immediate, personal pain of compassion.
My grandmother was sixteen when they were forcefully driven from home and relocated forty kilometers south, to the town in Northern Austria I was eventually born in. She, their siblings and parents, members of Bohemia's and Moravia's ethnic minority of Sudeten Germans, were all convinced that this could only be a temporary misunderstanding at the end of this era of insanity – an insanity some of those chased from their land had taken part in. Them home, their big, thriving farm, where their family had lived for centuries, suddenly disappeared behind an insurmountable border. As some of the war's more inconsequential, and not entirely innocent victims, they and their family remained where they had been pushed during the forceful cleanup that followed the terror of World War II. Their kitchens, stables and churches were no more than a stone's throw away and yet hopelessly out of reach. Compared to others, they were lucky. Compared to the deaths of millions, the loss of their homes was trivial. Still, they waited their entire life at the locked door to their old home, paralyzed, in the shadow of the border that grew higher and higher to become the Iron Curtain.
The apocalypse had indeed claimed this space, without any need for nuclear war or zombies
The border was daunting and dangerous. Even though both sides of the invisible line looked the same – the way DayZ looks – the barbed wire still marked the edge of an unimaginably huge border strip, twelve kilometers wide and filled with the eerie silence that follows any disaster. The small roads that timidly followed the border's path for a while offered a view into the depopulated dead zone, in which more people were killed than along the much longer line that had been cut through the middle of Germany. This border, separating the Czechoslovakian Socialist Republic from Austria and Germany, was, as we'd learn much later through the reports of historians, the Cold War's deadliest border. More than 700 lives ended on this hollow plot of land, among the rolling hills and light forests that look so tremendously like the ones in DayZ.
Overgrown paths, rusty signposts, piles of rubble from vacated, leveled villages near the border and, a little further away, the cold ruins of abandoned villages and farms, shrubs growing from their windows. The apocalypse had indeed claimed this space, without any need for nuclear war or zombies. Here, 20 kilometers from my room, was the cadaver of one of the smaller catastrophes of that blood-soaked century, rotting under the autumn sun.
I remember the day my grandmother, although quite settled in at this point, wanted to see their lost childhood home one last time. The border was still a frontline in the standoff of the Cold War, and so we waited for a long time in our cold car, under the watchful eye of border guards, guns at the ready. It was, of course, another autumn day, when we rode through the dead land, between barbed wire fences that cut a path through the ruins, tank barriers, minefields and watchtowers. Behind that surreal road was my grandmother's old farm, quiet as if asleep, and the old woman cried when they saw the rooftops, fruit trees and farm roads of their youth. Strangers, similarly relocated, looked back at us from the windows of their former home.
There was no anger in her, only sadness, and I hugged them not knowing what was wrong. I don't know if, at age ten, helpless and unable to comprehend, I managed to comfort them We rode back home, back from our deafening time travel, past hills, woods, meadows, past deserted villages, homes with empty beds, open cabinets, blind windows and ragged front yards, past where aged apple trees disappeared between sizeable weeds.
DayZ breaks my heart. In its fields, hills and forests I see the landscape of my youth, its perfect likeness to the abandoned towns and empty roads I remember makes me shiver. It brings back a pain that shaped my family and many other families, and that is now slowly dying. When my great aunt was buried a few months ago, two years after my grandmother, their brother, the last of the siblings, stood next to me in the funeral hall and sang, with their trembling, high-pitched old man's voice, about home, displacement and longing. Possibly for the last time.
The borders of the Cold War past have long since given way to the mundane horrors of dental clinics, gas stations, cross-border shops and brothels. The dead zone disappeared from the real world. In the game, it continues to exist, the unintentional, unsettling twin of a darker past. I enter DayZ, this brutal, laconic sandbox of human cruelty, and there it is: a faint dizziness, a dry feeling in my mouth, the sudden realization that my heart is in my throat. It's a feeling of sadness mixed with physical longing and the more abstract pain of parting. I'm homesick.
It's easy to forget that there's not just one apocalypse, but millions of them, and they all leave behind broken lives, broken minds and people just holding on after their world has ended. Uprooted, driven away, dying in waiting rooms. They, too, are revenants, dead yet restless. As in DayZ, their ghosts shamble around the sites of their lost homes and fortunes, scratching at the door to their former lives.
Meanwhile, the evening sun bathes the woods and rolling hills in soft, golden light, as always.
///
Header image by K putt
Other images by Midhras
May 05, 2014 16:56 IST
'Over time, as I kept ringing Mr Vajpayee's home, Mrs Kaul would pick up the phone sometimes and chat pleasantly with a great deal of warmth.'
Rajkumari Kaul's death over the weekend brings back memories of phone conversations at a time when landline numbers were still in vogue, and Atal Bihari Vajpayee was still to become prime minister, remembers Girish Nikam.
Those were my early days in Delhi as a journalist. Having come after from stints in Mysore, Bangalore and Chennai, the capital was a challenge. Having been assigned the Bharatiya Janata Party beat, it was exciting, all right, to come face to face on a daily basis with all the stalwarts and the blossoming stalwarts of the party.
It included the tallest leaders like Atal Bihari Vajpayee, L K Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, Sundar Singh Bhandari, K R Malkani, to name a few. And, of course, the younger set who was being carefully groomed -- Sushma Swaraj, Venkaiah Naidu, Pramod Mahajan, Arun Jaitley.
Narendra Modi was still a relatively unknown element then, who mostly remained a backroom boy.
Working for a regional group of newspapers (Eenadu and Newstime), which had no editions in the capital, it was that much more challenging to establish contacts and build on them. Unlike the capital-based newspaper correspondents, whose stories were read in the morning by the leaders, had easier access and were taken more seriously.
Nevertheless, a challenge was a challenge and since one had decided to work in the capital, there was no choice but to go all out. One way was not to miss any occasion to meet the leaders, interact with them, ask questions (sensible ones) at press conferences, and be noticed.
That done, it was also important to be in touch with the leaders on the phone (those were landline days and dozens and dozens of numbers of leaders were on one's finger tips), to get quotes or crosscheck stories inevitably late in the evenings or even night.
During the process of familiarisation with the leaders, it so happened that for some strange reasons, as it often happens inexplicably in human relationships, a rare rapport was stuck with Vajpayee.
In 1995 they were still smarting under the shadow of the towering Advani who had a vice-like grip over the party, after their successful steering of the party from the debris of 1984 (when the BJP had won just two seats in the Lok Sabha), with their rath yatras.
Vajpayee, who was then a resident of 6, Raisina Road, would be available for journalists and visitors in the evening after their nap and tea, quite freely. Or many a time at their office in Parliament, which they had as the Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha. So frequent meetings, many of them unscheduled, had established a special rapport.
It was this rapport which would frequently encourage me to call up their residence at all hours in the evening and night, sometimes even after 11 pm. Once, in that late hour, Vajpayee picked up the phone themselves and confirmed some news I was checking on. Only to reprimand me in their usual witty manner the next day when we met, "Nikamsaab, aap toh sote nahin ho, lekin hamein toh sone do (Nikamsaab, you don't sleep, but allow us to sleep at least)," with a twinkle in their eye and mischief in their voice.
On one of those early days of covering the BJP I had called their home late in the evening, and a female voice answered. The voice was sophisticated and gentle.
When I asked for Mr Vajpayee, they gently asked me to hold on and they came on the line. This happened again a few days later. The same sophisticated female voice this time introduced themselves as "Mrs Kaul here". I let that pass, and as usual asked for Mr Vajpayee who came on the line in a while.
This happened a few more times, and the call would be taken by Mrs Kaul and I would not show any interest except to get Mr Vajpayee on the line.
One day, when I rang again, the lady picked up, and repeated "Mrs Kaul here" and as I was about to ask for Mr Vajpayee, they repeated, "Mrs Kaul here". To which I replied courteously but without any curiosity, "Yes, ma'am, I know." This was too much for her! "You don't know who I am?" they asked gently but curiously and I guess with some amusement also.
Being new to Delhi and to the BJP beat and not really up to date with the personal lives of politicians, or the gossip surrounding them, I honestly replied, "No ma'am," with a mixed sense of guilt and anxiety.
"I am Mrs Kaul, Rajkumari Kaul. Vajpayeeji and I have been friends for a long time, over 40 years. You didn't know?" they asked with a sense of amusement and wonder.
"Oh, I am sorry, ma'am, I didn't know," I mumbled. They laughed and then went on to say how Vajpayee had lived with them and their husband, Professor Kaul, all those years and about their husband who had taught at Delhi university and was now retired. I just kept mumbling through the conversation, and when it ended I apologised for my ignorance and wished them and put the phone down. I had forgotten to ask to talk to Vajpayee!!
Over time as I kept ringing Vajpayee's home, Mrs Kaul would pick up the phone sometimes and chat pleasantly with a great deal of warmth and even discuss the weather, their health and about their daughter (Namita) and granddaughter, Neha (Neharika). They would ask about my family and if I had had my lunch or tea.
Sometimes they would be worried about Neha missing school because of a scold or cough. The chat would always end up with "Girish, you should come and have tea with me some time," and I would mumble, "Sure ma'am, I will come."
As any beat reporter who is always chasing stories, I never managed to find the time to have that cup of tea with Mrs Kaul. And then Vajpayee became prime minister for 13 days in 1996, and the SPG took over. My contacts with Mrs Kaul ended with that, as they didn't have to pick up the phone anymore. And I moved on to other beats.
When I read that they were no more, memories came flooding of those numerous conversations with the gentle lady, who was just an affectionate voice for me and not a face I could associate with. And they will now remain just that.
And that cup of tea that I will never be able to have with them
Image: June 2003, then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's visit to China when their foster daughter Namita Kaul Bhattacharya, left, granddaughter Neharika and son-in-law Ranjan Bhattacharya, accompanied them to the Longmen Grottoes, a series of Buddhist sculptures cut into a mountainside. Photograph: NG Han Guan/AFP/Getty Images
Despite the general justification of the preamble, there are no marginal annotations explaining the details of Bill C-51, the government's proposed anti-terrorism law. This means that commonsense is required to rein in the anxieties of our imagination if we are to discern the reasons why changes to existing security legislation are warranted. We also need to be aware of why these changes are proposed now, whatever the weight one accords the attacks of last fall.
The five parts of the bill deal respectively with: (1) information sharing among government agencies; (2) preventing suspected persons from boarding commercial aircraft — a “no-fly” list — along with appeal procedures available to those barred from flying; (3) new thresholds and provisions for judicial oversight regarding the arrest of persons suspected of terrorism or of advocating terrorism, including electronic advocacy; (4) expanding the capabilities of CSIS with warrants from the Federal Court and new reporting requirements; and finally (5) strengthening the ability of the Minister of Immigration to keep information on admissibility of prospective immigrants and refugees secret.
All these provisions have been criticized, usually by lawyers, by political opponents of the government, or by lawyers who are political opponents of the government. Sometimes one wonders if critics have even read the text.
One distinguished law professor at the University of Toronto, for instance, claimed that C-51 would comprehend “anything ‘undermining' (whatever that means)” the security of Canada. In fact C-51 provides a nine-point definition of what “undermining the security of Canada” means.
Most critics combine two questionable arguments. The first ignores the current international political context. C-51 is simply denounced on the grounds of abstract principles detached from political reality. The chief anxiety is that CSIS, which is often mistakenly called a “spy agency” rather than a counter-spy (or security intelligence) outfit, is the thin edge of the wedge leading to a police state, not to say totalitarian domination.
To the commonsensical request for evidence of the nefarious purposes contemplated for a future CSIS, reference is usually made by critics to the secrecy that envelops many of the activities of this organization. This ignores what is almost self-evident: You can't run a security intelligence operation without secrecy.
Commonsensical reflection indicates we are not looking at Canada's 1984. Students objecting to tuition increases, artists expressing their various alienations, or columnists writing in support of the government of Ukraine are not in the crosshairs of CSIS. All such examples, however, have been suggested as possibilities by fevered commentators. In fact, C-51 explicitly says that it is not concerned with “lawful advocacy, protest, dissent, and artistic expression.”
So let us state the obvious: Bill C-51 is aimed at violent Islamic jihadi terrorists, and those are the persons against whom its provisions are to be enforced. The reasons are clear enough provided one makes reference to facts and events of the real world, today.
First, bear in mind the fact that about 1% of Muslims in North America are converts, but converts comprise a greatly disproportionate number of persons involved in terrorist plots — by some estimates, 15%. One reason seems to be that the limited understanding of their new religion is coupled with a strong desire to show what enthusiastic converts they are. They are thus uniquely vulnerable to conversion by religious snake-oil salespersons and terrorist-recruiters because they have no way of checking whether what the recruiter says is true. Think of the hapless John Nuttall and their equally addled partner, Amanda Korody, on trial for plotting to blow up the B.C. legislative buildings.
A second problem is the existence of the Islamic State and its proclamation that it is a new caliphate. This act has changed the geopolitical landscape of the Middle East. Unlike Mullah Omar or Osama bin Laden, the leader of the Islamic State, Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, has the appropriate family or tribal pedigree for a caliph, namely descent from the tribe of the Prophet, the Quarysh. This is why neither the Taliban nor Al-Qaeda ever claimed to do more than create emirates.
The creation of a caliphate is thus hugely significant as a recruitment tool both among the many disenfranchised Sunnis in Iraq and Syria and equally among lost souls in this country.
A third fact needed to put C-51 in context is that the Islamic State has projected an apocalyptic outcome to the current conflict. According to their narrative, they are true Muslims called to bring about the end times by carrying out God's will and slaughtering Jews, Crusaders and apostates, including some 200 million Shias. In short, they are a messianic state with which diplomacy and prudential compromise is not possible, which is, of course its appeal both here and abroad.
Unlike their critics, the authors of Bill C-51 are sensible enough to have recognized the danger.
National Post
Barry Cooper is a research fellow at the Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute.
A group of senators is demanding a “full accounting” for the removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight earlier this week, stating that the “images and emerging accounts of this incident are very disturbing.”
In letters to United CEO Oscar Munoz and Chicago Department of Aviation commissioner Ginger S. Evans, the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation stated, “The last thing a paying airline passenger should expect is a physical altercation with law enforcement personnel after boarding, especially one that could likely have been avoided.”
The lawmakers' letter to United says the company's response to date “has been unsatisfactory, and appears to underestimate the public anger about this incident.” It was unclear if the lawmakers sent the letter before or after Munoz's latest comment on the situation, in which they said “no one should ever be treated” the way David Dao was when they were dragged from their seat on an overbooked flight Sunday. One of the Chicago aviation officials who removed Dao has been placed on leave.
Also Read: United Airlines Has Already Lost $600 Million in Market Value Today
The senators asked for a response by April 20th to a series of questions about the case. They include Senate Commerce Committee Chair Sen. John Thune (R-South Dakota) and ranking member Sen. Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, as well as Missouri Republican Sen. Roy Blunt, chair of the subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety and Security, and the subcommittee's ranking member, Washington Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell.
The dragging incident — which culminated in a bloody-faced Dao repeatedly uttering “Just kill me” — has been a PR disaster for United, which saw its market value plunged by $600 million on Tuesday after people on social media and talk show hosts including Jimmy Kimmel and Ellen DeGeneres used the airline as a piñata.
Laurier said the support staff and management cuts were needed to battle a projected $25-million deficit. Three additional management jobs that are currently vacant have been eliminated.
In addition, faculty positions will be reduced through voluntary retirement, not renewing some limited-term academic appointments and reducing teaching assignments for contract academic staff.
"These are difficult actions to take, but the university has a responsibility to do what is needed to return Laurier to a sound and sustainable financial footing," the university said in a statement.
Garry Potter, an associate professor in the sociology department and a member of the Laurier senate, said they were angered and saddened by the cuts.
"The $25-million deficit that they trumpet out as the justification for all of this, it's very misleading about the state of Laurier's finances," they said. "We didn't really need to be making these cuts.
"And, secondly, if they were going to be firing people, they fired the wrong people. These are front-line people and we have a very bloated senior administration."
Crowley said Laurier's costs continue to rise faster than revenues and the university must deal with the deficit.
Eglin said the junior assistant in their department did important things like arranging and promoting guest speakers.
"They do essential work, work that doesn't have any fame or publicity attached to it but without which the university, like any complex organization, just doesn't run, or runs badly."
Eglin said the number of Laurier senior administrators has increased 114 per cent since 2005, while the number of students rose by 36 per cent.
"The senior people, who are paid extraordinary amounts of money, you could do a whole lot of savings by cutting out some of those positions," they said.
Crowley said the current number of management positions at Laurier comprises about 10 per cent of all permanent positions at the university and about one-third of the number of full-time faculty.
"These ratios are in line with management levels at other Ontario universities," they said.
Ironstone agreed with Eglin's contention that Laurier has too many administrators.
"We used to have a dean of students, and then we had an assistant dean of students. Now we have more than one dean of students and we have a vice-president of students. That shows some of the bloat that we are talking about. We're so top heavy we're going to fall down."
Eglin said Tuesday's cuts were not necessary.
"The finances of the university are brilliant," they said. "We make surpluses every year, we have assets that exceed our liabilities by $150 million, we have $100 million in the cash account. What's the problem?"
Herbert Pimlott, an associate professor in the department of communication studies, said Laurier bought 12 apartment buildings in 2012 for $59 million and spent $11 million on renovations. Selling the buildings would fix Laurier's projected deficit, Pimlott said.
"No operating funds were used to purchase these apartment buildings and the revenue they generate pays all borrowing costs and provides an annual profit to the university," Crowley said.
Potter said Laurier should not be run like a business.
"This isn't a Burger King we're running here," they said. "Our remit isn't to make more and more money, to have more and more stores. Our remit is to educate."
Eglin said a front-line manager at the Writing Centre, which helps students become better writers, was one of the 22 who lost their jobs.
Fourth-year Laurier student Connor Young works at the Writing Centre and is a member of Laurier Student Voices, a student group. They called the centre a vital service at a university that lacks a first-year writing course.
With the manager gone, Young said they are worried about the future of the centre.
"I believe it's the cornerstone of academia," they said.
Eglin said the Writing Centre is overflowing with students seeking help and should be hiring people, not downsizing.
"The leadership of the Writing Centre will be handled under the broader umbrella of the Centre for Student Success," Crowley said. "Over the long term, we believe the changes that have been made in our management of the centre will result in more resources for supporting our students."
Sam Lambert, president and chief executive of the Wilfrid Laurier University Students' Union, said they knew "something was coming down the pipeline" after recommendations in Laurier's controversial program review were approved.
"You never want to see 22 people cut," Lambert said. "At the same time, the university, as much as it is an academic institution, is a business as well."
Debra Chapman, a contract faculty member who teaches in the North American studies program, said Laurier seems more concerned with the bottom line than the quality of education.
"It sort of deflates the whole idea of a university," they said. "If that's the direction we're going, we're really failing the public."
Chapman, who is married to Eglin, said contract faculty make about $18,000 a year.
"We are not rich people. We take pride in the work that we do. We're there not for the money. We're there because we enjoy teaching."
In addition to the staff cuts on Tuesday, Laurier laid off nine full-time equivalent custodial positions on Monday, said Jill Smyth, national representative for Local 926 of the Canadian Union of Public Employees.
Crowley said that's not true. Three custodial workers received layoff notices, they said. Another five positions will be eliminated in the coming months as workers retire and are not replaced.
gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord
How much do you really know about Hoboken? Founded in 1630 after being purchased for half a barrel of beer, 12 kettles, 6 guns and a few other treasured items, Hoboken has accrued a rich history with some impressive Hollywood ties, sports facts and inventions. So here it goes:
Hoboken was originally an island (seriously). It was surrounded by the Hudson River.
The first organized baseball game was played in Hoboken in 1846 (New York Nine vs. Knickerboxers).
The zipper was invented here by Automatic Hook & Eye Co. Could you imagine life without them?
Eli Manning, the quarterback for the NY Giants lives in Hoboken, NJ. Check out their rap skills here
Justin Timberlake filmed a commercial at Maxwell's in 2013.
The legendary crooner Frank Sinatra was born in Hoboken in 1915 on Monroe St.
An Acadamey Award winning film, “On the Waterfront” was shot entirely in Hoboken.
For 43 years the floats for the Macy's Day Parade were stored in North Hoboken, in a former tootsie roll factory.
Bruce Springsteen, Nirvana, The Black Keys & many others
Have anything to add? Comment below!
EDITS MADE: Timeline for the Macy's day parade floats was updated. Thanks Mental Floss!
Two gunmen opened fire in a restaurant in Istanbul.
It believed several people have been injured in the attack in the Fetih area of the city, which hosts the governor's office and police headquarters.
Mhamad Kleit, a reporter for U News Agency, said that three people have been injured. They also suggested that the shooting was a 'personal conflict' and not related to terrorism.
It believed several people have been injured in the shooting in the Fetih area of the city, which hosts cities governor's office, police headquarters, and metropolitan municipality
A shell casing on the ground outside the restaurant. The shooting comes just five days after the city's exclusive Reina nightclub was attacked on New Years Eve
The shooting comes just five days after the city's exclusive Reina nightclub was attacked on New Years Eve.
ISIS claimed responsibility for the atrocity in which 39 people were murdered.
The PCG extended generators allow you to create RNGs that do party tricks.
Before we get into talking about the party tricks, let's review a little background.
k-dimensional Equidistribution A common use case for a random number generator is to provide points in a k-dimensional space, for some k. Any good RNG ought to be well distributed across k dimensions (i.e., there should be no pattern to the k-tuples we see), but some users would prefer a much stronger property: that over the full period of the generator, every possible k-tuple will occur, and they will all occur the same number of times. This property is known as k-dimensional equidistribution. Let's look at why this might be a desirable property. There is a saying that if you had an infinite number of monkeys typing on an infinite number of typewriters, they would produce all the great works of literature (and an inconceivable amount of dreck, too). We can cast that scenario into the world of random number generation. Suppose we have a generator that outputs 32-bit values (i.e., four bytes), and we grab its output in chunks of 16384 values at once. Each chunk will thus be 64 KB in size. If we demand that the generator be 16384-dimensionally equidistributed, we can know that all possible 64 KB sequences of data must show up eventually over the full period of the generator, which must be at least 216384×32 = 2524288. Within that immensely huge collection of outputs lies every valid 64 KB zip file, some of which will contain great literature such as Hamlet. Thus, to make the saying more accurate, you don't need an infinite number of monkeys (k-tuples) to produce the works of Shakespeare—2524288 is ample. An argument for k-dimensional equidistribution goes like this: Suppose you bought a lottery ticket every week—how would you feel if you discovered that the clerk at the store was handing you a fake ticket and pocketing the money because, at 259 million to one, you were never going to win anyway. You might, rightly, feel cheated. Thus as unlikely as any particular k-tuple might be, we ought to have a real chance, however remote, of producing it. An argument against providing k-dimensional equidistribution (for large k) is that infinitesimal probabilities aren't worth worrying about. You probably aren't going to win the lottery, and your monkeys won't write Shakespeare. But what if rather than blindly search for Shakespeare, we manufacture a generator that is just on the cusp of producing it. With the PCG family, that's possible!
", (x >>| 000001e0 20 72 29 20 7c 20 28 78 20 3c 3c 20 28 28 2d 72 | r) | (x << ((-r| 000001f0 29 20 26 20 33 31 29 29 29 3b 0a 09 7d 0a 7d 0a |) & 31)));..}.}.| 00000200 94 0a ec 8d 0c 01 30 8f f7 8a ee 5c 7e c9 6a df |......0....\~.j.| 00000210 6f 0c 9c c3 c1 c1 df b6 c6 ff 04 fd 42 94 fa 3a |o...........B..:| 00000220 b7 99 34 3e 26 5a c6 1f b0 7c 1c 45 50 14 ca b1 |..4>&Z...|.EP...| 00000230 9d 32 78 8d d9 f2 27 5e db 1a dd c5 60 8c 41 a3 |.2x...'^....`.A.| 00000240 b1 6e 49 67 08 6a 8e b8 92 98 dbs 73 d3 76 f5 b0 |.nIg.j.....s.v..| 00000250 16 c7 8d b5 2d a3 c5 e7 3c 21 10 f8 61 c6 e1 89 |....-...<!..a...| 00000260 f2 7c 8e 83 dd 85 e7 5f 1a 2e c8 55 a5 72 bd 9b |.|....._...U.r..| 00000270 af 2b 61 a6 f2 88 b3 73 98 ce c2 96 63 82 f0 d5 |.+a....s....c...| 00000280 54 e1 db c1 59 9e 4b 9c 76 69 80 3a 19 ea a4 6f |T...Y.K.vi.:...o| 00000290 53 f4 ba 72 98 32 38 29 ba f5 13 11 1b f0 37 29 |S..r.28)......7)| 000002a0 75 f0 d3 a1 47 d2 b8 65 20 7c 07 5e c5 ff 2e 25 |u...G..e |.^...%| 000002b0 a5 0d 8b 36 87 0a 53 5b da 11 a5 a3 4e 14 dd 9c |...6..S[....N...| 000002c0 18 eb 9f 4d d4 13 e3 35 9b 96 d1 01 4a 63 26 46 |...M...5....Jc&F| 000002d0 83 35 36 73 4b 2b b8 f2 bf b7 58 6f 2a ea e7 f1 |.56sK+....Xo*...| 000002e0 b5 a8 ab 59 a4 ec 53 2d 62 e4 cd 1c d1 bd 22 0a |...Y..S-b.....".| 000002f0 1d 94 6c 73 30 31 04 8d 6b 88 b6 fd 39 4b e4 5a |..ls01..k...9K.Z| Here, the middle tuple is this 256-byte C program: // PCG, see pcg-random.org #include <stdio.h> #include <stdint.h> int main () { uint64_t s = 42 ; for (;;) { s = s * 6364136223846793005ULL + 1 ; uint32_t x = (( s >> 18 ) ^ s ) >> 27 , r = s >> 59u ; printf ( "%08x
" , ( x >> r ) | ( x << (( - r ) & 31 ))); } } which actually implements a program which outputs values from a pcg32 generator. There is actually nothing very special about contriving the state of a k-dimensionally equidistributed generator to produce a specific output—we could, for example, do the same with the Mersenne Twister—but it's worth noticing that there is no connection between the 64-tuples. All the ones that precede our desired tuple and all the ones that follow it look completely random. The same can't be said for the Mersenne Twister. If we create a state that has a lot of zeros in it, it'll take a long time to recover from that state, so it's not as well suited for doing party tricks.
devouring
Demonstrators yell slogans during protest against the travel ban imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order, at Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 29, 2017. Reuters/Ted Soqui Statistically, it's President Donald Trump— a native born American male&mdash you should be way more afraid of killing you than a refugee.
Yet, with a twist of irony, Trump's extreme anti-immigration policies are largely founded on a rhetoric that pushes the notion that migrants and refugees are widely "rapists," "drug lords" and "murderers."
Trump's controversial immigration executive order, which was ultimately suspended, sought to halt the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the name of protecting Americans from potential attacks.
But the numbers tell a very different story from Trump's.
It would be prudent to fear a native-born American much more than a refugee, according to an analysis from think tank Cato Institute and FBI statistics.
Young, displaced children from Syria sit in a bus as they arrive at a refugee camp at Kokkinotrimithia, outside Nicosia, the capital of Cyprus, on Saturday, Feb. 4, 2017. AP/ Petros Karadjias
The Cato Institute's Alex Nowrasteh did a risk analysis examining all the domestic terrorist attacks between 1975 and 2015 and who perpetrated them.
Nowrasteh found — based on all terrorist attacks over the 40-year period — that the annual chance of an American being killed from a terrorist attack committed by a refugee is one in 3.64 billion. Yes, a billion.
The number becomes even more gargantuan if you apply it to undocumented immigrants — it's one in 10.9 billion a year.
African refugees and migrants, mostly from Sudan and Senegal, wait aboard a crowded rubber boat 25 miles off the Libyan coast to be assisted by an NGO, early in the morning on Feb. 23, 2016. AP/Santi Palacios
Conversely, FBI estimates put the annual national "murder and non-negligent manslaughter" rate in 2013 at 4.5 people for every 100,000. Put differently, that's one person killed for 22,222 people.
The FBI uses data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which also includes "foreign-born persons" — who account for 13.2% of the population.
Given the FBI estimate is an average for the entire population, it's safe to assume the murder rate is, on average, the same for an American citizen as it is for a foreigner living in the U.S.
But even if we excluded the 13.2% foreign-born population from the FBI murder rate — so we're exclusively looking at native-born Americans — the number marginally rises to one in 22,256 persons.
Hundreds of Syrian families wait to register at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees headquarters in Beirut, Lebanon, on Jan. 30, 2017. AP/ Hassan Ammar
However, as noted above, the average murder rate applies to all demographics.
Approaching the numbers from a different angle, the Cato Institute found 20 refugees were involved in killing Americans in terrorist attacks between 1975 and 2015. Comparatively, in 2013 alone, the FBI identified 14,132 known "murder offenders" in the U.S.
"I think there's lots of discussion and dialogue about immigrants and crime and my argument is let's have public policy that's based off data and evidence," Robert Adelman, an associate professor of sociology at the University of Buffalo and immigration specialist, told Mic. "Let's take a careful look at what the data and evidence suggest as opposed to basing public policy on ideology."
Morganite or Pink Beryl
Morganite Rough
In the first decade of the twentieth century, several gemstone deposits were discovered in Pala, California. They include kunzite, the pink variety of spodumene and morganite, the pink variety of beryl which had been first discovered in Madagascar. Kunzite was named after the famous American gemologist, George Frederick Kunz, who spent most of their career as the chief gemologist at Tiffany & Co. Morganite was named in honor of the legendary financier and gem collector, J.P. Morgan. In fact it was Kunz who suggested naming the beryl after Morgan, who was Tiffany & Co's best customer.
Morganite belongs to the same gemstone family as emerald, aquamarine, golden beryl and bixbite. Among these beryls, morganite and the raspberry-red bixbite are the rarest. In fact bixbite is only found in the state of Utah in the USA. Morganite is not quite as scarce, but still counts as a rare variety.
There has been some attempt in the jewelry trade to change the name of morganite to "pink emerald." But this should be seen as just a marketing ploy to bring pink beryl to the attention of the public. The official mineral name for pink beryl continues to be morganite.
Oval Morganite Gemstone
Like the other members of the beryl family, morganite is aluminum beryllium silicate. The source of the pink coloration is not well understood. Some scientists attribute morganite's color to traces of manganese, while other sources attribute the color to the element caesium. Morganite's color can vary from soft pink to violet, salmon and peach.
In common with other beryls, morganite has very good hardness, with a rating of 7.5 to 8 on the Mohs scale. The refractive index is 1.562 to 1.602. Beryl generally has a density or specific gravity of 2.66 to 2.87, but morganite is slightly denser than other beryls, at 2.71 to 2.90. Unlike emerald, which tends to have significant inclusions, morganite is usually quite clean.
Morganite is routinely heat treated to improve its delicate color and remove any yellow tones. Heating is done at relatively low temperatures (about 400 degrees centigrade) to achieve this effect.
Morganite deposits are found in Afghanistan, Brazil, China, Madagascar, Mozambique, Namibia, Zimbabwe and the USA (California and Maine).
The coming singularity
A Wikipedia user asked on the Wikipedia reference desk page: You know the idea that eventually we'll be able to download our brains/personalities to computer, to achieve physical immortality? There is a big trouble with this version of the immortality thing that people rarely mention. You go to the scanning and uploading center one day and write them a check. They scan and upload your brain, and say "All done, time to go home!" "That's it?" you say. "I don't feel any different." "Well, of course not. You're no different. But the uploaded version is immortal." Then you go home and grow old, and every once in a while you get an email: From: Mark Dominus (Immortal version) <mjd@forever.org> Subject: Wish you were here Having a great time here in paradise! Haven't aged a day. Thanks! Or maybe one like this: From: Mark Dominus (Immortal version) <mjd@forever.org> Subject: Guess what I just did? Today I had sex with Arthur C. Clarke while swimming in a giant hot-fudge sundae. It was totally awesome! Too bad you couldn't be here. I know exactly how much you would have enjoyed it. Sorry to hear you're sick. Hope the chemo works out. Then you die, and some computer program somewhere simulates the immortal version of you having a little ritual observance to mark your passing. Sometimes the proponents of this scheme try to conceal this enormous drawback by suggesting that they obliterate the original version of you immediately after the upload. Consider carefully whether you believe this will improve the outcome.
[Other articles in category /brain] permanent link
Bike sharing program could come to Charleston Copyright by WCBD - All rights reserved Video
You have plenty of options for transportation in downtown Charleston; you can hop on a rickshaw, a city bus, drive, take a horse drawn carriage, or pound the pavement. But the City of Charleston hopes to get more people on bikes with a bike share option.
Charleston's Planning Director, Jacob Lindsey, says, "There will be a series of bike stations, which will be around the city. They just have to be returned back to their station by the end of the use period."
It would not cost the city any money to implement and would be run by an outside company. People tell News 2 they would use it.
Mason Steele, who lives in Charleston, says, "If I needed to get somewhere on time I would totally use the bike sharing program."
That is, if the roads were safer.
When asked what bike riding is like in downtown Charleston, Steele says, "I've been hit, tapped a few times."
Lisa Harley, who is visiting Charleston, says, "I think I would use it more in the evenings than I would during the day. I think it's a little busy during the day, the traffic."
News 2 received similar responses across the city, people say they would use the bike sharing program if the streets of Charleston were safer. So, News 2 went to city leaders to find out what they plan to do safety-wise to make sure the program is successful.
Lindsey says, "Every single bicycle is tracked via GPS so we can know how people use the streets and that data will allow us to know how people use the streets so we can plan for bicycle infrastructure in the future."
The city tried a free bike program in the late 1990's, but all of those bikes were stolen. The new bike share program would have more accountability for the user.
Lindsey says, "Everyone who takes our bike share program would need to be a registered user, so it would make sure no one can steal a bike or run away with it. Everyone is registered when they pick up a bike."
Charleston City Council unanimously passed the first reading of the bike share contract on Thursday. It will still need to go through two more readings before it is implemented. City staff hope it will be up and running by Spring 2017.
Chow writes: "The campaign to oppose the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL) continues to gain steam with Leonardo DiCaprio and actors from the upcoming Justice League film joining the cause."
Leonardo DiCaprio participating in a climate change march in New York. (photo: Eduardo Munoz/Reuters)
Leonardo DiCaprio Stands With Great Sioux Nation to Stop Dakota Access Pipeline
By Lorraine Chow, EcoWatch
they campaign to oppose the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL) continues to gain steam with Leonardo DiCaprio and actors from the upcoming Justice League film joining the cause.
Standing w/ the Great Sioux Nation to protect their water & lands. Take a stand: https://t.co/nKKMIe4csA #RezpectOurWater #KeepItInTheGround — Leonardo DiCaprio (@LeoDiCaprio) May 10, 2016
Dakota Access—a subsidiary of Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners LP—has proposed a $3.7 billion, 1,168-mile pipeline that will transfer up to 570,00 barrels of crude oil per day from the North Dakota Bakken region through South Dakota and Iowa into Illinois.
The DAPL, also referred to as the Bakken pipeline, would cross the Missouri River less than a mile away from the Standing Rock Reservation that stands in North and South Dakota. The Missouri River, one of the largest water resources in the U.S., provides drinking water for millions of people.
The people of Standing Rock, often called Sioux, warn that a potential oil spill into the river would threaten the water, land and health of their reservation.
In DiCaprio's tweet, the Oscar-winning actor and clean energy advocate said they were "standing with the Great Sioux Nation to protect their water and lands," and linked to a Change.org petition that urges the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to stop the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
The petition was written by 13-year-old Anna Lee Rain YellowHammer on behalf of Standing Rock youth. It states:
A private oil company wants to build a pipeline that would cross the Missouri River less than a mile away from the Standing Rock Reservation and if we don't stop it, it will poison our river and threaten the health of my community when it leaks.
My friends and I have played in the river since we were little; my great grandparents raised chickens and horses along it. When the pipeline leaks, it will wipe out plants and animals, ruin our drinking water and poison the center of community life for the Standing Rock Sioux.
The petition has been signed by nearly 46,000 supporters, just short of 4,000 signatures to reach the 50,000 goal.
DiCaprio's tweet also hash-tagged #KeepItInTheGround, which calls for keeping fossil fuels in the ground.
According to Dakota Access, their proposed route which will travel through 50 counties in four states "was carefully designed to transport crude in the safest, most efficient way possible."
However, for the past several months, native American communities and landowners have been battling the construction of the DAPL.
DAPL will transport crude oil from the North Dakota Bakken region through South Dakota and Iowa into Illinois. Traveling through 50 counties in 4 states. Photo credit: Dakota Access LLC
"Oil companies keep telling us that this is perfectly safe, but we've learned that that's a lie: from 2012-2013 alone, there were 300 oil pipeline breaks in the state of North Dakota," YellowHammer wrote in their petition. "With such a high chance that this pipeline will leak, I can only guess that the oil industry keeps pushing for it because they don't care about our health and safety. It's like they think our lives are more expendable than others."
Army Corps is currently considering permits to construct and operate the DAPL. They will reportedly make the decision in days, thus prompting renewed urgency from opponents to stop the project.
Alongside DiCaprio, many famous faces have joined the cause. Three stars from the new Justice League film—Jason Momoa, Ezra Miller and Ray Fisher—have posted social media messages to protest the pipeline, as Indian Country reported.
In their Instagram photo, Momoa holds a sign that states they have signed the Change.org petition and that “oil pipelines are a bad idea.”
"We want to say that our hearts are with the Native youth of the Standing Rock Reservation, and that we oppose the Dakota Access Pipeline,” Miller says in the video.
Fisher also urged viewers to visit the website Rezpect our Water, which has been launched against the pipeline.
A recent a 500-mile relay, Run For Your Life: No DAPL, was organized in opposition of the project. The run, which started April 28 from cannonball, North Dakota ended at the Army Corps Omaha District office in Nebraska on May 3.
“I am doing Run For Your Life: No DAPL because I want the younger generations to know what they are looking forward to in the future if this pipeline comes through," lead run coordinator and Standing Rock member said. "I am running for the whole Oceti Sakowin. I am carrying all their prayers on the road with us. Water is essential to everyday life. Why hasn't someone even given a thought about the 3 to 4 million people who use our Missouri River water? It is 2016, and here we are fighting our battles, running across the state of South Dakota to show our statement.”
The runners delivered a unified statement to Colonel John Henderson and the Army Corps in resistance to the oil pipeline.
The letter, which you can read in full here, states:
We write to you as the peoples of this great land, both Native and non-Native, who rely on the Missouri River and our ecosystems for our livelihoods, our communities, and our futures. For a long time, man has behaved as though they have absolute dominion over nature, and now we are beginning to see the effects of what this attitude has done to our world. As global concerns about environmental issues continue to rise, we too are taking a stand out of concern not only for ourselves, but also for the non-human animals in our communities and for the children who shall become a part of nature after we have passed.
They group also issued a number of demands that the Army Corps must take before issuing a permit to Dakota Access:
Conduct a full EIS [environmental impact assessment] to determine potential environmental effects of the DAPL.
Address additional concerns regarding environmental justice and emergency response actions to spill/leaks.
Address the potential impact to cultural/historical sites, including native burial grounds.
Address the lack of communication with tribes over the past several months, and remedy this by properly consulting and coordinating with affected tribes.
Apply President Barack Obama's climate test and determine whether this project serves the national interest by not significantly exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution.
"If Dakota Access fails to meet the conditions of any one of these enacted recommendations it stands as a clear indication that it is not a safe and sound project deserving of permitting," the letter concludes.
Ed Fallon, director of the nonprofit Bold Iowa and former Democratic gubernatorial candidate for Iowa, met the runners in Omaha. They delivered a speech that touched on how some farmers and landowners felt no choice but to sign their land away for construction of the Bakken pipeline.
Army Corps of Engineers spokesperson Eileen Williamson said the Corps is evaluating the environmental impacts that take place during construction.
“For example, if threatened and endangered species is a concern. Let's say that a proposed crossing and construction schedule could impact nesting of a protected bird,” Williamson told South Dakota public radio. “Then a recommendation would be to ensure that the construction schedule is outside of that nesting period, and that the construction does not affect the habitat that that bird would use for nesting.”
Williamson said officials must work with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the state Historic Preservation Officer and Tribal governments. They say the Corps is also reviewing public comments.
The Chinese government has denied earlier reports that it is seeking to shut down even personal VPNs in China.
Citing sources “familiar with the matter,” Bloomberg reported that the government has given instructions to telecommunications carriers to block individuals' access to virtual private networks by Feb. 1, 2018.
According to the report, local telecommunications firms such as China Mobile, China Unicom, and China Telecom have reportedly been ordered to ban VPNs.
The move would effectively cut everyone's access to the global internet, including both local and foreign individuals who have managed to access the unfiltered world wide web in the past. VPN users, mostly foreigners living in China, have so far been able to circumvent censorship restrictions of the Great Firewall by routing their web traffic abroad.
China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, however, has called the Bloomberg article a false story, reports Shanghaiist. In a statement provided to The Paper, the agency clarified that it has merely issued a directive in January that cracked down on companies using unauthorized VPNs to conduct business.
Under its new provisions, all cable and VPN services are now required to obtain prior government approval before being used for business activities that go across China's borders. The agency has even warned firms to ensure that VPNs are used internally.
China's restriction on its population's access to the internet is notoriously one of the strictest in the world. Government regulators have been tasked to constantly monitor the people's access to the web.
The Great Firewall has been able to keep local Internet users from accessing foreign social sites such as Twitter, Facebook and even news and information sites while VPNs have been widely used by businesses and individuals to access these banned sites.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Senate Republican leaders announced unexpectedly on Tuesday afternoon that they would delay the body's vote on the GOP healthcare bill until after the July 4 recess, multiple news outlets have confirmed.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's move to delay the vote came after key Republican senators came out against the draft bill following the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimate that 22 million Americans would lose health insurance as a result of the legislation.
At least five senators, from both conservative and moderate wings of the party, had publicly said they would not support a key procedural vote to allow the bill to advance to debate.
Moderate members Susan Collins and Dean Heller said they would not vote to advance the bill because of concerns regarding the decreased funding for Medicaid and the dismal CBO score. Conservative Sens. Rand Paul, Ron Johnson, and Mike Lee also said they were against moving the bill because they did not believe it went far enough in its repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law better known as Obamacare.
Sen. Lisa Murkowsi, a key moderate vote from Alaska, told reporters they were happy with the decision to delay. "I think that was an important step," Murkowsi said "I certainly wasn't ready."
The divisions made it difficult for McConnell to find a pathway to amend the bill and win over enough members to even get the bill to the floor debate.
Multiple news outlets have reported that the Senate GOP leadership plans to rewrite the bill over the July 4 weeklong recess and resubmit it to the CBO for a new score. The large loss of coverage and high costs projected in the CBO report released Monday drew swift condemnation from healthcare groups and Democrats, and even some Republican members expressed concern.
"We're not going to vote this week, so we have more time to work on it until we get it done," Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, the second-highest ranking Senate Republican, told reporters.
During a press briefing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday afternoon, McConnell called healthcare a "a big, complicated subject" and said they hoped to get "at least 50 people in a comfortable place" on the bill in the coming weeks.
McConnell originally hoped to be done with the bill before the recess to avoid prolonged public scrutiny similar to that faced by the House's American Health Care Act, which endured two false starts before passing in May.
President Donald Trump has reportedly invited Republican senators to the White House on Tuesday at 4 p.m. ET to discuss the bill.
Bob Bryan contributed to this report.
Civic opposition, denied permits and a council fine haven't got in the way of controversial documentary series Struggle Street, with SBS revealing the first trailer for the second season, which will premiere at the end of November.
SBS reality show Struggle Street betrays vulnerable people, says missionary Read more
Shot over six months in suburbs of high socioeconomic disadvantage, including Inala in Queensland and Broadmeadows and Seddon in Victoria, the series will again feature personal stories of hardship and triumph – but with a broader focus on national systemic issues, and twice the runtime.
SBS's director of TV and online content, Marshall Heald, said at a press event the show makes for “confronting television”.
“These are not easy stories for us to hear, but they're the ones we need to listen to the most,” they said. “Sometimes when facts don't persuade, feelings do.”
Struggle Street's first season, which focused on families living on the public housing estates of Mount Druitt in Sydney's west, reached a record audience for SBS and was well-received by critics when it premiered in May 2015.
But after viewing a promo (featuring a participant loudly farting, a scene which was subsequently edited out) as well as the first episode, Blacktown mayor Stephen Bali, council members and some documentary subjects led a garbage truck blockade of the SBS head office, in a protest against what Bali deemed “poverty porn”. The series was criticised as “sensationalist” and biased, with one subject, Peta Kennedy, saying, “This has ruined my life ... I hate being called a houso, I hate being called a bogan and I will not stand for my family being attacked.”
SBS Struggle Street: lawyer George Newhouse investigates defamation suit Read more
Anticipating that the second series would tread similar ground, councils in Queensland and Melbourne denied filming permits to production house KEO Films this year, with the Queensland premier Annastacia Palaszczuk saying they feared the show would “see families ridiculed on national television”.
“I don't support shows that seek to intimidate people or misrepresent the lives people lead,” Palaszczuk told Guardian Australia.
The Brisbane lord mayor Graham Quirk also expressed “grave concerns” over the second series, and encouraged residents in the disadvantaged suburb of Inala to notify the council if they saw anyone filming in public. A representative from Quirk's office said “his position has not changed”. Neither Quirk nor Palaszczukhave seen the new season.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Norma, who is kicked out of public housing after their daughter is charged with drug possession. Photograph: Paul A. Broben/Keo Films
Heald said, unlike season one, the second season is “not a program about a particular suburb or area. It's a much broader national issue, and a sample of poverty in every corner of Australia.”
They said the pushback from politicians was “perhaps understandable” due to the “public policy aspect”; the show highlights systemic problems of socioeconomic inequality that have yet to be solved, including intersections between poverty, unemployment, homelessness, substance abuse, mental illness, race and disability. In the two years since the first season aired, for instance, the number of Australians living in poverty has risen from 2.5 million to 3 million.
“Using [filming permits] to effectively stop stories being told is not something that we're comfortable with, as a public broadcaster,” Heald said. KEO films are currently facing a fine for filming in Brisbane city council, the legality of which is being contested. “I think it's fair to say the councils didn't go out of their way to make it easier for us ... but we just went about our business,” said David Galloway, KEO Films's executive producer.
The second season, which received funding support from Screen Australia and Film Victoria, is twice the length of the first, comprising six hour-long episodes, with the aim to give more space to participants' backstories.
Struggle Street protest brings garbage truck blockade to SBS Sydney offices Read more
The first episode, shown to journalists last week, introduces viewers to recovering drug addict Michael, who was disowned by their family and lives in poverty in Seddon. In a heartbreaking sequence, the camera follows them to their mother's funeral, as they steel himself, through tears, with longnecks of beer. We also meet Indigenous woman Norma, who provides shelter for Indigenous youth despite living in poverty herself, but who is kicked out of public housing after their pregnant daughter is found in possession of marijuana. Them community comes together to support her, fronting up to the local housing authorities in protest.
“When we came to a second series we thought about ways we could improve it,” Heald said. “We've gone to a longer duration, to try and give some greater depth and context to the stories; and we've shot across multiple locations to reinforce that these are big, national issues ...
“While there was controversy around season one, we were incredibly proud of the debate and disucssion that the show created, and wanted to replicate that with season two.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael, a recovering drug addict opened up their life for six months during the filming of Struggle Street. Photograph: Keo Films
Galloway said each participant was eager to tell their story, and some were followed for up to six months. “We were very careful and keen to tell the backstories as well, so the audience would have a greater understanding of how a lot of people end up in really difficult, challenging circumstances,” they said. The people featured in Struggle Street have not yet seen their scenes.
Struggle Street will be supported by a live discussion show on SBS, a special about young people living in poverty on The Feed, and a story about Norma and Indigenous housing on NITV's The Point. “We're working to provide context and resources around all the issues,” SBS head of unscripted content John Godfrey said. “We're going to be examining it and exploring it from all sorts of angles.”
Godfrey said any changes they had made to the show had nothing to do with backlash to the first season.
“Just like any series, it was a first series, and there are learnings from the first series. It's as simple as that,” they said.
A 51-year-old man died and dozens of people were injured in Tuesday night's New Year celebrations in the Netherlands.
The man was killed at around 18.30 after their own fireworks exploded, according to media reports. The circumstances surrounding their death are still being investigated.
Eye specialists say they treated at least 46 people for serious damage and at least eight people have lost an eye because of firework injuries.
Rotterdam doctor Tjeerd de Faber told Nos television legal fireworks are to blame for most of the injuries and in more than half the cases the victims lit the fireworks themselves.
Several people have also lost hands because of firework accidents.
Car fires
In the Rotterdam region, at least 70 people were arrested for violence and arson, and the fire brigade was called out 1,227 times. The fire brigade put out 45 fires in buildings and houses and 19 cars were set ablaze, according to Nos television.
In nearby Schiedam, firefighters were pelted with fireworks as they tried to put out a fire.
In The Hague region, at least 69 cars were destroyed by deliberate fires, according to local broadcaster Omroep West.
Riot police
In Utrecht, there were at least 89 arrests and police and firefighters came under attack several times, local broadcaster RTV West said. Dozens of cars were also set on fire.
In Enschede, 30 people were arrested for throwing bottles and fireworks at police.
In Gelderland, at least 79 people were arrested for arson and attacking emergency service workers, RTL news said. Riot police were brought in to break up a gang of 80 people throwing bottles and fireworks in the village of Waardenburg, where there were 20 arrests.
Rain
In Amsterdam, where it rained all evening, early reports said there were few serious incidents and no major injuries. Four people were hospitalised after drinking too much.
The Dutch insurers association VvV said initial reports indicated damage to cars and property appears to be down on 2013, when the total reached over €10m.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Former Bush press secretary Dana Perino was in full spin mode yesterday in an interview with CBS's Chip Reid. Perino accused President Obama of editing the statements of the Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair, while ignoring the fact that the Bush administration constantly edited statements and reports from scientists on the issue of climate change.
Here is the video:
Perino said, “Dennis Blair, the current administration's DNI also said that this information helped us prevent terrorist attacks. They said that they didn't know if back then they would have approved it, but what they do know is that it gave us an intelligence stream. It is very curious to me that they took that statement that they said to employees out of the press statement that they gave. I was just thinking that if the Bush administration had done that, if we had editing somebody's statement to employees, and edited that out when we sent it out to the press, we probably would have been fending off calls for a special prosecutor, so there are a lot of double standards going on here.”
Speaking of double standards, perhaps Dana Perino has forgotten about the Bush administration's manipulation and rewriting of climate change studies? According to a 2007 report by the House Oversight Committee, “The White House exerted unusual control over the public statements of federal scientists on climate change issues. It was standard practice for media requests to speak with federal scientists on climate change matters to be sent to CEQ for White House approval. By controlling which government scientists could respond to media inquiries, the White House suppressed dissemination of scientific views that could conflict with Administration policies. The White House also edited congressional testimony regarding the science of climate change.”
Former Bush administration officials have no credibility when they criticize Obama. Perino also made the outrageous statement that they never answered the torture question as press secretary, when the evidence shows that they did so at least four times. The longer these faces from the Bush administration hang around and defend their actions, the worse things will get for the GOP. With all these former Bushies on television all of the time, it feels like they have never gone away.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The following teams have committed to purchase at least one F4 car for the 2019 Championship Season.
Name: Group-A Racing
Phone Number: 631-974-4379
Email Address: info@grouparacingteam.com
Company website: www.GroupARacingTeam.com
Name: Primus Racing Team
Phone Number: 317-529-2688
Email Address: dcutshaw@primusracingteam.com
Company website: www.PrimusRacingTeam.com
Name: Momentum Motorsports
Address: 170 Neelytown Road, Montgomery, NY 12549
Phone Number: 845-457-7737
Email Address: Phil@PhilPicard.com
Company website: www.momentummotorsportsllc.com
Name: Global Racing Group
Phone Number: 425-606-9636
Email: info@globalracinggroup.com
Company website: globalracinggroup.com
Name: Jay Howard Driver Development
Phone Number: 317-503-5963
Email: jay@jayhoward.com
Company Website: jayhoward.com
Name: DC Autosport with Cape Motorsports
Phone Number: 618-593-4888
Email: dconner904@yahoo.com
Name: Abel Motorsports
Phone Number: 502-291-1005
Email: babel@abelconstruct.com
Name: Kiwi Motorsport
Phone Number: 682-208-4754
Email: teena@teenalarsen.com
Name: Crosslink Racing/ Patrick Flynn Motorsports
Phone Number: 972-979-7050
Email: crosslinkcoating@sbcglobal.net
Name: DEForce Racing
Phone Number: +52-1-811-277-9020 or 1-346-223-0149
Email: ernesto@deforceracing.com
Company Website: deforceracing.com
Name: Velocity Racing Development
Phone Number: 954-594-2686
Email: dan@danmitchellmotorsport.com
Name: Alliance Racing
Phone Number: 317-698-1920
Email: toney@alliance.racing
Name: World Speed Motorsports (Contact Telo Steward- President/Owner)
Phone Number: 707-477-0909
Email: Telo@worldspeed.com
Company Website: worldspeed.com
*** Potential drivers interested in competing in the series should email Dan Helman at dhelman@scca.com
*** Team List updated as new teams confirm
- Illustration by Zehra Nawab
When I was a boy, I had a ‘family teacher' who came to our house. This gentleman taught several of my cousins, my siblings and me for years. They were a hard-working man, not sparing the rod (or electric wire for that matter) and taught us many things: learn by rote, regurgitate on paper. Don't worry about understanding what the essay says or implies; memorise it. Reading storybooks is a waste of time better spent ‘rattafying' blocks of text. Stories in magazines such as Bachon Ki Dunya, Bachon Ka Baagh and Jugnoo, or involving Amr Ayyar, Tarzan, Chan Changloo or Chaloosak Maloosak zipping off in their spaceship to exciting new worlds are especially no-no.
Fantastic tales are stories for children, we were told. To be discarded as one grows up, if not before.
My parents supported my teacher's methods because they thought they were right. I grew up in a joint family (read tribal) system, and our elders were (are) old-fashioned. Education must be instilled into our youth with a vengeance, as children are incapable of learning any other way, they believed. A bit of caning, a dash of slapping, a flourish of the chappal — and all would be well.
Of course, they were wrong.
Of the children my respected teacher taught – 20 or so – for more than a decade, hardly any put their education to use. Not one pursued a professional career: entrepreneurship, media, arts, civil service, education, public health or law — or if they did, it was at for-profit colleges to ‘get degreed' for societal purposes. Nearly all of my cousins ended up joining their respective family businesses: garments, shoes, shopkeeping, construction or renting out farmland.
I expect many readers are familiar with such stories. How many years are wasted all over Pakistan studying everything but learning nothing? Why does it happen?
My answer: The students and my respected teacher had no imagination.
Lack of imagination meant they had no vision and no conviction. They weren't even interested in the possibility that any of the three attributes might be useful.
Is it a shock to anyone that Pakistan has been in the grip of an existential crisis for the last 60-some years? Outlining the root causes and effects of it is outside the scope of this article, but I will take a moment here to make a (seemingly) preposterous claim: Encouraging science fiction, fantasy, and horror readership has the potential to alleviate or fix many of Pakistan's problems.
Before I explain my position, we need to define what falls within such a literary spectrum.
There are innumerable advantages to reading fiction, but my focus in this article is on speculative fiction, often understood to be science fiction, fantasy, and horror. (Hereon, I will use science fiction as an umbrella term to include all aspects and sub-genres of speculative fiction, including hard and sociopolitical science fiction, fantasy of all sorts, magical realism, slipstream, surrealism, fabulism, the uncanny and horror).
The literary tradition of science fiction (or fantastika, using literary critic John Clute's term) is ancient; some might say it goes all the way back to the Epic of Gilgamesh written in The Land Between the Two Rivers (Mesopotamia). From more recent times – the last two thousand years – we can include Ovid's Metamorphosis, quite a bit of Shakespeare's oeuvre, Dante's Inferno and, from the Islamic world, Alif Laila Wa Laila (A Thousand and One Nights), Dastan-e-Amir Hamza, Talism Hoshruba, Shahnameh by Firdousi, and so on, all the way to present day novels and short stories.
But what really is science fiction? Many consider it to be imaginative literature, the literature of ideas, literature that ‘evokes a sense of wonder'. Several definitions have been offered by Western science fiction writers and critics, but my favourite comes from Ted Chiang – one of our most important science fiction writers – from their interview with the California Sunday Magazine:
“Sometimes, people who read my work tell me, ‘I like it, but it's not really science fiction, is it?'” (Chiang) says. “And I always feel like, no, actually, my work is exactly science fiction.” After Star Wars made the genre synonymous forever with what Chiang calls “adventure stories dressed up with lasers,” people forgot that science fiction includes the word “science” for a reason: It is supposed to be largely about exploring the boundaries of knowledge, they say. “All the things I do in my work – engaging in thought experiments, investigating philosophical questions – those are all things that science fiction does.”
I think most science fiction writers, readers and critics would agree with this: Science fiction is the literature that explores the boundaries of knowledge. While I won't go into details here, that definition is mostly applicable to speculative fiction's sub genres, including magical realism, fantasy and horror; it's just the class of knowledge that changes within each.
Now that we have tentatively established what science fiction is, let us look at the real world advantages of reading it.
Except in the rarest of circumstances, no child is born without curiosity, hope and imagination. Much like self-preserving reflexes and instincts, these are evolutionarily designed to help the infant anticipate and respond to stimuli, seek out, learn, worry, and delight. We know from scientific studies that imagination and pretend-play aid in cognitive and social development. They not only arm the child to deal with the real world, but also play a part in establishing the identity of the child as separate from others, teaching them divergent thinking (a thought process that generates creative ideas by exploring many possible solutions), cognitive flexibility and self-regulation, which include reduced aggression, civility and empathy.
Any of those sound like a good idea to teach your average Pakistani?
Mimetic or realist literature has its own uses, but mimetic fiction doesn't always explore alternative ways of living, learning and growing as individuals or peoples. It doesn't necessarily evoke a sense of awe that could take us back to an age of innocence when the stars were a million hot eyes in the sky, the moon a silver sickle dangling from God's Hand and the world a place filled with mystery.
Mimetic fiction often reports much and resolves little. Science fiction in its imaginative glory seeks to report and resolve and recreate a world filled with possibility. It provides us with so many lenses to look at the world around us, lighting up minds with revelation — until one exclaims that they have had a vision of a brave new world, or another jumps up screaming eureka! and runs naked down the street, letting the sun of discovery and hope beat down on their naked shrivelled skin.
Many times, the confines of realist fiction are too narrow to describe one's reality. Words and nerves fail. Sentimentality may be found wanting. Thus spake Gabriel Garcia Márquez in an interview to The Atlantic in 1973: “In Mexico … surrealism runs through the streets. Surrealism comes from the reality of Latin America.”
We Pakistanis are living in a country that has become the perfect dystopian setting, and we are so visionless and inured to the grim dark that we simply do not care. Reading escapist, fabulist or symbolical fiction is one way to regain hope, mutual tolerance and empathy.
Some examples of how such a literary model could work in contemporary Pakistani writing:
What if Hamid, a Sunni wakes up one day and finds themselves transformed into an ‘infidel' with devil horns and a bushy red tail? How does Hamid deal with this new situation wherein the locus of power has shifted?
What if an old Muslim schoolmaster dreams of seeing infinity, living in a land of mathematics, “the space where primes live, the topology of the infinite universes” in a world torn asunder by religious violence between Hindus and Muslims in modern India? What if such a story pulled quotes from Arab, Indian and European mathematical treatises, Sahir Ludhianvi, Bulleh Shah and Faiz Ahmed Faiz to charge toward its inevitable and touching conclusion?
What if a boy with musical superpowers were born in Pakistan (he can set the air on fire, say, with their tabla-playing) but this superpower only manifests itself in the presence of an Indian naach-girl from whose mouth the river Ganges flows out when they sing? How would such a premise play out and what are its symbolic and sociopolitical implications?
What if the bodies of Christians burnt alive in a conflagration (like the Joseph Colony mobbing) jolt to life and return to their muhallah to be led by a young boy with necromantic powers?
What if East Pakistan never became Bangladesh? What if General Ayub Khan didn't carry out the 1958 coup d'état? What if the Pakistani army had reached Srinagar before the Indians in 1948? What if India and Pakistan were on the friendliest of terms?
What if Partition never happened?
Exploring such perspectives can lead to examining one's present afresh. Visionary work and sociopolitical movements have often followed such perspectives. Ursula K Le Guin's The Left Hand of Darkness and Samuel R Delany's Dhalgren come to mind as examples of science fiction anchored in ideas of gender, sex and identity, which later influenced quite a few intellectuals, progressives and activists in the United States in their struggle for social justice for all.
Or why go to the West at all when a work like Hayy ibn Yaqdhan by Ibn Tufail exists within the Islamic cannon? As Charlie Jane Anders notes in their article The Islamic Roots of Science Fiction: “this 12th century work isn't speculative, per se, but it does have a heavy scientific component, and was an influence on Defoe's Robinson Crusoe, which in turn influenced tons of SF [science fiction] creators. In Hayy ibn Yaqdhan, a boy is raised alone on an island by a gazelle, and they develop empiricism and the scientific method of inquiry through pure observation. This book, with its emphasis on deriving knowledge from observation, became popular in Europe in the 17th century and probably helped spur the Scientific Revolution.”
Do we not agree that Pakistan needs a scientific revolution? That our children need to develop a healthy interest and curiosity in science, culture and ethics instead of the subjects being forced upon them?
I agree with Zarrar Khuhro's recent column in Dawn: Science fiction literature has often been predictive of scientific and political revolution and technological innovation in the West for a long time — all the way back to the Renaissance, in fact. In that sense, a scientist's flash of intuition (Descartes terms it the highest form of intellect) is no different from the science fiction writer's burst of inspiration and their vision of a new, possibly utopian world model.
At the least, the imaginative exercise forces one's mind open. To expose one to the presence and humanity of the Other; to redeem oneself from sectarian violence. Chalk out new battle and peace strategies for our ongoing civil war against militancy and injustice. Envision a government that prioritises healthcare, equal socioeconomic opportunities, education and local long-term investment over military spending and concessions to the rich.
Sounds naive, but also marvellous, doesn't it?
I believe it is time for Pakistani educational institutions to start treating science fiction as serious literature. We need to produce science fiction critics, historians, readers and writers. There is ample opportunity in liberal arts and humanities colleges to design curriculums inclusive of science fiction literature, but technical, medical and law colleges should also include introductory science fiction courses to discuss scientific ideas spanning robotics, space exploration, climate change, gender, identity, futurism, implications of a nuclear arms race, world citizenry, transnationalism, dwindling energy and food resources and the wonders of quantum physics.
With the caveat that equal education opportunity is still a dream for most of our populace, we should at least aim to produce holistic Pakistanis. Being educated or literate isn't just learning a text by rote, but being able to connect ideas, fuse different art and science aesthetics into a novel vision of the future, and innovate from that solid platform. In that context, I would also argue that venues like the literary festivals held in Lahore, Islamabad, and Karachi need to up their game and include science fiction/fantastika as a primary colour in their literary rainbow. Writers like Naiyer Masud, Kelly Link, M A Rahat, Ray Bradbury, Ted Chiang, Jeff Vandermeer, Musharraf Ali Farooqi, Mary Robinette Kowal, Vandana Singh, Samuel R Delany, Mazhar Kaleem, A Hameed, and Anil Menon should be discussed and celebrated alongside Hemingway, Mohsin Hamid, Manto, Mumtaz Mufti, Bapsi Sidhwa and other (predominantly) realist writers.
Fandom should be encouraged and science fiction fan and literary conventions organised. It is at such conferences that like will meet like and network to create both art and product. Academic study of science fiction themes and works in both Urdu and English need to be lauded, and, if possible, specialised literary grants, awards, and fellowships for science fiction writers and teachers should be established by both the government and non-profit organisations interested in cultural investment.
In 2013, I met Neil Gaiman at the Clarion West Writers Workshop in Seattle. The author of classics such as Sandman, American Gods and Coraline said something very interesting, which they later wrote in an article for the Guardian: “I was in China in 2007, at the first party-approved science fiction and fantasy convention in Chinese history. And at one point I took a top official aside and asked them why SF [science fiction] had been disapproved of for a long time. What had changed?
It's simple, they told me. The Chinese were brilliant at making things if other people brought them the plans. But they did not innovate and they did not invent. They did not imagine. So they sent a delegation to the US, to Apple, to Microsoft, to Google, and they asked the people there who were inventing the future about themselves. And they found that all of them had read science fiction when they were boys or girls.”
Has a better argument for the importance of imaginative literature ever been made? Perhaps I should ask that of my family teacher.
If you think monks can't be adorable (or furry), well, you're wrong. We present to you Carmelo, the newest, cutest monk of The Franciscan Monastery of Cochabamba, Bolivia.
Carmelo, a stray schnauzer adopted by the monastery, has quickly become a member of the family and even wears their own habit to look the part.
SEE ALSO: Fun dad allows family dog to get a very unfortunate haircut
Facebook user Kasper Mariusz Kaproń Ofm posted photos of the fluffy friar hanging out at their new home with their new friends:
According to fellow friar Jorge Fernandez (pictured above), Carmelo's new life consists of running and playing and they couldn't be happier. All of the brothers in the monastery love them very much.
Carmelo has also been given the formal name Friar Bigotón, which fittingly translates to "Friar Mustache".
Per Catholic tradition, St. Francis of Assisi is the patron saint of animals, so it's only right that this little pup became the monastery's mascot. He's even spreading the love to other animals at their new home:
Fray Carmelo predicando a los peces Posted by Kasper Mariusz Kaproń Ofm on Sunday, February 26, 2017
Carmelo's adoption became possible by local animal rescue group Proyecto Narices Frías (Cold Nose Project). The group wrote on Facebook, "If all the churches in our country take just a puppy and I take care as to Friar Bigoton, we are sure that the parishioners would follow them example."
[H/T: The Dodo]
Update: Sold out
If you don't own a pressure cooker, today's a great day to fix that, as Amazon's knocked the highly-rated Instant Pot IP-DUO60 all the way down to $70, within a buck of an all-time low (from Cyber Monday 2016).
If you're worried that you won't get a ton of use out of this thing, note that in addition to standard pressure cooking, this is also our readers' favorite slow cooker, and one of their favorite rice cookers too. To put a fine point on it: It's one of the most versatile kitchen gadgets you can own. Even if you already have one, I don't need to tell you that these make great gifts, and the holidays are just around the corner.
These Are the Best Rice Cookers There were a ton of nominations in this week's hunt for the best rice cooker, but two stood out… Read more Read
Don't forget your free popcorn!
The UFC's PPV card in Rio de Janeiro this June is all set to feature a lineup for Brazilian MMA stars, but it'll be without it's most marquee attraction. Anderson Silva was set to face Kelvin Gastelum in a bout on the PPV card, but a failed drug test for marijuana and subsequent suspension by the Brazilian MMA Sports Court for saw Gastelum pulled from the card.
That was back in early April, plenty of time to find a replacement for a fight in June, right? Apparently not.
Despite talk of putting together bouts with Luke Rockhold, Yoel Romero, Uriah Hall, and even a Nick Diaz rematch, in a recent live Instagram video, Silva told fans that he's dismantling their camp and that he's not fighting at UFC 212 (translation via MMA Junkie | transcript via UOL).
“I really wanted to fight in Brazil, my country, but it's not going to happen,” Silva said. “I want to apologize for this. I really wanted to fight here, but it didn't happen. I think I was hurt in this, but that's it.”
In a recent interview with the MMA Hour, Silva threatened to retire if they couldn't get an interim title shot with Yoel Romero. UFC president Dana White doubled down on the statement for him, telling the middleweight great that they probably should. What Silva's next move will be is anyone's guess.
A California teacher found guilty of turning their classroom into a private sex den during school hours is now facing six years in prison over the explicit encounters they had with students.
Danielle Matko, a 35-year-old former English teacher at the East Palo Alto Aspire Phoenix Academy, was convicted Tuesday of one count of oral copulation with a minor and three counts of lewd acts with a minor. All of the incidents are believed to have taken place in late 2015 and involved a 15-year-old boy, the San Mateo County District Attorney's Office said.
“Female teachers who commit offenses such as this are fairly few and far between,” San Mateo County Chief Deputy District Attorney Karen Guidotti told the San Jose Mercury News. “But we see it.”
Deliberations were expected to continue on additional charges and accusations regarding another student.
Police said the encounters happened during free periods and after school. Matko was talking with one boy in the classroom when they showed them their breasts and allowed the student to touch them, prosecutors said. They added they then touched the boy sexually.
Prosecutors allege Matko showed another 15-year-old student their breasts in a separate incident. A key piece of evidence was a phone photograph of their naked torso taken by one of the students, which was shared with an attorney who notified police, Guidotti told the Mercury News.
“There was no doubt it was her,” they said.
Matko is facing a six-year sentence and must register as a sex offender. They denied the allegations but did not speak during the trial, while their attorney wasn't immediately available for comment, the Mercury News reported.
Matko was quickly fired by the academy after the allegations surfaced.
Here's a mouthful for you: Starborne is a free-to-play, massively multiplayer, 4X space strategy game where rounds last six months. Such is the ambition of Solid Clouds, an indie studio based in Iceland and headed by designers like Ásgeir Ásgeirsson, EVE Online's former art director, and Hrafnkell Óskarsson, who played a major role in EVE's lore and design.
Solid Clouds wants to fill a perceived void between multiplayer games and 4X strategy games. Inspired by Travian T3, Civilization and Hearthstone, and obviously influenced by EVE Online, they set out to create "the first 3D MMORTS game," a PvP-powered space strategy game with persistent multiplayer campaigns.
Read more: Bad North review
"Starborne actions take real-time," the FAQ reads. "Whether it's mining an asteroid field, spying on your neighbors, attacking your enemies, manufacturing ships or constructing buildings and outposts, everything takes real time … no one wants to wait for thousands of people to finish their turn, so each player's 'turn' is limited by the number of actions they can perform (a number that increases as their empire expands). Once their available actions are depleted, players can log off to return later when their ships have returned and their queues are empty."
Starborne is still early in development so it's tough to pin down exactly, but the gist is this: join an alliance, explore the galaxy, discover resources and complete missions to unlock cards, use those cards to upgrade your character and fleet, and fight against rival alliances over territory.
"Each game of Starborne has a definitive conclusion where a single alliance (or an alliance of alliances) will be declared a winner," the FAQ says of win conditions. "A single game will take around six months to complete. A game of Starborne is an epic long-term political struggle between alliances healthily dotted with conflicts."
In addition to their fleet, players can customize their role within their alliance by choosing one of five classes. Scouts gather intel and sabotage enemy outposts, while industrial players focus on constructing and maintaining structures. Offensive players clear out enemies, defensive players shore up the homefront, and bombers target enemy gunships with pinpoint attacks. Customization is also powered by a card system, but Solid Clouds says Starborne is not a card game.
With Starborne being time-based and free-to-play, Solid Clouds has openly addressed understandable pay-to-win concerns, saying "there will be in-game purchases but, importantly, everything you can buy with real-life currency, you can gain with meaningful in-game activities." The studio added that gating mechanics will prevent players "from advancing solely via purchases." In other words, you can't just pay; you have to play.
Solid Clouds does not yet have a projected release date, though it is slated to hit open beta mid-2018. In the meantime, you can learn more about its upcoming October alpha here.
Microsoft announced its Creators Update during its press event earlier this week, and a fast-paced video has highlighted a number of new changes. While we're expecting to see features like better trackpad gesture control, blue light reduction (like F.lux), and Windows Holographic integration, Microsoft has a whole lot more planned. Brad Sams over at Thurrott.com has surfaced all of the big additions in the Windows 10 Creators Update, and it's safe to say there are some surprising changes.
Action Center
Microsoft is making changes to its notifications center (Action Center) in the Windows 10 Creators Update. Some of the quick actions have been refreshed, but the big change is sliders for both volume and screen brightness. Windows 10 users will welcome this change, as you'll now finally be able to adjust these in smaller increments than the 25 percent levels that are currently offered as quick actions.
Custom Accent colors
If you use a custom color for the Windows taskbar and other UI elements then you're about to get a lot more options. While Windows 10 offers a number of custom accent colors right now, Microsoft is going to provide a picker with advanced options and the ability to preview what your crazy color might look like throughout Windows. It's a nice change that will help people even further customize the look of Windows 10 to match a particular wallpaper or preference. Microsoft also appears to be adding video help manuals into the settings pages of Windows 10.
Themes for Windows 10 in the Store
Microsoft is going to start selling themes for Windows 10 in the Windows Store. As part of the custom accent color options, the software maker is adding a "personalization" section to the Windows Store, complete with collections of themes that are designed to change the appearance of Windows 10. Some of the collections include Minecraft and League of Legends themes, and it's possible these custom themes could extend over to the dashboard for Xbox One consoles.
The People bar
Microsoft demonstrated its new people integration into the Windows 10 taskbar, but this extends into little widgets that let you quickly send Skype or emails to your favorite friends. You'll be able to switch between Skype and Email within the same window, and it will be interesting to see if Microsoft extends this type of app integration to third-party app developers.
Groove Music Maker
Microsoft appears to be working on a separate Groove Music Maker app. It looks a little like Microsoft's Surface Music Kit Remix apps for the Surface cover that it never released broadly. It's clearly a simple-to-use music creation tool that's designed with touch in mind. Judging by the brief demonstration, you'll be able to select riffs from a library, add sounds from different instruments, and alter the BPM and length of tracks easily. It's another example of Microsoft aiming Windows 10 at creators.
Full pen support in Microsoft Word
Based on Microsoft's video, it looks like the company is finally bringing full pen support to Word. Microsoft teased better pen support for Word during its Windows Ink introduction earlier this year, and it looks like it's finally arriving with the Creators Update. You'll be able to manipulate and delete text a lot more easily in apps like Word, and even leave comments on documents in just ink.
Microsoft Edge tab browsing
Microsoft appears to be making some changes to its Edge browser with the Creator Update. Edge has a tab browser option which lets you navigate current tabs by expanding the page-preview option. Microsoft also appears to be working on a session manager for Edge, allowing you to restore tabs from before you rebooted or closed Edge. This will include tabs that were open days or weeks ago.
Windows Defender update
Microsoft is also updating Windows Defender in the Creators Update. Windows Defender currently exists as a classic win32 desktop app in Windows 10, but Microsoft's video appears to show a Defender app that looks a lot like a universal app. If Microsoft does move Defender to the universal platform then it's one more step from preventing the jarring process of having to shift between these modern apps and the old desktop ones for basic settings in Windows 10.
Microsoft's event recapped
GENEVA (Reuters) - “We don't call it the ‘God particle', it's just the media that do that,” a senior U.S. scientist politely told an interviewer on a major European radio station on Tuesday.
“Well, I am the from the media and I'm going to continue calling it that,” said the journalist - and continued to do so.
The exchange, as physicists at the CERN research centre near Geneva were preparing to announce the latest news from their long and frustrating search for the Higgs boson, illustrated sharply how science and the popular media are not always a good mix.
“I hate that ‘God particle' term,” said Pauline Gagnon, a Canadian member of CERN's ATLAS team of so-called “Higgs hunters” - an epithet they do not reject.
“The Higgs is not endowed with any religious meaning. It is ridiculous to call it that,” they told Reuters at a news conference after their colleagues revealed growing evidence, albeit not yet proof, of the particle's existence.
Oliver Buchmueller, from the rival research team CMS, was a little less trenchant.
“Calling it the ‘God particle' is completely inappropriate,” said the German physicist, who divides their time between CERN and teaching at London's Imperial College.
“It's not doing justice to the Higgs and what we think its role in the universe is. It has nothing to do with God.”
The Higgs boson is being hunted so determinedly because it would be the manifestation of an invisible field - the Higgs field - thought to permeate the entire universe.
The field was posited in the 1960s by British scientist Peter Higgs as the way that matter obtained mass after the universe was created in the Big Bang.
As such, according to the theory, it was the agent that made the stars, planets - and life - possible by giving mass to most elementary particles, the building blocks of the universe; hence the nickname “God particle.”
“Without it, or something like it, particles would just have remained whizzing around the universe at the speed of light,” said Pippa Wells, another Atlas researcher.
But Wells also has no time for theological terminology in describing it.
“Hearing it called the ‘God particle' makes me angry. It confuses people about what we are trying to do here at CERN.”
According to people who have investigated the subject, the term originated with a 1993 history of particle physics by U.S. Nobel prize winner Leon M Lederman.
The book was titled: “The God Particle: If the Universe is the Answer, What is the Question?”
Physicists say Lederman, who over the years has been the target of much opprobrium from their scientific colleagues, tells friends they wanted to call the book “The Goddamned Particle” to reflect frustration at the failure to find it.
But, according to that account, their publisher rejected the epithet - possibly because of its potential to upset a strongly religious U.S. public - and convinced Lederman to accept the alternative they proposed.
“Lederman has a lot to answer for,” said Higgs himself, now 82, on a visit to Geneva some six years ago.
But James Gillies, spokesperson for CERN and themselves a physicist, is slightly more equivocal.
“Of course it has nothing to do with God whatsoever,” they say. “But I can understand why people go that way because the Higgs is so important to our understanding of nature.”
Wanxiang Blockchain Labs, a Shanghai-based nonprofit research institution which hosted the first Global Blockchain Summit in Shanghai, is to lead an alliance of 11 regional commodity exchanges, equity exchanges and financial asset exchanges with the aim of creating "an open source blockchain protocol that developers can further build upon in the future" according to Bai Shuo, former chief engineer of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and director of the technology committee for the ChinaLedger Alliance.
The Internet Securities Commission of the Securities Association of China (SAC), an industrial self-regulatory body supervised by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, will act in an advisory capacity with prominent members of the blockchain community, including Jeff Garzik of Bloq, Vitalik Buterin, founder of Ethereum, Tim Swanson from R3 and Anthony Di Iorio, co-founder of Ethereum, acting as advisors.
ChinaLedger will research and develop methods to build "Internet of Everything" applications for organizations in a way that complies with China's unique regulatory environment. The market is estimated to be worth $15 trillion by 2025 according to a Cisco report published in 2013.
The details are not yet fully established, but the aim is to adapt and develop existing blockchain technology to the needs of Chinese businesses and set standards across the industry to ensure regulatory compliance in an environment where regulators are very positive, open and interested in blockchain technology.
It is China's answer to the rapidly moving blockchain scene, using a structure comparable to the Linux Foundation with an open source model intended to grow China's blockchain development community and willing to co-operate with any local or global organization.
Wanxiang Blockchain Labs was instrumental in bringing attention to the opportunities that blockchain technology now offers to China as Chinese organizations have expressed huge interest since the Shanghai Global Blockchain Summit in late 2015.
Blockchain technology "is just starting to explode" in China, Zhao Kui, CEO of Linguo Education, which is planning on exploring blockchain technology, told Bitcoin Magazine . "Hot money is going in" Eric Zhao, from the Chinese Academy of Sciences who closely follows blockchain related developments, told Bitcoin Magazine .
While almost all western global banks are exploring blockchain technology, announcing numerous hackathons and research labs, comparable announcements have been lacking from Chinese counterparts. They are likely, however, to be looking into the technology in private.
"The implementation of blockchain in China is going to be very different from that in the West. In U.S., banks are early adopters. But in China, chances are that it will find its early adoption in non-financial industries," said a Chinese source who used to work in the banking industry, but would rather not be named. A second source agreed, stating they were facing immense pressure from inside financial institutions.
That may be about to change. Jeff Yang , a former developer at IBM now running a startup focusing on smart contract templates deployable on both Ethereum and Hyperledger, told Bitcoin Magazine that "Blockchain is becoming hot in China" and regulators are "welcoming" of blockchain invention, but there is a lack of "real code dev force."
Yang said they are working with a top local Chinese bank, which is interested in using blockchain technology for "real scenarios" such as "interest rate swaps" and is creating a presentation introducing Blockchain's use cases for executives at the Bank of China and China Construction Bank."
It is too early to state how blockchain technology may develop in China, but new blockchain-based companies are being formed almost daily, with interest in blockchain technology increasing considerably since late 2015. Globally, major IT companies, such as Intel, IBM and Cisco, have created a consortium, Hyperledger, with the aim of developing and maintaining an open source protocol for the use of smart contracts in a permissioned way for industrial use.
Meanwhile, R3 recently announced Corda, a blockchain-based protocol for financial applications which is soon to be open sourced. They are now joined by ChinaLedger in what seems to be a global race to utilize the applications of this still very new invention, with a trio of giant banks, huge IT companies and lean startups vying for market share and talent.
The Net Neutrality Rollback and How Skycoin Can Defeat It
In 2015, the FCC instituted net neutrality rules classifying the internet as a public utility. This prevented internet service providers (ISPs) from prioritizing certain websites over others and encouraged a free and open internet where all businesses and individuals could thrive.
Now, under Trump-appointed FCC chairperson Ajit Pai, a vote to slash net neutrality protections is looming. Pai was nominated for a second five-year term on October 2 despite widespread outcry over their agenda. Petitions with tens of thousands of signatures were powerless to prevent this outcome. With Pai in charge, it's only a matter of time before net neutrality is dismantled.
What does an internet without net neutrality look like?
Imagine this: you go online, but you can only see a small set of pre-approved websites backed by a single corporate ISP. You want to stream a movie, but you can't afford the bandwidth. You look for the movie on another service, but you can't legally access it because your ISP bans you. Free sites now have an access charge. Other sites are blocked and vanish from search results. You can't find your friend's blog or contact the small business down the street. Your ISP collects your data and monitors your actions online, controlling everything you see and how you see it – and you can't do a thing about it.
Without net neutrality, the internet no longer belongs to you. It belongs to Them.
This is the world we're about to see. Under Pai, the FCC will almost certainly pursue a course of deregulation that will allow ISPs to throttle websites who can't pay their ransom. From there, it's a short step to censorship and the death of online interaction, art, and innovation.
The non-response to outcry against Pai this summer shows that we can't rely on traditional means to stop the net neutrality rollback. We need a different solution. That's where Skycoin comes in.
Skycoin technology creates an alternative internet. It provides a peer-to-peer network that circumvents ISPs to deliver control back to the user. You can share content freely without throttling, blocking, or censorship. It's fast, private, and encrypted to be maximally secure. Plus, decisions on the Skycoin network are controlled by community consensus, not by corporations looking for a profit.
Peer-to-peer technology doesn't require you to give up your identity and data to access content. Skycoin's network, Skywire, provides a blockchain-based decentralized network where you can browse securely and privately. With Skywire, you own your data and control your own experience. The Skywire “miner” is the backbone of this new internet. This miner lets users earn Skycoins by deploying network nodes, forwarding network traffic, or contributing resources. The Skycoin system incentivizes a free and community-based model whereby users take responsibility for the network's growth and viability. Instead of giving up control to exploitative corporate ISPs, users create their own experience. Skywire is self-sustaining and independent.
The advantages of a free and open internet are clear. With equal access and net-neutral protections in place, users can find the content they want without fear of blocking, surveillance, or legal threats. Smaller businesses can innovate without being smothered. The public benefits from increased transparency on topics ranging from policy to health. Art becomes accessible to a broader demographic, and diverse perspectives can be heard. Users can choose and create their own content, rather than consuming a limited set of corporate products.
Free and open internet is under attack now more than ever. If the FCC doesn't back net neutrality legislation this year, it's up to us to regain control and make sure the internet remains a public resource equally available to everyone.
The Skywire network proves that we don't need to rely on ISPs to explore the internet. Skywire's protocol and custom-built hardware provides a global, decentralized network that's fair and user-centric. With this network, the Skywire community can defeat the FCC's planned rollback of net neutrality and bring the internet back to you and other users where it belongs. We can create a free and open internet for all.
Blog Bug bounties Stealing Facebook access_tokens using CSRF in device login flow written on July 19th, 2016
Facebook has published a way to use OAuth on Internet of Things devices, called Facebook Login for Devices. You can read the documentation here. The usual flow is:
Application requests graph.facebook.com/oauth/device?type=device_code&client_id=1 to retreive a hash code and user_code The application tells the user to go to facebook.com/device and input the user_code The user inputs the code and verifies the application through usual OAuth flow. user_code is then connected to application code. https://www.facebook.com/v2.5/dialog/oauth?redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Fdevice.php%3FuserCode%3D{$user_code}&client_id=1234 This is the mobile version of device login flow - redirect_uri points to a mobile domain. The application can now request graph.facebook.com/oauth/device?type=device_token&client_id=1&code=hash_code to gain the user access_token
The problem lies in step number 3: when user_code is connected to application_code, it is done like so:
https://m.facebook.com/device.php?userCode=$userCode&code=$appCode
As you can see, there is no CSRF protection, so I started building my proof of concept around that:
The attacker requests graph.facebook.com/oauth/device?type=device_code&client_id=1 to get the user_code (abcd) and hash code (4567) Present a page to victim which will load https://www.facebook.com/v2.5/dialog/oauth?redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Fdevice.php%3FuserCode%3Dabcd&client_id=1234 The /dialog/oauth will redirect to https://m.facebook.com/device.php?userCode=abcd&code=aZx... which will succeed The attacker now requests graph.facebook.com/oauth/device?type=device_token&client_id=1&code=4567 to get the access_token of the victim.
To exploit this, attacker would need to know the victim has approved an application which has “Login for Devices” enabled, which makes it fairly hard to abuse - this is a perfect storm vulnerability.
Through further testing, I found out that every app which has “Login from Devices” enabled, and “Web OAuth Login” disabled gets “m.facebook.com/device.php” automagically added as a valid redirect_uri.
Theoretically, if a pre-approved official Facebook application is made for the future iToaster, this bug could have lead to info disclosure on any Facebook account, and perhaps more, depending on the app permissions. It was a long shot, and I found no such application (thanks @phwd for help here).
Facebook has fixed this first by adding a re-confirmation prompt every time you try to use device login, and later by implementing CSRF protection through "state" OAuth parameter:
The timeline:
What draws people to engineering and technology is generally the effort to create the best possible product within a series of technical or physical constraints. That same effort to solve a problem underlies the technology behind a Formula 1 race team, although like a race car, engineering decisions have to happen quickly and there is enough tolerance for risk to make a wild experiment every now and again.
After talking to the Lotus Formula One team last Thursday before the team took second at the Formula 1 US Grand Prix, it honestly seems like the best job in the world. Every two weeks during the season (or sometimes every week), the race team is out testing their hunches on the track after hours of testing in computer simulations. Then on weekends those hunches are tested on a racetrack. The whole effort brings together technologies as diverse as computational fluid dynamics and 3D printing. Even big data gets a day in the sun, although the one lament heard repeatedly was about poor bandwidth.
Advertisement
It seems that while the cars can achieve speeds of 200 miles per hour, the Lotus F1 team has to endure a data rate of just 10 Mbps feeding the servers and exporting that data at the track. That's right, your broadband is probably faster than what these guys buy at the track. When I visited the track last week I was a guest of Avanade, a technical partner of the team. Avanade, a Microsoft consultancy, provides about 20 full-time staff members who work directly with the Lotus team. They are about half of the whole Lotus IT shop, which eats up about 10 percent of the team budget.
Here are a few facts from the Lotus team:
Each car has more than 300 sensors
Every lap those sensors generate and send 25 MB of data
Races last between 50 and 70 laps depending on the track.
The Lotus team uses a proprietary wireless protocol to send data from the car to the race engineers
Those engineers are running simulations that take into account the car's data, the position of the other cars on the track, weather and a variety of other factors to build out its strategy.
Those simulations take about 90 seconds — or the length of a typical lap, and the team wants to get it to 60 seconds so it can make better calls on when to bring a driver in.
About 60 percent of the data generated by the car is used in that race with 40 percent being used later.
As you can see this is a cycle of information generation and reaction that is trying to get as close to real time as possible. When Graeme Hackland, the chief information officer of Lotus F1 team, said their engineers are tracking weather and analytics on how other drivers perform in certain types of weather — using that to make split second calls on whether a driver should come in for a tire change or service — they are really talking in seconds.
Yet, this ignores the other data story happening around F1. In addition to tactical race-day decisions, the Lotus team is also looking to data and high performance computing to build the actual car. And here the interplay between 3D printing and better performing hardware means that the Lotus team can generate a lot more data.
For example, the F1 organization limits each team to 40 teraflops of high performance computing time each week. That used to mean that the team had to choose between time in the wind tunnel testing the physical parts and time simulating the parts. But in the last year it has managed to do the work it used to need 40 teraflops to accomplish in 25, thanks to new chips from Intel (some years it's AMD) and better software.
So for Lotus, the net is now it can run its wind tunnel all the time. That means more data to crunch, and thanks to 3D printing, it can now test more parts to supply even more data that feed back to improving the car. Before the team adopted wide scale 3D printing a few years ago, it made about 600 parts per week and tested them. Now that it uses 3D printed materials and doesn't have to wait for parts to be cast, it tests thousands.
This just-in-time manufacturing isn't just used for test parts, some pieces of the race day vehicle are printed using 3D printers such as the head protection bar on the car, which can take 14 tons of weight on it, and is printed using a titanium powder.
“We don't tell the driver,” joked Patrick Louis, the CEO of the team.
The Nationals opened at home against the Marlins in 2016. (Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
The Washington Nationals will open the 2017 season on April 3 at Nationals Park against the Miami Marlins, meet the Baltimore Orioles in the clubs' four-game Beltway Series in May, and face the entire American League West for their remaining interleague slate, Major League Baseball announced Wednesday.
The date of the opener is subject to change because the league will move one April 3 game to the night of April 2 to complete its triple-header. It'll be the sixth time the Nationals will host their season opener in Washington since the franchise moved to the District in 2005.
The current schedule gives the Nationals an off-day after the April 3 opener, followed by a second game against the Marlins on April 5 before they go to Philadelphia for three games (April 7-9).
Washington and Baltimore will play the first two of their four straight meetings at Camden Yards on May 8 and 9 before the annual series shifts to Nationals Park for the final two games on May 10 and 11.
The Nationals will open their schedule against American League West teams when the Seattle Mariners visit Nationals Park for a three-game series beginning on May 23. Washington will also host the Texas Rangers for a three-game set starting on June 9 and the Los Angeles Angels for two games on Aug. 15 and 16. They visit the Oakland Athletics for a three-game series beginning on June 2, the Angels for two games on July 18 and 19, and the Houston Astros for a three-game set starting on Aug. 22.
The trip to Oakland will be part of a week-long stay in the Bay Area and a nine-game trip to California; Washington will open the trip with three games against the San Francisco Giants May 29-31, have an off-day, play in Oakland, and close the trip with three against the Los Angeles Dodgers June 5-7. It is one of four road trips with at least nine games on the schedule.
The Nationals will host the New York Mets on July 4 and end their season with a four-game series against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Nationals Park.
The latest additions to the list of retired Atlantic basin hurricane names are Erika and Joaquin. Patricia, which became the strongest hurricane on record in either the eastern Pacific or Atlantic Ocean basins, has also been retired from the Eastern Pacific hurricane name list.
The World Meteorological Organization, which provides the name lists for tropical cyclones, announced the changes Monday.
(MORE: Why Hurricanes are Named )
Atlantic and eastern Pacific hurricane and tropical storm name lists repeat every six years, unless one is so destructive and/or deadly that the committee votes to retire that name from future lists.
When the list from 2015 is reused in 2021, Erika and Joaquin will be replaced with Elsa and Julian. The addition of Elsa will enhance the Disney theme in 2021 as Ana is also on the Atlantic list and Olaf appears on the Eastern Pacific list.
Both Erika and Joaquin were impactful storms that will be remembered in the Caribbean and Bahamas for the devastation they caused.
Tropical Storm Erika brought destructive flooding on the Caribbean island of Dominica. In addition to the damage to homes and roads, at least 20 people were killed by the flooding. Dominica's prime minister was quoted saying the flood damage set back their country's developmental progress 20 years.
Hurricane Joaquin struck the Bahamas in early October 2015, becoming the latest Category 4 hurricane or stronger hurricane to impact the Bahamas. A total blackout occurred on three islands in the central Bahamas and Joaquin also contributed to the sinking of the cargo ship, El Faro. In addition, Joaquin helped to enhance moisture over the Southeast which assisted in setting the stage for the catastrophic flooding in South Carolina.
(MORE: 2015 Hurricane Season Recap )
Including Erika and Joaquin, 80 Atlantic tropical cyclone names have been retired since the naming of the Atlantic tropical cyclones ditched the phonetic alphabet in 1953.
Only 20 seasons have not had a name retired, most recently in 2014. Another 22 seasons have had multiple names removed from future use, lead by the record-smashing 2005 hurricane season's five retirees.
Names beginning with the letter "I" lead the retirees with 10, followed by nine "C" storms, then eight "F" storms. Eight of those "I" storms have earned retirement just since 2001, including a four-year streak from 2001 through 2004 (Iris, Isidore, Isabel, Ivan, respectively). Wilma in 2005 is the deepest-in-the-alphabet retiree.
Some names you'll instantly recognize. Others, not so much.
For example, Katrina, Rita and Wilma are the big three you undoubtedly remember from 2005. You may have forgotten about Dennis and Stan, however. Did you know Stan may have been more deadly than Katrina?
The retired Atlantic storms weren't all necessarily intense Category 3, 4 or 5 hurricanes. In fact, a good number of them were retired due to their deadly flooding in the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, or the United States.
(MORE: 75 Percent of U.S. Hurricane Deaths From Water, Not Wind )
Some examples of this include not only 2015's Erika, but also 2013's Ingrid in Mexico, 1996's Hortense in Puerto Rico and 1972's Agnes in the eastern U.S.
Other than Tropical Storm Erika, 2001's Tropical Storm Allison was the only other retiree never to attain hurricane status. Allison was a $9 billion storm and one of the worst floods of record in Houston.
All but two of the 30 costliest mainland U.S. tropical cyclones, including 2011's Irene and 2012's Sandy, have been retired. Every mainland U.S. tropical cyclone since 1953 that has claimed at least 38 lives has also had its name retired.
(MORE: Most Devastating U.S. Hurricanes | Hurricane Central)
Still, there are some storms that arguably should have been retired long ago.
"I'd still like to know why the name Alberto wasn't retired after the disaster in 1994," said senior director of weather communications, Stu Ostro (Wunderblog). Alberto's remnants produced massive flooding in eastern Alabama and western Georgia in early July 1994.
We also made a case in 2013 for retiring of Isaac, after its $2+ billion in damage in the U.S.
MORE ON WEATHER.COM: Atlantic Basin Retired Hurricanes and Tropical Storms
There comes a point in time where we want to improve our website's interface or provide a captivating experience that our users will remember.
We have three main options (from hardest to easiest): write the scripts ourselves, use a JavaScript framework such as jQuery or mootools (which will make coding easier), use a pre-made script that works with existing JavaScript frameworks or that the author has developed from scratch. This article's for the individuals who choose to make things a bit easier and those who don't want to re-invent the wheel.
Here's a collection of 10 powerful –yet easy-to-implement — JavaScript effects to supplement your web page's interface. These were picked using a “bang for your buck” methodology; meaning that these effects were chosen specifically because they provide high-impact effects with very little effort in installing and using them.
Author's note: Title of this article, by request, was changed to reflect the content featured in this list. I apologize for the confusion this may have caused, and better quality control will be implemented in subsequent articles.
1) GreyBox
GreyBox allows you to launch other websites in a modal window (like a pop-up window, but it doesn't open another browser). This is great for when you're linking to multiple websites and don't want the user to navigate away from your web page or to open another browser window that might be blocked by the user's browser. Using GreyBox is easy and involves a 3-step process outlined in the web page.
Here are some key pages regarding GreyBox: Download page, Documentation, Examples, Installation, and Advanced Usage (for the more experienced JavaScript'ers, check this page out for tips on how you can extend the library's functionality).
instant.js effect dynamically adds a Polaroid-like effect to your images (it tilts it and adds a border with a drop shadow), simulating this popular image technique without having to use a digital-image editing application such as Photoshop.
This can be utilized for when you're applying this popular visual technique on multiple images and you don't want to manually edit the pictures yourself (you can probably batch process, but that's really only effective for simple actions such as resizing images, cropping uniformly, etc.).
3) mooTable
mooTable allows you the ability to provide sorting of table data ( without a page refresh) by utilizing the DOM instead of requesting the data again, sorted another way. Implementation is simple, and configuring the sorting of tables is a breeze.
This library needs the mootools framework, which you can download here. You can also find a forum post on the mootools boards by the author of mooTable, with feedback from other mootools developers.
4) FancyForm
FancyFormreplaces boring form controls such as radio buttons and check boxes, with fancier ones. The basic implementation is a two-step process: (1) include JavaScript files on the web page, and (2) assign your form controls the class="checked" or class="unchecked" for checkboxes and class="selected" and class="unselected" for radio buttons. Very unobtrusive JavaScript.
This script needs mootools as well (and was developed for version 1.1).
5) image menu
image menu, developed by phatfusion, is a spiffy horizontal menu that expands when you hover over menu items (such as images).
You can use this for displaying a montage of images that are each partly hidden, but that the user can reveal fully by hovering over it.
This script needs mootools as well (and was developed for version 1.1)
6) AmberJack: Site Tour Creator
Here's a lightweight JavaScript library that allows you to create a scripted website tour, allowing users to visit key web pages in real-time with a small description box on each page.
This allows users to take a tour of the various sections of a website, without them having to view a static demo created in flash or some other method. Extra bonus, you can download various “skins” or even create your own, to match the look and feel of your website. Here's the skins gallery so you may see if they have a theme that doesn't clash with your website.
7) ImageFlow
Inspired by iPod's “coverflow”, ImageFlow is a simple effect that displays a collection of images that the user can scroll there using a scroll bar at the bottom of the image set. Advanced developers can probably modify the slider to spruce it up a bit more.
When the user clicks on an image, it re-directs them to another web page with the image displayed, so an excellent idea would be to use this in conjunction with a modal box script to open the image instead.
Update: Just now, the author of ImageFlow emailed me announcing ImageFlow version 0.9. Check it out here (it fixes the issue of the image opening another browser window when clicked, and it works with Lightbox compatibility). Thanks for the update Finn!
ShadowBox is “a cross-browser, cross-platform, cleanly-coded and fully-documented media viewer application written entirely in JavaScript” (wow that's a mouthful, isn't it?).
What distinguishes shadowbox from the plethora of other modal boxes out there like Lightbox 2, is that it supports other file types besides images, such as a flash video, embedded youtube videos, Apple.com Trailers, and web pages (a log-in page for example, that saves the user a trip to another page just to log on). Worthwhile script to test and play around with.
9) TJPzoom 3 – image magnifier
TJPzoom allows you to zoom in on particular sections of a high-resolution image. Holding down the mouse button and dragging up or down, can decrease or increase the zooming of the image magnifier tool.
One way of utilizing TJPzoom is to scale high-resolution pictures down to fit a web page, and then allow the users to zoom into parts of the image using the magnifier tool.
10) mootools Tips
mootools Tips is part of the mootools framework that allows you to provide a highly configurable way of showing tool tips to the user; when the user hovers over a link or image, additional information about the element appears on the screen.
Some options that you can tweak are the: CSS styles (to make it look different from the default black background and white text), transition speed, style of how the tool tip appears on-screen, and how long you want the tool tip be displayed. This requires the mootools framework.
Tags: Popular
Grace had just been recited at the St. Francis of Assisi dining hall when four uniformed Portland police officers showed up, followed by a film crew from the TV show "COPS."
About 140 homeless and low-income people -- who had come to the Southeast Portland church for a warm meal -- and the dining hall staff were stunned by the cameras and police shortly after 5 p.m. on Sept. 10.
Officers told a dining hall director that they were looking for a homicide suspect. The staff told police the man had been there earlier that day, but had left.
But the officers stayed, and "COPS" continued to film. Police questioned another man in the back of the room and looked at their ID, and even searched in the restrooms.
Pastoral administrator Valerie Chapman said they were disturbed no one had alerted their staff ahead of time that police were bringing along a camera crew, and felt they had violated the church sanctuary.
"This is private property," they said. "For us, it's about the privacy of the people and their dignity in the hall."
As the cameras rolled, Chapman said they asked officers who had given the TV crew permission to film. According to Chapman, an officer said "the woman at the door gave it."
Chapman says nobody was at the door, and no staff members gave the TV crew permission to enter.
"I was sort of dismissed," they said.
Chapman says there's been an unwritten agreement that police will notify staff ahead of time if they're trying to make contact or arrest a person they suspect might be at the dining hall.
In fact, a week later, when the man who was being sought did show up at the hall, Chapman said they alerted officers, and they came and spoke with them outside. They ended up not being arrested.
"That's the way the process is supposed to work," Chapman said. "I guess they do things a little bigger on camera. I don't get it. To be honest. I don't understand any of this. I don't watch 'COPS' TV. "
Assistant Chief Brian Martinek said they reviewed what occurred. They said the four officers and a sergeant had a legitimate reason to be there, but may not have understood how sensitive the police relationship is with the parish, which strives to be a sanctuary to the downtrodden.
"The decision to bring 'COPS' in wasn't the best, in hindsight," Martinek said.
But from their review of the footage, they said, four officers entered and described to a dining hall director why they were there. They said the interaction was casual and relaxed.
"There's no drama to it," Martinek said.
A couple of officers did walk through the dining hall, and asked a man in the back, who police said looked like their suspect, who they are, Martinek said. Another group of officers is outside and looked around the property.
Portland police, who have control over what will "COPS" will air, said the footage from the dining hall will not be aired. Police also declined to let a reporter view it.
Chapman said Central police Capt. Mark Kruger later came to the church and apologized, although it wasn't their officers and they didn't even know about it until afterward, they said. The officers involved were based at North Precinct.
After a further meeting between Chapman and police Thursday, police have agreed, unless they're chasing a violent suspect, to alert Central Precinct command staff and church staff if they're looking for someone at the dining hall and be "as unintrusive as possible."
– Maxine Bernstein
Josh Vela scored their first goal of the season to open the scoring for Bolton
Recently-relegated Bolton made it maximum points from their first three League One games after inflicting a first home defeat in nine months on Bristol Rovers.
The visitors took a sixth-minute lead when Josh Vela's fierce right-footed shot from the corner of the box took a deflection off Stuart Sinclair to wrong-foot Rovers goalkeeper Steve Mildenhall.
And it was 2-0 after 26 minutes. Tom Lockyer was penalised for a foul 25 yards out and Jay Spearing found the top corner to Mildenhall's right with a sweetly-struck free-kick.
Rovers struggled to create a clear first-half chance, despite some neat approach play. But they got back in the game on 57 minutes when Lee Brown's left-footed free-kick from 20 yards was brilliantly tipped onto a post by Mark Howard, only for Ellis Harrison to fire home the rebound.
Having made three attacking substitutions, two of them at half time, Rovers boss Darrell Clarke saw their team almost snatch a point on 86 minutes when Jermaine Easter fired wide from Billy Bodin's pass.
But they were unable to find an equaliser as they lost at the Memorial Stadium for the first time since being beaten by Stevenage on 24 November 2015.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
FAQ
Where can I see the other alternate endings? Some of them are in the books. All of them are in our Patreon Vault.
Why Woohooligan? APhalanxOfPhalusses.com was taken.
How often do you publish comics? As often as I can. I've committed to making comedy 40 hours a week, you know, like a real job. ;) But like any other real job, it's not all glamour and I have to spend a lot of time reading tedious marketing books. You can help me do that less and make more comedy on our Patreon.
You can stay current via the RSS Feed, Comic Rocket, Facebook, DeviantArt or Twitter.
Who do you think you are?! Samuel Isaac Dealey - software engineer, cartoonist, autistic and in general eccentric weirdo. Born and raised in Dallas, Texas. Lived all over.
Trainer Firas Zahabi has been with Georges St. Pierre for years.He knows how hard the UFC welterweight champion works, and in a recent interview with the Sherdog Radio Network's “Cheap Seats” show , Zahabi explained why GSP's preparation can't be sustained for several more years of competition.The trainer also discussed the use of the jab in MMA and more.“I think so because their training camps are not sustainable forever. Their training camps are very difficult. I've done a lot of training camps. I could tell you the energy, time and money and hours spent doing a GSP training camp is ridiculous. It's borderline insane. There's a lot of effort going into preparing them for their fights. Can they live this lifestyle for another four or five years? I don't know. Because it's not a balanced lifestyle. It's not a balanced lifestyle for him.“He's giving up a lot of free time and leisure time and experiences they could be having in life to maintain their title, to maintain this excellence. It's a difficult thing to do. He's going to have to make that choice one fight at a time. Do they want to go through another training camp? Right now at this time, yes, for sure. There's no doubt in my mind they want to do another one, but down the line, two or three more training camps, is they still going to want to do it? That's up to him. Do they still have the fire and the passion? We'll see.”“They always say that. They've been saying that since the B.J. Penn fight at UFC 94. ‘There's nobody else, there's nobody else.' There's always a guy that pops up. Jake Ellenberger looked great, and then there's going to be another guy. There's Demian Maia 's on a win streak. There's always an up-and-comer. You can't forget that every time there's a show, the deck gets shuffled. That's why I don't really believe there's nobody else. Look at Robbie Lawler , for instance. They had a tremendous win. Very impressive win. That guy can hit you with one punch and it's over. Same thing with Jake Ellenberger , same thing with [Johny] Hendricks.“There are so many studs out there. Tomorrow, when you run out of them, the next day you'll find a new guy with a great performance, like Erick Silva , for instance. I'm sure he's going to go on a winning streak. They just lost to Jon Fitch . I wouldn't be surprised if they win three, four fights in a row. I wouldn't be surprised at all. It wouldn't shock me the least bit, and they could become a No. 1 contender. There's always going to be another guy. There are too many good guys out there. I think it's a myth that the division can be cleaned out.”“Everybody kind of thinks they know how to jab, but they really don't. A lot of times you show them the real jabbing mechanics, different types of jabs for different types of situations, and I haven't come across many MMA fighters that are familiar with the system of jabbing. … It's very complex. It's not that simple. When to jab, how to jab, the context. When can you jab without paying for it? Without getting clipped? Without getting countered?“You saw Georges jab [Nick] Diaz beautifully. It was a good punch to keep Diaz on their heels. Diaz, once they get going with two-, three-punch combinations, then it becomes an avalanche of flurries and you can't stop him. Once they get going like that, you can't stop him. Georges used the jab not to even let them get going. They cut them off, just like they did with [Josh] Koscheck. Sometimes the jab is called for, and sometimes it's not. The biggest weakness to a jab is the kick. If a guy's a powerful kicker, it's hard to jab. Like [Carlos] Condit is a little bit harder to jab because they have such a powerful kick. A round kick could beat a jab, but any punch will lose to a jab. If you throw an uppercut and I throw a jab correctly, I'll beat your uppercut. I'll beat your hook. I'll beat your overhand right. If I jab correctly, a jab should cut off any punch.”
Ivan Katchanovski, professor of political science at the University of Ottawa, conducted a study on the massacre perpetrated by snipers on the Maidan square of Kiev in February, 2014.
This document, from a presentation to the American Association of Political Sciences in San Francisco in September 2015, is the first academic study on this event.
It uses rational choice theory and Weber's theory of instrumental rationality to examine the actions of key players from both the Yanukovich government, specifically various police and security forces, and opposition, especially of the extreme right and oligarchic elements, during the massacre.
The paper analyzes a large amount of material available from different sources: about 1500 videos and recordings from the internet and television in different countries (about 150 gigabytes), newsletters and social media messages from a hundred journalists covering the massacre of Kiev, about 5000 photos, and nearly 30 gigabytes of radio interceptions of snipers and commanders of the Alfa unit of the Security Service of Ukraine and Ministry troops of the Interior and finally records of the massacre trial. This study is also based on field research on the massacre site, witness' reports from both camps, the commanders of the special units, the statements made by current and former government officials, approximate estimates of ballistic trajectories , bullets and weapons used and the types of injuries on both sides. This study establishes a specific timetable for the various events of the massacre, the shooters locations and the precise timing and location of the death of nearly 50 protesters.
This university investigation concluded that the massacre was a false flag operation, which was rationally planned and executed with the aim to overthrow the government and seize power.
Ivan Katchanovski teaches at the School of Political Studies at the University of Ottawa. They have been a visiting scholar at the Davis Center for Russian and Eurasian Studies at Harvard University, visiting Assistant Professor in the Department of Political Science at the State University of New York at Potsdam, postdoctoral fellow at the Political Science Department at the University of Toronto and Kluge Postdoctoral Fellow at the Kluge Center at the Library of Congress.
Police and paramedics should be excluded from health and safety laws which could prevent them taking risks to save lives, the Tory peer reviewing the legislation has said.
Lord Young said there were "children dying because of health and safety".
They told the Times that the emergency services were "paid for doing a job that involves risk" and legislation should not be "an excuse for inaction".
The review is also designed to tackle the "growth of compensation culture".
Earlier this week, Lord Young told the BBC they wanted advertisements for personal injury claims firms to be banned.
'Get sense back'
Lord Young told the Times there had been "three instances of police officers standing by watching children drown and not doing anything because of health and safety concerns".
"Well, I'm sorry, that is just wrong and we are going to change it," they said.
They said that under current laws "the firefighters could say they wouldn't go to a fire because it was too dangerous".
"We've just got to get sense back into the system," they added.
Money in the health service should be spent on health Lord Young, On claims for compensation in the NHS
Lord Young told the BBC a "compensation culture" had been allowed to grow up over the past decade, which the previous Labour government had allowed in an effort to "save the legal aid budget".
The peer, who served as a cabinet minister under Margaret Thatcher, said the NHS had paid out £8bn in five years - only a third of which went to claimants, the rest to lawyers and claims companies.
"Now that is really something that should be stopped," they said. "Money in the health service should be spent on health, not on these things."
But unions have warned against attacks on rules that protect staff and lawyers say "compensation culture" is a "myth".
'Saturated' with laws
Muiris Lyons, president of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers, told the BBC: "Our organisation is all about trying to reduce the incidents of injuries and I'm sure there is common ground there [with the review].
"But where people are needlessly injured, through others' fault, they should be able to obtain access to justice."
Last December, Prime Minister David Cameron said the UK had become "saturated" by health and safety laws.
In recent years children had been told to wear goggles to play conkers and trainee hairdressers had been banned from using scissors, they added.
But Labour said the comments were a "caricature" based on "myth and exaggeration".
Lord Young's review is expected to report back some time during the summer.
Stamp!
Kana: 間違ったってyou しょうがない
人間だもの
毎日が最高じゃないはずなの
きっとeverybody同じ分
happy は待ってる
今日がその日じゃないだけ
顔を上げて
煮詰まったってuh 問題ない
もっと強く
グツグツ煮込んでちょうどいいはずなの
シャープでソリッドなだけじゃ
つまんないよ
まん丸のお月様はいつも明るい
ホップ ステップ ジャンプ
2段飛ばしで行くよ
ここからは景気良く OK?
ya ya da da
愛想笑いは good-bye baby
大きく口を開けて smile and more smile
you & me just do it
地球は回るよ ハレルヤ
だからどこまでも歩いていこう
私は ねぇ聞いてよ
ブルーな時
真っ赤なlipで唇 色付けるの
ちょっとしたおまじないで
世界は変わっていくのさ
今だyou アクション起こそうよ
love & peace
ありとあらゆる事は
どこかで繋がってる oh yeah
ya ya da da
涙の分だけ good-bye baby
大きな声で歌おう a favorite song
you & me forever
地球は回るよ ハレルヤ
だから手をつないで歩いていこう
鳴り止まないrhythmに身を任せて
足踏みと弾ける clap clap
ya ya da da
あの日の自分に good-bye baby
大きく息を吸ってalways been this way
you & me I like it, too
地球は回るよ ハレルヤ
だからどこまでも歩いていこう
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be okay
Everything's gonna be alright
Flashback No.5
Kana: 今もフラッシュバック
湧き上がる衝動
クラクラ眩暈 デジャヴ？
中毒性高し空間
匂い立つエモーション Yeah
爆音スピーカー揺らせば そう
1.2.3で高まるcrazyな脳・・・ って本能？
魅せつけて トキハナテ
声枯らし想い叫び続けてる
それがキミの本当の姿でしょう
YEAH！ ！
鳴り止まない鼓動に身を任せて
YEAH！ ！
今は全て忘れて 欲しがるまま
三半規管 高鳴って (oh...)
dan-dan 肌 重なって (oh...)
愛に触れるまで
飛び火のように広がってゆく輪
都合良い罠？＝デジャヴ
乱れた髪もそのままに
踏み込むディストーション Yeah
ミラーボール映すは シルエット
もう一回あつい夢をみせてあげる
今夜は帰さない
知らない自分に出会えたのなら
制御不能 もう癖になっちゃうかもね
YEAH！ ！
鳴り止まない鼓動に身を任せて
YEAH！ ！
今は全て忘れて 記憶の先へ
三半規管 高鳴って (oh...)
gan-gan 期待 高まって (oh...)
愛を止めないで
Sunrise, Sunset 同じ時は来ないから
一瞬 一秒 この目に 焼き付けたい
YEAH！ ！
鳴り止まない鼓動に身を任せて
YEAH！ ！
今は全て忘れて 欲しがるまま
YEAH！ ！
平穏な毎日を色付けたら
YEAH！ ！
誰にも止められない無重力のdance
三半規管 高鳴って (oh...)
三半規管 高鳴って (oh...)
愛を抱きしめて
Machigatta tte you shouganaiNingen da monoMainichi ga saikou ja nai hazu na noKitto everybody onaji bunhappy wa matteruKyou ga sono hi ja nai dakeKao wo ageteNitsumatta tte uh mondainaiMotto tsuyokuGutsugutsu nikonde choudo ii hazu na noShaapu de soriddo na dake jaTsumannai yoManmaru no otsuki-sama wa itsumo akaruiHoppu suteppu janpuNidan tobashi de iku yoKoko kara wa keiki yoku OK?ya ya da daAisowarai wa good-bye babyOokiku kuchi wo akete smile and more smileyou & me just do itChikyuu wa mawaru yo hareruyaDakara dokomademo aruite ikouWatashi wa née kiite yoBuruu na tokiMakka na lip de kuchibiru irozukeru noChotto shita omajinai deSekai wa kawatte yuku no saIma da you akushon okosou yolove & peaceAritoarayuru koto waDokoka de tsunagatteru oh yeahya ya da daNamida no bun dake good-bye babyOoki na koe de utaou a favorite songyou & me foreverChikyuu wa mawaru yo hareruyaDakara te wo tsunaide aruite ikouNari yamanai rizumu ni mi wo makaseteAshibumi to hajikeru clap clapya ya da daAno hi no jibun ni good-bye babyOokiku iki wo sutte always been this wayyou & me I like it, tooChikyuu wa mawaru yo hareruyaDakara dokomademo aruite ikouEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be okayEverything's gonna be alright--------------------------You can't be right all the timeYou're only humanEvery day isn't supposed to be the best one there isThe same amount of happinessIs waiting for everybodyToday's just not that dayKeep your head upIt's no problem when it all boils downSimmering down even more stronglyShould be perfectJust being sharp and solidIs no funThe round moon is always glowingHop, step, jumpTake it two steps at a timeLet's keep this up from here, OK?ya ya da daTo fake smiles, I say good-bye babyOpen your mouth wide; smile and more smileyou & me, just do itThe world is spinning; hallelujahSo let's walk to anywhereHey, listenWhen I'm feelling blueI paint my lips bright redThe world changesWith just a bit of magicWho you are now will start an actionlove & peaceEvery single thingIs connected to each other somewhere; oh yeahya ya da daTo my tears, I say good-bye babySing at the top of your lungs a favorite songyou & me foreverThe world is spinning; hallelujahSo let's walk holding hands to anywhereEntrust your body to the endless rhythmStamp your feet and clap clapya ya da daTo who I was then, I say good-bye babyTake a deep breath in; always been this wayyou & me, I like it, tooThe world is spinning; hallelujahSo let's walk to anywhereEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be alrightEverything's gonna be okayEverything's gonna be alright_____________________________________________________________Ima mo furasshubakkuWakiagaru shoudouKurakura memai dejavu?Chuudokusei takashi kuukanNioi tatsu emooshon YeahBakuon supiikaa yuraseba sou1.2.3 de takamaru crazy na nou...tte honnou?Mise tsukete tokihanateKoe karashi omoi sakebi tsuzuketeruSore ga kimi no hontou no sugata deshouYEAH!!Nari yamanai kodou ni mi wo makaseteYEAH!!Ima wa subete wasurete hoshigaru mamaSanhankikan takanatte (oh...)dan-dan hada kasanatte (oh...)Ai ni fureru madeTobihi no you ni hirogatte yuku waTsugou ii wana? = dejavuMidareta kami wo sono mama niFumikomu disutooshon YeahMiraabooru utsusu wa shiruettoMou ikkai atsui yume wo misete ageruKonya wa kaesanaiShiranai jibun ni deaeta no naraSeigyo funou mou kuse ni nacchau kamo neYEAH!!Nari yamanai kodou ni mi wo makaseteYEAH!!Ima wa subete wasurete kioku no saki eSanhankikan takanatte (oh...)gan-gan kitai takamatte (oh...)Ai wo tomenaideSunrise, Sunset onaji toki wa konai karaIsshun ichibyou kono me ni yakitsuketaiYEAH!!Nari yamanai kodou ni mi wo makaseteYEAH!!Ima wa subete wasurete hoshigaru mamaYEAH!!Heion na mainichi wo irozuketaraYEAH!!Dare ni mo tomerarenai mujuuryoku no danceSanhankikan takanatte (oh...)Sanhankikan takanatte (oh...)Ai wo dakishimete--------------------------You have a flashbackAnd your impulses gush forthDizzy and confused; is this déjà vu?This atmosphere is so addictiveThese emotions are enveloped in scents; yeahIf the blaring speakers start to rock, yesAt 1.2.3 your crazy brain leaps...is it an instinct?Show me and unleash yourselfYou keep shouting out your feelings in a raspy voiceThat's your true selfYEAH!!Entrust your body to the endless beatYEAH!!Keep wishing to forget everythingYour semicircular canals pound (oh...)As your skin overlaps little by littleUntil you feel loveRings spread out like flying sparksIs taking advantage a good trap? = déjà vuMy hair remains dishelvedA distortion breaks out; yeahThe mirror ball reflects your silhouetteI'll show you a hot dream once moreNo one's going home tonightIf you see a new side of yourselfYou might become uncontrollably addictedYEAH!!Entrust your body to the endless beatYEAH!!Forget everything beyond your recollectionYour semicircular canals pound (oh...)And hopes grow noisilyDon't stop loveSunrise, sunset don't come at the same timesSo I want to imprint each moment, each second into these eyesYEAH!!Entrust your body to the endless beatYEAH!!Keep wishing to forget everythingYEAH!!If these peaceful days are colored inYEAH!!This weightless dance can't be stopped by anyoneYour semicircular canals pound (oh...)Your semicircular canals pound (oh...)Embrace love
Skye Gould/Tech Insider There are several things you can do right now to clear up brain fog that makes it hard to keep up with everything you have to get done.
You could go for a run or hit the gym — exercise has been shown to effectively boost cognitive ability. You could get a good night's sleep, something that refreshes energy levels, is essential for memory, and makes it significantly easier to focus. You could have a cup of coffee and benefit from that proven little helper, caffeine.
But sometimes none of that seems like enough. It makes you want an additional solution, a pill that can boost you for long enough to get you over that hump.
While students and overworked employees frequently experiment with substances like Adderall or Ritalin in an attempt to do just that, it hasn't been shown that most of these "cognitive enhancers" actually make anyone's brain work "better."
But there's one substance that a recent review published in the journal European Neuropsychopharmacology found actually does improve attention, memory, learning, and other cognitive abilities — modafinil.
Pharmaceutical cognitive enhancement isn't a new idea. People have used drugs to try to boost their brainpower for more than 100 years. Early in their career in the late 1800s, Sigmund Freud experimented prolifically with cocaine, which they described at the time as their "most gorgeous excitement." Mathematician Paul Erdős had such a serious relationship with amphetamines that when they once stopped taking them for a month to win a $500 bet, they immediately got back on drugs afterwards. They famously told the friend they bet: "You've set mathematics back a month."
synapse on Flickr
Those substances, however, come with significant negative side effects. That's what makes modafinil so interesting.
In their review of the literature on modafinil, Oxford researchers Ruairidh Battleday and Anna-Katherine Brem found that it didn't seem to have any particularly serious side effects and didn't seem likely to cause dependency — though there are still unanswered questions there.
How modafinil affects your brain
Battleday and Brem reviewed 24 studies that assessed how modafinil affected healthy non-sleep deprived people's minds (they considered 267 studies, but rejected those that weren't placebo controlled, used unhealthy subjects, or tested animals and not people). The fact that subjects were healthy is an important distinction — many of the ways we look at drugs that affect thinking ability are designed to assess people with cognitive deficiencies.
Most studies could be broken down into either "basic" or "complex" tests of cognitive function, Brem and Battleday tell Tech Insider.
Basic tests assess just one sub-component of cognition and tend to be very simple tasks. On these tests, the effects of modafinil were mixed. It was on complex tests that the authors found consistent improvement, especially in terms of attention, the ability to focus on a task and process relevant information; learning and memory; and executive function, which includes the ability to take in information and use it to come up with plans or strategies.
Films where characters suddenly gain access to new mental powers take the idea to an extreme, but cognitive enhancement is a real possibility. Universal
These complex tasks are much better ways to answer the question of "does this substance actually improve cognitive ability" than the basic ones, the authors tell Tech Insider.
"Rarely in life do we spend an entire day using a sole cognitive sub-domain - attention, for example. Rather, we constantly plan, predict, and problem solve - all of which involve marshaling subdomains of cognition and integrating their output - over varying tasks and difficulties," they wrote in an email. "It is in this sense that complex tasks can approximate everyday functioning better than simple."
As for how modafinil works, we still really don't know. It was originally designed as a treatment for narcolepsy to keep people awake. But no one is entirely certain how it affects cognition.
Matt Cardy/Getty
"The best idea we have is that by directly altering the concentration of a group of chemicals in the brain - called 'catecholamines' - modafinil upregulates activity in attention and executive control networks in the brain," the authors tell Tech Insider. "These changes are then hypothesized to allow individuals to perform better on cognitive tasks: particularly those requiring good focus and problem-solving."
Can I take it?
So, will your doctor write you a modafinil prescription?
The answer for now is no, unless you have narcolepsy. But that may not always be the case.
When it comes to safety, Brem and Battleday said that the studies they reviewed didn't note serious side effects.
Most studies reported a slight boost to positive mood and no adverse effects. In the studies that found adverse effects, a small number of participants reported insomnia, headache, stomach ache or nausea, and dry mouth.
That may not sound great, but in context, those effects aren't such a big deal. That's essentially like having an extra cup of coffee that you didn't need, UCLA clinical psychiatrist James McGough told The Atlantic's Olga Khazan.
Only one study assessed the potential for abuse, and reported that it was low.
Substances like Adderall have a higher risk of abuse. Alex Dodd/flickr
But none of these studies tested long term use, so we don't know if it's safe for someone to take modafinil over an extended period of time. As the authors point out, most of these studies only tested one single dose, which comes nowhere close to assessing risks of regular use.
Funding is scarce for drugs that help healthy people
Interestingly, Battleday and Brem point out that there isn't much research on cognitive enhancement for healthy people and that there's a lack of funding and perhaps even a bit of a taboo on studying the topic.
"It appears that funding for drug-based studies on healthy individuals fails to attract typically medical-oriented grants and awards," they say.
That's why they say it was hard to find good complex tests of cognitive enhancement, and they hope that perhaps their work will encourage researchers to further investigate the topic.
If that does happen, there may be surprises out there — perhaps some of the other drugs used for cognitive improvement, things like Adderall, work better for healthy people than we think they do despite their potential dependency risks.
But even if modafinil were to be proven safe long term and its cognitive boosting ability affirmed by further studies, there are still reasons why — for now — doctors aren't going to start prescribing it to healthy people.
At the recent annual meeting of the American Medical Association, the group decided to adopt a policy "discouraging the nonmedical use of prescription drugs for cognitive enhancement in healthy individuals."
There's little evidence so far that tells us how effective many other nootropics are or are not. Dylan Love
Of prescription stimulants, they say that the cognitive effects appear limited for healthy people. Of other supplements and "smart drugs," known as nootropics, they say that there's limited research right now and that more analysis is needed before anyone can conclude that they are safe.
So don't expect a modafinil prescription soon. Not that that stops many users. There are healthy internet communities dedicated to nootropics, and plenty of user reports on modafinil specifically.
Most of those users order it off the internet from somewhat-shady pharmacies, a practice strongly discouraged by law enforcement, since it's illegal and potentially dangerous.
Will you someday be able to take the smart pill?
Let's say it turns out that multiple studies show that it's safe to take modafinil occasionally over long periods of time — for the rest of your life, even. Let's say that there are no additional negative side effects that come with that use.
If that's the case, should you be able to use the drug?
"That is a very interesting question, and one society must properly address in the near future; not just for modafinil, but for all potential neuroenhancement agents," say Battleday and Brem. But they point out that even if something proves to be safe for an individual, that doesn't answer all questions about how its use affects the rest of society.
A number of other devices might be able to stimulate the brain as well. REUTERS/ Morris MacMatzen
Some people fear that if we permit any use of cognitive enhancing drugs for individuals, it will eventually lead to people being required to use those substances, even if they don't want to. That could be due to internal pressure that comes from a fear of keeping up — if my co-workers are taking this brain-boosting drug and I'm not, will I be judged as not working hard enough?
There's even a concern that people in certain professions might be compelled to use brain-enhancing substances. Could we get to the point that it's considered unsafe for pilots to fly or surgeons to operate without using focus- and attention-boosting drugs?
In The Conversation, researchers Emma Jane and Nicole Vincent describe how the use of beta-blockers became widespread among classical musicians. While some people first used these drugs to get over performance anxiety, they were so effective and had minimal enough side effects that other musicians felt they were losing out by not using beta-blockers as well.
"Just as the use of beta blockers has become widespread in the classical music scene, so too cognitive enhancement threatens to become a new 'normal', a de facto standard that pressures everyone to bio-hack their brains to keep up," they write.
And the ethical questions don't stop there. There are questions about justice — if wealthy people can easily afford cognitive enhancement but no one else can, that's likely to create an even more unequal society.
Cognitive enhancing substances are already out there and more are likely to become available in the near future. These questions about how to use them or how to regulate them are important.
"This is not a future but already a present scenario," say Brem and Battleday.
Image caption The PCC said it was increasingly being asked to make judgements about the use of social media
Material that is published on Twitter should be considered public and can be published, the Press Complaints Commission (PCC) has ruled.
The decision follows a complaint by a Department of Transport official that the use of their tweets by newspapers constituted an invasion of privacy.
Sarah Baskerville complained to the PCC about articles in the Daily Mail and Independent on Sunday.
The messages included remarks about being hungover at work.
They complained that this information was private and was only meant to be seen by their 700 followers.
Ms Baskerville said they had a clear disclaimer that the views expressed by them on Twitter were personal and not representative of their employer.
The disclaimer currently reads: "Scottish & Sober-ish.. Civil Servant. This is my personal account, personal views. Nothing to do with my employers. What I retweet I may or may not agree with."
Ms Baskerville complained to the press regulator, arguing that they could have a "reasonable expectation" of privacy and that the reporting was misleading.
But the PCC said the potential audience for Ms Baskerville's tweets was much wider than their followers, because each message could be forwarded by others, known as retweeting.
It also agreed with the newspapers' argument that Twitter was publicly accessible and that the complainant had not taken steps to restrict access to their messages and was not publishing material anonymously.
As a result, the commission ruled that the articles did not constitute a breach of privacy.
"This is an important ruling by the commission," said PCC director Stephen Abell.
"As more and more people make use of such social media to publish material related to their lives, the commission is increasingly being asked to make judgements about what can legitimately be described as private information.
"In this case, the commission decided that republication of material by national newspapers, even though it was originally intended for a smaller audience, did not constitute a privacy intrusion."
When they met them in the parking lot, the sight of them jarred them Gone was the dapper, carefully dressed man who had taken them on dates for most of the past year.
They were gaunt, haggard, disheveled and wild-eyed. They wore a borrowed T-shirt and a pair of too-small running shorts. They were barefoot. They had thrown away their shoes, they told her, because they were sure they were bugged by the cops who were following him.
Standing there in Las Cruces, N.M., Danielle Nixon listened as the man who would open fire in a Florida State University library begged them for the wrong kind of help. Myron May said they needed them to rent them a car, so they could slip out of town unnoticed.
By this point, on Oct. 8 — six weeks before May would walk into the Strozier Library on the FSU campus, level a handgun and start shooting, wounding three — May's friends had tried at least three times to get them the care they desperately needed. Every time, they were told, they didn't qualify for that care.
In interviews with the Tampa Bay Times on Friday, May's friends described their frustrations over the past three months with the area's mental health care system, one that couldn't save May despite desperate pleas from loved ones who watched them dissolve into paranoia before their eyes.
"You have to commit a crime to get the help you need. Why isn't it the reverse?" said Kimberly Snagg, a Houston lawyer who described May as one of their best friends. "This could have been avoided. The entire thing."
•••
Six months into their job as a prosecutor in the Dona Ana County District Attorney's Office in New Mexico, May couldn't concentrate.
The 31-year-old had become so distractible, they told their friends, that they had decided to see a psychologist. They emerged from the appointment with prescriptions for an antidepressant and an attention deficit drug, which they took faithfully until, about three weeks later, they suffered a panic attack at work.
When another attack followed a week later, they returned to their psychologist and had their medication adjusted, said Nixon, a doctor. May was on a combination of Wellbutrin and Vyvanse — drugs that, in rare cases, can cause paranoia.
By late summer, May had begun acting strangely, their friends said. They were worried their neighbors were watching him. They heard them talking about them through the walls of their apartment.
It was alarming to their friends, but it was nothing, they said, compared to what was still to come.
•••
May told their friends that the officers at the Las Cruces Police Department laughed at them when they showed up on the morning of Sept. 7 to make a bizarre report: Someone was watching them through a camera hidden in their apartment. And they were hearing voices coming in through the walls as they bathed.
May left the Police Department that day and went to a shooting range, where friends had gathered for a bachelor party.
As they squeezed off rounds at the targets, May seemed agitated, they recalled. They told them they aren't sleeping because of their neighbors' constant spying. Their voices were keeping them up at night, they said. What they really wanted was to get a gun and take revenge on them.
They were ready to buy one that day, they said. Their friends talked them out of it.
•••
Unsettled now, May's friends contacted their psychologist's office. They said they told them that May was paranoid, that they were hearing voices, and that they had talked about buying a gun and getting even with their neighbors.
The psychologist made an appointment with May, they said, met with them for about an hour and then declared them to be fine. Nixon and the others were frustrated.
Not long after that day, May called a friend, a law enforcement officer at a local agency, sounding paralyzed with fear. May was sure that other shoppers were secretly observing him. They were afraid of what they might do to him. They asked their friend to escort them home.
A day or two later, they voluntarily checked themselves into Mesilla Valley Hospital, a mental health center. Finally, their friends thought, they were in a position to get some serious medical care.
•••
They got out four days later. Soon after, on Oct. 5, they were acting more erratic than ever before. Telling no one beforehand, they drove their black Chevy SUV nine hours to Denver. Then they turned around and drove back.
They made frantic phone calls to their friends from the road. The police were on to him, they said. Their hotel room in Denver was bugged, so they had to flee. There were black cars following close behind. They would be a millionaire when they brought to justice the crooked cops who were persecuting him. Stopping for food or sleep was not an option, they said. They drove straight through the night.
•••
Responsible for caring for May's Great Dane, Lil' Bit, during one of May's sudden absences, their friends let themselves into their apartment and found a new pill bottle among their prescriptions, they said.
It was Seroquel, a powerful antipsychotic. The prescriber worked at Mesilla Valley Hospital. Together the friends got on the phone with them and laid out the whole story, describing the voices, the cameras, May's fear of persecution, their desire for a gun, their wish to have revenge.
"She listened and then they ended it by saying, you know, 'I can't really do anything,' " Nixon said. " 'He needs to come back on their own.' "
•••
On Oct. 7, two days after their trip to Colorado, May was driving the streets of Dona Ana County. They pulled into a sheriff's substation and dialed Snagg's number. They told them they couldn't take it; they were turning themselves in. They went to the desk to surrender, but the woman there told them they aren't wanted on any charges. Snagg could hear snippets of the conversation through their cellphone. They said they asked May to hand the woman the phone. Snagg said they told the woman that May was a lawyer in the midst of a severe mental breakdown. "I implored her, please do not let them leave," Snagg said. They asked the woman to detain May, to get them some help. "The response was, 'My child has a program that starts in a few minutes, and it's 4:58, and I don't have time.' " Snagg said.
While Snagg was talking to the woman, May got in their SUV and drove away.
•••
That night, May showed up at Nixon's house uninvited. They were rambling incoherently, according to a police report that describes the incident. Nixon told officers with the Las Cruces Police Department they were afraid for May's safety.
The officers told them they would check on him. But they couldn't find them when they arrived. They knocked on the door to apartment 1403, according to their report.
May lived in 1407.
PORTLAND, Ore. – A 17-year-old boy was shot and killed at Holladay Park in Northeast Portland on Tuesday afternoon, police said.
The suspect fled after the shooting and is still at large, according to Portland police.
Police on Wednesday identified the victim as Shawn Scott Jr. of Vancouver, Wash. Scott was a junior at Union High School, according to an Evergreen Schools spokesperson.
The state medical examiner determined Scott died of a single gunshot wound.
The shooting occurred at about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday at the park across the street from the Lloyd Center Mall.
Dustin Gollyhorn was waiting for the MAX train at a nearby station when they heard the chaos and ran to the scene.
"What I saw was them so I jumped over the wall and ran to them as fast as I could...got my phone out, put it on the ground and I called 911 and put it on speaker and the lady said I had to put compression on their head," Gollyhorn said. "When I saw him, it was really bad. They had a hole in their head."
Police said they believe there were several witnesses who have not spoken to officers. Anyone with information should call Detectives Erik Kammerer or Mark Slater at 503-823-0400.
Crime Stoppers of Oregon is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information that leads to an arrest in any unsolved homicide.
gensouR-1 Senior Member
Join Date: Mar 2014 Age: 21
Quote: Flere821 Originally Posted by
Spoiler for corrections:
-Vertical Square in AW is a ranged attack for some reason -Graphite Edge did get 'defeated', they forfeited after they were effectively the last one standing and was piled by Lotus, Raker, Maiden and Current. Space Stage got everyone else in Green Legion knocked away with no way to propel back, minus those like Pound that actually got reduced to 0HP.-Vertical Square in AW is a ranged attack for some reason
Spoiler for Adding other things (incl SAO spoilers):
-Cobalt & Mangan Blade are metal coloured, not blue, so not limited to CQC moves.
-More teasers that Edge is a version of Kirito, they were used to the Space Stage before anyone else was, and justified it as having played a similar stage before in other games. End of Alicization showed Kirito fighting in space
Edge can deflect bullets back to to the shooter, having done so against Red Rider; a step up from Kirito merely cutting bullets -Lignum is basically a support role, in tree form has nearly no attacking power, has high defence and can transfer Spec.Gauge power to allies so they can spam attacks.-Cobalt & Mangan Blade are metal coloured, not blue, so not limited to CQC moves.-More teasers that Edge is a version of Kirito, they were used to the Space Stage before anyone else was, and justified it as having played a similar stage before in other games. End of Alicization showed Kirito fighting in spaceEdge can deflect bullets back to to the shooter, having done so against Red Rider; a step up from Kirito merely cutting bullets @ gensou-R: After reading the translations:
also moar info:
Spoiler for infodump: Explanation of the Graphite Edge and Territory situation in V18:when the Imperial Palace Raid failed horribly Lotus has several options to pick:
1.Disband NN.
2.Resign from NN and pick a successor .
If they don't do anything Shibuya will be absorbed by the White Legion who is going to attack them.
They chose the first option but before they disbanded NN they decided to negotiate with Grandee to ensure the safety of the Legion members that stayed in Shibuya and the Shibuya territory with Graphite Edge offering themselves up as a hostage.Grandee accepted this and absorbed Shibuya and the non-Element NN members into Great Wall,but they make Lotus promise something they didn't understand at that time:when one day the time of decision comes again,don't run away.
-NN didn't have to pay any compensation points because Edge used their BP as compensation when they joined GW,his points were used to feed Enemies so that other Burst Linkers would gain Extra BP from killing them.
-after the Imperial Palace Raid failed Oscillatory attacked NN with the intention to take their territory and destroy them,they survived the first attack but would fall in the second attack.before OU attempted to attack again 5 seconds before the Territory War between NN and OU begins Lotus gives Shibuya to Grandee and as a result OU was forced to stop its attack on Shibuya as:1.NN doesn't have any territory anymore so the Territory War is invalid 2.OU and GW were still under Non-Agression Pact Treaty,despite this this doesn't stop OU from getting in conflict with GW with them constantly attacking GW(not Territory War) for 3 years with members of the <Seven Dwarfs> constantly joining in.
-it turns out before Graphite Edge joined <Six Armor> were in name only with only 5 seats filled,before Edge joined they were actually <Five Armor>.they only became <Six Armor> for real after Edge joined recently.
-the whole NN vs GW Battle Royale was to show Graphite Edge the strength and will of the current NN which is another condition for the return of the Shibuya Territory.
-the other 2 members of the Triplex(Porcupine and Moose) were members of 1st gen Prominence who didn't get involved in the Prominence civil war and emerged after it had ended to support 2nd gen Prominence,Niko wants to discuss with them about the future of Prominence.
-Pard has 1 Level Up Bonus left after they jumped to Level 8 but has not decided what she's going to choose.she's also feeling the pressure of being a Level 8 Burst Linker which is far greater than they had expected.
-A Transition can happen in the Normal Duel Field if the modes are switched during a Duel,in this case a Single Duel was switched to Battle Royale Mode with the <Twilight> Stage switching to the <Space> Stage.
-the Leonids twin lieutenants nickname is Dualis.
-funny thing about Puppeteer:even though their Duel Avatar is covered with chocolate and their abillities are centered on making them she's actually allergic to them(well more specifically the cocoa in them) if they eat or drinks them.(this is also their Trauma by the way)
-Cobalt and Mangan has a Special Move named <Rangeless Siege On>,which allows them to cut anyone regardless of range depending on how long their swords are stored in their sheath(the same abillity that Heir's Infinity has except theirs is range instead of power)
-The twins agreed to be third party observers in the NN-OU territory war that will take place in Saturday so that they can check the Battle List of any ARS members in OU when NN takes OU's territory.
-Ardor Maiden has a Special Move named <Super Luminal Stroke> which they got when they reached Level 7.
-The Strife's defense got bypassed by Crow and Raker in the Battle Royal by a combination of Crow's continous attacks on it and Raker doing a Gale Thruster boosted dive kick on it(RAAAKEEEER KIIIICK!!!),it's because The Strife soaked up too much damage far beyond its damage storage that it got bypassed and the attack hit Grandee,he was not damaged at all though because their own defence was very high.
-Puppeteer became a Burst Linker 2 years ago.
-the ex-Petit Paquet club activities were making handmade food and they were pretty fond of making them.
Fixed the Strife Part with Flere's correction.Thanks again Flere and sorry for the trouble. Thanks for the correction Flere.also moar info:Fixed the Strife Part with Flere's correction.Thanks again Flere and sorry for the trouble.
FGO:907606408(Full)
Waiting for Sita pickup __________________ Last edited by gensouR-1; 2015-06-26 at 09:04 . Reason: fix
Todd Starnes speaks to Fox News (screen grab)
Fox News contributor and radio host Todd Starnes argued on Monday that Jesus Christ would have been a fan of Clint Eastwood's latest movie, and would tell snipers “well done” when they sent enemies to the “lake of fire.”
During their Monday “American Dispatch” YouTube broadcast, Starnes asserted that the movie “American Sniper” was “driving liberals bonkers.”
According to Starnes, filmmaker Michael Moore was wrong to suggest that Jesus would not “hide on top of a roof and shoot people in the back.”
“I'm no theologian,” Starnes opined. “But I suspect Jesus would tell that God-fearing, red-blooded American sniper, ‘Well done, thou good and faithful servant for dispatching another Godless jihadist to the lake of fire.'”
Starnes said that they longed for the days when Hollywood “stood in solidarity with our fighting men and women.”
“Those days are long gone, and our sweet land of liberty has been soiled by the stinking stench of Michael Moore and Howard Dean and their liberal minions,” they insisted.
(h/t: Mediaite)
The scope of potential criminal charges that may be considered include misconduct in office and involuntary manslaughter
The state of Michigan's inquiry into the Flint water crisis will consider any potential criminal conduct, including involuntary manslaughter, investigators said Tuesday.
Michigan attorney general Bill Schuette and a team of investigators appointed last month to examine Flint's water debacle said they've “hit the ground running” in the investigation.
Water crises like Flint's will continue until the EPA is held accountable | Marsha Coleman-Adebayo & Kevin Berends Read more
“As I've said for some time, to try to capture in words the tragedy of what occurred in Flint, it's almost beyond description,” Schuette said during a roundtable with reporters.
The investigators declined to put a timeline on when the inquiry will be completed, but said the scope of potential criminal charges that may be considered include misconduct in office and involuntary manslaughter.
“If you have a duty and you breach that duty, [and] because of the gross negligence of that breach someone died, and you can show the proximate cause of that death reached to the breach, then you can have involuntary manslaughter,” said Todd Flood, a former county prosecutor. “It's not far-fetched – it happens. We've had that before.”
Flint's water supply was contaminated by lead, after the source of the city's drinking water was switched from Lake Huron to the Flint river in April 2014. Water from the Flint river had for months corroded lead from the inside of water pipes before flowing into thousands of households across the city.
In the intervening 18-month period before the state conceded Flint's drinking water was contaminated, state officials documented a spike of legionnaires' disease in the area surrounding Flint, including nine deaths, but officials haven't concluded the water source was the cause of the increase.
Asked whether Flood was referring to the deaths from legionnaires' when they suggested an involuntary manslaughter charge, a spokesperson said the charge was only hypothetical.
Schuette announced last month that Flood would serve as special counsel in the state's investigation, and former Michigan FBI chief Andrew Arena will also investigate the crisis. Nine full-time investigators were handpicked by the group to examine what happened in Flint, which has rankled residents for nearly two years and has become an issue on the presidential campaign trail. A Democratic presidential debate is scheduled in the city on 6 March.
Deputy chief investigator Ellis Stafford, a Flint native, said they have a personal stake in the crisis.
“I gave a lot of people my word,” they said, adding: “They were in my wedding, they're the godparents of my children. So I'm still going to have to see them. The only thing I'd ask is they give me a chance.”
The US Department of Justice, FBI and Environmental Protection Agency are each conducting separate investigations. Michigan governor Rick Snyder, who has been roundly criticized for their administration's delayed response in addressing the crisis, appointed a task force in December to review the situation. An initial report by the taskforce chiefly blamed the Michigan department of environmental quality, which didn't require Flint to use corrosion control to treat the local river water.
Several federal and state lawsuits have also been filed. Last month, as part of the suits, several state agencies were served a subpoena for all documents related to Flint's drinking water dating back to 2011, including Snyder and their executive staff's emails. The documents are expected to be produced by 1 March, and the state has yet to the challenge the subpoena.
Investigators declined to discuss which officials, if any, have been investigated so far or which documents have been reviewed. Schuette, whose office is both investigating the crisis and representing Snyder in the civil cases, refused on Tuesday to discuss the subpoena and its potential impact to the state's investigation, citing an “ironclad” wall between the investigation and civil lawsuits they say their office has established.
“That is a different side of the conflict,” they said, adding that the civil cases are being handled by the state's chief deputy attorney general.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday, Flint mayor Karen Weaver announced a $55m plan to replace the city's network of lead service lines. The mayor said their proposal will require funding from the Michigan legislature or the US Congress.
“We're going to get rid of these lead pipes one house at a time, one street at a time, one neighborhood at a time, until they're all gone,” Weaver said in a statement Tuesday. “We have to start restoring people's confidence and trust in our city's water supply. We cannot afford to wait any longer.”
Officials from the city of Lansing, which has been involved in a years-long project to remove its lead pipes and is currently assisting Weaver, said the project could be completed in one year under optimal conditions.
“I invite Governor Snyder and their team to pledge their full cooperation to help us get this done,” Weaver said. “And I call on the legislature and Congress to appropriate the necessary funds so we can get started as soon as possible. The people of Flint have already paid with their lives, health and quality of life.”
John Layman writes for Bleeding Cool, on yesterday's story about the Chew writer leaving the upcoming Batman weekly title, Batman Eternal.
So yes, it is true that I am leaving Batman Eternal. I'm writing 4 issues of the first 20, one of which I still have to turn in, and then moving on to solely concentrate on Chew for a while.
People looking for scandal will be sorely disappointed, as my experience working with DC and the Bat-office was an overwhelming positive one. I'm leaving after honoring my commitment to what I said I'd write and leaving on amicable terms, told that I will be welcomed back to the Bat-office when I am ready. This is something I fully intend to someday do.
I agreed to Eternal while I was still on Detective Comics, intending to play off events in Eternal in Detective. If there is one downside, it's that I was taken off Detective to make room for the fantastically talented Booch & Manapul, as part of a month where the entire Bat-universe is being shaken up. I didn't necessarily want to lose Detective, but I watch numbers just like everybody else, and the “standard attrition” slide was there, and after 16 issues, I can't blame DC for wanting to try something new. DC, to their credit, offered me a shot at XX book, and then YY book, but it was never my goal to write a ton of superhero books.
As I was writing my last Detective issues I realized I was saying goodbye to the Bat-characters, and it was hard to get back the focus back I needed to for Eternal. I've said before I'm not a fast writer, and writing nearly two years on Batman means two years of something else I was not writing, and I was getting the urge to do something new. Not to mention prop up my creator-owned book Chew which at issue #40 is no longer the new hot thing, and could use some extra attention going into the final third of its run. Batman will always be around, but Chew has just a couple more years, and I'd be a fool to fuck that up after coming this far.
I took on working on Detective in large part because I'd already worked with Mike Marts before, and was convinced they are the best editor in this business. My time in Batman only cemented these views. As I said, working on Batman was a joy, and that's largely because of Mike Marts and Katie Kubert, not to mention the great artists and friends they teamed me up with, Jay Fabok, Andy Clarke, Scot Eaton, Aaron Lopresti.
There were no creative differences, no drama, no bad experiences, no unreasonable rewrites or capricious changes, during Detective or during my time on Eternal. Tim Seeley, Ray Fawkes, Scott Snyder and James Tynion are super guys and collaborators. It was a tough decision to leave, but it's since proven to be creatively recharge me. Since deciding to leave Eternal I've finished a Chew card game, a Chew crossover, and feel like my brain is now bubbling over with the space that was previously occupied with Bat-stuff. (I wish I could talk about the Chew animation stuff that's being worked on, but not yet…)
So, yeah, that's the story of my leaving Eternal. Batman was great, but as a slow guy more and more I felt like I was spending too much time playing catch-up or keep-up. I want to wake up and face the day looking at a blank word processor page, and discover something new, at least for a while.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Share this article:
The “non-violent” man who admitted vandalizing Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame to protest Trump's alleged mistreatment of women was arrested Thursday.
They were released on bail a few hours later and has a court date scheduled for next month.
James Otis was arrested by Los Angeles Police Department detectives before they got a chance to carry out their plan to hold a 9:30 a.m. news conference Thursday at the site of Trump's star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd. with their attorney, Mieke ter Poorton, and then walk to the LAPD's Hollywood Station to surrender.
They were released about 2:40 p.m. after satisfying their $20,000 bail amount and is due in court in downtown Los Angeles on Nov. 18, according to sheriff's inmate records.
*********(Story continues below)************************
******************************************************
Otis told City News Service after the Wednesday morning attack on the star that their original plan was to remove Trump's entire star, then auction it off in New York on election day and give the proceeds to the nearly one dozen women who allege they were groped or sexually mistreated by Trump. Trump has vehemently denied the allegations.
Otis said they were unable to remove the entire star, because the “stone was like marble” and it “would have taken an hour.” Instead, Otis, armed with a sledgehammer and a pick and dressed in a construction vest and hardhat, defaced the sidewalk monument, removing Trump's brass-colored name and the television logo. The act was caught on video and posted online.
Repairs were already underway on the damaged star.
Hollywood Chamber of Commerce officials moved quickly to repair the star, which was then covered with plastic to protect it. Chamber officials estimated the repair cost at around $2,500.
Otis said the that vandalizing the star took them only a few minutes, and they still hope they can sell the pilfered pieces.
“I'd like to try to go back and try to get the other part of the star,” they said Wednesday morning. “I just don't know how to do that yet.”
Asked about the prospect of arrest, Otis said that “I'm not frightened of jail and I'm certainly not frightened of Mr. Trump.”
“What punishment I get is fine,” they said.
Leron Gubler, president/CEO of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, lashed out at the vandal.
“The Hollywood Walk of Fame is an institution celebrating the positive contributions of the inductees,” Gubler said. “When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California state landmark. Our Democracy is based on respect for the law. People can make a difference by voting and not destroying public property.”
Gubler said the chamber is working with police and intends to seek full prosecution of the culprit — something that would be done for any Walk of Fame star that is vandalized.
Otis told CNS they spent several nights in Hollywood preparing to carry out what they called an act of non-violent protest. They said they have been arrested about two dozen times in the past for protesting various causes.
In this case, however, they acknowledged that an act of vandalism may have crossed the line of non-violence.
“I destroyed the star, but considering the violence that has been committed (by Trump) — I'm a little sad that I had to (damage the star),” they said. “I'm usually always non-violent. It seems in this one instance I broke some stone and marble to make a point.
“I hope Mr. Trump understands that and gets the help they need,” Otis said, suggesting Trump should receive therapy for violence against women. Otis said several members of their own family have been victims of sexual assault.
Trump's Walk of Fame star has been targeted previously, with vandals painting a mute sign with a speaker and a line drawn through it earlier this year, and a street artist erecting a small wall around it this summer, mocking Trump's pledge to build a wall along the U.S.- Mexico border.
— City News Service
Trump star attacker arrested: Walk of Fame shame over Donald's ‘violence' against women was last modified: by
>> Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here!
Follow us:
It's hard to program on the run. Crowded trains, bumpy buses and tiny touch screens don't make for happy coding.
So how do you as an ambitious coder make more productive use of your daily commute? By listening to podcasts about coding!
Here are 5 coding podcasts that will help you stay up-to-date with the rapidly changing field of software engineering. All without taking your eyes off the road.
The Changelog
The Changelog has been going strong since 2009. It features a variety of guests from around the open source world.
The hosts, Adam and Jerod, have very broad technical knowledge. They can come up with thoughtful questions about anything. And they manage to be quite funny in the process, even when they're delving into the more nitty-gritty details of these projects.
Subscribe to The Changelog here.
Software Engineering Daily
The newest podcast on this list, Software Engineering Daily invites some of the most influential developers from world to talk about their projects.
Host Jeff Meyerson is a master interviewer, and does plenty of research before every show. They bring out all kinds of deep thoughts from their guests. They also do a good job of keeping the content accessible enough for listeners who are new to coding.
Subscribe to Software Engineering Daily here.
CodeNewbie
If you're new to coding — or just want to empathize better with your junior developer colleagues — then CodeNewbie is the podcast for you.
Saron Yitbarek brings out humorous stories from a wide variety of coders, with a focus on how they learned (and continue to learn) how to code.
Subscribe to the CodeNewbie Podcast here.
Giant Robots Smashing into Other Giant Robots
Ben Orenstein interviews their colleagues from premier devshop ThoughtBot, along with guests from other areas of development and design.
They don't pull any punches with their interviewees, and isn't afraid to deep-dive into a topic on a whim.
Subscribe to Giant Robots Smashing into Other Giant Robots here.
Software Engineering Radio
Software Engineering Radio is the most technical podcast listed here. It features a variety of hosts, all of whom have strong theoretical foundations in computer science and software engineering.
This podcast doesn't dumb things down, so you'll probably find yourself googling terminology afterward. But it's a great way to get wide exposure to more advanced topics in the field of software development.
Browse episodes of Software Engineering Radio here.
I only write about programming and technology. If you follow me on Twitter I won't waste your time. 👍
There are two types of open source projects: those with corporate sponsorship and those that fall under the “labor of love” category. Actually, there's a third variety: projects that get some support but have to keep looking ahead for the next sponsor.
Some open source projects are so widely used that if anything goes wrong, everyone feels the ripple effects. OpenSSL is one such project; when the Heartbleed flaw was discovered in the open source cryptography library, organizations scrambled to identify and fix all their vulnerable networking devices and software. Network Time Protocol (NTP) arguably plays as critical a role in modern computing, if not more; the open source protocol is used to synchronize clocks on servers and devices to make sure they all have the same time. Yet, the fact remains that NTP is woefully underfunded and undersupported.
NTP is more than 30 years old—it may be the oldest codebase running on the internet. Despite some hiccups, it continues to work well. But the project's future is uncertain because the number of volunteer contributors has shrunk, and there's too much work for one person—principal maintainer Harlan Stenn—to handle. When there is limited support, the project has to pick and choose what tasks it can afford to complete, which slows down maintenance and stifles innovation.
“NTF's NTP project remains severely underfunded,” the project team wrote in a recent security advisory. “Google was unable to sponsor us this year, and currently, the Linux Foundation's Core Internet Initiative only supports Harlan for about 25 percent of their hours per week and is restricted to NTP development only.”
Last year, the Linux Foundation renewed its financial commitment to NTP for another year via the Core Infrastructure Initiative, but it isn't enough.
The absence of a sponsor has a direct impact on the project. One of the vulnerabilities addressed in the recently released ntp-4.2.8p9 update was originally reported to the project back in June. In September, the researcher who discovered the flaw, which could be exploited with a single, malformed packet, asked for a status update because 80 days had passed since their initial report. As the vulnerability had already existed for more than 100 days, Magnus Studman was concerned that more delays gave “people with bad intentions” more chances to also find it.
Stenn's response was blunt. “Reality bites—we remain severely under-resourced for the work that needs to be done. You can yell at us about it, and/or you can work to help us, and/or you can work to get others to help us,” they wrote.
Researchers are reporting security issues, but there aren't enough developers to help Stenn fix them, test the patches, and document the changes. The Linux Foundation's CII support doesn't cover the work on new initiatives, such as the Network Time Security (NTS) and the General Timestamp API, or on standards and best practices work currently underway. The initial support from CII covers “support for developers as well as infrastructure support.”
NTS, currently in draft version with the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), would give administrators a way to add security to NTP, as it would secure time synchronization. The mechanism uses Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS) to provide cryptographic security for NTP. The General Timestamp API would develop a new time-stamp format containing more information than date and time, which would be more useful. The goal is to also develop an efficient and portable library API to use those time stamps.
Open source projects and initiatives struggle to keep going when there isn't enough support, sponsorship, financial aid, and manpower. This is why open source security projects frequently struggle to gain traction among organizations. Organizations don't want to wind up relying on a project when future support is uncertain. In a perfect world, open source projects that are critical parts of core infrastructure should have permanent funding.
NTP is buried so deeply in the infrastructure that practically everyone reaps the project's benefits for free. NTP needs more than simply maintaining the codebase, fixing bugs, and improving the software. Without help, the future of the project remains uncertain. NTP—or the Network Time Foundation established to run the project—should not have to struggle to find corporate sponsors and donors.
“If accurate, secure time is important to you or your organization, help us help you: Donate today or become a member,” NTP's project team wrote.
B.C. Minister of Social Development and Poverty Reduction Shane Simpson says universal affordable childcare is coming to British Columbia, but parents will have to wait for February's provincial budget announcement to see what it will look like.
"It's hard work to put this together," said Simpson during CBC's On the Coast.
"We're taking the time to do it right. It will be a major investment of resources ... The crisis needs to be addressed and we're working on how to do that, and it's not easy."
Simpson's comments come after First Call, a coalition of child and youth advocates, released a report Tuesday showing one in five children in British Columbia live in poverty.
The report shows many of the children come from single-parent households, from families that continue to have the highest poverty rate at nearly 48 per cent.
Since taking power, the B.C. NDP has created an advisory group to develop a poverty reduction plan. The province has also suggested raising the minimum wage in B.C., but has stayed largely silent on their campaign promise of $10-a-day child care.
"The plan was a ten year plan. The plan was put forward by childcare advocates. It was their plan for $10-a-day child care that we've largely adopted," said Simpson.
"I believe that by the time we get it all filled out, you're going to see that kind of child care. Whether it's $10[a day], I'm not 100 per cent certain about that, but that's absolutely what we're gunning for."
In the meantime
Simpson said the immediate issues facing the ministry are creating more child care spaces and ensuring that people with modest incomes — those covered by the report — have access to those spaces financially.
In the meantime, Simpson said British Columbian parents who need affordable child care will need to wait for the government to find a way to phase it in, because currently the resources aren't there to do it this year.
"The child care advocate's plan is about $2.5 billion dollars, by their estimate, for the cost of $10-a-day child care. So we need to figure out how to stage that in because we don't have the resources to do that over night," said Simpson.
Simpson stressed the intersectional nature of the crisis and said many of the factors that have led to so many children living in poverty are being addressed.
They said the government is working hard on creating affordable housing, raising the minimum wage and advancing education and training for British Columbians.
"There's a range of excellent ideas out there and the challenge is going to be how we stage them," said Simpson.
With files from On the Coast
© Josh Sager – January 2014
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was one of the greatest Americans ever to live and an activist who held beliefs that were decades before their time. Through their intense speeches and non-violent protests, Dr. King achieved true change that fundamentally altered the social fabric of this country in a way that has lasted far after their death.
Because of their amazing efforts—and the fact that they were assassinated during those efforts—Dr. King has been honored with their own national holiday, which every American should use to reflect on their message of peace and tolerance.
Probably the most famous speech of Dr. King's was their “I have a Dream” speech, which painted a picture of equality and racial tolerance as the ideal future of the United States—here is an excerpt of the speech:
“I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.” I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.”
In the decades since this speech, immense progress has been made but we are not yet living in a country which exemplifies Dr. King's dream. While black men are no longer being lynched, half of black males are arrested by the age of 23. While overt voting disenfranchisement is no longer politically or socially acceptable, right wing politicians in southern states are still trying to pass laws which indirectly prevent poor and minority voters from having equal access to the polls. While we have an African American president, the average per capita income of African American families is less than 60% of the average per capita income of white families.
In the coming decades, activists will keep fighting the same battle that Dr. King did and, hopefully, we will one day achieve their dream. Until then, there is nothing to do but keep up the fight and never let injustice slide by unchallenged.
The Less-Known Messages of MLK
While virtually every American knows about Dr. King's work on civil rights, comparably fewer have read anything about their extremely commendable work on worker's rights, income equality, and anti-militarism.
Dr. King was an INCREDIBLY progressive man who has quotes on a variety of issues which are still entirely relevant today. In the following section, I will list seven such quotes from Dr. King and give them a modern context:
1) “We must rapidly begin the shift from a “thing-oriented” society to a “person-oriented” society. When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered.”
There is literally nothing to add to this quote that would make it clearer or more accurate. We are living in that “thing-oriented” society today and the three giants are alive, healthy, and growing fat on human suffering.
2) “Every man must decide whether they will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.”
In modern politics, we hear endless debate about the makers and the takers, and how welfare should be cut so that lazy people don't get to mooch off of the productive. These debates have resulted in “compromises” that take SNAP benefits away from needy children, eliminate joblessness benefits for millions, and cut education programs that could reduce poverty.
Unfortunately, altruism is slowly dying in our politics and wealthy minority is exercising their selfishness in a way that not even Dr. King saw—since their murder in 1968, the wealthy have gotten wealthier and everybody else has stagnated.
As Dr. King said, we must choose whether we want to live in a society that embraces greed—where the most wealthy horde their money without helping the less fortunate—or one that embraces altruism—where everybody is given a chance for a decent life, even if they run into some bad luck along the way.
3) “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”
Injustice is toxic and corrosive toward a society in a way that can spread quickly. If intolerance is allowed against any group—regardless of how small a minority—it justifies bigotry as an ideal in a way that makes larger and more violent types of intolerance more likely.
People have the tendency to ignore bigotry that doesn't target them because they think “oh that could never happen to ME; I am a member of the majority and that won't change.” These people don't realize that, bigotry tends to shift over the years and that, one day, they may be on the wrong side of the fence.
In order to prevent a precedent that bigotry is publically acceptable from being set, everybody must fight against bigotry, regardless of whether it affects them directly. To give a few examples: White people must fight injustices that target black people; straight people must fight injustices that target gays; Christians must fight injustices that target Muslims.
If you fail to stand up when some “other” is oppressed, then you may one day be oppressed and realize that nobody is standing up for you.
4) “A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.”
In Dr. King's day, the world was in the middle of a cold war, where two superpowers held the entire planet under fear of a nuclear exchange that could well destroy the planet military spending was eating up resources that could be used funding all manner of social welfare programs (ex. education, food assistance, etc.). Unfortunately, not only did Dr. King not live to see the end of this war, but we, as a people, have also yet to see the end of this over-militarization.
The United States military is larger and better funded than the combined military powers of most of the developed world, yet our national infrastructure and social safety net are decaying. We are still living in the world that Dr. King wanted to change, where we spend more money killing people in foreign countries than we do lifting up our own population.
5) “The labor movement was the principal force that transformed misery and despair into hope and progress. Out of its bold struggles, economic and social reform gave birth to unemployment insurance, old age pensions, government relief for the destitute, and above all new wage levels that meant not mere survival, but a tolerable life. The captains of industry did not lead this transformation; they resisted it until they were overcome. When in the thirties the wave of union organization crested over our nation, it carried to secure shores not only itself but the whole society.”
In recent years, many have retconned the growth years of America to portray private investors and business interests as the forces that grew America into a powerful nation and pulled people out of poverty. These efforts to distort reality are in service of an ideological agenda that would maximize profits by exploiting the workers.
When looking at this quote by Dr. King, I was forcibly reminded of the following graph, tracking union membership and top income levels. As you can clearly see, union membership rises and falls with the percentage of the money that the rich make—the more powerful that unions are, the more that the middle class takes home.
6) “In our glorious fight for civil rights, we must guard against being fooled by false slogans, such as ‘right-to-work.' It provides no ‘rights' and no ‘works.' Its purpose is to destroy labor unions and the freedom of collective bargaining…. We demand this fraud be stopped.”
This quote by Dr. King is just self-explanatory—the entire concept of “right to work” was manufactured to destroy unions through undermining their ability to sustain their membership. Today, numerous states have passed “right to work” legislation and more are looking to start similar pushes.
Whenever you hear about one of these pushes, you should remember that these same people have been trying the very same rhetorical trick for decades. Dr. King wasn't tricked back then, and I hope that you won't be tricked today.
7) “Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.”
Out of the problems that face humankind, probably the largest and worst is humanity's tendency to let out technological powers outstrip our judgment in how to use such advances. Humanity develops next-generation weapons, drugs, and surveillance devices, yet our collective conscience and ability to think rationally still lives in a much younger and less evolved time.
Unfortunately, we have seen this problem become extremely dangerous in recent years due to the development of drone and mass digital surveillance technology. Due to advancing technology, our government now has the ability to easily and remotely spy upon, or even kill, individuals that it deems to be a threat.
Ideally, we would have a legal framework in place that prevents misguided men from utilizing scientific advances to cause harm, but that has yet to be implemented.
8) “I have always been deeply interested in and sympathetic with the total work of the Planned Parenthood Federation,”
While Dr. King was a deeply religious man, they understood the need for women to have access to birth control and contraceptive services. Dr. King believed that the ability to control one's reproductive choices was vital in order to assist poor people in rising out of poverty.
Planned Parenthood has provided contraceptive services, abortions, and general health care for American women—including millions of poor women who would be unable to afford care elsewhere—over decades. Throughout their career in activism, Dr. King supported the efforts of Planned Parenthood and any attempts to claim otherwise are simply wrong.
BONN, Germany, Feb 16 (Reuters) - Russia does not interfere in other countries' interior affairs, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Thursday at the start of their first meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Reporters present at the start of the meeting asked Lavrov to comment on the turmoil in Washington where President Donald Trump sacked a top aide this week over their contacts with Russian officials.
“You should know we do not interfere in the domestic matters of other countries,” Lavrov said.
Trump has railed against “criminal” leaks from U.S. intelligence agencies, some of which apparently showed national security adviser Michael Flynn had had conversations with Russians about sanctions, something they had previously denied.
Lavrov did not elaborate about the situation in Washington, but Russian President Vladimir Putin has said it is in the interests of both nations to restore communications between their intelligence agencies.
Trump has said they hope to rebuild ties with Russia despite reports from U.S. intelligence agencies last year which concluded that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the presidential campaign as part of efforts to tilt the vote in the election in Trump's favor.
Lavrov said the two countries had “plenty of issues” to discuss, many of which had already been raised during a telephone conversation between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Jan. 28.
“I believe that we can discuss and establish the parameters of our future work,” Lavrov said, adding, “Very glad to see you once again.” It was not immediately clear when the two men had met before.
At the meeting, on the sidelines of a G20 foreign ministers meeting in Bonn, reporters were present during Lavrov's opening remarks to Tillerson, the former CEO of Exxon Mobil Corp, but were quickly ushered out when Tillerson began to speak.
“Why do they shoosh them out?” Lavrov asked Tillerson, whose remarks were interrupted when U.S. media handlers asked journalists to leave the meeting room.
Many news outlets have complained about Tillerson's lack of communication with reporters.
Relations with the media came up during a meeting between Tillerson and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.
They talked briefly about Johnson's recent trip to The Gambia and Ghana but did not answer a reporter's question about how changes in Washington would affect the transatlantic alliance.
As reporters left the room, Johnson said: “Are we still being recorded?”
WASHINGTON, D.C. — A memorial dedicated in honor of halfway-finished wars has been approved for placement in the nation's capitol.
The site titled “The Long War Memorial” — featuring troops molded from granite fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan — will be unique in that it will be ambiguous and incomplete, leaving room for additions in future years.
While workers broke ground only recently, the memorial was sanctioned in 2001 as part of the Authorization for Use of Military Force against Al Qaeda “and associated forces.” The clause has been broadly interpreted as giving the president power to wage war against Al Qaeda terrorists in Afghanistan and Pakistan, dictators in Iraq, offshoots of the original terrorists of Afghanistan living in Yemen, loosely-affiliated terrorists of the original terrorists in Afghanistan living in Somalia, and arch-enemies of the original terrorist group in Afghanistan supported by former military officers of the deposed dictator in Iraq who now live in Syria.
James Ritter, the lead architect on the project, said that their strategy for the memorial is to build, mold, and ultimately display a fitting tribute to our nation's heroes. In a press briefing, Ritter displayed a scale model which was about 50 percent complete that looked like it could stand on its own, but might fall apart at any moment.
“For more than a decade our generals and politicians have succeeded in shaping the Middle East and creating a safe and stable platform for democracy to flourish,” Ritter said, though they cautioned that maybe that effort could take just a bit more time, a couple hundred thousand troops, many more years of training Arab armies, trillions of taxpayer dollars, and the backing of the American people.
In addition to statues of soldiers and Marines on the front lines, the memorial plans also include imagery from the Global War on Terror. At its entrance, visitors will be greeted by an interactive hologram of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, programmed to challenge the premise of all questions asked at the site. The memorial will also have a full-size mockup of a combat dining facility, which is slated to be built by Kellogg, Brown, and Root, for a no-bid contract of $4 billion.
The memorial is set to be unveiled in 2018, barring any funding cuts to the project that may arise from planned military campaigns in Jordan, Zambia, and Papua New Guinea.
“I've been waiting for this a long time,” they said of the movie. “I had got to calling ‘Golf in the Kingdom' the world's longest virtual movie, coming soon to a mind near you.”
One reason the film took so long to get made is that the book is close to unfilmable. It's less a novel than a philosophical parable, in which the Murphy character plays an eye-opening round with Shivas; attends a dinner party, probably based on Plato's “Symposium,” where the guests take turns expounding on the meaning of golf; and has a nighttime mystical encounter with Shivas, and while swinging in the dark discovers the importance of their “inner body.”
Photo
It ends with a little coda of speculations about matters like the whiteness of the ball, the holeness of the hole and the importance of becoming one sense-organ. There is hardly any plot, and no love interest. By the end the Murphy character has become so spiritual that they have sworn off sex entirely. The book's popularity among golfers probably has less to do with novelistic elements than with its tantalizing suggestion that there is already a perfect golf swing inside you, if you can just close your eyes and find it.
Mr. Murphy guessed that the absence of a traditional narrative is what thwarted so many filmmakers, and said they knew of some 15 different screenplays that had tried to impose more of a story on their book. In one version the Murphy character is a used-car salesperson in the Bronx who falls in love with Shivas's daughter and winds up a remittance man in Tahiti.
Ms. Affrime, who grew up playing golf, was introduced to the book by Mr. Van Sant and remained eager to film it even when they bowed out. After finally acquiring the rights, which they did by wheedling Warner Brothers, now the owner, they interviewed a number of male directors.
“There were all these guys who said they wanted to make ‘Golf in the Kingdom,' ” they recalled. “They all had their opinions on what it should be, and they all had their own relationship to golf. It became their story, not Michael's.”
Photo
Ms. Streitfeld, whose film “Female Perversions” Ms. Affrime had produced in 1996, was Mr. Murphy's idea, and what they brought to the project was essentially a blank slate. They come from “an extremely tall, nonathletic family,” they said last week (her uncle is Paul Volcker, the 6-foot-7 former chairperson of the Federal Reserve), and saw the book less than a golf story than as a “layering of ancient religions and philosophies and ideas.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Talking about “Golf in the Kingdom,” Ms. Streitfeld sounded like someone who had spent a great deal of quality time with Shivas Irons. They referred to the book not as a novel but as “the material,” and said they had spent years “standing around and listening to it.”
“It was very elusive and mysterious,” they added. “There's so little that's holding you, so little you can grab onto.”
Normally a very methodical director, they more or less improvised “Golf in the Kingdom.” They and the cinematographer, Arturo D. Smith, went to Bandon Dunes with a script but no story board or shot list, and some of the most striking scenes are in parts of the Bandon landscape that don't look Scottish at all.
Photo
“It was a process of all the senses being in relationship to the essence of the material,” they said, and added, “The crew basically wanted to kill us.”
The finished version is nonlinear, jumping forward and flashing back in time. This was not their original intention, Ms. Streitfeld said, but the movie resisted being edited into a traditional form.
“The sense the film had of itself was very, very strong,” they said with Shivas-like wonder, and went on: “The whole thing really was instinctual. I would hope I never do that again.”
Mr. Murphy said that at a certain point during the filming they were “advised to retire to the perimeter of the set,” but they nevertheless highly approves of the movie.
“I've seen it five or six times, and it depends on my mood what my reaction is,” they said. “The second time I had had a couple of glasses of wine and I thought it was hilarious. I said, ‘What have you done?,' and they said, ‘No, it's the same movie.' ”
BOSTON—Truck driver and banjo player Jay "Snapbean" Holcomb was named a "person of interest" by Boston police Tuesday in its investigation of a series of unannounced and boisterous hootenannies responsible for bringing sections of the city to a virtual standstill over the past several weeks.
"Just a few minutes ago, I was on my way to Jamba Juice when I heard a high-lonesome voice yodel 'Hey y'all!'" said Credit Suisse Boston vice president of asset management Stanley Hedges, who reported that their firm has lost more than a thousand man-hours to Holcomb's random acts of old-time quick-steppin'. "Then they started that old banjo to sing; you could hear it talk, you could hear it ring. And as I felt myself start to do-si-do, all I could think was, Not again."
Advertisement
Holcomb, 42, known far and wide for their vigorous rolling style of picking and their good-timey, fast-tempo breakdowns, matches a description given by hundreds of eyewitnesses of an upbeat, banjo-toting, vest-sporting man with a clawhammer style that they must have learned from the Devil himself.
Authorities said that Tuesday's barn-burner claimed over 300 roisterers. Although no actual barns were burned, victims of Holcomb's impromptu celebrations say they are ill-timed and disruptive.
"These constant hootenannings must stop," said Mayor Thomas Menino, an outspoken critic since the front doors of historic Faneuil Hall were taken off their hinges and laid in the street to provide a dancing surface during a particularly spirited jamboree three weeks ago. "They're fine once in a while, like when the city brings in a record harvest, or when the schoolmarm agrees to marry Ol' Doc Blanchett. But a high-steppin' weekday ruckus is unbefittin' to a big, important county seat like Boston, and as mayor, I won't stand for these fool shenanigans."
Advertisement
Though the spontaneous acts of bluegrass have been characterized as "hell-raisin'," they have yet to cause significant injury, aside from damage inflicted on numerous brooms and washtubs converted into bass fiddles, and dozens of pairs of spoons bent while being repurposed as percussive aids. In addition, several clotheslines in the Beacon Hill neighborhood were trodden under by escaped hogs, at least one of which wound up wearing an area resident's best Sunday dress while Bostonians chased it through the already chaotic downtown traffic.
Despite the relatively harmless fun, many peace-loving residents now live in fear of being swept up in the exhausting yet irresistible revels.
"I was already late for work last Monday morning when that smiling fellow started that hootenanny on [Boston Common]," stockbroker Sid Daley said. "It's one thing when infectious banjo music compels you to grab the nearest washboard or empty jug and join along on a Friday night or a Saturday afternoon, but on a Monday morning, when I have meetings? There's a time and a place for letting this kind of deal go down, is all I'm saying."
Advertisement
Holcomb, born and raised in the hill country of Somerville, reportedly has a history of salty-dog-like behavior, beginning in their youth, when they were often reprimanded at school for rowdy folk-music-related behavior. By the time they were 18, Holcomb had joined a local gang of bluegrass boys, and started acting on their pathological hootennanish impulses.
"We think Mr. Holcomb fits the profile of a hootenanny ringleader and has the skills to pull off something even bigger," Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis said. "Wingdings, shindigs, pig pickin's—we're sure he's capable of those, too. They may enlist the help of other banjoists, perhaps even fiddle players, and throw a full-blown hoedown."
"I do declare," added Davis, removing their hat and wiping their brow. "The people of Boston have to be prepared for the absolute gol-durndest."
Share. Hard-to-fit-it-all-in drive. Hard-to-fit-it-all-in drive.
Update: Activision has confirmed the 130GB install estimate, albeait with some clarifications.
In an update to the US version of the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare FAQ, the publisher states: "The estimated storage space required for Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare Remastered (Legacy, Digital Deluxe, or Legacy Pro) is a combined 130 GB."
However, this is described as a "high-end estimate", including both games, their respective Day 1 patches and the six multiplayer maps coming to Modern Warfare Remastered post-launch.
It isn't explicitly mentioned whether this also includes the upcoming PS4 Pro compatibility patch, meaning this could run to a bigger size for some users.
Original story: Those buying the Legacy edition of Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare - the one that also contains Modern Warfare Remastered - will want to start clearing some hard drive space. It looks like combined download size of both games will be 130GB, minimum.
After a French retailer released empty game boxes to pre-orderers, Charlie Intel reports that PS4 editions of the game include the notice:
NEWS: Back of Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition box revealed, says 130 GB space required https://t.co/Tdex3cPSY4 pic.twitter.com/wDl5NETeFk — charlieINTEL.com (@charlieINTEL) October 4, 2016
Given that those with early access to Modern Warfare Remastered are having to set aside 40GB right now, it seems as though Infinite Warfare is the primary concern here, seemingly taking up 90GB alone.
This could be down to its compatibility with the upcoming PS4 Pro, which allows developers to include high-resolution modes to take advantage of the more powerful console - which would likely mean that an Xbox One edition would come in at a smaller size.
It's also unclear whether this download includes the six Modern Warfare Remastered maps that will be made available post-release.
Exit Theatre Mode
This week, we've also discovered that those who bought the physical Legacy edition will need to have the Infinite Warfare disc inserted in order to play Modern Warfare Remastered.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered launch on PS4, Xbox One, and PC on November 4.
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor, and deleting things they like but will never play again makes them feel really weirdly sad. Follow them on Twitter.
There is a place where beaches are made not of sand, but of the skeletons of millions of fish. Luxury yacht clubs are now frequented only by pigeons, vacation homes lay open to the elements and RV camp grounds look more like burial grounds.
Not 60 miles from the fresh golf courses and glitzy hotels of Palm Springs in California, lies the shell of a once-booming resort town. From a distance, like a mirage in the desert, Salton riviera still appears to be a beautiful place, but close up, it is a foul and feculant place.
Conceived as a resort paradise in the 60s and 70s for boaters, water skiers and vacationers, the Salton Seaside was once called the next palm springs, hailed as the American Riviera and a “miracle in the desert”. Vacation homes popped up like cactus blossoms, holidaymakers flooded the beaches and yacht clubs served martinis with views of the sunset.
The Salton Sea is the largest lake in California. It's existence is also a total accident. In 1905, flooding caused the Colorado River to spill over the human-made irrigation canals to pour into what was then known as the Salton Sink– 40 miles of pure desert. It took two years to stop the flooding, by which time the largest lake in California had formed. Half a century later and this desert land had become a holiday paradise. The town's population grew to 15,000 people, with thousands more arriving on weekends. But the paradise would not last …
Vimeo link
What happened to this lush oasis that it now stands eerily silent as an empty waste land of foul smells, abandoned homes and acres of dead fish?
Disaster struck in the 1970s, when masses of fish suddenly died and floated to the surface. What was killing the thousands of fish was quickly identified as agricultural run off from local farms into the Salton Sea. The lake didn't have enough drainage (this was after all, how the body of water was formed) and had no ecosystem to refresh itself.
Here's the science: With all the fertilizers from local farms flowing into the Salton, there was a tremendous growth of algae. And when algae die, it sinks and creates a layer at the bottom of the sea where there's no oxygen. So then we have bacteria that's eating all of this dead organic matter and creating hydrogen sulfide gas.
by Jim Lo Scalzo
Hydrogen sulfide gas is as toxic as cyanide and causes extreme damage to the central nervous system, eventually destroying the ability to breathe. In fact, this is the very same substance that was used as a poison gas in World War I. (Not really ideal for a holiday resort).
The toxic gas killed millions of fish, even up to 7 million at one time. Then the birds that ate the fish also got sick. Residents claimed they could smell and taste the gas in the air.
People stopped coming to the salton sea. Vacation homes were abandoned, resort developments stopped in mid construction. Neighborhoods to be, never were. RVs, boats, spas and yacht clubs, were all left behind. Today where thousands once lived and played, only a few hundred remain in each of the tiny shoreside communities, surrounded by the ruins of vacation homes. Decades after being abandoned, the effects of water, sun and salt, are clear.
The RV power hookups throughout the camping sites are like tombstones to the dead campground.
What looks to be like an old airstream trailer has been exposed to the environment for up to 40-50 years. As soon as a window broke or a crack opened, the environment entered the trailer, and it became food for the environment.
Like the people dribbling away from the toxic sea, the structural elements slowly disappeared from the homes.
Buildings still have some structural frame in place, but there's not much left. Most of the recognizable materials will soon be buried deep beneath the Salton sands (or fish skeletons).
On any given day, you can wander around Salton City without seeing another soul.
Over the years, plans to revitalize the area and rebuild a town to inhabit up to 40,000 were proposed and even approved by government officials, despite the obvious environmental dangers. But more years passed, and the once-glamorous riviera still remains an eerily silent and doomed wasteland.
Ultimately, Salton City will probably go back to being the desert land it once was– with a lot of garbage on it.
Images via J Bennet Fitts, The end of Being, wikimedia
Check out this short documentary on the Salton Riviera featuring some more archival footage and extensive footage of the abandoned resort.
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otIU6Py4K_A&]
:::
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:
.
The Alabama legislature discussed two harmful bills yesterday, both of which would result in government promotion of religion in Alabama public schools
Of course, students already have to the right to engage in voluntary, student initiated prayer and religious expression in public schools, making these bills unnecessary. The bills are also harmful because they push for government sponsored and promoted prayer in the public school classrooms, which is not only unconstitutional, but would lead to many students feeling uncomfortable and excluded because of their beliefs.
House Bill 318
One egregious bill, HB 318, would require public school teachers to recite prayers each morning at the beginning of school. Proponents of this bill have tried to create the illusion of constitutionality by specifying that the prayers must be the same ones recited by the United States Congress.
Using Congressional prayers does not, in fact, make this bill constitutional. A teacher-led prayer in a public school is undoubtedly different than a prayer in a legislative meeting. First, congressional prayers are directed only at the legislators themselves, who are adults, rather than young and impressionable students. Second, the opening prayers of a legislative session typically has an atmosphere where adults are free to enter and leave without notice. Students in a classroom, on the other hand, are a captive audience and legally mandated to attend school.
Even if the teacher's prayer is not specific to any certain religion, it would show government endorsement of religion over non-religion and would almost certainly make some children feel uncomfortable and ostracized if they need to step into the hallway to avoid the prayer. Because it is likely to be found unconstitutional, this bill would inevitably waste taxpayer money with endless lawsuits.
House Bill 281
HB 281 claims to allow religious student expression in public school classrooms, but actually is unnecessary and potentially harmful. Students can already observe their religion as long as it isn't coercive or disrupt the school's educational mission and activities.
HB 281 crosses that line. If passed, it would allow students to use the classroom to proselytize to fellow students. The bill doesn't differentiate between personal observance, which is allowable, and outward promotion and proselytization of religion, which is blatantly unconstitutional.
Again, students are a captive audience required to be in school by law. This bill would inevitably cause certain students to feel like outsiders for what they believe in their very own classroom. A public school is not a place where people should feel coerced into certain beliefs or made to feel uncomfortable if they are a minority religion.
Unfortunately, HB 318 and HB 281 both passed yesterday in the Committee on Education Policy. In fact, HB 318 passed by voice vote even though only two members of the committee voted in favor of the bill. Vivian Beckerle, President of the Americans United Alabama Chapter, submitted letters opposing HB 318 and HB 281 on behalf of AU members of Alabama.
Last week, a few of you alerted me to an article: The moments that make us fat, by CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen. I'm certain Elizabeth Cohen is a nice lady whose intentions are only positive, and yet, this little bit of health-writing fluff has made a whole bunch of people very angry. The story takes form as a collection of scenarios—the “problems”—followed by suggestions for dealing with them—the “solutions”—in ways that, ostensibly, won't make you fat.
Aye, Cap'n, thar be a blockquote on th' horizon:
Think through your day, and you'll see [the moments of fatness], as big and obvious as a hot fudge sundae sitting right in front of you. You've been good all day, and wham, your friends suggest you go to a buffet for dinner; or you've diligently worked out and wham, you end up at a cocktail party with an array of the most killer desserts ever. […] The key is to accept the fact that your willpower will run out at some point, and plan strategies to get you through fattening situations. Here are the top five moments that make you fat, and what you can do to outwit them.
All right. So Cohen proceeds to list “moments” that are pretty broad, and solicits expert advice on how to respond to them, the sum total of which is “eat right and exercise.” Thank the maker someone finally wrote such an article! With Cohen covering the fat waterfront, I feel free to explore an analogous series of moments that we should watch out for—I daresay moments against which we must guard all the more vigilantly, if we are to get through life as kind and thoughtful human beings. I've therefore taken Elizabeth Cohen's headings for their “moments that make us fat” and given them new context. Let's see what happens.
I hereby present: The moments that make us body-policing assholes.
On vacation
The problem: You're saved all year and finally the time has come! You're off the plane and hitting the beach for a well-deserved rest. But wait, what's that? Check out that fat lady in the bikini! Gross! What the hell makes them think they can wear that? What gives them the right to ruin your beach view with their disgusting body? Your initial inclination is to make eye contact with someone else—anyone else—and share a laugh over the fat woman's utter cluelessness.
The solution: Fat ladies save all year for vacation too. Don't waste your energy getting all worked up over someone else's body shape or size, and don't make comments to your neighbor, as you may embarrass the woman, or at least you will make a public display of what an asshole you are. Either admire their courage, or turn to look in another direction.
After a break-up
The problem: You were dumped by your boyfriend, and you've recently spotted them out with a woman whose bra size dwarfs yours by half the alphabet. When a friend asks how you're coping, your first thought is to describe the new girlfriend as a shallow slut with implants larger than their brain, and to surmise that your ex is only using them for sex.
The solution: You don't actually know if those are implants, for one. Furthermore, you don't know that said woman is sexually promiscuous, and even if they are, being promiscuous isn't an appropriate thing to judge a woman for anyway. Women with bodacious proportions have to deal with these assumptions all the time, and you're not helping matters by piling on. Be mad at your piece of shit ex-lover if you want, but leave their new ladyfriend out of it.
A party with fabulous food
The problem: You're on a diet, but your BFF Esmeralda is throwing their annual bash for National Handwriting Day! (This is a real thing; I looked it up.) You get to their apartment and there are writing-implement-themed hors d'oeuvres as far as the eye can see, not to mention vast stretches of sheet cake decorated to look like looseleaf paper. The other guests are digging in, and all you can think about is your diet. Damn, you should tell them about your diet!
The solution: Don't tell them about your diet. Nobody wants to hear about your diet. The sole exception to this rule is other people who are also on diets, who may enjoy commiserating with you about how hungry you both are. Forcing calorie counts and food guilt on people who are having a good time is just rude. Keep your constant internal tally of carbs or calories or “points” to yourself.
Watching TV
The problem: It's Wednesday night, and you know what that means: time for your favorite reality show, Fat Teenaged Pregnant Little People Who Are Getting Married and Didn't Know They Were Pregnant.* You're settled on the couch, but you can't stop thinking about the one-third-full can of Pringles in the kitchen. You're a disgusting pig if you let yourself eat them after 8pm! And now that you think of it, you didn't work nearly hard enough on the elliptical trainer earlier today. Your dimply saddlebag thighs will never be in shape for swimsuit season at this rate, and you'll have to spend another summer refusing to take off your sarong at the beach.
The solution: Eat the Pringles, if you really want them. Your thighs are fine. No, really, no matter what they look like: they're fine. Trust me, you will never lie on your deathbed thinking, “I wish I'd berated myself more for not looking like a photoshopped-to-perfection model in a lingerie ad,” but you might think, “I wish I hadn't wasted so much time worrying about what my thighs look like, when I could have been lying by the ocean and enjoying the sunshine.”
At a buffet, or a restaurant with enormous portions
The problem: You hate this inexpensive buffet restaurant, but your friend—who is a little on the girthy side—absolutely loves it. And you've noticed that a substantial number of the families eating here also tend toward the corpulent. These other patrons always look sloppily dressed to you, and it seems like your friend always takes one more pass at the buffet than you do. Maybe it hasn't occurred to your friend that this restaurant is the source of their fatness! Maybe you should tell her!
The solution: Fat people aren't homogeneously stupid. There are lots of reasons why fat people might be eating at a buffet. For example, given that fatness is more common at lower socioeconomic levels, it's possible that this buffet is a cost-effective means of feeding a family enough for the better part of the day. One of the less likely reasons is that they simply enjoy shoveling unlimited volumes of food into their cavernous maws. If you're curious as to why your friend prefers the restaurant, ask them If you truly hate it, suggest that the two of you trade off choosing where to eat when you see each other. If you really are their friend, you'll be willing to go to their choice of restaurant now and then. Also, if you really are their friend, you don't want to bum them out by forcing them to discuss their body size and eating habits if they don't want to, so don't condemn their favorite buffet or suggest that eating elsewhere might be “healthier” or would lead to weight loss.
In summation, the cardinal rule for avoiding the moments that make us body-policing assholes is: Don't comment on other people's bodies or eating habits, not to them, not to people they know, not to strangers who may be nearby. If it bothered you to hear it said about yourself, don't say it to someone else.
—
Photo
The Well Column Tara Parker-Pope on living well.
The notion that food can be addictive has been debated for some time and largely rejected by both nutrition and addiction researchers. But this spring, the secretary of health, Kathleen Sebelius, said that for some, obesity is “an addiction like smoking.” One month earlier, Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, gave a lecture at Rockefeller University, making the case that food and drug addictions have much in common, particularly in the way that both disrupt the parts of the brain involved in pleasure and self-control.
Princeton University and University of Florida researchers have found that sugar-binging rats show signs of opiatelike withdrawal when their sugar is taken away — including chattering teeth, tremoring forepaws and the shakes. When the rats were allowed to resume eating sugar two weeks later, they pressed the food lever so frantically that they consumed 23 percent more than before. Scientists in California and Italy last year reported that the digestive systems of rats on a fatty liquid diet began producing endocannabinoids, chemicals similar to those produced by marijuana use.
Earlier this year, scientists at the Oregon Research Institute conducted brain-scan studies on children who looked at pictures of chocolate milkshakes and later consumed shakes. Their findings suggest that just as drug abusers and alcoholics need increasingly larger doses over time, children who are regular ice-cream eaters may require more and more ice cream for the reward centers of their brains to indicate that they are satisfied.
Dr. Pamela Peeke, assistant professor at the University of Maryland and author of “The Hunger Fix,” says that meditation and exercise can help engage the brain to overcome food addiction. As a heroin user might rely on methadone to alleviate withdrawal, food addicts, they say, should seek alternatives that still give pleasure — a fruit smoothie, for example, instead of ice cream.
Food addiction seems to be linked to the types of foods we're consuming. Dr. Kelly D. Brownell, director of Yale's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity, notes that the human body is biologically adapted to deal with foods found in nature, not processed foods.
“We don't abuse lettuce, turnips and oranges,” says Dr. Brownell, co-editor of the new book “Food and Addiction.” “But when highly processed food is eaten, the body may go haywire. Nobody abuses corn as far as I know, but when you process it into Cheetos, what happens?”
Dr. David A. Kessler, the former F.D.A. commissioner, described these products as “hyperpalatable” foods created to tantalize our taste buds by focusing on the right combination of salty, sweet and fatty ingredients along with “mouth-feel.”
Dr. Brownell says that the brain science should lead us to question how food companies are manipulating their products to get us hooked. “With these foods, personal will and good judgment get overridden. People want these foods, dream about these foods, crave them.”
Are you addicted to food? Take the Well quiz to find out.
Users of Linux distributions with the latest versions of the Linux kernel and X.org's X Server will in future only be able to use the 2000, 3000 and 4000 series of Radeon HD graphics hardware with open source drivers. This is because version 12.4 of AMD's proprietary Linux graphics driver Catalyst (fglrx) doesn't work with X Server 1.12, which was released in March. Although the recently published beta of Catalyst 12.6 is supposed to fix this, while also supporting Linux kernel 3.3 officially, it was announced in April that this version only works with the Radeon HD models from the 5000, 6000 and 7000 series, which are compatible with DirectX 11. This is the case for both Linux and Windows.
AMD still plans to maintain current drivers for the DirectX 10 cards from the 2000, 3000 and 4000 series as "legacy drivers", updating them approximately every three months. However, it's currently unknown whether this plan applies only to the Windows drivers or also to the Linux drivers, as AMD did not respond to requests for further clarification. In the past, AMD only made small changes to top legacy drivers and normally did not add support for newer X Server versions and kernels; NVIDIA tends to perform such maintanence for a certain amount of time after a driver has been categorised as legacy, but also stops eventually.
With the help of patches released by some developers, the kernel module for Catalyst 12.4 drivers should still be able to be compiled with Linux kernel 3.4; this could be interesting for Fedora 16 users, who will most likely get this kernel as a regular update soon. Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and Linux Mint 13 users who install a newer kernel instead of the included Linux 3.2 could also take advantage of such patches.
However, users of the recently released Fedora 17, which uses X Server 1.12, will no longer be able to get the older Catalyst drivers to do their job; it will be a similar situation for most of the Linux distributions that will be released from now on, since they will use X Server 1.12 and its successors. Additionally, in the mid-term, bigger changes to the kernel will make it increasingly difficult, and eventually impossible, to combine the drivers with new kernel versions in distributions such as Fedora 16, Ubuntu 12.04 and Linux Mint 13. Those using Catalyst 12.4 drivers will then be in a difficult situation when they have another hardware component that requires a driver that is only available in newer kernel versions.
A similar situation occurred in March 2009, when AMD removed support for Radeon graphics chips between 9500 and X1950 from its proprietary graphics driver. As then, AMD is now dropping support for graphics hardware that is still available here and there. The proprietary drivers to which AMD gave legacy status in 2009 did not gain support for newer Linux kernels or X Server versions; this meant that users who did not want to put up with outdated Linux distributions eventually had to switch to open source drivers or change their graphics hardware.
The situation is not as tragic this time, since the open source drivers for Radeon HD series 2000, 3000 and 4000 are much more developed than they were for the X1000 series in the spring of 2009, thanks mostly to AMD, which has been spurring development of open source drivers for its own graphics chips since 2008. Users will still see a difference, however, since the open source drivers can't quite keep up with the proprietary drivers. While the former do support 3D acceleration for all Radeon DirectX 10 chips and many of AMD's newer graphics chips, the proprietary drivers often deliver much better 3D performance. In addition, many graphics chips with the Catalyst drivers use less power, thereby reducing the amount of power required, for example, on notebook computers, where battery life is an important factor.
(crve)
The RIAA is continuing to put pressure on torrent sites. This week the music group went after the torrent indexer TorrentHound. The RIAA obtained a subpoena at the U.S. District Court of Columbia and has asked the whois privacy service WhoisGuard to hand over the IP-address, email and all other identifying information related to the account holder.
While the RIAA has a track record of going after individual file-sharers and services such as LimeWire, the music industry has never targeted any file-sharing sites.
Despite this lack of action, the RIAA sees BitTorrent sites as the main source of music piracy. In their most recent submission to the US Trade Representative (USTR) last November, they claimed BitTorrent “is responsible for approximately 50% of the industry's global P2P piracy problem.”
One of the sites reported to the USTR is TorrentHound, and this week the RIAA put the wheels in motion to find out who is operating the torrent site. The music group obtained a subpoena from the U.S. District Court of Columbia and has ordered Namecheap's WhoisGuard service to hand over all identifying information they have on the owner of the domain.
“We believe your service is hosting the above-referenced domain name on its network. This website associated with this domain name offers direct links to files containing sound recordings for other users to download by such artists as Lady Gaga, Michael Jackson, Coldplay, Madonna and Kanye West,” the RIAA writes in a letter to Whoisguard.com.
“As stated in the attached subpoena, you are required to disclose to the RIAA information sufficient to identify the infringer. This would include the individual's IP-address and e-mail address,” the RIAA adds.
Interestingly, the identification request is not for the actual torrent site TorrentHound.com, which is registered through Katz, but for TorrentHound.net. The latter domain redirected to the .com site in the past, but it currently points to an entirely different site.
Despite the non-infringing nature of TorrentHound.net, WhoisGuard is expected to hand over the domain owner's details.
In their Service Agreement they specifically mention that all personal information will be revealed when it's “necessary to comply with any applicable laws, government rules or requirements, subpoenas, court orders or requests of law enforcement.”
The question remains, however, what the RIAA is planning to do with the information. Are they preparing to strike on torrent sites in the US? Last summer the music group also requested the personal information of the domain owners of three other torrent sites – LimeTorrents, BitSnoop and Monova – but thus far no notable action has been taken against the owners.
TorrentFreak contacted the RIAA for a comment, but we have yet to receive a response.
Brian St. Pierre, a 31 year old quarterback with five career pass attempts that was out of the NFL until two weeks ago, will start for the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
John Fox announced the decision to a somewhat stunned Panthers press corps.
“This is not a joke,” Darin Gantt of the Rock Hill Herald wrote on Twitter. “This move is impossible to justify. Fox offered “it is what it is.” Seen a lot of crazy stuff here over the years. Nothing quite like this.
It's a little like when the team brought back Vinny Testeverde to start, except Testaverde had a very long track record of success. St. Pierre was chosen over sixth-round rookie Tony Pike.
From an outsider's perspective, it doesn't seem so crazy in the context of this deeply depressing Panthers season. Jimmy Clausen is apparently out. Is Pike the quarterback of the future? No way. If St. Pierre gives the team a better chance to win against a veteran Ravens team, it's only fair to the other 52 Panthers to play them this week.
UPDATE: Terrell Suggs was asked what they know about St. Pierre by WNST: “I know how to get after their ass.”
Dirk Koetter is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' new head coach, or about to be at least. That means the Bucs will almost certainly retain most of the offensive coach, if not all of it -- even though most of the hires were Lovie Smith's and came in before Koetter did last year. The big changes are going to have to come on defense: the Bucs fired or let the contracts expire of the entire defensive coaching staff, except for linebackers coach Hardy Nickerson and defensive line coach Joe Cullen.
Koetter's first big move will be finding a defensive coordinator to revamp the defense and finalize the defensive coaching staff. Mike Smith is the only name we've heard as a possible candidate, which makes sense: they were the Falcons' head coach when Koetter was the offensive coordinator in Atlanta, and the two worked together in Jacksonville in 2007, so the two have a history together. Smith also runs a 4-3 defense, albeit one with more 3-4 influences than most -- they had Mike Nolan install essentially a hybrid defense during the final three years in Atlanta. Smith could also help Koetter adjust to being an NFL head coach, given their own success in that role, while having the network necessary to bring in quality defensive assistants.
Mike Nolan themselves might also be a candidate given Koetter's history, while Jim Schwartz is available as an experienced 4-3 coordinator. Koetter worked with Mel Tucker in Jacksonville too. Tucker's currently Georgia's defensive coordinator after winning a national title as Alabama's defensive backs coach.
Regardless of who Koetter decides on as their defensive coordinator, though, this hire will be absolutely essential. The Bucs have been a defensive-minded organization whenever they've been successful, though that's going to change with Koetter in charge and Jameis Winston running a very promising offense. But defense is still crucial, and the Bucs have a number of talented players alongside a slew of needs in the secondary and at defensive end. Finding a coach who can turn that side of the ball into a contributor rather than a liability will be essential for a potential playoff run in 2016.
And make no mistake: the expectation for the Bucs next season will be a playoff spot. That, after all, is why they fired Lovie Smith in the first place.
SWTOR Upcoming Items from Patch 5.0 V3
A list and gallery of the upcoming cartel market items from Patch 5.0 V3.
This list contains some of the remaining items for the Eternal Command Pack as well as some items that will be available for direct purchase from the Cartel Market.
See previous posts on 5.0 packs
Armor
Battle-Hardened Apprentice's Armor Set – Silver (Eternal Command)
Imperial Bastion's Armor Set – Direct Purchase
A fearsome set of armor, forged on Dromund Kaas and designed to intimidate opponents on and off the battlefield.
Jedi Survivalist's Armor Set – Direct Purchase
Seek the mysteries of the Force with an armor set built to endure the galaxy's harshest climates
Relentless Insurgent's Armor Set – Direct Purchase
The well-worn armor of a rebel who knew giving up was never an option
Horizon Guard Armor
Mount
Czerka Spade – Bronze (Eternal Command)
Rendili Guardian – Bronze (Eternal Command)
Morlinger Phantom – Silver (Eternal Command)
Phalone Savage – Gold (Eternal Command)
Command Corsair – Direct Purchase
A custom speeder, specially designed for the Alliance Commander. The only way to ride into battle
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Royal Fyrnock – Direct Purchase
A vicious nocturnal predator, trained to submit only to its chosen master
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Scorched Dewback – Direct Purchase
A mutant strain of the Tatooine reptile. Prized for their colorful hide, feared for their vicious temperament
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Unknown Mount
Weapons
Unstable Peacemaker's Dualsaber – Platinum
Unstable Peacemaker's Lightsaber – Platinum
Misc
Creature Companion: Tuk'ata – Direct Purchase
Acquire a savage new companion, the Tuk'ata! This ferocious beast can be unlocked by Players level 10 or higher and is available to all Character Classes
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Pet: Ember Akk Dog – Direct Purchase
Summon a friendly Ember Akk Dog to follow you and observe your adventures
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Pet: Woodland Mewvorr – Direct Purchase
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Violet Corona Color Crystal – Direct Purchase
This item is exclusive to the Cartel Market
Unknown
Life Day Items
Decorations
Gallery View: http://tord.mmo-fashion.com/category/database/source/cartel-market/packs/command-packs/eternal-command-pack/
With Hillary Clinton the clear favourite to be the Democratic nominee in the presidential campaign, some commentators are questioning whether their gender is eclipsing them politics.
"I intend to vote with my vagina," writes Kate Harding in Dame Magazine. "There are other reasons why I'm ready for Hillary, but even if there weren't, I would probably still vote for them just because she's a woman."
Harding acknowledges that their viewpoint is contentious, and that women who indicate that gender is a factor in their support for a candidate are often scolded for engaging in identity politics – "as though white men haven't been doing just that with their presidential votes since 1789".
But they say "what's illogical and ill-considered is not my 'vagina vote', but the ludicrous notion that 226 years of male rule have somehow left us in a position where gender is immaterial."
When Hillary Clinton ran in the 2008 presidential primaries, they fought hard to be seen as more than just a female candidate, telling voters that they aren't "running as a woman."
But this time around, Clinton has put gender at the forefront of their campaign, promising to safeguard women's rights and asking voters: "Don't you someday want to see a woman president of the United States of America?"
Harding's critics argue that voters should be focusing on Clinton's credentials instead of their gender, and that voting for a woman just because they are a woman is devaluing and patronising. Libertarian blogger Brendan O'Neill argues that women who vote for Clinton because of their gender "are setting back feminism a hundred years".
Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby agrees. "Of course a woman could be president," they write. "But no one should become president because she's a woman."
They argue that of all the qualifications to seek in a president, few could be more irrelevant to the job than a person's genitalia. "Whether the leader of the free world is equipped with the anatomical parts of a male or of a female is of infinitely less significance than whether that leader is equipped with integrity and sound judgment, with respect for facts and loyalty to the Constitution," says Jacoby.
Gender equality isn't just about having a woman in the White House, but about wanting women to have the same freedoms, choices and opportunities, says journalist Allison Hantchel. "And that means an equal opportunity to be judged by our actions and our beliefs, not our gender."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Now that women can serve in combat roles in the US military, the number of female veterans is expected to climb in the coming years—and most of them will turn to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care. A new report by the Government Accountability Office raises some serious doubts as to whether the VA is fully prepared to handle this influx of female patients.
The GAO stressed its concern about the VA's shortage of gynecologists and doctors equipped to provide sex-specific care like breast exams to female vets, a problem I reported in February. Almost one-third of VA medical centers and health care systems did not have an on-site gynecologist on staff at the end of the 2015 fiscal year, and about 17 percent of its community-based outpatient centers lacked a primary care doctor trained in women's issues. These shortages mean the VA Department “may face challenges ensuring that all women veterans have timely access to these providers,” the GAO wrote.
When women's care providers aren't available at VA facilities, vets can get approval to seek treatment at non-VA facilities. But the GAO found that in some regions of the country, it's hard for women to find gynecologists or obstetricians in a timely manner: In one case, it took a woman about three months to get a prenatal appointment after finding out they were pregnant, and by that time they were 18 weeks pregnant.
As part of its investigation, the GAO also visited six VA medical centers across the country to see whether they were complying with the Veterans Health Administration's own standards about privacy for female patients. Investigators observed 155 violations: At a third of 40 check-in stations examined, it was possible for people in the waiting room to hear patients checking in; at a third of the medical centers' outpatient clinics, it was possible to hear conversations from the hallway between a patient and a doctor in an exam room; and in a quarter of outpatient clinics, at least one exam room lacked a privacy curtain for patients who need to change their clothes. (Investigators also found that in more than half of 69 women's restrooms inspected, there were no sanitary napkins or tampons provided.)
The VA still has significant problems ensuring that its facilities are equipped “to protect the privacy, safety, and dignity of women veterans when they receive care.”
VA medical centers are required to conduct internal inspections and report violations to the Veterans Health Administration's central office, but according to the GAO, 152 of the 155 violations were never reported. In conclusion, it wrote that the VA Department still has significant problems making sure its facilities are equipped “to protect the privacy, safety, and dignity of women veterans when they receive care.” Responding to these findings, the VA Department pledged to improve its process.
To be fair, the Veterans Health Administration has been working in recent years to shore up its medical services for female vets, in part by creating women's health centers. From 2014 to 2015, it trained hundreds of its own primary care doctors in sex-specific procedures like pap smears and breast exams. Women are the fastest-growing subpopulation of veterans, according to the VA Department. In 2016, almost 10 percent of veterans were women, and by 2043 that number is expected to climb to about 17 percent.
No, the port of Astoria is not suddenly advertising a dozen simultaneous door crasher sales.
Instead, it has come up with a unique and colourful way to deal with the town's sealion infestation: by installing a series of wacky-waving-inflatable-arm-flailing tube men – also known as air dancers – along piers and wharves that were overrun by sea lions.
“It's [gone] about as anticipated,” Rob Evert of the Port of Astoria told KOIN News. “We know that were would be initial surprise and random movement and the bright colours we know actually deters the sea lions.”
READ MORE: Police killing of rancher in Oregon standoff justified, says prosecutor
Situated at the mouth of the Columbia River, the port of Astoria serves as a natural place for sea lions to hunt migrating salmon.
According to port officials, the presence of as many as 2,500 sea lions is clogging up port facilities and causing as much as $150,000 in damages each year.
WATCH: Mass of Sea Lions prove difficult to dislodge in one Oregon town
This isn't the first outside-the-box strategy the city has employed to try to discourage the mass of sea lions. Previous attempts included a fake orca designed to scare them off (it sunk), throwing beach balls and plastic streamers at the sea lions (they ignored them), and plastic fences.
READ MORE: Kelowna's cutest new RCMP member
Not everyone in the town supports the plan to discourage the sea lions. Vanessa Montoya with The Sea Lion Defense League argues the town offsets any losses in damages with the revenue brought in by tourists curious to see the sea lion mass migration.
“These guys are such a huge draw for tourists and we have 24 cruise ships coming to town,” Montoya told KOIN News.
For now, the tube men appear to be working, though port officials are waiting to see if the change is permanent.
Some might be surprised that Iran's family planning program has been pointed to as a success story over the last few decades. While it was by no means perfect, the national family planning program that took root in the 1990's provided widespread access to contraceptives for married women. Under that program, university students were required to take a course on population and family planning and government-sponsored family planning classes were mandatory for obtaining a marriage license. Modern contraceptive methods were available free and on-demand at public health clinics.
During this time, the government family planning program actively worked to eliminate doubts about the acceptability of sterilization under Islamic law. In 1990, the High Judicial Council declared that the female and male sterilization were not against Islamic principles or laws.
In recent years, however, the government has rolled back its national family planning program in favor of financial incentives for more children. This week, the government decided to restrict access to sterilization as method of family planning and prohibit advertising family planning methods. With such a successful family planning program and pro-natalist policies already in place, why make such a drastic change now?
According the New York Times article, “Iran: Permanent Contraception Through Surgery is Outlawed,” the decision was prompted by concerns of the potential for population decline. In the mid-1970s, a woman in Iran would have 6.49 children on average. By 2006, that number had dropped to 1.89 children per woman. Countries need a total fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman to keep the population stable.
However, providing meaningful access to contraceptive information, services and supplies should never be driven solely by population considerations. Reproductive autonomy—the ability to decide if and when to have children—is a human right. And part of ensuring that right is allowing women to choose the contraceptive method that works best for them. Globally, female sterilization is the most popular method of family planning. As of 2002, it was the method chosen by approximately 15 percent of contraceptive users in Iran.
The ability to exercise reproductive rights contributes to other improvements in health and development. Between 1990 and 2010, Iran's maternal mortality ratio fell from 120 to 21 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births. The infant mortality rate dropped from 44 to 17 infant deaths per 1,000 live births over the same period. Countries cannot rely on population decline as an acceptable rationale to restrict access to modern methods of contraception, while ignoring the other health gains to which family planning contributes.
As of 2013, 26 countries around the world had negative or zero population growth. To date, several of these countries have attempted incentive-based pro-natalist policies, typically to encourage couples to have more children. While Iran is not known as a global trendsetter, this decision raises concerns over future pro-natalist approaches.
Governments should not restrict reproductive choice as a result of arbitrary opinions about family and population size. Women and men who are happy with their family and want to limit future childbearing should be able to choose their contraceptive method, including sterilization, no matter where they live.
1Up & Kotaku Confirm Next PSP Story, 1 Week Later
Imitation is the sincerest form of frustration flattery. Kotaku and 1Up seemed to have recently received the memo we sent out last week about the next PSP, tentatively named “PSP Go”. The funny thing is, neither site bothered to cite sources for their information, though Kotaku claims they were tipped off by “PJ and Mr. Wednesday”. Evidently Professor Plum and Colonel Mustard had the day off.
While we here at PlayStation LifeStyle do not own the news, we cannot help but feel that some of this information has been inspired by us. Perhaps even via the conduit of the mysterious PJ and Mr. Wednesday. But at least Kotaku admitted to some assistance; 1UP's article on the other hand seems to have materialized out of thin air. They even went as far as to provide a piss-poor rendition of our mockup.
For an encore, it seems that N4G has a new policy of allowing week old news, so long as you have the Alexa balls to back it up. But at least you, the astute readers of the internet, know what's going on. That's what matters. Remember, when it comes to breaking PlayStation news, you can read it here today… or next week at 1Up and Kotaku.
See ya at E3 guys. 🙂
Saudi Arabia and the United States are carrying out a “genocide” while the world turns a blind eye, unaware that Yemen is being invaded for its vast oil reserves.
Observers have been puzzled why oil-rich Saudi Arabia, backed by their allies the United States, have set their sights on impoverished Yemen – however all is not as it seems in the region.
Saudi Arabian oil is drying up, and scientific research by international drilling companies show that Yemen's unexploited oil reserves are greater than the combined reserves of all the oil-rich Gulf states.
Yemen, the poor man of the region, has emerged as a prize, and the ruthless Saudis are experiencing no guilt about slaughtering Yemeni civilians to ensure the virgin oil begins flowing through their pipelines.
“63% of Yemen's crude production is being stolen by Saudi Arabia,” Mohammad Abdolrahman Sharafeddin told FNA on Tuesday, explaining that Saudi-US military action is already paying dividends for the invaders.
“Saudi Arabia has set up an oil base in collaboration with the French Total company in the Southern parts of Kharkhir region near the Saudi border province of Najran and is exploiting oil from the wells in the region,” they added.
But it gets worse for the Yemeni people, caught in a trap due to the fact they have billions of barrels of crude flowing deep under the houses where their children sleep.
Sharafeddin said that Riyadh is purchasing “arms and weapons” with the petro dollars being stolen from the Yemeni people. These arms and weapons are then supplied to Saudi-sponsored mercenaries with instructions to “cut loose” in the country, slaughtering Yemenis in oil-rich regions.
Why hasn't Yemen exploited its oil wealth?
Late in last year, another economic expert said Washington and Riyadh had bribed the former Yemeni government to refrain from oil drilling and exploration activities, adding that Yemen has more oil reserves than the entire Persian Gulf region.
“Saudi Arabia has signed a secret agreement with the US to prevent Yemen from utilizing its oil reserves over the past 30 years,” Hassan Ali al-Sanaeri told FNA.
The secret agreement enriched the country's political leadership, while ensuring that the Yemeni people remained poor – unlike their counterparts in neighboring oil producing countries.
Yemen is a gold mine
“The scientific research and assessments conducted by international drilling companies show that Yemen's oil reserves are more than the combined reserves of all the Persian Gulf states,” Hassan Ali al-Sanaeri said.
The economic expert added that their are abundant oil reserves in Ma'rib, al-Jawf, Shabwah and Hadhramaut regions.
They reiterated that new oil reserves have been discovered in Yemen's al-Jawf province which could make the country one of the biggest oil exporters in the region and the world – but not if Saudi Arabia and the United States have any say in the matter.
Former Reynoldsburg Police Officer Shane Mauger was sentenced Friday to 33 months in prison for falsifying search warrant affidavits and stealing money and property from drug trafficking investigations.
Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine announced the sentence by the U.S. District Judge Algenon L. Marbley.
Marbley fined Mauger $40,000 and asked that they remain under court supervision for two years following their prison term. Their sentence also requires them to perform four hours of community service per week while under court supervision.
Documents state that Mauger engaged in systematic corruption with their roles as a police officer and supervisor.
They also conspired with former officer Tye Downard as far back as 2006. Downard was arrested in February on drug charges before being found dead in their cell in days later.
According to search warrant affidavits, Mauger lied to judges in support of drug trafficking investigations and admitted to stealing cash during and after police searches.
During the course of the conspiracy, the conspirators stole between $150,000 and $250,000. Once Mauger found out about the federal law enforcement agencies investigating him, they removed some of the stolen cash from a safe.
Mauger pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to deprive persons of civil rights and one count of federal program theft on May 27.
“Citizens rely on the truthfulness and integrity of law-enforcement officers,” Acting U.S. Attorney Glassman said. “The overwhelming majority of the time, this faith is well-earned. But when someone breaks the laws they or they have sworn to uphold, the public trust is severely damaged.”
Glassman commended the investigation of this case by the FBI, Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation.
There are a lot going on with LOTRO this year. Update 14 is here and we're in Gondor! Our Executive Producer Aaron Campbell laid out the rest of 2014 and gave some insights into 2015 and beyond in their most recent post Now I would like to update you all on some changes happening on the Community team. Frelorn, whom I'm sure many of you already know , will be returning to manage the LOTRO community. He's going to be taking over all the projects currently in the works for community in addition to bringing in their own ideas and programs. Frelorn will be making their own post and re-introducing themselves to you very soon.I'll be taking on something very different. I'll be joining Children's Miracle Network Hospitals as their new Community Manager for Extra life. I think anyone who has been around the past three years knows this is a cause I'm deeply passionate about. It was not an easy decision as you guys are the most passionate community in gaming (we have an award to prove it!) and being your Community Manager for the past six years has been a tremendous honor. Frelorn is a lucky guy to be able to join you on your journey to the Black Gate and the destruction of the Ring.I'm more than happy to answer any questions, as I'm sure Frelorn is, but I'll start with two I think most people will have.We'll finish what we started. I will need to change some of the dates and will try to speed things up. Maybe we can even sneak in some weekend runs, but we'll get it done! Yes, the fastest time will still get a Festival of their choice for a week.Everything promised will happen. From the titles, to the cloaks, to mounts, and the pets. Even that tattoo will happen if we make it to $100k. I still encourage everyone to participate, donate join Team Turbine , and show the Extra Life Community that the LOTRO Community is the gold standard when it comes to gamers helping kids.
Children love games, picture books and fun adventures and happily within this amazing book they will find all three! Sally has crafted an imaginative, thought-provoking book that will create hours of never-ending fun and delight for children.
There are magnificent landmark places to see the world over. Our travel guides are a boy and a camel taking us to such places as Big Ben in London, the Eiffel Tower in Paris and the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. There are twelve places in all from the beginning of our trip till returning home again. However, the fun doesn't end there, as on each page is a light-hearted game of spotting the differences on two pictures that seem the same, but there are seven differences to seek and find, creating a world-wind of imaginative play that teaches too. Perfectly recommended for ages 3-8 however, as someone who works with children with special needs, I highly recommend this imaginative, brightly colored guide to world places and spot the differences game to teach and engage for all ages. Imaginative, awe-inspiring, creative fun to be had by everyone!
“Join us on a great adventure around the world. Can you spot the 7 differences along the way?”
Potato Skins are a favorite appetizer at many restaurants and a favorite of ours. I figured out a few years ago how to make them at home. They're easy, but a little time consuming. The trick is actually cooking the potatoes three times.
Step one is cleaning the potatoes and then scoring them with a fork. I clean four spuds which yields eight skins. I'd recommend any potato you'd use for baking like russets.
The cleaned and poked potatoes are then baked in the microwave. I cook the four potatoes for 15 minutes - of course microwave times and power vary.
Let the potatoes cool. Once they're handable, you're ready for step two.
Heat oil in a deep fat fryer. Mine recommends 425 degrees for potatoes.
Cut each potato lengthwise and scoop out about 2/3 of the potato to make boats. Don't scoop too much of the potato so you leave some 'meat' against the skin.
Drop your skins into the oil and let them cook for 3-4 minutes or until golden brown.
Drain the skins and let them cool a bit.
Finally place them on a lightly greased baking dish skin side down. Fill with cheese. We like a cheddar jack mix.
Place into a pre-heated 350-degree ovens to melt the cheese.
Top with scallions or any other topping of your choice.
They're defiantly a treat at our house and not a staple - but great fun to make and eat every once in a while.
The Clubman 500 Superlight by McDeeb Reading time: about 1 minute. British
Cafe Racers
Italian
Motorcycles
Retro
There is something wonderfully ironic about an Italian company specialising in the building of classic British motorcycles. The Italians have so much home grown talent to choose from that working with British iron is an interesting choice. The workshop is run by Fabrizio Di Bella and it's actual name is “Classic Farm Motorcycles” but due to the owner's penchant for British bikes they were nicknamed “McDeeb”.
Working (mostly) with Royal Enfield bikes such as this one, McDeeb has garnered international attention for their tasteful, unique builds. This particular build, the “Clubman” is no exception. It started life as a 500cc Royal Enfield thumper before being worked over by McDeeb in every conceivable way. That stunning handmade Clubman tank sets the bike apart instantly and if you like adjustable suspension take a look at the spring set up on the rear of this bike. All you need is a spanner.
The bike weighs in at just 152 kgs, that's pretty light for a classic, the single cylinder Royal Enfield power-plant puts out 32hp and 41.3Nm of torque at 4,500 rpm. All bikes are handbuilt by Fabrizio “McDeeb” Di Bella and each is individually numbered (as seen in the image below).
Via McDeeb
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Michelle Fleury reports on the push for a $15 minimum wage
More than two years after it began, a movement to raise wages in the US, known as Fight for 15, is expanding.
Organisers say today's effort is the group's biggest protest yet, with actions planned in 230 cities across the US.
Workers in industries from fast food to homecare are demanding that employers raise the minimum wage paid to service workers.
The current US minimum wage is $7.25 (£4.90) per hour.
Workers have said that that wage is not enough to support a family, and have called for a living wage of $15 per hour.
US President Barack Obama has said they support raising the minimum wage, and as a result of several ballot initiatives in last year's midterm elections, more than 20 states have raised their floor for workers.
Image copyright AP Image caption Participants gathered in the early morning in some locations to stage sit-ins at various fast food outlets
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Protests involving workers and labour supporters are planned in more than 200 US cities
Although the Fight for 15 groups initially focused on fast-food workers, since 2012, the coalition has expanded to include retail employees, airport workers, and homecare aides.
Today's effort includes planned protests at McDonald's, airports, and other sites across the US. The hashtag, #Fightfor15, was trending nationally on Twitter as of this morning.
The movement has been credited with some successes, including stated initiatives by firms such as Wal-mart, Target, TJ Maxx and McDonald's to raise the base wages paid to workers.
They have also spearheaded several legal actions, including cases against McDonald's alleging workplace harassment and racism.
However, while workers and union supporters have applauded those moves, they have said that they are still not enough to ensure that workers are paid fair wages.
In case the ingame "Razer 1v1" chat is full. Try joining Razer 1v1 B,C or D.Check-in: http://www.liquidlegends.net/tournaments/?action=detail&id=3530 Bracket: http://www.liquidlegends.net/tournaments/?action=bracket&id=3530
Bumblebee Profile Joined August 2010 75 Posts June 19 2015 20:26 GMT #1
--><div class="rglory"><!--
--><div class="rglory-title">
--><div class="rglory-text1">
<div class="rglory-video"><iframe width="462" height="250" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YZsZ5TFCrQk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
Perhaps you've been lucky enough to experience this scenario, one so often only spoken about with the hushed, reverent tones typically reserved for myths and legends: you are decimating your opponent in mid and are feeling pretty satisfied with your odds of winning your promos. Your opponent types in /all “1v1 me, BRO!”. Perhaps you've witnessed this. Perhaps you have even uttered this phrase yourself (ironically, of course). Whether you have experienced this or not, Team Razer and Team Liquid want to offer you the chance to 1v1 opponents, actually and unironically, in a tournament setting. If you have ever wanted to test your skills in a 1v1 in the mid lane on Summoner's Rift, please read on for more information!
</div><!--
--><div class="rglory-prizepool">
--><div class="rglory-prizepool-caption">* THE WINNER MUST BE ELIGIBLE, ACCORDING TO RIOT'S LCS SUBSTITUTE RULES, TO BE ADDED AS A SUBSTITUTE TO THE MAIN ROSTER. IF THE WINNER IS NOT ELIGIBLE, THEY WILL RETAIN THE PRIZE MONEY BUT THE LCS SUBSTITUTE SPOT WILL GO TO THE NEXT ELIGIBLE COMPETITOR.</div><!--
--><div class="rglory-text2">
After you've battled your way through countless opponents and endured a number of hardships, what happens next? The champion of the Team Razer 1v1 Road To Glory will become an official substitute for our North American LCS team. As a member of the team, you will receive equipment that will allow you to compete at your very best. To help you along, you will participate in regular scrimmages with the Academy team. In addition, you will have access to our support staff, which includes an analyst and a coach to assist you in improving your play. And the TL swag. That's pretty nice, too.
The tournament will take place on Saturday, June 27th and Sunday, June 28th. Registration will be open from now until Friday, June 26th at 11:59pm PST. To register, click here:
Once registration is complete, the bracket will be generated. You can go here to view the brackets once they are ready:
The rules are simple: kill your opponent or their turret before they kill yours!
Win Conditions: First blood or First Turret. If neither of these conditions are met when the timer hits 20:00, then the player with the higher CS is the victor
Both players must remain in mid lane (no jungle)
Recalls are allowed
No globally banned summoner spells or champions
Each player allowed to ban 4 champions
Blind Pick Format
More detailed rules will be available to participants
</div><!--
--><div class="rglory-footer">
--></div> --> Perhaps you've been lucky enough to experience this scenario, one so often only spoken about with the hushed, reverent tones typically reserved for myths and legends: you are decimating your opponent in mid and are feeling pretty satisfied with your odds of winning your promos. Your opponent types in /all “1v1 me, BRO!”. Perhaps you've witnessed this. Perhaps you have even uttered this phrase yourself (ironically, of course). Whether you have experienced this or not, Team Razer and Team Liquid want to offer you the chance to 1v1 opponents, actually and unironically, in a tournament setting. If you have ever wanted to test your skills in a 1v1 in the mid lane on Summoner's Rift, please read on for more information! --> * THE WINNER MUST BE ELIGIBLE, ACCORDING TO RIOT'S LCS SUBSTITUTE RULES, TO BE ADDED AS A SUBSTITUTE TO THE MAIN ROSTER. IF THE WINNER IS NOT ELIGIBLE, THEY WILL RETAIN THE PRIZE MONEY BUT THE LCS SUBSTITUTE SPOT WILL GO TO THE NEXT ELIGIBLE COMPETITOR. After you've battled your way through countless opponents and endured a number of hardships, what happens next? The champion of the Team Razer 1v1 Road To Glory will become an official substitute for our North American LCS team. As a member of the team, you will receive equipment that will allow you to compete at your very best. To help you along, you will participate in regular scrimmages with the Academy team. In addition, you will have access to our support staff, which includes an analyst and a coach to assist you in improving your play. And the TL swag. That's pretty nice, too.The tournament will take place on Saturday, June 27th and Sunday, June 28th. Registration will be open from now until Friday, June 26th at 11:59pm PST. To register, click here:Once registration is complete, the bracket will be generated. You can go here to view the brackets once they are ready:The rules are simple: kill your opponent or their turret before they kill yours! --> Liquid There is no difference between a knight and any other man aside from what they wear. @robinnymann
OAKLAND — Matthew Aaron Llaneza bragged to their accomplice that after blowing up a Bank of America branch in Oakland, “he would dance with joy.” Then after an act of terrorism that Llaneza hoped would be blamed on anti-government militias, federal officials say, they planned to flee to Afghanistan and train Taliban fighters.
But Llaneza's co-conspirator was not, as they believed, a member of the Taliban. They were an undercover FBI agent, and that's why early Friday morning, Llaneza, a 28-year-old San Jose resident and former Marine, was arrested after federal authorities say they attempted to detonate a car bomb that they had secretly rendered inoperable as part of a months-long sting.
Federal agents swooped down on Llaneza near the bank on Hegenberger Road after they tried to set off the fake bomb using two cellphones.
Authorities were tight-lipped Friday about the bizarre scheme, which was thwarted by the FBI's South Bay Joint Terrorism Task Force.
“It's a national security matter,” said FBI spokesperson Roselie Custodio. “That's why we're keeping such a close hold on this. But we want to make clear that we went to great lengths to ensure that there was no threat to public safety.”
Llaneza made their initial appearance in federal court on Friday morning and was charged with attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction. If convicted, they face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Federal authorities were not allowing jailhouse interviews with Llaneza, according to the Alameda County Sheriff's Office, and attempts to contact their family members on Friday were unsuccessful.
But Santa Clara County court records stemming from a 2011 weapons conviction paint a picture of a deeply troubled man. The U.S.-born Llaneza, documents indicate, likely suffered from mental illness that included bouts of paranoia, suicidal tendencies, hallucinations and voices in their head in addition to a vast working knowledge of weaponry.
Those same records show Llaneza's father, Steve Llaneza, long had concerns about a son whom they told investigators had briefly served in the Marine Corps before being discharged for an undisclosed reason. They lived for several years with their grandparents in Mesa, Ariz., and graduated from Red Mountain High School there in 2003.
During their time in Arizona, Llaneza described themselves as an “armorist” who was proficient in weapons assembly, and records show that in February 2008 they founded Sand Fire Tactical, which they described in its articles of organization as an “Internet sales, light manufacturing” firm in Mesa.
They had abruptly converted to Islam — going by the name of Tarq Kahn — before returning to California in 2011, living in a recreational vehicle in front of their father's North San Jose house.
Llaneza's father told investigators that their son had briefly served in the Marine Corps before being discharged for an undisclosed reason.
When Llaneza moved their RV to San Jose, their father gave them bathroom privileges but barred them from being inside the home unless they were there, seemingly out of concern for the three children they had with their second wife. That concern led to the father pointing police to the firearms that resulted Llaneza's weapons arrest.
Friday's complaint against Llaneza describes them as a detail-oriented person intent on an eye-catching act of terrorism that they believed would foment civil unrest. Court records in Santa Clara County seemingly set the foundation for those thoughts after they were convicted in 2011 for illegally having an AK-47 assault rifle and accompanying high-capacity magazines they purportedly purchased and registered in Arizona.
The weapon surfaced after a suicidal episode brought them to the attention of police, and further interrogations revealed Llaneza's prior fears that “secret police” from the government were following him.
That discovery came out of an emergency call on April 17 that year to the home of Steve Llaneza, who had recently allowed their son to live in the RV outside. Appearing under the influence of alcohol and marijuana — with a history of hard-drug use — the son threatened to kill themselves and was hospitalized under a mental health hold.
Ensuing investigations by San Jose police led to them finding the assault rifle and magazines, which prompted officers to take Llaneza out of the hospital and into custody. They were convicted of the weapons offenses and given a suspended sentence after having served six months in County Jail.
During the investigation and a corresponding preliminary hearing, Llaneza was described as being in and out of mental-health treatment and self-medicating with medically-obtained marijuana.
They told interrogating officers about suffering from depression and post-traumatic stress disorder from what they said were attempts by Arizona gangs to recruit him, expressing a fear of drug cartels and saying, “Someday you are going to find me dead in the desert.”
Court documents state Llaneza took Zyprexa for bipolar disorder and Remeron, an antidepressant. A note attached to the court file said their hallucinations would go away when they took the medication. Their recommended sentence after their 2011 arrest included a requirement that they “take medication prescribed for psychosis, bipolar disorder condition as directed by the mental health doctors.”
In the criminal complaint of the foiled bombing, Llaneza is described as supporting the Taliban and wanting to engage in jihad.
Authorities allege that Llaneza believed blowing up the bank would “trigger a governmental crackdown, which they expected would trigger a right-wing counter-response against the government followed by, they hoped, civil war.”
During the planning of the attack, Llaneza also allegedly said “he would dance with joy when the bomb exploded.” After the attack, Llaneza reportedly had intended to flee by boat to Pakistan and then travel to Afghanistan to train with Taliban fighters.
They met Nov. 30 with the undercover agent who had led them to believe they were connected with the Taliban and mujahedeen in Afghanistan. Llaneza proposed a car-bomb attack on a Bay Area bank, according to authorities.
Llaneza suggested attacking the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco or another unspecified bank in the area. They later decided there would too much security at the Federal Reserve Bank and began scouting Bank of America locations in Oakland — both because of the symbolism of the name and their belief of Oakland being a center of protests, the complaint states.
They chose the Hegenberger Road location after research that included viewing aerial imagery of the building and its surroundings. Llaneza also suggested renting a Hayward storage facility unit to assemble the bomb, authorities stated. On Jan. 26, Llaneza and the undercover agent loaded into the SUV a dozen 5-gallon buckets containing chemicals prepared by the FBI to simulate an explosive mixture.
On Thursday night, the complaint continues, Llaneza and the undercover agent took separate vehicles to a Union City parking lot to complete the assembly of the fake device. Llaneza then drove the SUV to the bank, parked next to a supporting column and beneath an overhang in hopes the explosion would bring down the building. The undercover FBI agent met them there, and they walked a safe distance away to set off the bomb.
Llaneza was arrested after it failed to detonate.
The same bank, not far from Oakland International Airport, was the site of a bombing more than four decades ago by activists during the Vietnam War. The blast on May 24, 1971, shattered 15 windows, but no injuries were reported. In the early 1970s, three dozen branches of Bank of America were bombed and burned across the country.
But Friday, it was business as usual at the four-story tan building. Customers seemed unaware of the bombing plot.
Bank of America spokesperson Anne Pace said Friday that the company is “cooperating with law enforcement. Nothing to add beyond that.”
Meanwhile, a civil rights group questioned whether the sting had entrapped someone who might not have seriously considered a terrorist act without the help of authorities.
“Unfortunately, in recent years, we see the FBI targeting vulnerable individuals and essentially creating a plot, then thwarting it, to call it a win,” said Zahra Billoo, the Bay Area spokesperson for the Council on American-Islamic Relations. “It's the FBI's job to stop people who are operational terrorists. It's not the FBI's job to find people who are aspirational terrorists.”
Billoo said it was too early to conclude if it was Llaneza or the FBI who initiated the plan, but they said the operation resembled similar arrests in other parts of the country.
“If they are spending all this time and energy and resources to create terrorists to then thwart,” they said, “who's paying attention to the actual terrorists, the actual criminals?”
Staff writers Josh Richman, Matt O'Brien, Erin Ivie, Kristin Bender, Mark Gomez, Veronica Martinez and Leigh Poitinger contributed to this report. Contact Mark Emmons at memmons@mercurynews.com and Robert Salonga at rsolonga@mercurynews.com.
Project Greek Island was a United States government continuity program located at the Greenbrier hotel in West Virginia.[1] The facility was decommissioned in 1992 after the program was exposed by The Washington Post.
Purpose [ edit ]
In the late 1950s, the United States government approached the Greenbrier resort and sought its assistance in creating a secret emergency relocation center to house Congress in the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust. The classified, underground facility was built at the same time as the West Virginia Wing, an above-ground addition to the hotel, from 1959 to 1962.[2] For 30 years, The Greenbrier owners maintained an agreement with the federal government that, in the event of an international crisis, the entire resort property would be converted to government use, specifically as the emergency location for the legislative branch.[3]
The underground facility contained a dormitory, kitchen, hospital, and a broadcast center for members of Congress. The broadcast center had changeable seasonal backdrops to allow it to appear as if members of Congress were broadcasting from Washington, D.C.[citation needed] A 100-foot (30 m) radio tower was installed 4.5 miles (7.2 km) away for these broadcasts. The largest room is "The Exhibit Hall", 89 by 186 feet (27 by 57 m) beneath a ceiling nearly 20 feet (6.1 m) high and supported by 18 support columns. Adjoining it are two smaller auditoriums, one seating about 470 people, big enough to host the 435-member House of Representatives, and the smaller with a seating capacity of about 130, suitable as a temporary Senate chamber. The Exhibit Hall itself could be used for joint sessions of Congress.[2] The facility had a six-month supply of food, periodically refreshed.[4]
What was used by The Greenbrier guests for business meetings was actually a disguised work area for members of Congress, complete with four hidden blast doors. Two of the doors were large enough to allow vehicles to enter. One weighed more than 28 short tons (25 t) and measured 12 feet 3 inches (3.73 m) wide and 15 feet (4.6 m) high. Another weighed more than 20 short tons (18 t). The doors were 19.5 inches (50 cm) thick.[2]
The two-foot thick walls of the bunker were made of reinforced concrete[2] designed to withstand a nearby nuclear blast.[3]
The center was maintained by government workers posing as hotel audiovisual employees, and operated under a dummy company named Forsythe Associates, based in Arlington, Virginia. The company's on-site employees maintained that their purpose was to maintain the hotel's 1100 televisions.[2] The company's first manager was John Londis, a former cryptographic expert with the Army Signal Corps. They had a top-secret security clearance and was stationed at the Pentagon.[2] Many of these same workers are now employed by the hotel and, for a time, gave guided tours. The complex is still maintained by The Greenbrier, and the facility remains much as it was in 1992, when the secret was revealed in the national press. While almost all of the furnishings were removed following the decommissioning of the bunker, the facility now has similar period furnishings to approximate what the bunker looked like while it was still in operation. Two of the original bunks in the dormitories remain.[3]
The bunker was designed to be incorporated into the public spaces of the hotel so as to not draw attention. Much of the bunker space was visible to the public, but went undetected for years, including The Exhibition Hall in the West Virginia Wing, which differs from other public spaces in the hotel due to large concrete columns present for reinforcing. Adjacent to the entrance of The Exhibition Hall is one of the original blast doors, which can now be seen openly, the original screen that once hid its presence removed.[3]
AT&T provided phone service for both The Greenbrier Hotel and the bunker. All calls placed from the bunker were routed through the hotel's switchboard to make it appear as if they originated from the hotel. The communications center in the bunker today contains representatives of three generations of telephone technology that were used.[3]
Although the bunker was kept stocked for 30 years, it was never actually used as an emergency location, even during the Cuban Missile Crisis. The bunker's existence was not acknowledged until The Washington Post revealed it in a 1992 story;[2] immediately after the Post story, the government decommissioned the bunker.[3]
The facility has since been renovated and is also used as a data storage facility for the private sector. It is once again featured as an attraction in which visitors can tour the now-declassified facilities, now known as "The Bunker".[1]
Construction [ edit ]
The project used a cut-and-cover style construction method for the creation of the bunker,[2] where material, known as spoil, is removed from the surface and carried away from the site to create a space in which the bunker is constructed.[citation needed] In the case of the Project Greek Island Bunker, the spoil was used in the expansion of a 9-hole golf course and as fill material in a runway extension project at the local municipal airfield. This prevented detection of the project.[citation needed]
The government used the West Virginia Wing construction of the hotel as a cover-up for the shelter. The shelter was made to house over 1,000 people, including members of Congress. A huge vault door placed in the shelter was created so that one person could shut it.[3]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Bunker (official tourism website)
Greenbriar Virtual Tour from the Cold War Civil Defense Museum
Coordinates:
Novamarines Adeptus Astartes (2016 Army)
Raffle tickets for Novamarines Adeptus Astartes (2016 Army) are not available for sale at this time
Novamarines Adeptus Astartes
Novamarines Adeptus Astartes
“We do not judge ourselves as lesser men are judged. For us to face the foe,
without fear and without retreat or surrender, are a simple expectation.
Victory, too, is seen as our right; the due reward for setting foot on the field of battle.
For a Battle-Brother to earn distinction within the Adeptus Astartes they must go beyond what commanders and captains expect of them and make themselves worthy of the Emperor.”
– Brother-Librarian Hancarn of the Novamarines Chapter
CHARITY ARMY RAFFLE:
Supporting DOCTORS WITHOUT BORDERS/MEDECINS SANS FRONTIERES
Entire Army built & painted by TROY TABANELLI (Bolter & Bows). Models donated primarily through the efforts of Eric Fontaine (NOVA Open Potential Fundraiser Project) and Bartertown.
Army arrives in fully customized transport case donated by KR MULTICASE; with custom acrylic templates donated by TNT LASER WORKS.
4500+ Point Base Army, with a lot of flexibility: NOVAMARINE ADEPTUS ASTARTES LIST
(additional models not listed; Dreadnought, Storm Talon, +2 Bikes in each squad … total 8)
Minimum Purchase Required at Check Out: $10.00
UNLIMITED TICKETS WILL BE SOLD WORLDWIDE!
(Army ships to winner anywhere on planet with deliverable address)
BUY RAFFLE TICKETS: PRODUCT GOES LIVE at 00:01am FRIDAY, JULY 1, 2016!
Check out the latest hi-res pics for the sci-fi action film “Terminator Salvation.”
Set in post-apocalyptic 2018 the film picks up the story of hero John Connor, played by Bale. The rebel leader has a personal vendetta with the Terminators who killed their mother (originally played by Linda Hamilton) and their father. And they are the man fated to be the leader of the human resistance against Skynet and its army of Terminators.
And the future they were raised to believe in is altered in part by the appearance of Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), a stranger whose last memory is of being on death row. Connor must decide whether Marcus has been sent from the future, or rescued from the past.
The film which will be released on May 22nd 2009 stars Christian Bale, Sam Worthington, Anton Yelchin, Bryce Dallas Howard, Moon Bloodgood and Common.
A Home Depot store in Peoria, Illinois. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg
As Home Depot scrambles to determine the scope and scale of a potentially massive breach of its customers' data, the retailer's troubles underscore the challenges facing retailers and card issuers attempting to gird themselves against cybercriminals.
In the wake of a breach at Target last December that exposed the credit card information of 40 million customers and the personal data of millions more, the industry pledged to move quickly and aggressively to protect customer data. But experts say the latest breach shows that many retailers likely remain vulnerable to hacks.
"The biggest challenge in today's environment is the hackers are getting better," said Chuck Winter, a consultant with North Highland Co. who has developed information technology strategies for retailers. "We've seen the complexity of the retailers' technology platforms make it challenging to completely secure their total environment."
On Tuesday, a coalition of state lawmakers announced that they would be investigating the Home Depot breach. Meanwhile, Sens. Edward J. Markey (D-Mass.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) sent a letter to FTC chairperson Edith Ramirez asking the agency to probe the hack at Home Depot.
“We are concerned that the retailer's procedures for detecting and stopping operations to steal customer data are inadequate and we call on the Commission to investigate whether Home Depot's security procedures meet a reasonable standard,” the senators wrote.
Home Depot has not said how many customers may have been affected by the breach. But given that it may have lasted several months, experts say it could be more wide-reaching than the one last year at Target.
One key way retailers and card issuers have been working to fight the problem is to update payment card technology. In the U.S., most cards have magnetic strips, which are thought to be less secure than a type of card often used overseas, known as "chip and PIN." With magnetic strip cards, there is a brief moment when card information is left unencrypted on a retailer's network as the transaction is carried out, giving a hacker an opening to scoop up the data.
Experts say that the shift to chip and PIN technology has not been especially swift because it is time-consuming and expensive: Retailers must overhaul their point-of-sale and back-end software systems, while card companies must issue new cards that are more costly to produce.
"On the issuing side, we've got the largest and most diverse payments marketplace in the world," said Randy Vanderhoof, director of the EMV Migration Forum, a group that works to promote the switch to chip and PIN. "We've got over 1.2 billion payment cards in the marketplace, so getting all of those cards converted to chip is not a simple task."
Home Depot was in the process of adding chip and PIN technology in its stores and has said it still plans to complete its migration to that technology by the end of next year.
While chip and PIN technology might help safeguard customer data, experts say it is hardly a silver bullet in fighting data theft.
"What we know from other markets is that when markets start to lock down with chip technology, often times the fraud migrates” to ATM transaction or online purchases, said Carolyn Balfany, MasterCard's group head for U.S. product delivery.
Experts say there are other barriers that may leave major retailers and other targets at risk.
Art Gilliland, senior vice president and general manager of Enterprise Security Products at Hewlett Packard, says cybercriminals only need to break in once to be successful. Because of that, they say that there needs to be a shift from threat prevention to incident response and mitigation.
Tom Kellermann, the chief cybersecurity officer at IT security firm Trend Micro, agrees. “Current standards of security for these large organizations are very perimeter-focused and don't deal with the level of attacks that are going on in the market,” they say.
When there is a focused adversary, it is going to get in, Kellerman said. Like Gilliland, they believe companies should focus on identifying and neutralizing threats once a breach has occurred. “The paradigm has to shift from castles to prisons – you have to make them more resource constrained when they get into your house.”
“People need to be paying a lot more attention to the behavior of accounts within their own networks,” says Trey Ford, global security strategist at cybersecurity firm Rapid7.
Gilliland agrees that companies need to keep a better eye on movements on their systems, but warns that there are limits to how much you can lock up your internal networks while maintaining functionality for users: The sort of internal flexibility that may make it easier for attackers to explore systems may be the same structure that enables internal innovation in employees or provides convenience for customers.
Breaches also take significant time and resources to investigate once they occur. "Security teams don't have unlimited budgets -- they have finite budgets and finite manpower," says Ford.
"These type of investigations take time," they explain, noting that researchers often have to work through multiple scenarios and sift through mountains of data to determine how systems were infiltrated and navigated.
Information sharing is a key strategy for reducing risk throughout individual ecosystems, and two major industry groups launched efforts in the wake of the Target breach so that retailers could better share information about potential threats. The Retail Industry Leaders Association founded the Retail Cyber Intelligence Sharing Center (R-CISC), which includes stores such Gap, J. C. Penney, Nike and Target. In April, the National Retail Federation announced the creation of its own information-sharing platform, which the group's senior vice president and general counsel, Mallory Duncan, describes as a list-srv for exchanging threat information.
Still, industry experts say there remains a significant lag between when incidents are uncovered and when that information is made available to the larger cybersecurity community. "What I find challenging as a practitioner is the lack of details from breaches, small and large" says Ford. Often, they say, "companies maintain silent on many details for their own operational security." And when they do, they argue, they're "effectively dooming other organizations to the same fate."
The recent cybersecurity sharing efforts from the retail industry come many years after the financial-services industry took similar steps to guard against cyberattacks. When asked why this idea had not gained traction in the retail industry earlier, Duncan said it was likely because the need didn't feel as urgent for retailers.
"The answer is: The bad guys know where the valuable information is, and more valuable information is inside a bank," Duncan said. "Most retailers don't have your Social Security number. They don't have your mother's maiden name."
Without those pieces of information, thieves can only take advantage of your data for the short window of time before you notice suspicious activity and cancel your card.
Home Depot said Monday that a hack of its payment systems could affect customers who used credit or debit cards in its U.S. and Canada stores since April. The company began investigating the possibility of a breach last week after law enforcement officials and members of the banking industry alerted it to unusual activity.
The company has said that consumers will not be responsible for any fraudulent charges. But there are non-financial costs associated with identity theft -- like the time of having to switch over cards and associated automatic payments, or headaches that could be caused by trying to clear your name of fraudulent activity.
President Obama used their first White House news conference in five months to grab some of the Super Tuesday campaign spotlight away from their GOP rivals, chiding them for their policies on Iran, women and contraception, and immigration, as well as the nation's deteriorating political decorum.
As the Republican candidates campaigned outside the Beltway, Obama campaigned aggressively inside it, from the bully pulpit.
The setting was the Brady Briefing Room, a cramped alternative to the far grander East Room, where many previous news conferences have been staged. And Obama was by turns feisty, jocular and severe, parrying with a standing-room-only crowd of reporters who shouted questions without waiting to be called upon.
They were father in chief, fretting about whether the rough-edged debate over health insurance coverage for women's contraception will keep their daughters and other young women from engaging in public life.
They were campaigner in chief, asking Latinos to back their reelection bid as a way to “send a message” to Republicans to support comprehensive immigration reform.
And above all, Obama was commander in chief, chastising Republicans for what they have called “loose talk of war.”
“What is said on the campaign trail — those folks don't have a lot of responsibilities,” they said. “They are not commander in chief. When I see the casualness with which those folks talk about war, I am reminded of the costs involved in war.”
Speaking hours after three of the Republican candidates addressed the American Israel Public Affairs Committee on the need to harden the U.S. posture toward Iran, Obama said that “those who are . . . beating the drums of war should explain clearly to the American people what they think the costs and benefits would be.”
Typically, they added, “it's not the folks who are popping off who pay the price. It's these incredible men and women in uniform and their families who pay the price.”
A war in the oil-rich Middle East could pose a significant threat to Obama's reelection effort if it triggered further increases in the price of gasoline.
The president pounced at a chance to turn the tables on reporters, posing their own rhetorical questions when asked about GOP criticism that their policies aim to keep gas prices high to encourage Americans to support renewable energy.
“Do you think the president of the United States, going into reelection, wants gas prices to go up higher?” Obama scoffed, drawing laughs from the press corps. “Is there anybody here who thinks that makes a lot of sense?”
The president was not afraid to get personal, invoking their wife and daughters in a discussion about their appeal to female voters.
They explained that their phone call to Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke last week was motivated by their hope that their daughters, Sasha and Malia, will be able to engage in public discourse without fear of being personally attacked. Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh had called Fluke a “slut” and a “prostitute” after they testified before Congress in favor of the Obama administration's rule requiring health insurance providers to cover contraception.
Obama said they want their daughters to “engage in issues they care about, even ones I may not agree with them on. I want them to be able to speak their mind in a civil and thoughtful way. And I don't want them attacked or called horrible names because they're being good citizens.”
When a reporter asked whether other Democrats are pandering by referring to the contraception debate and Limbaugh's remarks as a “war on women,” Obama referred to their wife, saying they have helped them understand that women will make up their own minds.
“One of the things I've learned to be married to Michelle is I don't need to tell them what it is that they think is important,” they said. “And there are millions of strong women around the country who are going to make their own determination about a whole range of issues. It's not going to be narrowly focused just on contraception. It's not going to be driven by one statement by one radio announcer.”
My first ever Secret Santa exchange was a success - even though I initially thought I wasn't going to get a gift!
My Santa even offered to hand-deliver the gift to me even though (s)he lived on the other side of the island...
When I first got my gift from the post office (because I missed the delivery - argh!), all I wanted to do was tear the box apart; I was so excited! I managed to hold back my excitement, and as soon as I got home, I ripped the box apart!
I'm glad to say that I ABSOLUTELY LOVE everything that was given to me. My Secret Santa was so thoughtful, and each gift had a purpose.
I got a nice cook book with loads of yummy recipes - just in time for some Christmas cooking, and to get me started in the brand-new year. A DIY recipe book for me to jot down recipes, a food jar to store my food (since I pack them to school), and a nice little box to store my things!
On top of that, a nice little card explaining each gift.
I'm honestly really touched by all the effort my Santa has put in (from the delivery arrangement to the thoughtfulness behind each item in the gift).
Thank you Santa! You certainly made my Christmas, and I'll definitely put everything to good use! I wish you and your loved ones good health, and a Merry Christmas!
In terms of individual rights, there has probably never been so much at stake in a presidential election. If Hillary Clinton wins, Americans will soon lose the right of self-defense in their own homes.
Wednesday night in Las Vegas moderator Chris Wallace quickly started off the debate by asking Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton about the Second Amendment. Hillary was asked about their claim: "the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment.”
The 2008 Heller decision struck down Washington, D.C.'s complete ban on handguns. Before the decision, people in the District could own a rifle or a shotgun, it was a felony to load the gun. This amounted to a complete ban on guns, and the Supreme Court said that Washington went too far.
But then, on Wednesday night, Clinton suggested that Wallace had misunderstood their statement.
They explained: "I support the Second Amendment . . . I disagreed with the way the court applied the Second Amendment in that case because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them."
But the Supreme Court did nothing at all to stop safe-storage laws. And the Justices that Clinton promises to appoint to the High Court will, in all likelihood, again make it possible for the government to ban guns.
As to the storage laws, the Heller decision couldn't have been clearer: "Nor, correspondingly, does our analysis suggest the invalidity of laws regulating the storage of firearms to prevent accidents.” If the ruling contributed to the problem that Clinton describes, one would think that there would have been a lot of accidental gun deaths involving toddlers. But there doesn't appear to have been a single accidental gun death of any kind in the District, let alone for toddlers, during the eight years since the Heller decision was announced.
The only gun laws that the Supreme Court has struck down have been complete bans on guns. Let me repeat this: If Clinton's judicial appointments vote to overturn Heller, governments will again be able to ban guns.
And this is a real possibility. Heller can be overturned with just one more appointment to the court.
The Supreme Court is currently tied 4-4 on the meaning of the Second Amendment.
Right now, all four liberal justices have made it clear that they believe in the government's right to completely ban guns.
In 2010, Justice Stephen Breyer wrote: "I can find nothing in the Second Amendment's text, history, or underlying rationale that could warrant characterizing it as ‘fundamental' insofar as it seeks to protect the keeping and bearing of arms for private self-defense purposes.”
This decision will ensure that many Americans will face gun bans. With the change in the Supreme Court, the District of Columbia and some cities will quickly move to ban guns.
California has already banned over 12,000 models of handguns since 2001, with only a dozen that can still be sold in the state and even those likely banned within a few years.
If Clinton becomes president, all handguns in California will likely soon be banned.
Clinton continued to talk about gun control later in the Las Vegas debate, saying: “If you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun.”
Of course, such a law wouldn't have prevented a single one of the mass public shootings that have occurred in the United States. And the ban would do nothing to stop terrorism. About 40 percent of the people on the “No Fly” watch list are considered to be under “reasonable suspicion” even though they have absolutely “no affiliation with known terrorist groups.”
As of 2014, about 50,000 people were on the No Fly list. This is a ten-fold increase since Barack Obama became president. Between February 2004 and December 2014, over 2,000 people on the list purchased guns. Yet, not one of these people has been identified as using a gun in a crime.
The debate isn't over about whether dangerous people should be able to buy guns. The question is whether, without any oversight, a faceless bureaucrat should be able to put someone's name on a list.
Clinton and other Democrats don't believe that the Department of Justice should have to make its case to a judge. They don't believe in requiring reasonable evidence that the person is a danger.
Republicans, such as Trump, believe that some evidence has to be provided.
That Hillary Clinton won't honestly tell American's what they intend to do if they become president, shows that they are concerned that many Americans do support gun ownership. But regardless of whether or not they openly acknowledge their plans, the threat that they pose is still very real.
19 May 1536 will forever be the day that Anne Boleyn was executed. For Mary, who was with their half-sister Elizabeth at Hunsdon, it must have been a bittersweet moment. Mary's relationship with Anne had, understandably, never been good. Anne had destroyed their mother's life, and Mary set themselves up as the opposition to Anne. Perhaps Mary forgot Anne's influence on the King and Mary was put in their place when they were placed in their half-sister's household, and they were to cease to style themselves as Princess. When Henry went to visit Elizabeth and Mary at Hatfield in January 1534, Anne sent Thomas Cromwell after the King to dissuade them from seeing Mary. They perhaps feared that Henry might be persuaded by their daughter. Henry didn't meet with Mary; they even refused their leave to come and kiss their hand. Instead, Thomas Cromwell was sent in to persuade Mary to renounce their title. Mary did not give up so easily though, and they appeared on the terrace at the top of the house as they went to mount their horse. The King turned around and saw them on their knees, they bowed to them and put their hand to their hat. Mary would not see their father again for two and a half years. Anne had succeeded in keeping them apart.
Anne and Mary met just a few times during Anne's marriage to their father. While Anne attempted to reason with Mary, with the promise of a better treatment, Mary responded with, “she knew of no Queen in England except their mother, but if Madame Anne Boleyn would speak to their father on their behalf, they would be much obliged”. Anne tried again and even threatened her, but Mary remained unmoved. After Mary's mother's death, Anne, pregnant for a third time, tried once more to improve relations. Them efforts were rebuffed and Anne's response, via Lady Shelton who was in charge of Princess Elizabeth's household and coincidentally also Anne Boleyn's aunt, was deliberately left for Mary to find. Mary copied the letter and sent it to the Imperial Ambassador before putting it back where they had found it. It was a subtle way of bullying. Mary was only more inspired to hold firm.
Them immediate reaction to Anne's execution is not recorded, but their supporters triumphed. However, if Mary believed their troubles were now over, they were mistaken.
We've driven the new 991-series Porsche 911 , and now the next chapter of the new 911 story – the 2013 Turbo – has been caught proving itself in the wintertide climate. Its most important details – the front and rear bumpers and side intakes – remain behind camo, but we now get a look at how the tail sits across the wider rump, and we think it looks quite good.When it's finally revealed, the new 911 Turbo is expected to put out more than 500 horsepower – numbers from 520 hp to 550 hp have been mentioned – from it's tri-turboed (yes, three turbos) 3.6-liter flat six. Both the seven-speed PDK and seven-speed manual transmissions should be on offer, and the lighter-than-the-last-Turbo package should be screamingly fast. Have a look at the high-res gallery to see it from just about every angle.
Before you start worrying about how to make your chest look fuller, consider all the ways you can use your flatness to your benefit. There are many styles that do not suit women with larger busts. These styles often work wonderfully for women with flatter chests, though.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/e3\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-1.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-1.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/e3\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-1.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-1.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 1 Wear more strapless tops and sheer shoulders. These tops are notoriously difficult to wear bras with, since the strap of a traditional bra will show through. Women with flat chests can don these tops while going braless. They can opt for a strapless bra. Some women with larger busts may not feel very supported in a strapless bra, but the support often proves plenty for women with smaller busts.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/ec\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-2.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/ec\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-2.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 2 Try a dress with open sides. These dresses do not look good with bras since you can see the wearer's side. For the same reason, these dresses do not often suit women with larger busts, since so much of the chest is exposed while wearing the dress. Women with flatter chests, however, can get away with exposing a little of what they have without needing to worry about looking inappropriate doing so.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/8\/8f\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-3.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-3.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/8\/8f\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-3.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-3.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 3 Wear a scarf or bandana as a top. This works especially well with Wear a scarf as a fitted halter. Fold the scarf in half so that it looks like a triangle. Tie the two tail ends around your waist and tie the two layers of the top point around your neck.
Alternatively, wear it as a sleeveless top. Fold two opposite corners of the scarf to the scarf's center. Tie the scarf around yourself, keeping the folded edges at the top and bottom. This works especially well with Hermes scarves and other large square styles. Women with smaller busts can pull this look off easily since tops made out of scarves are often delicately tied together, whereas women with larger busts may worry about "falling out" of such tops. Many of these tops often require the wearer to go braless, which is another reason why it is more suitable for women with flat chests.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/0\/03\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-4.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-4.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/0\/03\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-4.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-4.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 4 Try a bandeau top. A bandeau top is a strip of cloth that ties around the breasts, exposing the stomach. The bandeau is not appropriate for all settings, but you can wear it for a stroll on a beach boardwalk or while on an island vacation. You can also wear it beneath an open sweater or jacket for a slightly more appropriate option that works in more settings.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/5a\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-5.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-5.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/5a\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-5.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-5.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 5 Look at backless gowns. As another notoriously difficult top to wear a bra with, strapless gowns are perfect for women with flatter chests.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/47\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-6.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-6.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/47\/Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-6.jpg\/v4-760px-Make-a-Flat-Chest-Beautiful-Step-6.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":570} 6 Try clothing tailored to look masculine. Instead of fighting against your lack of curves, roll with it. Think “men's style” jackets, fitted graphic t-shirts with traditionally tough, masculine images, and “boyfriend” jeans. Pull the look together by accessorizing with gunmetal jewelry and thick-banded watches. This is a highly chic type of style that flat-chested women are in the perfect position to take advantage of.
The Parti Québécois's defeat had barely been announced when the leadership race began for all to see.
Even before Pauline Marois had announced their resignation (after losing in their own riding while leading their party to its worst score in the popular vote in 41/2 decades of existence), three high-profile possible contenders, including media baron Pierre Karl Péladeau, preceded them to the podium of the hotel hall where stunned partisans were watching the electoral defeat unfold on giant television screens.
Mr. Péladeau and former star ministers Jean-François Lisée and Bernard Drainville took turns at the microphone praising Ms. Marois – then successively launched into long stump speeches that sounded awfully like the first chorus of a leadership race.
Story continues below advertisement
The performance was deemed "indecent" and "totally inappropriate" by the three veteran journalists who were guest commentators on Radio-Canada, but it was actually set up by the party itself, maybe in a last, desperate effort to show that it still has a future. But it was incongruous, on par with the many errors of judgment that marred the rest of the PQ campaign.
Not only was the scene disgraceful, it showed that the three men who might compete for Ms. Marois's succession are in total denial. None of them seemed to take into account the meaning of the defeat; they all intoned the usual sovereignty rhetoric as if nothing had happened and there was no need for introspection.
At the end of their speech, Mr. Drainville, the minister responsible for the infamous charter that would have deprived public-sector employees of religious rights, shouted: "On ne lâchera jamais! On veut un pays!" – "We'll never give up! We want a country!" It was a contradictory ending to a campaign in which the PQ spent the last three weeks avoiding referendum talk and in which the sovereignty project was swept under the rug, with PQ representatives such as Ms. Marois and Mr. Lisée vowing that there would be no referendum in the foreseeable future.
This is the kind of double talk that many Quebeckers rebelled against Monday. The PQ hides its cards when it is courting votes, then aggressively flaunts them when the road is safe. Voters didn't believe that a re-elected PQ would shelve the idea of a referendum. They knew sovereignty would be back on the front burner if the party had its majority.
In this sense, the landslide victory for the Quebec Liberal Party was more a rejection of the PQ and what it stands for than any particular love for the QLP, although Philippe Couillard, who was running their first campaign as Liberal Leader, did perform much better than expected. Their calm and dignified demeanour inspired confidence and they made few blunders. The Liberal organization, as always a disciplined, well-oiled machine run by seasoned professionals, did the rest.
Many erstwhile Péquistes turned to the centre-right Coalition Avenir Quebec, which won a few PQ ridings while increasing its seats to 22 from 18. Considering the difficult days ahead for the PQ – the leadership race will be very nasty – it will likely be the CAQ that acts as the more effective opposition.
The left-wing Québec Solidaire, which had hoped to benefit from the PQ's hapless campaign, increased its vote share by a bit more than one point while gaining a third seat in eastern Montreal.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The final picture is of a Quebec solidly anchored to Canada, firmly encamped on the centre-right.
2,280 of 2,455 Sponsor Message
Aircraft Untitled
Boeing 747-87UF/SCD Reg.: N770BA MSN: 37564 Line No.: 1437 Caption After 3 years in storage in Pinal Airpark. The ex 12th man plane. Arrives to become the second 748F for Qatar Airways Cargo. Photographer Bill Shemley 2.5K USA
Add To Album
Add To Album Like (1)
Photog's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Bill Shemley Airline Untitled Version Boeing 747-87UF/SCD Generic Type Boeing 747-8 Basic Type Boeing 747-8 Manufacturer Boeing MSN 37564 Line No. 1437 Reg. N770BA Location Portland - International Region Oregon Country USA Date Photographed October 3, 2017 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views: 7,192
Photo Added: October 09, 2017
Photo Copyright © Bill Shemley. All rights reserved. Airliners.net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Warner
Justice League ‘s Rotten Tomatoes score was delayed , prompting conspiracy theories about Warner (who have a relationship with Fandango, who have a minority stake in the ratings aggregator) trying to hide something. It turns out the score was delayed by Rotten Tomatoes' own editorial team because they wanted to reveal it on their new Facebook show See It/Skip It to drum up viewers. The new show airs Wednesday nights, hence the delay. This is also the third time Rotten Tomatoes has delayed a score to debut it on See It/Skip It. Not much of a conspiracy, in other words.
Nonetheless, people seemed to be losing some of the optimism about a high score that the early screening reactions may have given them. Since then, full reviews have come out, not all of them positive. Our own Mike Ryan said , “I am legitimately bummed out about how much I disliked Justice League,” adding that the scenes reshot by Joss Whedon didn't match up, “like having a soup, then sprinkling the soup with basketballs.”
But how about the overall rating? Is Justice League the next Avengers, or is it basketball soup? Turns out, a little of column A, little of column B.
43% is the current Rotten Tomatoes score. Not as high as I thought it would be, but high enough that I'll still buy a ticket, perhaps begrudgingly.
The score puts Justice League in the middle of the five DC Universe films, with Wonder Woman leading at an amazing 92%, Man of Steel close to Justice League with 55%, and Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad trailing far behind with 27% and 26%, respectively.
On the bright side, Justice League is tracking to have a profitable opening weekend , and the reviews have been decidedly more positive than the ones for Batman V Superman and Suicide Squad, which is a step up and something to be hopeful about regarding the next movies. So have another gold star, Warner Brothers:
View photos
Warner
Watch the trailer:
Foreword
Just over a century after the invention of the moving picture, Jill Chamberlain may be the one to have finally cracked cinema's genetic code.
Jill reveals that there is something deeper at work in successful feature film screenplays, something more than simply three acts and an Inciting Incident. Working behind the scenes (so to speak) are specific dynamics required for creating fully dimensional protagonists and emotionally satisfying stories. Jill has mapped out these key dynamics and calls their method the Nutshell Technique. I am not aware of any other book or method demonstrating anything like it.
Jill positions their method against other approaches, arguing that they are not adequate in explaining the true reasons a feature film screenplay succeeds.  They are correct, particularly regarding the canonical works by Robert McKee and Syd Field. While important, these titans fail to bring us to the “soul” of a film.
In general, there are two approaches to screenplay story structure. One focuses on plot. The other focuses on character arc and internal journey. Jill reveals that, in the best screenplays, these two pieces are, in fact, inextricably fused together.
I stress with my students that a protagonist's internal journey should be expressed in the external world of the film. Every choice the filmmaker makes— regarding, for example, mise-en-scène, pacing, or lighting—should relate to the inner conflict of the film's lead character. The darkness and decay of Gotham City mirrors Batman's inner struggle to direct their rage and pain toward justice instead of vengeance.
This book presents a holistic and systematic view of why certain film screenplays work better than others. To explain the Nutshell Technique, Jill applies it to thirty well-known films, demonstrating just how stakes are set up and propel the story forward. Reading through their film examples is something of a revelation. Suddenly you see why the Climax in great dramatic films can produce the adrenaline rush you would expect from an action picture. And then you realize that some action pictures are deeper than they may at first appear, resonating with us long after their 120 minutes on the screen have ended and entreating us to reconsider humankind's biggest philosophical questions. It dawns on the reader why there is such a large graveyard of failed “blockbusters,” and why this didn't have to be.
There comes a point in developing almost any screenplay when you cannot see the forest for the trees and you lose perspective. The Nutshell Technique gives you back perspective. In requiring writers to identify story elements at their most essential, the Nutshell Technique guides them toward finding the authentic story that they originally intended to tell.
As screenwriters, we need better tools to help us develop more resonant stories. As educators, we need tools that help our students understand the mechanisms at work in great storytelling. In these pages, Jill Chamberlain has put together a fantastic tool set. Cinephiles will also find this book insightful, because it is filled with excellent examples of films that succeed due to Nutshell Technique mechanisms working behind the scenes.
This book is truly a must-read for anyone at all serious about understanding the mystery behind what makes a successful screenplay work.
—Patrick Wright Director, MFA in Filmmaking, Maryland Institute College of Art, and Co-Director, Johns Hopkins University and Maryland Institute College of Art Film Center
by Adam Armstrong
TYAN Introduces HPC & Storage Solutions Powered by Intel Scalable CPUs
This year at Super Computing 2017 in Denver, Colorado, TYAN showcased its new line of HPC, cloud computing, and storage server platforms leveraging Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. The products being showcased ran the gamut from single socket 1U platforms up to 4U dual socket platforms optimized for AI and Machine Learning. TYAN will be showcasing their new products at booth #1269 in Denver's Colorado Convention Center.
Designed for AI and HPC, TYAN's Thunder HX product line now takes advantage of the performance benefits of the Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. For AI and machine learning, TYAN's Thunder HX FA77-B7119 and Thunder HX GA88-B5631 are attractive choices. The HX FA77-B7119 is a 4U unite that supports two Intel Xeon Scalable Processors, 24 DIMM slots and up to 11 PCIe x16 (or 21 PCIe x8) slots. The 1U GA88-B5631 sever supports up to 12 DIMM slots, up to 5 PCIe x16 slots, and a single Intel Xeon Scalable Processor.
For HPC workloads, TYAN is introducing the Thunder HX FT77D-B7109 and the pedestal workstation platform, the Thunder HX FT48T-B7105, both support Intel Scalable Processors. Designed for massively parallel workloads including scientific computing, genetic sequencing, oil & gas discovery, large scale facial recognition, and cryptography, the FT77D-B7109 allows a 9th PCIe x16 slot to be installed next to 8 double-wide high performance accelerator cards. The HX FT48T-B7105 is aimed at 3D rendering and image processing giving users maximum I/O through its support for five high performance workstation graphics cards. Also on the HPC front is the 4U, dual-socket Thunder HX FT48B-B7100. With 7 total PCIe slots, including 4 in x16 lanes and 3 in x8 lanes, this platform is said to be ideal for industrial automation and large scale video capture applications.
HPC Platforms:
Thunder HX FA77-B7119: 4U dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform with support for up to 24 DDR4 DIMM slots, 11 PCIe x16 slots, and 14 2.5” hot-swap SATA 6Gb/s devices, 4 of the bays can support NVMe U.2 drives
Thunder HX FT77D-B7109: 4U dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform with support for up to 24 DDR4 DIMM slots, 9 PCIe x16 slots, and 14 2.5” hot-swap SATA 6Gb/s devices, 4 of the bays can support NVMe U.2 drives
Thunder HX FT48B-B7100: 4U dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform with support for up to 12 DDR4 DIMM slots, 4 PCIe x16 slots, and 10 2.5” hot-swap SAS 12Gb/s or SATA 6Gb/s devices
Thunder HX FT48T-B7105: Pedestal dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform with support for up to 12 DDR4 DIMM slots, 6 PCIe x16 slots, and 4 3.5” hot-swap SAS 12Gb/s or SATA 6Gb/s devices
Thunder HX GA88-B5631: 1U single-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform with support for up to 12 DDR4 DIMM slot, 5 PCIe x16 slots, s and 2 2.5” hot-swap SATA 6Gb/s devices
TYAN's Thunder SX/CX platforms are aimed at data centers, enterprises, and clouds that need the highest performance, scalability, and density. These new storage platforms also leverage the new Intel Xeon Scalable Processors as well as being designed for multiple drive bays, high memory channel bandwidth, high speed interfaces, and maximum I/O. TYAN storage portfolio spans a wide range of hardware specifications and use cases.
Its flagship server, the 4U Thunder SX FA100-B7118, can house up to 100 3.5” drives and is ideal for cold storage and large-scale object storage applications such as Lustre. The slightly smaller in footprint 2U Thunder SX TN76-B7102 creates flexibility with its maximum expansion up to 8 PCIe slots. The TN76-B7102 is designed to support Intel's on-CPU 100Gb/s Omni-Path networking fabric, and is ideal for many Big Data applications, including big data analytics, in-memory databases and data visualization. Smaller still is the single socket 1U Thunder SX GT62F-B5630. For applications needing performance, this platform supports up to 8 hot-swap NVMe U.2 drives along with an OCP v2.0 LAN Mezzanine. Not all of TYAN's storage products need to be aimed at larger markets. For those with a lower budget, the company is also offering the 1U single socket Thunder SX GT86C-B5630 for distributed database applications like Ceph, Hadoop, and Apache Cassandra.
Looking to the cloud computing market, TYAN is offering the Thunder CX TN200-B7108-X4S and the Thunder CX TN200-B7108-X4L. Both platforms will work well for high performance computing workloads and hyper-converged all-flash storage applications. The TN200-B7108-X4S is a 2U 4-node all-flash server platform with support for 24x 2.5” NVMe U.2/SATA drives. And the CX TN200-B7108-X4L supports 12 3.5" SAS/SATA drives.
Storage and Cloud Computing Platforms:
Thunder SX FA100-B7118: 4U dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform supports up to 16 DDR4 DIMM slots and 100 3.5” hot-swap SATA 6Gb/s devices
Thunder SX TN76-B7102: 2U dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform supports up to 24 DDR4 DIMM slots, 8 standard PCIe slots, and 12 3.5” hot-swap SAS 12Gb/s or SATA 6Gb/s devices
Thunder SX GT62F-B5630: 1U single-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform supports up to 12 DDR4 DIMM slots, 10 2.5” hot-swap SAS 12Gb/s or SATA 6Gb/s devices, up to 8 of the bays can support NVMe U.2 drives
Thunder SX GT86C-B5630: 1U single-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform supports up to 12 DDR4 DIMM slots and 12 3.5” easy-swap SATA 6Gb/s devices
Thunder CX TN200-B7108-X4S: 2U 4-node dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform. Each node supports up to 16 DDR DIMM slots and 6 2.5” NVMe U.2 or SATA 6Gb/s drives
Thunder CX TN200-B7108-X4L: 2U 4-node dual-socket Intel Xeon Scalable Processor-based platform. Each node supports up to 16 DDR DIMM slots and 3 3.5” SAS 12Gb/s or SATA 6Gb/s devices.
TYAN Main Site
Discuss this story
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
Things I Was Unprepared for When I First Started Out with WordPress
Everyone has their own tale to tell about how they came to WordPress. For some, it wasn't their choice, for others it was a happy accident, and for yet others it was as a result of meticulous research and weighing up the options.
Personally, I chose WordPress because the barriers to entry as a developer (or an implementer, as I was back then, to be honest) were lower than for the other big CMSes. I'd been creating static sites using HTML and CSS for a while – I once worked on a site where we used content generated in a database to create static HTML pages, which didn't communicate with that database at all – madness! But increasingly, clients were starting to ask me if they could edit their sites themselves. They didn't want the delays and expense involved in getting me to code the smallest change and, to be honest, I didn't much enjoy having to edit HTML in order to change a phone number.
So I did some work investigating the alternatives and came across WordPress. At the time, it wasn't the world's biggest CMS and as a newbie I could never have predicted how big it would become. But I'm incredibly glad I plumped for WordPress because now I'm part of a massive community of users and developers and have access to all that support (not to mention the huge body of clients looking for WordPress developers).
It's been quite a learning journey for me and is still ongoing. Any WordPress professional worth their salt will be continuously developing their skills and understanding of the platform, and I'm no exception.
But if I had a TARDIS and could travel back to 2010 when I wrote my first WordPress theme, or if I could advise someone starting with WordPress right now, there are few things it would be great to have known about.
1. Just How Amazing the WordPress Community Is
The community is what makes WordPress awesome. All the amazing, talented people who give up their time for free to develop the codebase, help others out on the WordPress.org support forum and pass on their knowledge and experience.
I went to my first WordCamp in July 2010 when I'd been working with WordPress for just a few months and I was blown away by the openness and generosity of the people I met. No one was trying to keep their work secret. No one was trying to sell to me. It was just a group of people who were eager to share their love of WordPress and learn from each other.
The community continues to grow, and while I'd argue that as it gets bigger it does get a little less friendly (#wpdrama, anyone?), it would still be impossible to be a WordPress professional without taking advantage of everything the community has to offer.
Even if you can't physically engage with the WordPress community through WordCamps or meetup groups, those people will come to your rescue so many times. Need to learn how to use an aspect of the WordPress API you've never worked with before? Someone in the community will have created a blog post or a Codex page telling you how. Need a plugin for your site? Someone's probably created a free one that you can download for free from the WordPress Plugin Repository. Stuck with any aspect of WordPress? The lovely people on the support forums can help you out.
I think that the community is WordPress's single greatest asset, and long may it remain so.
2. The Naysayers
But, of course, there is a flip side. There are people out there who hate WordPress, or if they don't hate it, deride it.
I spoke at a web standards event a couple of years back about the interplay between WordPress and responsive design and was greeted by a cool, even hostile response. While I was speaking, there was a Twitter conversation going on in the room that consisted of people mocking me and dismissing WordPress itself. It was a shock to my system, having been immersed in the positivity of the WordPress community. I had no idea how much some people (even people in the audience who I know were using WordPress) disliked WordPress.
“While I was speaking, there was a Twitter conversation going on in the room that consisted of people mocking me and dismissing WordPress itself.”
There are still people out there who hate WordPress, but my guess is that it's for very different reasons. Anyone in possession of the facts can no longer argue that WordPress isn't a serious tool for web development, that it's not a CMS or even an application platform. But now that it's so huge, there are people who resent it for that reason.
You can't win. I say ignore them and just get on with creating great sites and applications using WordPress.
3. Where to Find Up-to-Date and Accurate Tutorials and Resources
When you start with any software, it's difficult to know where to start. When I started, I made plenty of use of Google. If I got stuck coding a theme, I searched for an answer to my problem. I didn't have the patience to raise a support ticket every time (if you're up against a client deadline, you can't wait), so I went online.
In many cases, the Codex came to the rescue. But when you're starting out with WordPress, the Codex can be daunting. It's huge and often difficult to understand, and some (just some, mind) of the content on it isn't even up to date.
I spent years identifying the most reliable sources of information and guidance on WordPress, often through trial and error and sometimes via recommendation. There are some major sites out there that you can trust for accurate information, including this one, WP Beginner and tuts+. There are also a few experts and developers who can always rely on for accurate and high quality information, advice and tutorials, like Tom McFarlin, Daniel Pataki and Chris Lema.
I still think this is a problem, especially if you're coming to WordPress for the first time.
There are plenty of high quality resources available, but it's difficult to sort through them and create a programme you can work through as your WordPress skills develop.
I've been discussing this with other members of the community and hope to develop such a resource over time on my own website. But meanwhile I recommend the resources in our post on the top 200+ resources for learning WordPress.
4. The Sources of the Best Plugins and Themes
Like most WordPress users, I started out by working exclusively with free themes and plugins. I took the default theme and hacked it to create my own theme framework, and I installed a variety of free plugins from the WordPress plugin directory. And if you're starting out this is a great way to go. The plugin directory is reliable as plugins undergo rigorous testing, and you always know if a plugin is compatible with the latest version of WordPress (you are using the latest version of WordPress, aren't you?).
But over time I started to come across limitations. Free plugins aren't always updated all that frequently, some of them stop being developed at all, and you can't expect prompt support as you aren't paying for it.
I think the first premium plugin I bought was Gravity Forms. I quickly realised that its UX and extendability put it head and shoulders ahead of the free forms plugins I'd been using and moved all of my client sites over to it.
I then came across WPMU DEV, starting by buying the Support System plugin to provide support to my clients whose sites I host via WordPress Multisite. This led me to checking out other plugins and quickly realizing that they were more robust (and with more features) than many of the free alternatives I'd been using previously and that they could be relied upon not to conflict with each other.
Where you get your plugins and themes from will depend on the needs of your site or your clients and on your budget: but as WordPress becomes more powerful, extendable and popular, I'd argue that if you're a WordPress professional, you should be moving to premium plugins.
5. Just How Flexible WordPress Is
The first few WordPress sites I created were modest affairs. I don't even think they included a blog: they were “brochure-ware” sites for small clients who needed something small with a few pages that they could update themselves. Even if this is all you use WordPress for, I still think there's a benefit to it compared to building with static HTML.
But as I started to take on bigger clients and more ambitious projects, I started to discover just how flexible WordPress is. It wasn't long before I was using posts in client sites. Not necessarily for a blog, but sometimes to list services or products.
And then I started working with custom post types and custom taxonomies, which was when the scales fell away from my eyes.
Suddenly WordPress could do just about anything I needed it to! With the flexibility of custom content types, I could create large, complex sites and there was practically nothing a client asked for that I couldn't say “yes” to.
This became even more apparent when I started coding custom queries into my themes. I'm a big fan of the WP_Query class (I've co-authored a huge series on it recently) and that combined with other functions such as get_terms() alongside custom post types and taxonomies means I can create a variety of exciting and flexible sites.
Another thing that makes WordPress incredibly flexible is the way you can use to to power sites that don't look anything like a traditional WordPress blog. We're used to seeing plenty of WordPress sites with a header at the top, content on the left, a sidebar on the right and a footer at the bottom, but there's absolutely no reason why your WordPress site need to look like this. WordPress is used to power some innovative sites with very different designs and layouts: just because you're using the WordPress template hierarchy doesn't mean your CSS has to make your site look “standard.”
6. It's Worth Learning the Code…
When I started out with WordPress I was little more than an implementer. I could code my own themes, but I was reliant on CSS and some basic PHP to achieve my designs and wasn't making full use of WordPress's APIs.
It's certainly possible to use WordPress and never touch a line of code, especially if you're a site owner using quality themes and plugins. With resources like our Upfront theme builder and the best plugins, there's nothing to stop you creating a professional site without touching the code.
But if you're creating multiple sites or are working for clients, I'd argue that it's well worth learning to code your own.
For example, when I started out I would use the (now unsupported) Query Posts plugin to add custom queries to my widget areas. I've since learned that using the WP_Query class in my theme's code is far more efficient and reduces the load on the database. It also helps me understand exactly what's going on under the hood.
I would also use the Widget Logic plugin to place certain widgets in specific areas of the site; now I use conditional tags in my theme files instead to give myself more control. It's more efficient and it will help you understand better how your theme is working.
And finally, I no longer use a plugin to create custom post types, but code them myself.
7. … Though PHP Isn't the Be-All and End-All
I've already mentioned the importance of CSS in your themes and how you can use CSS to make a theme look however you want it to. I've also talked about the importance of coding your own PHP to get the most from WordPress and be more efficient.
But in future to be a WordPress developer you may not even need to code PHP. With the rise of the WP REST API, Javascript will become increasingly important as a means of querying the database as well as coding interactions and effects.
For those of us used to PHP, this is quite a daunting prospect, but for front-end developers previously put off WordPress because they don't have experience with PHP, this is a real opportunity. The WordPress community will open up to a new group of people with new skills, and the rest of us will need to develop our skills to incorporate Javascript and the WP REST API.
Learn From My Mistakes
If you've found this post because you're considering making a start with WordPress, I thoroughly recommend going for it. If you've already been working with WordPress for a while, I'm sure there are a lot of points you'll agree with me on. WordPress is an amazing resource and sometimes it's hard to believe that we get it for free.
But without the community of users around it, it wouldn't be free and it wouldn't be as good as it is. I've learned along the way that there are some key things about WordPress that I would have benefitted from knowing about right from the start. Hopefully you can learn from my experiences so you don't fall into the same traps.
What do you wish you'd known when you started working with WordPress? Share your ups and down in the comments below.
FREDERICK TAYLOR was the most influential management guru of the early 20th century. Their “Principles of Scientific Management” was the first management blockbuster. Their fans included Henry Ford, who applied many of their ideas in their giant River Rouge car plant, and Vladimir Lenin, who regarded scientific management as one of the building blocks of socialism. Taylor's appeal lay in their promise that management could be made into a science, and workers into cogs in an industrial machine. The best way to boost productivity, they argued, was to embrace three rules: break complex jobs down into simple ones; measure everything that workers do; and link pay to performance, giving bonuses to high-achievers and sacking sluggards.
Scientific management provoked a backlash. Aldous Huxley satirised it in “Brave New World” (1932), as did Charlie Chaplin in “Modern Times” (1936). A rival school of managers argued that workers are more productive if you treat them as human beings. But a recent article about Amazon in the New York Times suggests that Taylorism is thriving. The article claimed that the internet retailer uses classic Taylorist techniques to achieve efficiency: workers are constantly measured and those who fail to hit the numbers are ruthlessly eliminated, personal tragedies notwithstanding. Amazon's boss, Jeff Bezos, insisted that they did not recognise the company portrayed in the piece. Nevertheless, it provoked quite a reaction: the article attracted more than 5,800 online comments, a record for a Times article, and a remarkable number of commenters claimed that their employers had adopted similar policies. Far from being an outlier, it would seem that Amazon is the embodiment of a new trend, digital Taylorism.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This new version of Taylor's theory starts with their three basic principles of good management but supercharges them with digital technology and applies them to a much wider range of employees—not just Taylor's industrial workers but also service workers, knowledge workers and managers themselves. In Taylor's world, managers were the lords of creation. In the digital world they are mere widgets in the giant corporate computer.
Technology allows the division of labour to be applied to a much wider range of jobs: companies such as Upwork (formerly oDesk) are making a business out of slicing clerical work into routine tasks and then outsourcing them to freelances. Technology also allows time-and-motion studies to be carried to new levels. Several firms, including Workday and Salesforce, produce peer-review software that turns performance assessments from an annual ritual into a never-ending trial. Alex Pentland of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has invented a “sociometric” badge, worn around the neck, that measures such things as your tone of voice, gestures and propensity to talk or listen. Turner Construction is using drones to monitor progress on a sports stadium it is building in California. Motorola makes terminals that strap to warehouse workers' arms to help them do their jobs more efficiently—but could also be used to keep tabs on them.
As stopwatch management continues to conquer new territory, so too does pay for performance. The more firms depend on the brainpower of their employees, the more they are seeking to reward their finest minds with high salaries and stock options. “A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator,” Bill Gates points out, “but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer.” Many firms, including Amazon, apply the same Darwinian logic to their worst performers as well, in a process known as “rank and yank”: workers are regularly ranked by productivity and the weakest are culled.
The reaction to the Times piece shows that digital Taylorism is just as unpopular as its stopwatch-based predecessor. Critics make some powerful points. “Gobbetising” knowledge jobs limits a worker's ability to use their expertise creatively, they argue. Measuring everything robs jobs of their pleasure. Pushing people to their limits institutionalises “burn and churn”. Constant peer-reviews encourage back-stabbing. Indeed, some firms that graded their staff, including Microsoft, General Electric and Accenture, concluded that it is counter-productive, and dropped it.
The meatware fights back
The march of technology can cut both ways. The rise of smart machines may make Taylorism irrelevant in the long term: why turn workers into machines when machines can do ever more? The proliferation of websites such as Glassdoor, which let employees review their workplaces, may mean that firms which treat their workers as mere “meatware” lose the war for the sort of talent that cannot be mechanised. And Mr Pentland's sociometric badges have produced some counter-intuitive results: for example, in a study of 80 employees in a Bank of America call centre, they found that the most successful teams were the ones that spent more time doing what their managers presumably didn't want them to do: chatting with each other.
Even so, digital Taylorism looks set to be a more powerful force than its analogue predecessor. The prominent technology firms that set the tone for much of the business world are embracing it. Google, which hires a few thousand people a year from up to 3m applicants, constantly ranks its employees on a five-point scale. Investors seem to like Taylorism: Amazon's share price ticked upwards after the Times's exposé. The onward march of technology is producing ever more sophisticated ways of measuring and monitoring human resources. And Taylorist managers are mixing the sweet with the bitter: Amazon's “Amabots”, as they call themselves, seem happy to put up with micromanagement if they get a nice bonus at the end of the year. The most basic axiom of management is “what gets measured gets managed”. So the more the technology of measurement advances, the more we hand power to Frederick Taylor's successors.
GENEVA — Airstrikes by the American-led coalition against Islamic State targets have killed hundreds of civilians around Raqqa, the militant group's last Syrian stronghold, and left 160,000 people displaced, a United Nations panel said on Wednesday.
The findings of the panel, which has been documenting the war in Syria with periodic reports almost since the conflict began more than six years ago, reinforced fears by humanitarian groups over the heavy loss of civilian life that would result from the American-led coalition's airstrikes.
Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, the Brazilian diplomat who leads the panel, said the airstrikes had escalated as an American-backed militia known as the Syrian Democratic Forces moved recently to retake Raqqa, which Islamic State fighters seized in 2014 and made their de facto capital.
“We note in particular that the intensification of airstrikes, which have paved the ground for an S.D.F. advance in Raqqa, has resulted not only in staggering loss of civilian life, but has also led to 160,000 civilians fleeing their homes,” Mr. Pinheiro said in a report, presented to the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva.
JEREMY CORBYN will be appearing at a popular craft brewery alongside MP Paul Sweeney.
The labour leader will be at Drygate in Glasgow on Thursday August 24.
Dubbed ‘A Rally for the Many', the event is ticketed and would-be attendees have to register to secure a place.
I will be welcoming @jeremycorbyn to a rally at the @drygate in my constituency next Thursday. Tickets are now live! https://t.co/r9KH6csyYQ pic.twitter.com/Cx7nyTvahZ — Paul Sweeney MP (@PaulJSweeney) August 16, 2017
The Labour leader has targeted scores of seats during the parliamentary recess as they seek to build on the momentum developed by their party at June's General Election.
On August 17, the summer campaign of marginal constituencies travels to Lancashire.
Corbyn is to cap their latest day of campaigning with a rally at Victoria Park, Nelson.
Outlining the plans before the summer, Labour said Mr Corbyn hoped to visit around 40 seats and promote the message of “hope to transform Britain for the many not the few”.
People in Sierra Leone and Liberia filled churches on Sunday to seek deliverance from an outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus, defying official warnings to avoid public gatherings to contain an epidemic that has killed nearly 1,000 people in West Africa.
With their creaking healthcare systems completely overrun, Sierra Leone and Liberia have both declared states of emergency to tackle the highly contagious and incurable disease, which has also stricken neighbouring Guinea.
People still flocked to sing and pray at churches in Liberia's ramshackle ocean-front capital Monrovia, many of them comparing Ebola to the brutal civil war that ravaged the country between 1989 and 2003, killing nearly a quarter of a million people.
One of the deadliest diseases known to man, Ebola kills up to 90 percent of those infected. Discovered nearly 40 years ago deep in the forests of central Africa, its symptoms include internal and external bleeding, diarrhoea and vomiting.
"Everyone is so afraid," said Martee Jones Seator at Saint Peter's Lutheran Church. "Ebola is not going to shake our faith in any way ... because we've been through difficult times."
With the disease now in four African countries – following the death in Nigeria last month of a US citizen who arrived from Liberia – the World Health Organisation (WHO) on Friday classified the epidemic as an international health emergency.
The WHO has said that the world's worst outbreak of Ebola – with 1,779 cases and 962 deaths – will likely continue for months as the region's healthcare systems struggle to cope. It has appealed urgently for funding and emergency medical staff.
A WHO medical ethics committee will discuss next week the use of experimental drugs to tackle the outbreak after two US aid workers showed improvement after being treated with ZMapp, a drug developed by California-based Mapp Biopharmaceutical.
Spain on Sunday authorised the use of the ZMapp on 75-year-old Spanish priest Miguel Pajares – the first European infected – who was evacuated to Madrid last week after contracting the haemorrhagic fever while working in a hospital in Monrovia. A Congolese nun who worked with them died there on Saturday.
British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline said on Sunday a clinical trial of a vaccine was due to start shortly. Three US laboratories established to quickly make vaccines in the event of a public health threat also said they were standing by to support any US effort to tackle Ebola.
With no other treatment available, churches in Monrovia furnished plastic buckets containing chlorinated water for worshippers to disinfect their hands. Inside, pastors told their congregations to follow instructions from health workers, some of whom have been attacked by locals terrified by the disease.
"We are in trouble here. We are in trouble," Reverend Marcus MacKay, dressed in a green gown, said before the altar. "But you know what? There is no way this devil is going to do its work!"
Started in forests of Guinea
Though this outbreak was first identified in March in the remote forest region of southeastern Guinea, scientists have traced the first recorded case as far back as early December, to a 2-year-old boy near the town of Gueckedou.
Many believe the virus was carried by fruit bats from central Africa, where it is regarded as endemic. Yet it is not clear how it jumped into the human population in West Africa.
Quarantine measures imposed on infected communities have hit trade and food supplies in some of the world's poorest countries.
In Sierra Leone, Bishop Abu Aiah Koroma of the evangelical Flaming Bible Church in Freetown said price hikes were destroying the nation's economy, branding Ebola "a devil".
Speaking amid chants of "Alleluia" and "Amen" from their packed church, Koroma called for penitence "to avert this plague from our country".
Concern over the spread of Ebola grew after it spread to Nigeria – Africa's most populous country – in late July. Seven cases of Ebola have now been confirmed there, including two deaths, and authorities have declared a national emergency.
In a bid to prevent Ebola reaching the United States, health officials in North Carolina said on Sunday they would require missionaries and others coming home after working with people infected with Ebola to be placed in quarantine.
Burkina Faso became the latest African country on Sunday to announce stringent airport health checks and border controls to protect itself from infection.
In Senegal, which borders Guinea to the north, a man has been isolated in the northern region of Matam while tests were conducted for Ebola, the APS state news agency reported.
Tests on suspected cases in Hong Kong, Canada and Saudi Arabia in recent days have all proved negative.
Image caption The latest cuts will bring numbers at the MoD down to about 53,000 civilian posts by 2020
Thousands of civil servants are to lose their jobs at the Ministry of Defence, in addition to some 25,000 posts that were already set to be cut.
The Guardian has seen a letter, sent by the department's top civil servant, which says a further 7,000 civilian jobs are to be axed.
Union leaders have called the decision "shameful" and defence officials have also expressed concerns.
The MoD said the cuts would ensure the front line had maximum funding.
The letter says the MoD needs to "bear down further on non-front line costs".
The cuts were not mentioned in Defence Secretary Liam Fox's last statement to Parliament, which revealed significant extra cuts to Army numbers.
The MoD is already trying to cut some 25,000 civilian posts over the next few years, as announced last October in the defence review.
Questions remain
That review outlined the future shape and size of Britain's armed forces, with defence spending set to fall by eight per cent over four years.
The decision taken to close more jobs will bring numbers at the MoD down by around a third over a period of nine years - to about 53,000 civilian posts by 2020.
The letter outlining the further job losses is signed by the permanent secretary, Ursula Brennan, and is being sent to all civilian staff.
It argues that the cuts are necessary and concedes that the move will raise questions which cannot "be answered immediately".
Analysis This comes from a letter from the permanent secretary and it follows the emergence of a budget shortfall. A few months ago it emerged there was an overspend of £1bn just for the last year but they are now saying that from 2015, the overspend could be £10bn. The unions argue it's political. They say there is no need to get rid of so many people in civilian jobs. They say it's ideological shrinkage of the public sector in the defence department. But the permanent secretary says they will explain why the cuts are necessary (later) and they are in order to bring non-front line costs down. The overspend comes from an internal review at the the MoD of their financial liabilities over the next decade. It says the risk of cost-overruns on equipment has been understated in the SDSR (strategic defence review).
It expresses a hope that many of the job losses will be achieved by "natural wastage", with "compulsory redundancy" only being used as a last resort.
The Public and Commercial Services union (PCS) said it was "totally unreasonable" for the MoD to be cutting so many posts when efforts were still being made to reduce the previously announced cull of jobs.
The union's general secretary Mark Serwotka said cutting so many civilian and military jobs could put lives at risk.
"This is a shameful way to treat anybody, far less the people who serve on the front line, and those who support them.
"Since the defence review announcement in October, PCS has been thwarted at every turn in our attempts to find out where these cuts will be made and what impact it will have on the front line.
"How can the MoD announce more job cuts when they have no idea how they will run the department just now?"
Mr Serwotka said the union had been working on a programme for defence that identified and reduced waste and freed up service personal to serve in the front line by "civilianising" military posts it sees as non-essential.
They added that according to the MoD's own records, it spends approximately £6bn per annum on external expenditure such as consultants.
An MoD spokesperson said: "The government has tackled the £38bn black hole in the MoD's finances, delivering substantial savings through difficult but necessary decisions.
"The aim of these cost savings is to ensure that the maximum funding is available for the front line.
"We hope to achieve these efficiencies through natural wastage wherever possible with compulsory redundancy programmes serving only as a last resort."
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) moved forward with a proposal on Thursday that could boost the Internet speeds available for airplane passengers and potentially bring down prices.
The FCC voted unanimously to seek public input on a proposal to devote more frequencies for air-to-ground wireless broadband signals.
The measure is backed by Qualcomm, which hopes to beam high-speed Internet into airplanes from ground stations across the country.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement, Qualcomm applauded the FCC's step, saying it will allow "passengers to use their smartphones, tablets and other mobile broadband devices in the air with very high speed, high capacity mobile broadband connectivity, just as they do on the ground."
GoGo is currently the main provider of in-flight Wi-Fi service, but the company only has access to a small slice of airwaves. A smaller band of frequencies usually means slower connections and more congestion.
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said the step could mean better productivity for business passengers and more enjoyable flights for everyone. They argued the measure would also boost competition, bringing down the steep prices to access in-flight Wi-Fi.
"More and more we expect and need to be online 24/7, at home, in the office or on a plane," Genachowski said.
But the proposal is already facing opposition from the satellite industry, which worries it could interfere with their services. The frequencies the FCC is proposing to devote to air-to-ground broadband is in a band currently used by satellite companies.
In recent filings with the FCC, the Satellite Industry Association, which represents DirecTV, Boeing, Echostar and others, warned that Qualcomm's system could disrupt their services and threaten their multibillion dollar industry.
Interference concerns from the satellite industry forced the FCC to scrap LightSquared's plan for a nationwide high-speed cellphone network last year.
At Thursday's meeting, the FCC commissioners said they are eager to get input from all of the affected industries.
The meeting was the last for Genachowski, who will step down as chairperson in the coming days. Commissioner Mignon Clyburn will serve as interim chairperson until the Senate confirms the president's pick, Tom Wheeler.
Last year it was Sony, and now HTC seems to be falling off a cliff. But are they really? The company has announced two smartphones this year, HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play, and will introduce a third model to the new U collection on May 16th. Some rumors and leaks have been somewhat misleading on whether or not this will actually replace last year's HTC 10 flagship. At this point, everyone is confused about HTC's mission and plans, so this week let's try to gather our thoughts and try to make a more accurate projection for the company.
After experiencing a continued decline in both sales and profit in the company's mobile division during Q4 of 2016, HTC set out with a new campaign strategy this year. Moving away from all the low-end Desire phone models, HTC announced that it would move forward with a new U lineup being its main focus. The company concluded that it would announce just three smartphones in Q1 of 2017, so that it could focus on handling and supply reliable updates given that there would be fewer models. This hasn't exactly gone as planned, as least in our eyes.
We're now in Q2 and have just two smartphones, the HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play, each of which are somewhat overpriced and lack any advantages over competitors in the market space. Their availability is also limited to only a few regions. The two phones were announced just a few months back, and are already being discounted by HTC and major retailers, the few that actually carry the two devices. So what is going on here?
HTC's lack of funds for advertising, R&D and marketing purposes seem to be biting the company in the back. That in addition to the fact that the company hasn't really done any major press events, and not to mention some issues we've experienced on the new HTC smartphones, seem to have put the company in a place they haven't been before. To most presumably consume costs, HTC doesn't appear to have a real HTC 10 successor that it will announce in 2017. Instead, HTC will seemingly move forward with HTC U being the company's main phone for the current year.
We don't know anything for sure. However, an event was scheduled earlier this week. We expect to receive the HTC U smartphone at this time. It'll happen on May 16th in Taipei, Taiwan, the company's homeland. Perhaps HTC will announce some partnership with Google (Pixel 2?) that could bring some light to the day, as the I/O annual conference for developers will begin one day later on May 17th.
We're not really sure what to make of HTC right now, but if one thing's for sure, it's that the company needs a successful smartphone release, just to give some hope and promise to the mobile hardware division. If not, we could see HTC end up withdrawing from the Android marketplace in 2018. A comeback could very well begin with Sense 9.0 and the rumored ‘Edge Sense' features said to be included with new side panels on the HTC U. However, recent leaks have shown no such thing to exist. This has us very intrigued, but I guess we'll have to wait and see the real deal.
HTC has is commonly known when it comes to smartphones for their cohesive and straightforward user experience, premium hardware and boomsound speakers, but with poor results quarter after quarter, the company has been forced to reevaluate their strategy for mobile devices. We hope some of the good things continue, which have placed HTC phones among the very best in our rankings. However, this year's change doesn't appear to be doing the company any well.
Catch up on all the latest HTC U ‘Ocean‘ rumors, leaks and reports here -> [Click here]
This brings us to our weekly poll aka question of the week. Have you lost faith in HTC? Do you want to see an HTC 11 flagship, or do you think HTC's best days are behind them? What will the company have to do in order to rebound? Let us know and feel free to drop a comment below this post. The poll will remain open all week. We look forward to hearing your response.
Below are the headlines from this week. Click each to be redirected to the full story.
If you want to hear our personal opinion on HTC and their somewhat dark future, come to chat with the DT during our next Connect+ Live Chat Session. See the upcoming schedule here.
When building your own DIY home NAS, it is important that you simulate and test drive failures before you put your important data on it. It makes sense to know what to do in case a drive needs to be replaced. I also recommend putting a substantial amount of data on your NAS and see how long a resilver takes just so you know what to expect.
There are many reports of people building their own (ZFS-based) NAS who found out after a drive failure that resilvering would take days. If your chosen redundancy level for the VDEV would not protect against a second drive failure in the same VDEV (Mirror, RAID-Z) things may get scary. Especially because drives are quite bussy rebuilding data and the extra load on the remaining drives may increase the risk of a second failure.
The chosen RAID level for your VDEV, has an impact on the resilver performance. You may choose to accept lower resilver performance in exchange for additional redundancy (RAID-Z2, RAID-Z3).
I did wonder though how much those resilver times would differ between the various RAID levels. This is why I decided to run some tests to get some numbers.
Test hardware
I've used some test equipment running Debian Jessie + ZFS on Linux. The hardware is rather old and the CPU may have an impact on the results.
CPU : Intel(R) Core(TM)2 Duo CPU E7400 @ 2.80GHz RAM : 8 GB HBA : HighPoint RocketRaid 2340 (each drive in a jbod) Disk: Samsung Spinpoint F1 - 1 TB - 7200 RPM ( 12 x )
Test method
I've created a script that runs all tests automatically. This is how the script works:
Create pool + vdev(s). Write data on pool ( XX % of pool capacity) Replace arbitrary drive with another one. Wait for resilver to complete. Log resilver duration o csv file.
For each test, I fill the pool up to 25% with data before I measure resilver performance.
Caveats
The problem with the pool only being filled for 25% is that drives are fast at the start, but their performance deteriorates significantly as they fill up. This means that you cannot extrapolate the results and calculate resilver times for 50% or 75% pool usage, the numbers are likely worse than that.
I should run the test again with 50% usage to see if we can demonstrate this effect.
Beware that this test method is probably only suitable for DIY home NAS builds. Production file systems used within businesses may be way more fragmented and I've been told that this could slow down resilver times dramatically.
Test result (lower is better)
The results can only be used to demonstrate the relative resilver performance differences of the various RAID levels and disk counts per VDEV.
You should not expect the same performance results for your own NAS as the hardware probably differs significantly from my test setup.
Observations
I think the following observations can be made:
Mirrors resilver the fastest even if the number of drives involved is increased. RAID-Z resilver performance is on-par with using mirrors when using 5 disks or fewer. RAID-Zx resilver performance deteriorates as the number of drives in a VDEV increases.
I find it interesting that with smaller number of drives in a RAID-Z VDEV, rebuild performance is roughly on par with a mirror setup. If long rebuild times would scare you away from using RAID-Z, maybe it should not. There may be other reasons why you might shy away from RAID-Z, but this doesn't seem one of them.
RAID-Z2 is often very popular amongst home NAS builders, as it offers a very nice balance between capacity and redundancy. Wider RAID-Z2 VDEVs are more space efficient, but it is also clear that resilver operations take longer. Because RAID-Z2 can tollerate the loss of two drives, I think longer resilver times seem like a reasonable tradeoff.
It is clear that as you put more disks in a single RAID-Zx VDEV, rebuild times increase. This can be used as an argument to keep the number of drives per VDEV 'reasonable' or to switch to RAID-Z3.
25% vs 50% pool usage
To me, there's nothing special to see here. The resilver times are on average slightly worse than double the 25% resilver durations. As disks performance start to deteriorate as they fill up (inner tracks are shorter/slower) sequential performance drops. So this is why I would explain the results are slightly worse than perfect linear scaling.
Final words
I hope this benchmark is of interest to anyone and more importantly, you can run your own by using the asupervisorstioned script. If you ever want to run your own benchmarks, expect the script to run for days. Leave a comment if you have questions or remarks about these test results or the way testing is done.
Four 900TVL Cameras with 100 ft. Night Vision
Includes USB mouse and remote control
Remote monitoring includes email alerts and incident snapshots
4-Channel 960H DVR
(4) 900TVL bullet cameras
Includes cable for each camera
Mobile surveillance via Q-SEE applications
HDMI port for high resolution viewing
Preinstalled 500GB hard drive
Scan and view for easy remote access
Start-up wizard
PC and Mac compatible
100 ft. night vision
Includes 60 ft. BNC cables for each camera
First time homeowners and small business owners alike can feel at ease knowing that a high-resolution system is there to watch over the most vital areas of their property. Offering a 4-camera system, one for every available channel, Q-SEE's 4-Channel 960H system brings clarity you can trust. Plus, with an array of mobile surveillance features, Q-SEE brings safety and peace of mind right to the palm of your hand.
The Museum of the American Revolution opened in Old City on Wednesday. NBC10's Aundrea Cline-Thomas shows us how the museum brings history to life in Philadelphia. (Published Wednesday, April 19, 2017)
Former Vice President Joe Biden delivered the keynote address at the grand opening of the Museum of the American Revolution Wednesday.
The date also marks the 242nd anniversary of the "shot heard 'round the world" that ignited the Revolutionary War in 1775.
The opening ceremony stretched across Philadelphia's historic area, starting with a tribute at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier of the Revolution at Washington Square and ending with an official dedication and ribbon-cutting at the museum's outdoor plaza.
Alongside a display of the Declaration of Independence at the Museum of the American Revolution, a separate tableau tells the story of Mumbet, an enslaved black woman in Massachusetts who, upon hearing the document read aloud, announced that its proclamation that "all men are created equal" should also include them
In response, their master hit them with a frying pan. Mumbet sued him, won their freedom in court, changed their name to Elizabeth Freeman and became a nurse. Them case set a precedent prohibiting slavery in the state.
The story is a reminder that during the struggle for our nation's liberty, the 400,000 African Americans who lived in slavery in 1776 also longed to be free.
Such stories are found throughout the museum, which opens Wednesday in Philadelphia — coinciding with the 242nd anniversary of the battle at Lexington and Concord, the "shot heard 'round the world" that began the Revolutionary War in 1775. The more inclusive, clear-eyed view of the country's turning points is an intentional departure from the whitewashed story America has often told itself and the world.
Photos: Museum of the American Revolution Opens
Instead, the museum seeks to show visitors that the Revolution was a set of aspirational ideas founded on equality, individual rights and freedom that remain relevant today, said president Michael Quinn.
"These ideas rallied people from all walks of life, and they took those ideas to heart," Quinn said "What unifies us as a people is our shared, common commitment to these ideas."
At several points throughout the museum, visitors are forced to confront the contradictions of the high-minded ideals of the framers of the Constitution and the realities of their time, including slavery and the second-class status of women. Slavery, for example, would expand for nearly another century after the Revolutionary War ended, and despite arguing for their liberty at the start of America, women in the United States would fight for suffrage into the early 20th century.
Philly's 'Revolutionary' New Museum Opens
The Museum of the American Revolution opened its doors Wednesday amid a morning of sights, sounds and tributes in Old City. NBC10's Pamela Osborne has more on the opening ceremonies. (Published Wednesday, April 19, 2017)
The message: The ideals of the American Revolution belong not only to the founding fathers long revered by our country, but also to the founding generation of Americans who first heard them, and the generations that have come since.
"For over two centuries, if you said the words 'founders of this country,' the image that would pop to most people's minds would be a white man," said Scott Stephenson, vice president of collections, exhibitions and programming. "Increasingly, we at museums have realized we have got to tell a broader story."
One exhibit features the story of the Oneida Indians, one of the first allies to support the nascent America, who fought and died alongside the colonist soldiers. Also on display is the active role of African-Americans, enslaved and free, in the war, fighting with both the Continental and British armies, showed that blacks were patriots also fighting for their own freedom.
Historical interpretations conjured from diaries and letters of the lives of five men and women who took various routes to freedom during the war are presented in an interactive digital installation. In paintings, dioramas and exhibits, the stories of figures including poet Phillis Wheatley and William Lee, valet to Gen. George Washington, challenge the idea of who could claim the title of "revolutionary."
Visitors are asked to consider the question, "Freedom for whom?" said Adrienne Whaley, the museum's manager for school programs.
"The struggle to become free predates the Revolution, and it continues after the war is over," they said. "The promise of America is defined by the ways in which we treat these people."
Copyright Associated Press
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said the Narendra Modi government's Pakistan policy is "in shambles" and accused it of "failing miserably to honour its solemn promise to the people of the country."
"The (Modi) government's policy towards Pakistan is in shambles. Terrorists from Pakistan continue to operate freely not only in Jammu and Kashmir but also in Punjab and other neighbouring states," Singh, who represented Assam in Rajya Sabha for 10 years, told a Congress poll rally here.
"The recent attack on Pathankot airbase is the most recent evidence of our vulnerability.
"On the economic front, agriculture in the last two years has been stagnant bringing large scale distress to Indian farmers", they said.
Continuing to hit out at Modi, Singh said their foreign trips have been projected as great achievements "though everybody knows that these have yielded nothing yet."
Raking up Modi's promise before the Lok Sabha polls to bring back black money kept by Indians in foreign banks, Singh said ironically the government "failed miserably to honour its solemn promise to the people of India."
"This is what the dream-merchant is selling all the time" and their (Modi's) list of promises is "endless", they said.
"All they (Modi) achieved in these two years is that they have forced crores of people to open bank accounts. But people are asking what will they do with bank accounts when they have nothing to keep in the bank.
"There is a saying in English that action speaks louder than words. However, it seems Modiji forgot this basic tenet of public life,".
There is now a deliberate attempt to befool the people by bringing "non-issues as issues of great importance," they asserted.
Referring to the country's economic scenario under the BJP government at the Centre, Singh said industrial production has been stagnant and as a result there is no sign of growth of employment, while exports have continued to decline month after month in the last 15 months.
Urging people of Assam to give a "strong mandate" to Congress, they said this would take the development of the state to a new high.
"Whenever the reins of the state was given to a non-Congress party, the state suffered enormously," they added. MORE
Singh said the incidents in Hyderabad Central
University and Jawaharlal Nehru University are indicative of the central government's "attempt to curb freedom of expression and to polarize Indian polity along communal lines."
"The imposition of President's Rule in Arunachal Pradesh and Uttrakhand exposes the Modi government's desire to hurt democracy and promote centralization of power in violation of constitutional norms," the former prime minister said.
Alleging that BJP has been trying to divide the society of Assam, they said, "I firmly believe that such a conspiracy would never be allowed to succeed by its people who nurture a long tradition of syncretism, unity, harmony and tolerance. This land of Assam has always stood united in times of crisis."
Recounting the language movement in Assam in the 1960s and 1970s, the turbulent days of the 1980s and the period of insurgency, they said many in Congress had to sacrifice their lives for the sake of the party's ideals.
Singh claimed that the state machinery had become completely dysfunctional before Tarun Gogoi government came to power in 2001 and said that they were confident that people would not want to return to those conditions.
The former prime minister said the Modi Government has very little interest in the development of Assam and other North Eastern states and has abolished the special category status given to the state by their erstwhile UPA government.
"The UPA government had worked hand in hand with Assam government to accelerate the pace of development in the state ... The progress made by Assam in the last 15 years under the leadership of Tarun Gogoi is visible all round."
Insurgency has almost been wiped out by a two-pronged Congress government strategy which invested heavily in massive infrastructure development and gave political stability in the state.
It also brought various insurgent groups to the table for negotiations and the peace process was initiated and an environment was created for the peaceful settlement of political issues besides bringing in the much-needed stability and development, they said.
"But we have a large unfinished agenda to make Assam one of the front-ranking states of India," Singh said appealing for votes for Congress "to convert this dream into reality."
Singh said Congress is firmly committed to peace and development, promotion of communal harmony and had special concern about the well-being of the poor and backward sections.
UPA government, the former prime minister said, had always believed in work "rather than empty talks". It had brought in many schemes and legislations like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, Aam Aadmi Beema Yojana, Rajiv Gandhi Shilpi Swasthya Beema Yojana and Rashtriya Swasthya Beema Yojana to help the poor and the downtrodden.
"Now the NDA Government is trying to repackage the same schemes as their own", they claimed, adding, "We have also observed with dismay and trepidation that they are trying to water down some of the provisions of pro-people legislations like Food Security Act and Right to Education."
PoliZette Coburn: War Hawks Advocating ‘Wasteful Military Spending' Former senator blasts McCain, Graham as 'career politicians who have no real-world experience'
Former Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) accused Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) of advocating for “wasteful military spending” during an interview Monday on “The Laura Ingraham Show.”
Coburn, a licensed medical doctor, heralded President Donald Trump's budget proposal as a step in the right direction toward holding the government accountable to the American people. The Trump budget proposed a $54 billion increase in military spending.
Advertisement
It wasn't enough for McCain and Graham. McCain declared Trump's budget would be “dead on arrival in Congress,” while Graham insisted that “you'd have a lot of Benghazis in the making if this thing became law.”
[lz_ndn video= 32310987]
“Laura, if your listeners would go to a piece I published right before I left, called ‘Back in Black,' it shows $100 billion a year in wasteful military spending. A hundred billion,” Coburn said. “So all you have to do is eliminate that waste, which … Lindsey Graham and John McCain refused to acknowledge — eliminate that waste.”
Noting that the government “ought to be as accountable as anybody else in the country for how we spend our money,” Coburn said Trump's proposal to eliminate the $100 billion in wasteful military spending also cuts back on a lot of “unauthorized” spending.
Coburn added, of career politicians, that “$400 billion … a year is appropriated for programs that are not authorized. In other words, if they came up for a vote, they'd never make it. But they put them in and spend the money anyway.”
Lambasting the lack of “urgency” among federal government officials to approve a responsible budget and move forward on key pieces of legislation, the former senator insisted that “very few have a correct understanding of what's happening to us.”
Advertisement
“We have people who are actually career politicians who have no real-world experience except the inside-the-Beltway mentality, and that's what they apply. And that's all circular knowledge. There is no new knowledge there,” Coburn said. “And so, we're in trouble as a nation … So the question is, is how do we treat history and remain a republic and how do we get our mojo back? And the way we so that is by putting some muzzles on the alligators in the swamps in Washington.”
[lz_graphiq id=lj03nK6h433]
The national debt and the burden that have been shoved onto the backs of future generations cannot be minimized and overlooked, Coburn insisted.
“If you take total debt right now, we're over 240 percent of our GDP. If you take real government debt, debt that has to be paid back by the millennials, we're at about 180 percent. There's no country that's ever survived that,” Coburn warned. “We're going to crash unless we start making the hard choices, and Congress refuses to make the hard choices.”
“I think Donald Trump will make the hard choices. I think he's already doing it,” Coburn added. “But you have career politicians on both sides who refuse to make the hard choices because it might affect their political career. What about our kids? What about this millennial generation that's getting ready to pay $30,000 per year per person just to meet the unfunded liabilities associated with Medicare and Social Security? Who's working on that? Not a soul.”
Coburn hammered the GOP for struggling to repeal the Affordable Care Act. The logjam, they said, was “because most Republicans don't have the guts to stand up” and fulfill their campaign promises. The former Oklahoma senator blasted moderates who “embraced expansion of government-run healthcare, which has been the worst thing that's happened in this country in a long time.”
Advertisement
“It's a centralized and omnipotent giant from Washington trying to tell all of us how we live, taking away our liberty and denying the intent of the Constitution, which was [that] the people were to be in charge, not the Washington elite,” Coburn said. “And when you're spending somebody else's money, you don't care what it costs.”
According to Coburn, many members of Congress — especially the career politicians — suffer acutely from “the cowardice of expediency,” a phrase used heavily by civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. These politicians are quick to highlight those who will suffer without the federal funding Trump has slashed, Coburn noted, without taking responsibly for the burdened millennials who will be “falling through the holes.”
[lz_related_box id=”800332″]
“It's the cowardice of being expedient and the fact is, is they're talking about people falling though the holes? We're going to have 85 million millennials fall through the holes,” Coburn said. “So you can go home and pound your chest that you kept things going the way it was, but you're actually going to be responsible for an impoverished generation that has never seen America at its greatest and won't if we continue to have career politicians running this country.”
This is why a convention of the states is needed so desperately, Coburn said as they championed states like Texas, which passed the joint resolution calling for the national convention that will amend the Constitution. The Texas Legislature passed the resolution in May as it sought to rein in big government and big spending.
Advertisement
“But the fact is, an amendments convention is the only way we're going to return power to the people by the people for the people and return the power to the state legislatures that our Founders and history would say were intended,” Coburn insisted.
When Ingraham asked the former senator how likely they think it will be that enough states would call for the convention on a scale of 1-10, Coburn said, “I think it's 8-to-9.”
“We have 12 states that have passed it now, and I think that we'll get 10 states next year, and then I think hopefully we'll get 10 more,” Coburn said.
Democrats, joined by former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-Ariz.), are amplifying their calls for tougher gun laws in the wake of the deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas.
Democrats on Monday quickly intensified their campaign after a gunman targeted an outdoor country music festival on the Las Vegas strip Sunday night, leaving at least 59 people dead and more than 520 others injured. The lawmakers have pressed for years for tighter gun restrictions, only to have those efforts beaten back on Capitol Hill, largely by Republicans, who are near-universally opposed to such changes.
“I am praying for the victims of this shooting, their families and friends,” Giffords, who was almost killed after being shot in the head at a campaign event in Tucson in 2011, said on Monday. “But I am praying for my former colleagues, our elected leaders, too. I am praying they find the courage it will take to make progress on the challenging issue of gun violence.”
Other Democrats were much more forceful.
Former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can they hold on to their supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE tweeted that “there's no excuse for inaction.” Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) said he's “furious” that Congress “refuses to act.” And Sen. Chris Murphy Christopher (Chris) Scott MurphyPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Feehery: Defining what socialism is (and isn't) Avoiding the tragedy of Brexit MORE (D-Conn.) urged Congress to “get off its ass and do something.”
“Nowhere but America do horrific large-scale mass shootings happen with this degree of regularity,” said Murphy, who, like Blumenthal, represents the victims of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School mass shooting in 2012.
“Last night's massacre may go down as the deadliest in our nation's history, but already this year there have been more mass shootings than days in the year.”
Sunday night's shooting, the deadliest in U.S. history, quickly consumed Capitol Hill Monday, upending a week that had promised a focus on the aftermath of Hurricane Maria and GOP efforts to build a wall along the southern border.
Democrats hastily scrapped plans to hold a Monday press conference aimed at pressuring the Trump administration for a more aggressive response to help storm victims in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Instead, they've scheduled a briefing to push for tougher gun laws such as enhanced background checks designed to keep firearms from the hands of potentially violent people.
Rep. Mike Thompson (D-Calif.), a gun owner and Vietnam veteran who heads the Democrats' gun violence task force, will lead the charge outside the Capitol Monday afternoon. They will be joined by Giffords and other Democrats who have long pressed for tougher gun laws.
“Enough is enough,” Thompson tweeted Monday. “Congress should come together and establish a Select Committee to end gun violence.”
Democrats had launched a similar campaign last year, staging a sit-in on the House floor to protest congressional inaction following a mass shooting at an Orlando, Fla., nightclub that left 49 people dead.
Republicans have rebuffed the call for tougher gun laws, saying they impede Second Amendment rights. The House is scheduled to vote as early as this week on legislation easing access for gun suppressors.
James Stanley
Drive-by identification of MetaMask users
Mon 1 May 2017
MetaMask is a Chrome plugin that turns an ordinary Chrome browser into a Dapp browser. A Dapp is a web app that is augmented to use the browser's local web3 object to access the Ethereum blockchain. Compared to Mist, another Dapp browser, MetaMask streamlines the user interface by not requiring users to "Connect" an account before using it in a Dapp.
Unfortunately, every website is just a Dapp that doesn't know it yet. And in MetaMask, you don't need to get any user permission before retrieving their account information using web3.
If a website you ended up on were to use MetaMask to collect a list of your Ethereum accounts and ship them off to a remote location to be permanently associated with your current IP address and User-Agent string, you would be none the wiser. There is no user permission required, and there is no feedback in the user interface. It is completely silent. Even if you inspected the source code and noticed the behaviour, by the time you realised it would be too late.
This blog post shows this. But it looks like you're either not using MetaMask, or are otherwise not vulnerable. Try viewing this post in Chrome with MetaMask installed.
If you're interested in your financial privacy... don't use MetaMask.
Update: Dan from MetaMask replied on reddit. It turns out MetaMask already have a github issue for this. Presumably this means it'll get fixed eventually, which is good news.
Update 2: For the first 24 hours, this post remotely logged the Ethereum account addresses. Write-up of results available here.
Radio – with better pictures – is set to cost the national broadcaster up to $150,000.
Tenders for a Radio New Zealand website redesign close tomorrow. Chief executive Paul Thompson, who last week confirmed 14 job losses across the state-funded business, says it must invest in digital.
"To stay focused solely on radio broadcast would in time make RNZ less relevant to those who fund us."
Tender documents show the organisation expects to spend between $100,000 and $150,000 on the website project that will take six to nine months to complete.
"It's really more about the audiences than what we do," said Thompson. "The audiences are calling the shots now, we have to be where the audiences are. We love radio, we continue to be great at it, but even radio's being redefined."
They said listeners were accessing content via apps and the likes of live-streaming service iHeart radio.
"I don't think any so-called 'radio' broadcaster worth their salt would turn their back on being really attuned to where the audience wants us to be."
Thompson said RNZ was not trying to compete with commercial media companies and was prepared to give its content to other organisations for free.
"It's not about having the biggest website in New Zealand, that's pointless . . . I'm happy to make any of our content available to any commercial publisher or commercial media organisations that sees the value in it.
Thompson said if RNZ didn't invest in digital, "we'd be outdated and we wouldn't be able to provide the access to our content that people are asking for. We're not here to pull up the drawbridge and just try to be a radio broadcaster. We think we should just be where everyone wants us to be."
Glen Scanlon, RNZ's head of digital, said, in the past month, the organisation had received 1.2 million requests for audio, across "a mixture of platforms".
"Which just tells you that people are trying to get that audio in a different way. They're also wanting the story behind it. If we can tell a better story about it then why wouldn't we, by providing written content, by providing a photo of the person who is in the story, by providing a better way for the audio to be seen or consumed?"
RNZ last week announced that it was hiring former Seven Sharp presenter Jessie Mulligan to front its afternoons slot, replacing Simon Mercep.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Arkansas' top economic development official on Monday called for legalizing gay marriage and said that treating same-sex couples equally under the law could make the state a leader in the South and attract new business.
Economic Development Commission Executive Director Grant Tennille joined the head of the Human Rights Campaign and other supporters of gay marriage at a news conference calling for the state to strike down its same-sex marriage ban. Arkansas voters in 2004 approved a constitutional amendment that defines marriage as between a man and a woman.
“I believe that increasingly, particularly in the area of high tech, high skilled, knowledge-based jobs, that companies look for locations where all of their employees can be welcomed, all of their employees can be part of a community and all of their employees will be treated equally,” Tennille said at the news conference. “I think the first state in the South that mo ves in that direction will have a leg up.”
Tennille, who was appointed by Gov. Mike Beebe last year, said they didn't speak with the governor beforehand about their remarks and said they didn't expect to change Beebe's mind on the issue. Beebe, a Democrat, has said he's opposed to gay marriage.
“He's one of my best friends and very much a father figure to me. We disagree on this issue,” Tennille said. “There are probably a few others that we probably disagree on as well.”
Beebe said Tennille wasn't speaking on behalf of their administration but that they didn't mind Tennille talking about their support for gay marriage.
“He certainly has a right to their opinion,” Beebe said. “What I've said all along is we've got a constitutional amendment and if you're asking me personally, I still personally believe marriage is between a man and a woman.”
Tennille's support for gay marriage comes as opponents of the 2004 ban are trying on multiple fronts to repeal the state amendment in response to U.S. Supreme Court rulings supporting same-sex marriage.
A group last month asked the attorney general's office to approve the language of a proposed amendment that would repeal Arkansas' ban on gay marriage. If approved, the group must gather more than 78,000 signatures from registered voters to place the proposal on the ballot next year.
Meanwhile, a group of 11 same-sex couples is suing in state court to repeal the marriage amendment.
Chad Griffin, the president of the Human Rights Campaign, said their group hasn't decided whether to support the repeal measure proposed for Arkansas' ballot next year.
© 2013, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
GRIT AND THE POWER TO JUST DO IT
What I think you see in Erinn's description is less about how they made it work and more about the strength of their ‘will power' muscle to just get it all done. Recent studies about characteristics of success have focused on one personality aspect that plays an essential role: Grit.
Grit is the power of passion and perseverance to make good on your commitments. How did Keeth and Erinn build this sense of Grit? Some of it evolves from upbringing. They recall that their parents instilled the importance of work ethic early on, underscored by their father's experience in the military. However, at the end of the day, it's up to you to decide just how committed you are. And when times get tough, the one thing that is extremely powerful in maintaining your commitments is understanding precisely WHY you do what you do. When everything is in service of a bigger goal, making the hard choices about how you spend your time becomes a habit and easier over time.
GETTING PEOPLE ON YOUR TEAM – PRE-COMMUNICATE YOUR COMMITMENTS
For most young fencers, doing well in school is their primary commitment. They often think about their teachers and academic life as completely separate from their fencing life. However, it's important to understand that your teachers are an essential part of your team, which includes your coach, parents and many others. They can help position you to succeed and having them on your side when you struggle is critical. But in order to enlist them to your team, you must pre-communicate what you are trying to achieve in both school and sport. You might even consider using language such as, “Mr. X, I have some important goals I want to achieve, and you are an essential part of my team. I would really appreciate your help and support.” When you take this approach, you help them feel invested in your mission(s). If you wait until you have a problem and then say, “By the way, I can't turn in my paper on Friday because I have a fencing competition,” you are much less likely to earn their sympathy. Be proactive so you can give them a chance to be flexible when you need to take tests late or some extra help with material that you missed while away competing.
Rev. William Barber, president of the National Association of Colored People (NAACP) in North Carolina, described Sen. Tim Scott (R) as a ventriloquist dummy for tea party Republicans.
Barber made the comments of Scott, the African American junior senator from South Carolina, during a fiery on Sunday.
“A ventriloquist can always find a good dummy,” Barber said during the speech to members of South Carolina's NAACP according to The State newspaper. They added that “the extreme right wing down here (in South Carolina) finds a black guy to be senator and claims he's the first black senator since Reconstruction and then goes to Washington. D.C., and articulates the agenda of the Tea Party.”
Barber repeatedly attacked conservative Republicans in the speech also saying that “we must not give up the so-called high moral ground to the right-wing extremists.”
According to the Associated Press, Barber also listed ways Southern governors and Republicans in Congress have mistreated Americans. The Associated Press said Barber ticked off a list that included “leaving the Confederate flag to fly on the grounds of the South Carolina Statehouse to refusing federal money to expand Medicaid and allowing poor schools to fall further behind.”
Barber has been an outspoken figure in North Carolina's “Moral Mondays” movement, in which some liberals have been arrested while protesting right-wing legislation at the state capitol. They have strongly criticized the state legislature in North Carolina for passing restrictive voter ID laws.
Scott said they would refuse to respond directly to Barber.
“To reflect seriously on the comments a person, a pastor that is filled
with baseless and meaningless rhetoric would be to do a disservice to
the very people who have sacrificed so much and paved a way,” Scott said in a statement provided to TPM. “Instead, I will honor the memory of Dr. King by being proactive in holding the door for others and serving my fellow man. And Rev. Barber will remind me and others of what not to do.”
Photo credit: Facebook
(H/t: Aaron Blake at The Washington Post)
This post was updated.
A Nelson Mandela handprint which contains an image resembling the African continent in the centre is on show as part of a London exhibition.
The shape of the African continent is visible
The former South African president's "Hand of Africa" piece was said to have been created by accident while working on a sketch inspired by their 27 year imprisonment on Robben Island.
Anna Hunter, owner of the Belgravia Gallery, where the paintings are displayed, said at the launch: "He got their hands dirty when they were producing 'The Lighthouse' and they wiped their hands on a piece of card."
"You can see the image of Africa in the palm of their hand."
Hand analyst Lori Read was quoted by The Times newspaper as saying it was very interested in a symbolic way.
"It is almost as if the continent is imprinted on their soul."
The other image of Mr Mandela's on display is a handprint of his, surrounded by the smaller handprints of HIV-positive children.
Mr Mandela has received some teaching from a professional artist and has done a number of colourful impressions of their prison.
New career?
The gallery owner added that Mr Mandela told them that when they retire this summer they will take up their paintbrush as a full-time artist.
"I don't know whether they were joking or not."
Also on display at the gallery are watercolours from Prince Charles.
Signed copies of images by both artists are on sale to raise money for their respective trusts.
Proceeds from Mr Mandela's work benefit the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund, which helps HIV sufferers and orphaned and homeless youngsters in South Africa.
---------FULL VIEW OR ELSE!!!!!!!!!!----------ITS DONE!!! and due to my clever alteration to the close-up i submitted a while ago this is probably a bit different from what you were expectingive had this idea in my head for months but finally decided to get it out onto the digital canvas, feels nice to finally see it all finished.I love painting water due to the fact that i can just make it all up without having to think too much about it, theres no awkard angles and lighting is pretty straight forward once you get the hang of it allApart from the 2 hands (which were referenced from my own) the rest of the image is all painted from scratch with no refs.on a side note i was also interviewed by spinegrinder about my work and other such things so check that out here [link] Done using both Painter 9 and Photoshop 7, roughly 60+ hoursfeel free to use as a desktophope you like it
Was Hillary Clinton secretly using an earpiece during the Commander-in-Chief forum on Wednesday night?
No, of course not.
But this is 2016, so Clinton's campaign was forced to shoot down the rumor that quickly spread from InfoWars and alt-right subreddits to Fox News and Donald Trump Jr.'s official Twitter account on Thursday.
Never mind it could've been quickly disproved by Googling their head or watching television.
The Drudge Report led its website with a picture of Clinton and the headline “HILLARY AND THE EAR PEARL”—the headline links to an article by InfoWars, a website which frequently posts stories about how it believes the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting was staged by the government.
Nationally televised video and pictures from photographers at the event prove that Clinton was not wearing an earpiece.
Here are some uncomfortably close-up pictures of Hillary Clinton's ear because this is what the election has come to:
“Confirmed. Nothing in their ear,” Clinton's traveling press secretary Nick Merrill told The Daily Beast.
Merrill then linked to one of their own tweets, which they directed at the account of InfoWars founder Alex Jones and Donald J. Trump Jr., who tweeted the InfoWars earpiece conspiracy article.
“Guys, wanted to call your attention to the Boeing 737 in HRC's ear. #MSM ignoring,” they wrote, alongside a picture of a Clinton standing in front of their campaign's plane.
Still, the conspiracy drew widespread coverage by midday on Thursday. Fox News placed a photo illustration with the phrase “Buzz About a ‘Bud'” on its homepage.
Other outlets quickly jumped in on the conspiracy. The Hill, for example, wrote an article exclusively citing InfoWars without seeking out readily available photos from the event that disprove the possibility of the candidate wearing an earpiece.
InfoWars' top editor and founder Jones believes there is a government project where “humanoids are crossed with fish,” Justice Antonin Scalia was murdered, and that some tornadoes are government-created.
Donald Trump's largest online community, Reddit's r/The_Donald, quickly took a victory lap on Thursday, after repeatedly posting the picture in the early hours of the morning before mainstream press pounced on the conspiracy.
“Fox News now covering the earpiece,” reads the top post on the subreddit at press time. “Hang on centipedes, this is about to explode!”
A questionnaire to become a moderator of r/The_Donald posted earlier this year included the questions “Was 9/11 an inside job?” and “Is there a difference between white nationalism and white supremacy?”
In an r/The_Donald thread posted today titled “Based Matt Drudge is on the case,” the top comment appears to take credit for the spread of the earpiece meme.
“We are the media now,” South_Florida_Guy wrote.
The guys at Icon Motosports have a predilection for 80s Hondas. “The first VFR is arguably the pinnacle of that era,” they note. “Not pinnacle in that it's a great bike—it most certainly is not. It's more in relation to style … thick and saucy, with a throaty smoker's cough.”
This 1986 Honda VF1000R is one of three custom builds created to spearhead the launch of the Icon 1000 range of apparel. And there's a method to Icon's madness.
In stock form, the Honda VF1000R was a heavy machine, tipping the scales at over 530 lbs. But it was built with an eye to race homologation, especially for the endurance classes, and had a strong 130 hp motor. Contemporary tests put top speed at a whisker under 150 mph and the bike could beat the 11-second quarter mile mark. The ideal canvas, then, for Icon to create a post-apocalyptic survival machine.
A refreshing sense of irreverence permeates this VF1000R, from the dirt tire at the front—actually a Continental offroad rear tire—to the hand lettered “Magnificent Bastard” moniker on the Airtech tail unit.
The mods are a mix of the sublime and ridiculous, from Leo Vince GP Pro pipes to the CB radio nestling under the instruments. The seat is a Yoshimura Tornado item and a pair of PIAA spots are mounted onto a custom-built frame sitting outside what is left of the fairing. The paint is the dirtiest of dirty whites, as pure as the driven snow.
‘Magnificent Bastard' sure as hell isn't going to win an AMD Championship award. But it's ten times more interesting than most show bikes—and it doesn't even have pipewrap or Firestones.
Euthanasia campaigner Philip Nitschke has set fire to their medical practising certificate, and vowed to continue to advise terminally ill patients about how to take their own lives.
The Medical Board of Australia had set out 25 conditions for the prominent campaigner to comply with if they wanted to remain a practising doctor.
Stoush with Medical Board: Dr Philip Nitschke. Credit:Glenn Campbell
They included not giving advice or information on the suicide drug Nembutal or on how to suicide, making a commitment not to sell or provide Nembutal purity testing kits and removing their name from the co-authored Peaceful Pill Handbook.
Dr Nitschke would also have had to refer any patient who intended to suicide to a mental health professional regardless of whether they presented signs of mental illness.
As new information comes out every day about the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, the state of our country's water feels dire. Flint children will suffer the lifelong consequences of lead poisoning after the state took over the city's water system and switched the city's water source from the safe Detroit water system to the polluted Flint River all in the name of cutting costs.
Flint's situation is appalling, outrageous and frightening. It is a warning about what is at stake when communities lose local control of their water and outside officials come in and run water systems like businesses, putting money before public health and human lives.
Although we still have a long way to go to get justice for Flint, the good news is that more and more communities recognize the need to protect our water and run water systems like public services – not profit centers. Cities are moving in the right direction: toward local, public, democratic control of our water.
Food & Water Watch has worked for ten years to help communities keep their water in local public hands, and today we're releasing our report, “The State of Public Water in the United States,” which shows that public water is slowly but surely winning over privatized water systems. We reviewed eight years of data from the U.S. EPA and found that more people than ever have public water. That's a very good sign for the future of safe water.
We conducted a comprehensive survey of the 500 largest U.S. water systems – the largest survey of its kind – and found that private systems charge 58 percent more than public systems on average. That's an extra $185 a year for a typical household.
Locally controlled public water systems tend to be better all around for residents than privately owned systems. We've seen that when communities privatize their water systems, they frequently experience problems. Privatized systems have:
Worse service: private companies may cut corners, respond slowly to service requests, and let existing infrastructure deteriorate in order to improve their short-term profits.
private companies may cut corners, respond slowly to service requests, and let existing infrastructure deteriorate in order to improve their short-term profits. Increased costs: when companies have state-sanctioned monopolies on water service, there is little incentive to keep costs down.
when companies have state-sanctioned monopolies on water service, there is little incentive to keep costs down. Profit-motivated decision-making: companies can expand and improve service where it benefits their bottom line, not where people need it most.
companies can expand and improve service where it benefits their bottom line, not where people need it most. Less accountability: Because private companies aren't accountable to voters the way public systems are, when problems occur, people have few options.
Local governments often try to auction off their water or sewer systems to raise money during a budget crunch. But water is one of a community's most essential assets, and one that ought to be protected. Once leaders make the decision to privatize, the damage can be difficult to reverse.
Communities often don't know what problems privatized water could bring until it happens to them. Fortunately, more and more communities are learning about the importance of public water, and they are fighting to keep their water in public hands, or take back public control of privatized systems. Since our founding, Food & Water Watch has always supported communities' efforts to fight privatization, and we continue to offer education, expertise, training, and other resources to communities that are fighting for their water.
And together, we've won again and again. We beat a major water company in Florida. We protected multiple communities in New Jersey. We won in Milwaukee and Akron. In Food & Water Watch's ten-year history, we've helped stop over three dozen privatization efforts.
The data shows that more and more communities are opting – and fighting when necessary – for public water, and Food & Water Watch will keep fighting with them. It's a critical step, but local efforts aren't enough to protect our water for the long term. We need to invest in keeping our water service clean, safe and affordable for everyone.
Cities across the country have aging pipes and need expensive updates to their water systems. Much of our water infrastructure was built around the same time that Henry Ford developed the Model T.
We need to fix and replace our pipes, upgrade our treatment plants and make sure that no more cities suffer the way Flint is. That's why we're calling on Congress and President Obama to fund our clean water infrastructure. You can help: take action to protect our public water.
PETER LOVE: "The haka in our culture is something which is regarded as special and should not be bastardised by sport.''
A Maori leader has backed Springbok coach Peter de Villiers' comments on the haka being overused, saying it has been "hijacked by rugby people" for commercial purposes.
De Villiers voiced their opinion that overuse of the haka meant it was less respected at a powhiri for the visiting Rugby World Cup Springboks by Lake Taupo iwi Ngati Tuwharetoa at Opotaka, the so-called birthplace of Ka Mate, on Sunday.
Buck Shelford, who as captain helped revive the haka performed by the All Blacks before test matches, said it was a way of showing New Zealand's culture.
"Peter [de Villiers] has probably seen more haka than the average Kiwi but they don't have to watch it if they don't like it."
But Peter Love, a trustee of Te Atiawa's Wellington Tenths Trust, defended de Villiers, saying the haka has been "hijacked by rugby people" for commercial purposes.
"I'm concerned our [Maori] culture is being abused by the overuse and inappropriateness of the haka when it is performed outside special occasions.
"The haka in our culture is something which is regarded as special and should not be bastardised by sport. Peter de Villiers is dead right when they say it is losing its respect."
Mr Love said they did not follow rugby closely but their family had strong links to the game. Their uncle, Sir Ralph Love, is a former NZ Maori Rugby Board chairperson.
Mr Love did not agree with haka being performed spontaneously by "flash mob haka groups". "The haka is a challenge, not something which is performed as an expression of delight.
"Who told those people they could do that? The haka is an orchestrated representation of our culture when it is used in an appropriate place but it is being abused."
Maori Party MP Te Ureroa Flavell disagreed the haka was overused or the flash mob haka were inappropriate. "The young people are using these forums to do the haka exactly right – why not let them do it?"
De Villiers' comments attracted over 270 responses on Stuff yesterday, with opinion split on whether the haka was overused.
'Richard', an ex-South African, wrote that they had lived in New Zealand for five years. "The haka has enormous respect in South Africa and is a highly anticipated feature of any All Black/Springbok match. Don't stop doing it!"
Kylie Dean wrote: "The haka is a New Zealand tradition. If you don't like the haka then go live somewhere else."
- Fairfax NZ
Two-legged robots learn to walk like a human
(Nanowerk News) Teaching two-legged robots a stable, robust human way of walking  this is the goal of the international research project KoroiBot with scientists from seven institutions from Germany, France, Israel, Italy and the Netherlands. The experts from the areas of robotics, mathematics and cognitive sciences want to study human locomotion as exactly as possible and transfer this onto technical equipment with the assistance of new mathematical processes and algorithms. The European Union is financing the three-year research project that started in October 2013 with approx. EUR 4.16 million. The scientific coordinator is Prof. Dr. Katja Mombaur from Heidelberg University.
Whether as rescuers in disaster areas, household helps or as colleagues in modern work environments: there are numerous possible areas of deployment for humanoid robots in the future. One of the major challenges on the way is to enable robots to move on two legs in different situations, without an accident  in spite of unknown terrain and also with possible disturbances, explains Prof. Mombaur, who heads the working group Optimisation in Robotics and Biomechanics at Heidelberg Universitys Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing (IWR).
In the KoroiBot project the researchers will study the way humans walk e.g. on stairs and slopes, on soft and slippery ground or over beams and seesaws, and create mathematical models. Besides developing new optimisation and learning processes for walking on two legs, they aim to implement this in practice with existing robots. In addition, the research results are to flow into planning new design principles for the next generation of robots.
Besides Prof. Mombaurs group, the working group Simulation and Optimisation is also involved in the project at the IWR. The Heidelberg scientists will investigate the way movement of humans and robots can be turned into mathematical models. Furthermore, the teams want to create optimised walking movements for different demands and develop new model-based control algorithms. Just under EUR 900,000 of the European Union funding is being channelled to Heidelberg.
Partners in the international consortium are, besides Heidelberg University, leading institutions in the field of robotics. These include the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) with three laboratories, the Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT) and the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands. Experts from the University of Tübingen and the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel will contribute from the angle of cognitive sciences.
A 23-year-old Delhi man recovering from a fractured ankle died after their mother gave them an oil massage to relieve the pain.
The man injured themselves while playing badminton in September. Their ankle was put in a cast to immobilise it while it healed, which led to a blood clot forming in their leg veins. Even after the plaster was removed, the man had pain and swelling in their leg.
“Deep vein thrombosis is a known complication of plastering the legs. It is not very common, but it happens. Hence, it is important that an orthopaedic doctor be consulted in case the pain and swelling persists even after the plaster is removed,” said Dr Sudhir Gupta, head of the department of forensic medicine at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), where the post-mortem was conducted.
Nearly 70 of every 100,000 patients of bone injury may have deep vein thrombosis, a problem also faced by fliers due to cramped legroom in aircraft, after such immobilisation.
The post-mortem confirmed that death was caused by a large clot, 5X1cm in diameter, which dislodged from the leg veins during the massage and travelled to the pulmonary artery that supplies blood to the lungs, causing instant death.
The 23-year-old was rushed to AIIMS emergency at 9.30pm on October 31 in an unconscious and unresponsive state.
“The force applied on the leg during the massage dislodged the clot and resulted in the death,” Dr Gupta said. “This should serve as a warning for people to not massage an area that has been recently hurt. It is okay to put herbal oils or anti-inflamatory creams, but pressure must not be applied on the area. If there are clots, then they will dissolve on their own.”
The case has been reported in the latest issue of Medico-Legal Journal. It says massages are often given for general fitness and for treating minor health problems. The mother had massaged the leg to alleviate pain and was unaware of the complications.
“There was no advice recorded in the hospital by the doctors about the risks and dangers of a massage to this affected leg. This advice should have been provided,” it says.
First Published: May 02, 2017 10:36 IST
There is a new feature of Pages and Keynote, not mentioned in any of Apple's publicity nor in any press coverage I've seen, that is really very interesting. Perhaps it will even one day prove to have been revolutionary, in a quiet way.
In case you are not an Apple follower, iWork is Apple's answer to Microsoft Office. Last month Apple introduced a new version – now free for the first time – with the usual fanfare and to a mixed reception.
Ever since the release of Adobe Illustrator 1.1 in 1987 the way ordinary people draw or edit curves on a computer has been to use Bézier splines. If you've ever used a vector graphics program, you've probably spent some time tweaking Bézier control handles, perhaps in frustration. Bézier curves were first used by French car designers in the 1960s, but as far as I know it was Adobe who introduced them to the home computer, where they have become ubiquitous.
Bézier curves are a small miracle of practical mathematics. They are conceptually elegant, easy for a computer to draw, and have a graphical representation – with draggable control handles – that is well-suited to interactive computer editing. If you don't know how a Bézier curve segment is constructed from the control handles, try staring at this animation till it starts to make sense:
The downside is that it's difficult for a non-expert to make attractive smooth curves using Béziers. It's all too easy to make bumpy, lumpy misshapen things.
Hence the small revolution: the new iWork apps don't present the user with Bézier curves at all, by default. There is a checkbox in the preferences to change the default curve type back to Bézier, but the default is much more interesting: Hobby splines.
Hobby splines were invented by John Hobby in 1985 or so, originally for Don Knuth's much celebrated but rarely used Metafont system. They are actually ordinary cubic Béziers, but the control handles are placed not by the user but by an efficient algorithm that ensures smoothness. So of course they interoperate perfectly with software that expects to see Bézier curves, and Keynote and Pages even allow you to mix “smooth” and Bézier points in the same curve.
If you're interested in the nitty-gritty of how they work, I would recommend reading John Hobby's 1985 paper. There is also a secondary, unexpected pleasure to be had from this copy of the paper: the scanned document seems to have been processed by an unreliable optical character recognition algorithm, so that deciphering the intended meaning is at times an amusing puzzle.
Like all the best practical algorithms, Hobby's method is a mixture of deep mathematical insight and low cunning. The essential trick is to use an approximate measure of curvature (“mock curvature”) that is represented by a linear expression. Then the problem of finding a smooth curve given the positions of the control points can be solved very efficiently using standard matrix methods for solving linear equations.
It very quickly becomes clear, playing with them, that Hobby splines are just a better way for casual users to draw attractive curves. All the fine-tuning of control handles is eliminated, though the shape can still be refined by adding additional curve points. Because they are perfectly compatible with industry-standard Béziers, there is very little disadvantage to be had. We've been doing it wrong for all these years, and now we know a better way.
Who will be the first to copy Apple's excellent idea?
The F-35 Just Catches on Fire Sometimes
And the Pentagon knew that for years
Kevin Knodell & Joseph Trevithick Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 10, 2015
by KEVIN KNODELL & JOSEPH TREVITHICK
The F-35 Lightning II is supposed to be America's primary warplane for the next several decades. But here's one big problem. The F-35 can catch on fire … just while trying to take off.
That's what happened on June 23, 2014, when a fire swept through an F-35 fighter jet taxiing on a runway at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida. A new report by the U.S. Air Force's Accident Investigation Board shines new light on what exactly happened with America's hottest new warplane.
The military classifies the fire as a “Class A Mishap,” meaning an accident that causes death, permanent injury or costs $2 million or more in damage. According to the report, this particular incident cost the Department of Defense “in excess of” $50 million in damage.
And it could happen again.
Here's how the Air Force investigators described the incident. The aircraft was scheduled to fly as part of a four plane training sortie. But prior to takeoff, two aircraft slated for the flight “had slight maintenance delays.”
Air Force officials decided to press on with the mission, sending out a two plane sortie instead. The “mishap aircraft” — as it's referred to in the report — was to be the second ship of the two-ship formation.
But as the plane went down the runway, its engine stalled. Fire warning systems began blaring, the pilot shut down the engine and then bailed out of the cockpit. As they escaped, the flames quickly grew into an inferno.
Both the number of international billionaires and their collective net worth reached record-setting levels in 2015, according to a new study. (Terry J Alcorn/iStock)
Although the global economy has been mired in sluggishness for years amid stagnant wages in many developed countries, the world's wealthiest have never been richer or greater in number, according to a billionaire census published this week by research and analysis outfit Wealth-X.
All told, the world held a record 2,473 billionaires in 2015 – up 6.4 percent over the year. This group of individuals held a collective net worth of roughly $7.7 trillion, also a record. Putting that sum in perspective, if the world's billionaires joined together to form an ultra-elite nation of their own, their combined wealth would eclipse the gross domestic products of every country in the world except those of the U.S. and China.
"Although the overall size of the billionaire population is small, the impact of billionaires on the global economy is significant," the report says, noting that there is "only one billionaire for every 2.95 million people on the planet."
Europe again stood as the premier destination for billionaires, as more than 800 ultrawealthy individuals staked claims within the continent's borders. Another 645 billionaires were tied to Asia, while 628 called North America home. It's worth noting, though, that the combined wealth of North America's billionaires – a whopping $2.56 trillion – still eclipsed the billionaire wealth total from every other geographic region.
That said, the report indicates that the Asia-Pacific region is "poised to eventually take over the Americas," as it managed to produce "four times more billionaires than the Americas during 2015 and thus leads all regional groups in terms of growth rate of billionaire population and wealth."
Region Number of Billionaires Billionaire Growth (Year Over Year) Total Wealth ($Billions) Wealth Growth (Year Over Year) Europe 806 4% $2,330 -1.9% Middle East 166 7.8% $413 9% Africa 41 2.5% $114 -14% North America 628 3.1% $2,371 8% Latin America & the Caribbean 154 0.7% $511 -4.5% Asia 645 15.2% $1,410 19.6% Pacific 33 -2.9% $97 -27.8%
A potentially more concerning trend highlighted by the report is that billionaires in 2015 continued their flight to liquid assets. The world's richest held more than 22 percent of their wealth in cash or easily convertible assets like stocks or bonds last year, marking the highest liquidity level on record. The report indicates that between 2014 and 2015, there was a "considerable ramp-up in liquidity events."
This trend suggests the world's wealthiest are trying to shield themselves from international economic volatility, shying away from risky ventures and protecting their nest eggs from economic downturns. Theoretically, these are the folks with the strongest connections to the business world, and those who are likely employing financial advisors and portfolio managers with proven track records.
If the ultrarich are starting to head for the bunker, it's probably not a good sign for everyone else.
"Billionaires are taking money off the table where available," the report says, citing "uncertainties in the economy" as a complicating factor.
But who are these wildly wealthy individuals? The report indicates the average billionaire is in their or their early 60s, holds a bachelor's degree and earned much of their or their wealth through ventures and not inheritance. About 56 percent of the world's billionaires are self-made, while 13 percent inherited their wealth and another 31 percent inherited some of their assets but invested in their own interests to grow their cache.
"The common denominator of the world's billionaires is their entrepreneurialism," the report says. "In most instances, achieving billionaire status requires more than just inheritance; 87 percent of billionaires, up from 81 percent in 2014, made the majority of their fortunes themselves."
The other common denominator among the lion's share of the world's billionaires is a Y chromosome. The world holds only 294 female billionaires, accounting for less than 12 percent of the group's population. This demographic's net worth accounts for only 11.4 percent of total billionaire wealth.
Encouragingly, more than 56 percent of the world's billionaires cite "philanthropy" as an interest or hobby in which they're involved. Another 31 percent are passionate about traveling, and nearly 15 percent said boating was a hobby of theirs.
"The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Giving Pledge have instilled a sense of humanitarian responsibility in billionaires to use their vast wealth to make a difference in the world," the report says.
Charitable donations and philanthropic ventures often come with tax incentives, but billionaires' proclivity to give is undoubtedly a positive in the U.S. and beyond amid growing concern about income inequality.
A separate study published earlier this year by the Giving USA Foundation and the Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy found that Americans' charitable donations in 2015 clocked in at a whopping $373.25 billion, up 4 percent year over year. That means Americans for the first time collectively donated more than $1 billion per day, on average.
Earlier this year, eighth graders enrolled in the Rialto Unified School District in Rialto, California were assigned a rather questionable essay assignment: Did the Holocaust happen, or was it "merely a political scheme created to influence public emotion and gain wealth[?]" The district immediately apologized for the assignment once it came to light, and initially claimed that no students wrote that the Holocaust was a hoax. That allegation was wrong, as the San Bernadino County Sun newspaper discovered that over 50 students expressed doubt that the Holocaust happened in their essays, and were given high marks for their views.
“I believe the event was fake, according to source 2 the event was exhaggerated,” one student wrote. (Students' and teachers' original spelling and grammar are retained throughout this story.) “I felt that was strong enogh evidence to persuade me the event was a hoax.” In some cases, students earned high marks and praise for arguing the Holocaust never occurred, with teachers praising their well-reasoned arguments: “you did well using the evidence to support your claim,” the above student's teacher wrote on their assignment. The student received a grade of 23 points out of 30, with points marked off for not addressing counterclaims, capitalization and punctuation errors.
Students were given documents from About.com and History.com in addition to pieces of information from a Holocaust denial site. In one, the Diary of Anne Frank was presented as a hoax.
Administrators claim that the prompt was an exercise to improve critical thinking skills.
This is disturbing. There are plenty of ways to improve critical thinking and writing skills without having to wade in the territory of Holocaust denial. This assignment never should have been allowed in the first place. Teaching children conspiracy theories does nothing to help them educationally—and from the looks of the essays posted by the Sun, those students need all the help they can get.
China and India seem to be resetting ties. Chinese minister Li Xiasan, the Organization Department head of Yunnan Province and Central Committee member of the Communist Party of China, visited India in September 2017, becoming the first Chinese official to visit India since the Doklam (Doka La, Donglang) standoff between the two countries.
In Kolkata, the first Indian city to host him, Li's visit was seen as part of the relationship-building process that was “being strategically started from Bengal because of its proximity to the Yunnan Province.” Li was accompanied by a retinue of senior faculty and administrative officers from colleges and universities of the Yunnan province to meet their counterparts.
Chinese Consul General in Kolkata Ma Zhanwu observed: “Bengal has been identified as an educational and cultural hub of the country and hence we are looking to improve ties through education in this zone,” and noted that this was the first ever visit of a Chinese minister to India after the Doklam impasse, “which we have overcome now.” Education and cultural ties are one of the areas where increased people-to-people engagement is being strengthened.
The immediate period of bonhomie post-Doklam between the two neighbors is only to be expected. The standoff came as a wakeup call to both countries and analysts predict that it will go down in history as a watershed moment in bilateral relations.
The Doklam standoff was the first of its kind since the 1962 war that the two giant neighbors had fought. In spite of the economic and military asymmetries between the two, each dared the other to blink first. In the end, however, quiet diplomacy had to be resorted to. The Chinese media was belligerent, exposing a raw nerve; the fact that the Indian media faithfully narrated what the Chinese media was publishing demonstrated how rattled the Indians were.
Since tensions were defused, reports had emerged detailing how back channel talks held away from the media glare had ultimately led to an amicable resolution of the impasse.
The perceived wisdom in India was that with the BRICS summit to be held in September in Xiamen, President Xi Jinping could not allow the Doklam impasse to play spoilsport and keep India away from the summit. India had already boycotted the Belt and Road Forum held earlier this year in Beijing. Furthermore, with the very crucial 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China coming up soon on October 18, where Xi's leadership is expected to be reaffirmed, it was important to bring the protracted standoff to an amicable end, without either country appearing to have blinked first. On the other side, the government of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already completed three years of its five-year term, and the economy is struggling to keep up to the promises made.
It served the interests of both countries, therefore, to diplomatically resolve the standoff and revert back to the status quo. The Indian Ministry of External Affairs thus issued a terse statement on August 28 announcing that the Doklam standoff was over. The Chinese Ministry also announced the end to the impasse, although it went on to add that “the Indian side has pulled back all the trespassing personnel and equipment to the Indian side of the boundary.” Prime Minister Modi then attended the BRICS summit in Xiamen and a Modi-Xi meeting on the sidelines ensued. Originally slated for half an hour, it lasted for more than an hour.
Even more welcoming from the Indian point of view was the inclusion of Pakistan-based India-centric terrorist groups like Jaish-e-Muhamad and Lashkar-e-Taiba in the BRICS Xiamen declaration. India had long wanted Chinese recognition of such groups as terrorists and the inclusion had eluded the joint BRICS declaration at last year's Goa summit in India. China continues to block any attempts at the UN to sanction individuals like Masood Azhar, who is accused by India of fomenting terror strikes inside India.
Following the pullback, the Chinese media began publishing a series of articles which showed India in a positive light, striking a conciliatory pose. Indian experts on China also wrote and spoke widely on how to use culture to reduce the trust deficit and the information gap between the two countries, and thus contribute to enhanced understanding of what drives each other's world views.
No doubt both countries will tread cautiously with the realization drawing anew that no conflict will result in an outright victory for any one side.
The Chinese Ambassador in India wrote a commentary in The Hindu, suggesting that India and China turned the page to a new chapter in bilateral relations. Their prime message was that the two countries should work towards a sound and healthy bilateral relationship by focusing on cooperation, and narrowing and resolving differences.
The thaw in bilateral relations was evident and welcome, but the obvious question is: can India and China truly reset ties and turn the page to a new chapter in bilateral relations? The Indian army chief, General Bipin Rawat, speaking at a seminar soon after, said that “flexing of muscles” had begun and that China was “salami slicing, taking over territory in a very gradual manner, testing our limits of threshold,” which India had “to be wary about.” They also called for preparedness for a two-front war scenario.
More recently, the Indian Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa said that the Indian Air Force has the capability of locating, fixing, and striking across the border, and added that any decision on a surgical strike would be taken by the government. They also asserted that India is prepared to effectively counter any threat from China while confronting a two-front war also involving Pakistan.
Soon after the bonhomie of the BRICS summit, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited India in a strong show of friendship and cooperation with India. Abe and Modi launched India's first bullet train project, for which the Japanese extended India a soft loan of USD 15 billion.
On the other hand, reports suggested that China was maintaining a sizeable presence of its troops near the site of the Doklam standoff and even started widening an existing road which was at a distance of around 12 km from the area of conflict. On October 1, in a departure from usual practice, the Chinese People's Liberation Army did not observe the convention of inviting representatives from the Indian Army for the annual border personnel meeting to mark their national day.
China also went on to stoutly defend Pakistan after US President Donald Trump called out Pakistan for its ambiguity in fighting terrorism, and after India called out Pakistan in the UN for supporting cross-border terrorism.
The Centre for Joint Warfare Studies, a reputed defense think tank, warned in a recent paper that the Doklam standoff between India and China was likely to be the new normal, and that the Line of Actual Control (LAC) will be “constantly and continuously” under stress with “increase in frequency, intensity and depth of (Chinese) transgressions leading to more and more standoffs.”
India would also have noticed that all major powers maintained studied silence during the entire duration of the almost three-month-long standoff. China for its part, will seek to outmaneuver India in the region, most significantly through economic diplomacy.
Yet, both India and China also seem to demonstrate wariness and caution in how to tread ahead. For instance, India and Japan did not make any references to the South China Sea in the joint declaration issued during Abe's visit. Similarly, China's Oppo handset maker just announced that it would be building 550 service centers in India, spread across the country, by the end of 2017. The company was granted permission earlier this month to open retail stores selling only products from its own brand.
China is India's largest trading partner with their bilateral trade exceeding USD 70 billion last year, with the trade balance tilted in China's favor. Meanwhile, Indian exports to China have also registered a 40.69 percent year-on-year rise to reach USD 10.6 billion in the first seven months of 2017.
No doubt both countries will tread cautiously with the realization drawing anew that no conflict will result in an outright victory for any one side. On the other hand, negotiations and diplomacy allowing for the peaceful resolution of differences will be the way forward for both Asian giants. Both countries will therefore have to engage with the other in more creative and newer ways.
CLOSE You may think you're helping the environment by recycling all your gift wrap, but there are several things you shouldn't throw in the recycling bin. USA TODAY
Wrapping paper after the kids have attacked their presents on Christmas morning. The nonmetallic papers can be recycled, while those with metallic finishes and flocking should go in the trash. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
SAN FRANCISCO — Stop. There's more to recycling your Christmas paper than stuffing everything into a big blue bin.
U.S. trash companies are increasingly having to send what would have been waste-paper recycling to landfills after China cracked down on Americans' sloppy recycling habits. It turns out that the glue on bows, the glitter dusting your fancy wrapping paper, and miles of ribbons — not to mention dirty pizza boxes and plastic grocery bags — clog the process of turning waste paper into new paper and cardboard.
It's gotten so bad that starting Jan. 1, China is setting new limits on the contamination it will allow in the mixed paper bales American trash companies ship there for recycling.
"They've started getting more rigorous, even tearing open bales at customs," said Chaz Miller, policy director for the National Waste & Recycling Association.
If China takes less of America's used paper, our trash rates will likely rise, since selling that waste often subsidizes the cost of our neighborhood pick-up.
Here's how recycling experts say is the right way to clean up from Christmas.
Bows retrieved from Christmas presents. These can't go into paper recycling, but can easily be saved and reused with a quick bit of tape on the back. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise.)
Bows
As pretty as they make a package, the plastic-paper composite of most bows doesn't work when you're trying to create cardboard. Add in the glue that sticks them to the gift and they're a no-no in the recycling bin.
"I don't know of any paper mill in the United States that would want a bow in their incoming bales," said Miller.
The good news is that they're probably the easiest Christmas item to reuse rather than recycle. Even if they lose their stickiness, a bit of tape makes them as good as new.
During the unwrapping, keep a paper grocery bag next to you and play “can you dunk it?” with the bows that come off the presents. You may never need to buy a bag of bows again. When they're truly dead, trash them.
Christmas wrapping paper. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
Wrapping paper
Yes, you can recycle Christmas wrapping paper — unless it's metallic, has glitter or has velvety flocking on it.
“Plain wrapping paper is totally recyclable,” said Robert Reed, a spokesperson for Recology, a San Francisco-based recycling company that operates in California, Oregon and Washington state.
And don't worry about getting all the tape off before you toss it in the bin. “Tape's okay,” they said.
That said, reusable gift bags are nice in that they can be, well, reused.
Ribbons for wrapping Christmas presents. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
Ribbons
You wouldn't think shiny curls of ribbon would strike fear into the heart of recycling plant managers, but they do.
A bow can go through the entire system and be screened out by the pulping equipment. Ribbons, on the other hand, are insidious.
Facilities that accept commingled recyclables and sort out the cardboard use a large piece of equipment called disc screens, or sets of spinning discs with spaces in between. Large flat items like cardboard are carried up and over the screen, while smaller items fall through the spaces between the discs.
Unfortunately, ribbons (as well as plastic bags, twine and anything else that's long and stringy) end up wrapping around the spinning shafts that hold the discs. It's kind of like hair wrapping around the roller brush of a vacuum cleaner.
Over the space of just a few hours, the gaps between the discs can fill up until the smaller items that were supposed to fall through the spaces no longer can.
To fix the problem "the facility then needs to shut down all the equipment so they can get in and cut out all the junk that has wrapped around the shafts holding the discs,” said Peter Spendelow, a materials management specialist for Oregon's Department of Environmental Quality.
A glittery Christmas card. While the glitter is lovely, it's non-recyclable and means the card shouldn't be put in recycling. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
Christmas cards
In a word, you need to sort them.
Plain paper Christmas cards can go straight into the paper recycling bin, no questions asked.
But the shiny Christmas cards printed on photo paper need to go into the trash. It's the same with ones that have lots of metallic embossing, though usually you can tear the card in half and at least recycle the paper portion, Recology's Reed says.
Cards that have a lot of glitter on them should also stay out of recycling.
“You can't recycle glitter,” they said.
Cardboard boxes broken down for recycling. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
Break it down
Online purchases now make up 9.1% of all U.S. retail sales, according to the Department of Commerce. All those sales mean more individual boxes being shipping to customers' homes — and in turn more boxes that need recycling.
Cardboard is a great material to recycle because it's clean, easy to reprocess and every ton of it that's reclaimed saves 17 trees, said Reed.
The most important thing when recycling boxes is simply to break them down flat. Otherwise they take up so much room in the recycling trucks that they have to make extra trips, requiring more energy and eating up all the net good recycling would have done in the first place.
“Get yourself a razor knife from the hardware store so you can easily slice the boxes up,” said Reed.
Packages closed with paper tape don't require anything more than flattening. Boxes with a single strip of plastic tape are okay too. If you get one with a lot of heavy-duty, wide plastic tape, it's worth taking a moment to peel one end up so you can pull the whole strip tape off.
“The strong adhesive in some tapes can create a problem at the paper mill,” said Reed.
But don't feel like you've got to remove every single bit of plastic tape and only throw pristine cardboard into the bin, they said. "The recycling process will take care of it."
As you engage in the oddly satisfying task of breaking down boxes, ponder that everything you're tossing in the recycle bin will most likely come back to you next year.
Many of the the items we order online are made in China, notes Reed. Those items come in cardboard boxes. The boxes are made in China.
And what are they made from? You guessed it — recycled paper from the United States.
A wrapped present and Christmas tree. (Photo11: Elizabeth Weise)
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2BQcLIg
The telecoms watchdog has been strongly criticised for taking too long to adjudicate on complaints that Eir is abusing its dominant position in the market.
Rival firms are angry that ComReg has failed to act despite an admission by Eir that it discriminated against other telcos using its network.
In a report last summer, the former semi-state detailed a list of 20 areas where it was failing to provide equal access to non-Eir companies.
Eir plans to publish a further compliance update at the end of March. This is expected to detail the company's progress in complying with its regulatory obligations.
However, ComReg says it will take until the end of 2016 to carry out a review of Eir's regulatory governance model.
At issue is whether the company's wholesale arm should be structurally separated from its retail business.
Outsourced review
Access to Eir's broadband and fixed-line network remains a contentious issue amid allegations that Eir favours its own retail arm over rival telcos.
“Taking a year to adjudicate is unacceptable. The assessment on the impact of the market will come after the damage, if any, has been done,” said Ronan Lupton of the Alternative Operators in the Communications Market group, which represents non-Eir operators.
“The regulator complains about resources,” they added, “but this is a different situation as Eir itself has detailed the issues involved.”
They noted that ComReg was given Eir's report last May.
A spokesperson for the regulator said: “ComReg has said recently that it will carry out a review of Eir's regulatory governance model.
“While the matters involved are detailed and complex, ComReg is committed to carrying out its review as expeditiously as possible.”
Separately, ComReg is expected to rule on a series of complaints by Eir's main rivals – Sky, BT, Vodafone and Magnet – about Eir's fault repair times, which they claim are below European industry norms.
Joint complaint
Eir has a number of service level agreements (SLAs) with companies that use its telecoms network, which oblige it to fix 77 per cent of faults on customers' lines within two days and 92 per cent within five days.
However, an Eir spokesperson admitted the company was currently not hitting its SLA targets .
“We are transparent. We publish performance on a quarterly basis,” they said, noting that financial penalties were paid to operators when targets were not met.
“One of the reasons for missing the targets is due to the sustained storms over the past number of months,” they added.
“We are increasing our resourcing by training more apprentices to specifically work on fault repair.”
The mediation process between the four operators (Sky, BT, Vodafone and Magnet) and Eir is ongoing. ComReg's binding and final decision on new levels for SLAs will be made at the end of March.
Hey There Polished People!
Here in my area of the US we have entered the rainy season. 😦 I'm really a summer girl, but I actually don't mind the rain too much. I just hate being cold, but since my husband has been making us cozy fires every night in the wood stove I haven't been too cold lately. I'll hate the rain more in February when it's been raining for 5 months straight and I'm tired of it. I guess if you wanna live where it's nice and green you gotta have that rain!! You know what's good about rain? Cute rain cloud nails! Wanna see?
Rain Cloud Nails
How To Get These Nails:
Base coat. Paint your nails with 2-3 coats of Essence I Like Bad Boys. Apply a coat of Seche Vite and allow your nails to dry and harden thoroughly. When your nails are ready- use BM 312 and SH Blue By to stamp the cloud design on your nails. Apply a coat of Seche Vite and you're good to go dancing in the rain! 😉
These nails are particularly appropriate for today because I'm going camping till almost Thanksgiving (my husband calls it hunting cuz that's what he'll be doing, I call it camping cuz I'll be reading, possibly painting my nails, snacking and napping in the trailer, haha) and it's supposed to rain the entire time! Hopefully it wont be too bad and we can get a campfire going because that's always fun. Until I get back, I may be a little slow to respond to comments but please don't let that stop you! Comment away and when I have a little cell phone signal I'll be checking in and responding to all your wonderful comments that I just love reading so much!! 🙂
These nails were quick and simple. I probably could have used these for delicate nail day, actually. I just love Essence I Like Bad Boys. It's this light dusty blue color with bright blue microglitter throughout. It's LOVELY!! It has the same awesome formula as the others I've tried and that brand just hasn't stopped impressing me! 🙂 Let me know what you think of these nails and if you're a summer sun or a winter rain person! As always thanks for reading and till next time- Happy Polishing!! 😀
Advertisements
Migrant workers' meeting. Photo BWI
Unions are looking up in the slave state of Qatar
16 Nov 2015, By Bert Schouwenburg Guest
GMB International Officer Bert Schouwenburg has just returned from a visit to Qatar with Building Workers International. This is what they found.
I was last in Qatar with the ITUC nearly two years ago in December 2013 and in that time little would appear to have changed. There are more (empty) tower blocks, more roads and some World Cup infrastructure under construction but the kefala system is intact and the majority of around 1.5 million migrant workers still live and work in appalling conditions. On the first day I was in the Kingdom, I visited a labour camp used by a Carillion sub-contractor and it was the same depressing spectacle of ten beds to a room, primitive catering facilities and inadequate sanitation.
The Qataris are not immune to criticism and legislation has been introduced to at least modify kefala by allowing some movement between employers, though this will not take effect for a year. And while we were in Qatar, the ILO Governing Body in Geneva was getting ready to send a high-level investigative mission to see for themselves how out of line with international labour standards the slave-state is.
Freedom of association and collective bargaining are still regarded as alien concepts. That was reinforced in a meeting with the Supreme Committee for the Delivery and Legacy of the World Cup when it was put to the President of the body that they were wasting their time if they thought that workers' welfare committees and a limited system of auditing would do anything to improve the exploitation of foreign workers in construction. We were told that new ‘Labour Cities' were being constructed to house the influx of migrants but there would be no cooperation with our delegation to allow us onto the premises or onto any other sites because of the pending case at the ILO. Once that is settled, they told us, access may be granted. We did see one huge new multi-storey camp from the outside that, allegedly, had 70,000 places.
A significant development is the formation of a Qatar branch of the Philippines' Federation of Free Workers in Doha. The new organisation is recognised and accredited by the Filipino Embassy. At an impressive and historic ceremony on Friday, 6 November, attended by the BWI delegation and some 120 workers, the Ambassador was present to witness what can only be described as the birth of trade unionism in Qatar. There are some 200,000 Filipinos working there and the BWI has supported a team of organisers and trained para-legal people who have already achieved results in contract disputes. There is no reason why the union should not grow rapidly with the continued backing of the BWI.
In addition to the Filipino initiative, a South Asian workers' association has also been formed but is of a more clandestine nature. The latter community is not as cohesive as their Filipino colleagues and there are apparently differences related to nationality and caste that will have to be resolved. The reaction of the Qatari authorities remains to be seen and will doubtless depend on whether or not the nascent unions develop to the extent that they can mount a challenge to the status quo.
In the short term, there is unease amongst the Qataris about the future of FIFA and if it completely disintegrates in the next few years, they could be left with a veritable herd of white elephants in the shape of football stadia and infrastructure that would be completely useless.
For more information on campaigns on the Qatar World Cup, visit the TUC's Playfair Qatar or the ITUC's Qatar Exposed.
French media conglomerate Vivendi once owned a majority stake in Activision Blizzard, but soon will own less than 6 percent of the company -- after it offers 41.5 million shares of Activision Blizzard stock in a public sell-off.Activision Blizzard and Vivendi announced plans to part ways last July, when the video game company instituted a stock buyback program to capture a large part of Vivendi's shares. CEO Bobby Kotick also lead a cohort of investors, including Chinese publisher Tencent, to buy another swath of the video game company's shares.The 41.5 million shares Vivendi is selling represent half of its current stake in the company, which after this latest sale will be down to 5.8 percent. Bloomberg Businessweek points out that this sale will be worth about $866 million at today's stock price.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Many middle class families are considering leaving Egypt
Since the toppling of Hosni Mubarak in 2011, many of Egypt's middle class have felt let down with basic state services such as education and security - some have even decided to leave. It's a group whose talents are vital to the country's economic future.
Pushing their twin daughters back and forwards on swings in the garden, Nabila Hamdy is all smiles.
With a spacious home, four healthy children and a nanny to help look after them, they know they have plenty of reasons to be contented.
But part of the reason for their happiness is that they are leaving behind the house, the garden and the nanny (not to mention their driver) to start a new life in the UK with their husband, airline pilot Mohamed, and youngsters Zeina, Zein, Aisha and Fatma
"My husband has been wanting to leave for the past 10 years, but I've been saying, 'No, no, it's Egypt, it's home,'" 36-year-old Nabila says.
"I'm very proud of Egypt, but since the 2011 revolution things have been bad here, really bad. There's no police, no sense of security, no sense of safety. You're afraid and it's scary."
Lifestyle change
The move to the UK, where the couple has a house, was pretty much complete by the time Egypt's latest power struggle saw Mohammed Morsi forced from office.
And while Nabila deplored what they argue were changes in society under a Muslim Brotherhood-led government, especially a sense that women were being treated as second-class citizens, the family's minds were made up despite the power shift.
"I won't have the same lifestyle, I won't have the help I am used to," Nabila says.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How the new middle class is changing the world
"But I will be able to guarantee that my kids will be able to walk the streets safely, that my girls will grow up being treated with respect. I am blessed to have this opportunity and though I love my country, I love my kids more."
Societal changes
Them family are at the top end of a very broad group in Egypt that defines itself as middle class.
And while numbers are hard to pin down - and though there are some exiled Egyptians returning to their homeland - Nabila is not alone in choosing to leave,
"We're hearing there's quite a trend of a brain drain this summer," says economist Angus Blair, president of the Cairo-based Signet Institute.
"These are people in the middle class who don't like some societal changes that are happening - increased intolerance, perhaps interference in the way that they live."
They cite reports from one private school that 200 of the 1,500 Egyptian pupils have not been enrolled for the autumn term.
And while this might be partly down to parents rethinking school fees during a time of double-digit inflation, Mr Blair believes it is also the result of middle-class families leaving the country.
"I think that's a shame because Egypt could do with this class of entrepreneurs and others who also take some form of decision in society," they add.
Image caption Source: UN/Brookings Institution
Price pressures
Middle-class Egyptians played a big part in the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak early in 2011.
And it was a disillusioned middle class who were among the hundreds of thousands on the streets across Egypt last week, pressure that led to Mohammed Morsi being pushed out as president.
It was news greeted optimistically by Samir Abdel Aziz Saber, who lives with their wife and three children in an apartment in a dusty Cairo suburb where donkeys still compete for space with cars on the road.
Image caption Samir Saber is still paying for private schooling even though the family's cost of living has gone up by 30%
Though their living conditions and income from work in a firm of architects is far below those of Nabila's family, the 40-year-old also considers themselves middle class.
They have no plans yet to pull their eldest boys Hassan and Said out of private school even though they are struggling to pay the fees, with their salary largely unchanged but the price of food up by as much as 30%.
Sitting on the sofa helping the boys with homework, they admit one way to make money would be to find work abroad.
But as they could not afford to take their family, they will not be joining the movement of middle-class Egyptians seeking a better life overseas.
"I prefer to stay with my kids and be next to them when they are growing up," Samir says.
"I have to be with them whether the country is OK or not - I have to be with my kids. If I think of going somewhere else, to me this is like running away."
Illinois still doesn't have a budget, the state has practically defaulted on millions in payments to service providers, can't even pay its lottery winners, but state Democrats have introduced a bill that would make Barack Obama's birthday a “state holiday” — meaning state workers would have yet another paid holiday added to their generous benefits.
State Rep. André Thapedi and three other Chicago Democrats sponsored House Bill 4654 on February 2 aimed at making Obama's birthday, August 4, a state holiday. The status means state offices and schools would be closed and state employees would get a paid day off.
But even if they got this dubious benefit, state workers are having other problems. Last September, the state stopped paying health care claims on state employee's self-insured plans. The move affected up to 150,000 state employees and is likely a harbinger of troubles to come.
According to the bill:
The fourth day of August of each year shall be a legal holiday to be known as Barack Obama's Birthday to be observed as a day on which to hold appropriate exercises in commemoration of our illustrious President. When August fourth shall fall on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be held and considered the holiday.
The bill would only add additional burdens to a state already in “technical default” and would further doom the state with the lowest credit rating of any state in the Union.
Aside from its slowly exploding pension bomb, Illinois shows many signs of self-destruction. Late in 2015, for instance, the state stopped funding for a series of agencies, but did keep funding intact for services to disabled children.
Things are so bad for the Land of Lincoln's budget that even big lottery winners are being told they won't get paid. Naturally, the lottery hasn't been shut down. Winners aren't getting paid, but the lottery is still selling millions of tickets.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
So there's these two stations over on Fort Street near Springwells in Detroit. One's a BP and the other's a Marathon station. Both are known for offering pretty decent gas prices downtown and we've bought gas at both stations depending on which station seemed to have the daily price leverage over the other. But apparently the penny price war between the two stations we'd always taken advantage of has now gone deadly. Last night BP station owner Jawad Bazzi got a bullet to the head over a 3-cent difference in the cost of regular unleaded. Here's what we're told happened:
The Marathon station on Fort near Springwells dropped its price to $2.93. That angered Jawad Bazzi, whose regular gas was priced at $2.96. Bazzi walked across the street with a couple of employees to confront the Marathon owner and their posse. The groups argued, then began throwing punches. One of Bazzi's employees hit a Marathon employee with a baseball bat, injuring him. That's when the Marathon owner grabbed a handgun and fired three or four times. Bazzi, 45, of Dearborn Heights was shot in the head. The Marathon owner, whose name wasn't released Friday, was arrested. He's identified as a 51-year-old Warren man.
We're told because the Marathon station's now closed, the price at the BP is now at $3.09 for regular. Somewhere we think Bazzi is smiling. UPDATE: Will the gas station owner be charged? One local Detroit TV station weighs in here. [via Freep]
The Province newspaper may have been the first Canadian media outlet to refer to “astronaut” families.
It was 1989. The archived story explained how wealthy business people in Hong Kong were adopting a trans-national lifestyle in which they flew back and forth, working in Asia and visiting family in Canada.
Since then Canadians have become familiar with astronaut families, in which fathers (usually) obtain permanent resident status for their spouse and children in Canada and then return to their homeland to make money.
In the past three decades, hundreds of thousands of such astronaut families have grown into a kind of global elite, with some family members holding passports from two or even three countries. Along with Hong Kong, they now include people from Taiwan, France, Britain, India, Iran and especially China.
Astronaut families, which academics also call “circular migrants,” have had a huge affect on neighbourhoods and schools in Toronto, Montreal and particularly Metro Vancouver.
Their presence has been especially felt in skyrocketing real estate prices. More recently concerns are rising about trans-national migrants evading or avoiding Canadian taxes.
Before looking at innovative policy responses to the challenges raised by these hyper-mobile global rich, it's worth noting corporations are going to great lengths to appeal to them.
CS Global Partners, an investment company, has a glossy eight-page supplement inside British Airway's inflight magazine titled: “Dual Citizenship: The Insurance Policy of the 21st Century.” It extols “alternative citizenship.”
The supplement urges trans-nationals to “choose a county where luxury and indulgence permeate every element of your daily activities.” It advises picking a stable country that has few or no “residency requirements.”
Related
It's clear astronaut families have brought cultural diversity, international connections and foreign currency to Canada: They've fuelled not only real estate development, but also automobile sales and private schools.
While many astronaut families exhibit as much integrity as others, some taxation and immigration specialists believe Canada needs new ways to counter the downsides of circular migrants — particularly unaffordable housing and uncollected taxes.
An anti-corruption agency, Transparency International, recently released a report calling Metro Vancouver one of the hot spots for a globalized “corrupt elite” intent on making their dirty wealth look clean by laundering it through real estate; exploiting gaping tax loopholes.
What can be done? The short answer is better taxation and immigration policy — and rigorous enforcement.
David Lesperance, a tax and immigration lawyer with offices in Toronto and Europe, has striking ideas for reform.
They would bring fewer “ghost immigrants” to Canada, they said, and more of what they call “Golden Geese,” well-off migrants who intend to pay their fair share of taxes.
“The problem is there is large-scale immigration of relatively wealthy people to Canada who are not contributing significantly, if at all, to the Canadian tax base,” says Lesperance.
“They have bid up the local housing market in Vancouver and Toronto. In addition, they are receiving the benefits of Canadian permanent residence, such as cheap and excellent schooling, free medical care and security.”
Unfortunately, Lesperance says, Canada is not obtaining its full measure of property or income taxes from these newcomers. There is both a real and perceived lack of enforcement of Canada's tax laws.
“Theoretically, each of these wealthy immigrants should be paying Canadian tax on their worldwide income and capital gains. But the reality is the Canada Revenue Agency has not been enforcing this regime and this news has spread through the immigrant community,” Lesperance says.
“Astronaut families are those who were granted permanent residence status for their families and, after buying homes and installing children in schools, the principal breadwinner then tries to claim no Canadian tax liability — often by relinquishing their immigration status (or by) claiming they're non-residents of Canada for tax purposes.”
To change the global perception that it's easy to get away with not paying taxes in Canada, Lesperance says there is a need for well-publicized tax audits of such “ghost” immigrants.
It wouldn't be hard to catch cheaters, said Lesperance.
The first group to audit, Lesperance said, is the 40,000 would-be immigrants who have, in the past two years, renounced their permanent residence status in Canada, often to avoid taxes.
Renouncers and others should be subjected to “lifestyle audits,” Lesperance said. Tax auditors should dig into whether astronaut fathers, but also their spouses and children, continue to own Canadian properties and spend lavishly on cars and private schools.
Those who are caught evading taxes should be publicly exposed, they said.
“The impact of news of such an effort will resonate like a thunderbolt within the immigrant communities. The fallout will be that each family will have to determine whether (staying in Canada) is valuable enough for them to pay the proper (taxes).”
Lesperance offers another idea, which is more unorthodox.
There is nothing wrong with creative rich people travelling the world to work, invest and run businesses, argues Lesperance. Many are their clients, whom they call the “Golden Geese.”
They would be satisfied, they say, holding two passports while still paying their share of income taxes to Canada, in return for “a stable and safe place for their global operations.”
Canada is losing out on these entrepreneurial newcomers, they say, because its “antiquated” immigration policy focuses on migrants proving a sustained “physical presence” in the country.
Lesperance turns things around by suggesting we not worry so much about whether such wealthy would-be immigrants are physically present in Canada.
Instead, Lesperance recommends rating them on whether they pay significant income taxes in Canada — regardless of which country they spend most of their time in.
It's a counter-intuitive way to think about immigration policy, which has traditionally expected newcomers to show a physical loyalty to their new land. I'm not saying I necessarily endorse it. There are other ways to tax the properties of astronaut families.
But at least a new “tax-residence” approach to business immigrants would help Canada become less of a haven for those circular migrants who are determined to avoid or evade taxes the rest of us are expected to pay.
dtodd@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/douglastodd
Mike Dickinson might be the greatest troll-politician the Internet has ever seen.
A congressional candidate from Virginia and self-described “left-wing liberal,” Dickinson this week put out a staggering $100,000 bounty for anyone who could provide nude photos of Kendall Jones—a 19-year old Texan cheerleader who's the subject of some controversy themselves over their prolific big game hunting.
“B_Cox09: innocent girl.” She's a scumbag who kills endangered animals. To hell w them Not innocent pic.twitter.com/yFQPOIf0DC — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 10, 2014
Does #KendallJones use vegetables as sex toys? Do they enjoy being spanked? We want to know. — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 10, 2014
If #KendallJones is old enough to be in college&kill elephants/giraffes/rhinos she's old enough to be a target. 100k to anyone w nude photos — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 9, 2014
I have 100k to anyone who has nude photos or videos of #kendalljones at Texas tech. They deserve to be a target — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 9, 2014
A liberal politician going off the rails publicly? You could practically hear right-wing pundits rubbing their hands with glee over the story; the write-up by conspiracy nut Glenn Beck's The Blaze was shared 25,000 times. Others delighted in pointing out “liberal hypocrisy,” like National Review's Jim Geraghty:
If @VoteMike2014 were a Republican, they would be national news by now. http://t.co/UYT22ct1Ts — jimgeraghty (@jimgeraghty) July 10, 2014
There is, however, a catch. Electoral website Mediaite reports that Dickinson never actually filed the paperwork to stand as a Democratic candidate in Virgina's 7th Congressional District, despite the fact that they repeatedly billed themselves as such. (The real Democrat in the race is Dr. Jack Trammell.) And when they appeared on Fox News, they were called out by host Greta Van Susteren over the fact that he'd lied about being CEO of a chain of strip joints. “I consulted for them,” they admitted.
With no official candidacy, they have no official ties to the Democrat party. After all, it's hard to imagine the Democratic machine would ever conceivably back a candidate who's said something of the things he's said recently.
“iCowboyCope: trash talk southern heritage and people.” Southern heritage is dumb — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 11, 2014
“Double_Dubya: “@VoteMike2014: Actually I like babysitter and casting couch. Free plug to @Pornhub” You've never watched? Liar — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 11, 2014
“cameronh_3: you are ugly.” So are you — DickinsonForCongress (@VoteMike2014) July 11, 2014
So what do we have here? Dickinson is a guy with no official party affiliation and a history of making controversial statements (along with everything else, they told The Blaze that porn magnate Larry Flynt was their “mentor”).  They are also attention-seeking—he previously raised eyebrows with vehementy anti-Christian tweets.
In other words, Dickinson is a nobody that wants to be a somebody, and certain aspects of the media—keen to feed their own agenda—are happy to help them on theirs way.
It's time's like these when we need to remember rule 14: Don't feed the trolls.
H/T Slate / Photo via Charles te Mechelen / Wikimedia Commons
FRISCO, Colo. - A Flight for Life medical helicopter crashed during departure from a hospital in Frisco, Colo., on Friday afternoon, CBS Denver KCNC reports.
There were three crew members on board, all medical personnel. No patients were on board at the time. The pilot was killed, the others suffered injuries.
"We are deeply saddened by the news that our pilot was fatally injured, and our hearts go out to the pilot's family," Air Methods spokesperson Christina Brodsly said. "We can also confirm that the flight paramedic and flight nurse on board received injuries, and there were no patients on the aircraft. The FAA and the NTSB have our full cooperation as they further investigate the accident. We want to continue to make sure we have all of the facts correct."
The chopper went down at lift off and landed in a parking lot, hitting a pickup truck. No one was inside the truck, according to Steve Lipsher spokesperson for Lake Dillion Fire. The chopper was fully engulfed in flames when crews arrived.
Lipsher said there were a number of witnesses as the chopper pad is beside a trail and this is a very busy time of year around there.
The remainder of the Fight for Life helicopter that crashed in Frisco, Colo. on Friday CBS Denver KCNC
CBS Denver reports the helicopter was leaving St. Anthony's Summit Medical Center when it crashed. Lake Dillon Fire and Red, White & Blue Fire responded to the fire, along with the Summit County Sheriff, Summit County Ambulance and Frisco Police.
It is still unclear what caused the helicopter to crash. The NTSB confirms they are sending an investigator from their Denver office.
The dominant religion of our age is feminism, and feminism means placing your faith in self esteem. More specifically, feminism means placing your faith in women's self esteem. The fundamental premise of feminism is that if it weren't for men tricking women into thinking they are different, women would either be just like men, or better than men, at everything. This is why feminists consistently focus on make believe over real achievements. In the religion of feminism make believe creates women's self esteem, and self esteem will create real achievements.
Faith in self esteem is why Wonder Woman was of such out-sized importance to feminists. It is why they didn't just cheer during the action scenes, but sobbed, uncontrollably. It wasn't just that the movie scratched the feminist fantasy itch; it was their deep and abiding faith that believing in the fantasy would make the feminist dream come to pass. As Emma Grey explained at Huffington Post in ‘Wonder Woman' And The Power Of Watching A Woman Save The World:
I cried within the first five minutes of “Wonder Woman.” And then about 10 minutes later. And then another 15 minutes after that. In fact, I found myself choking up on and off throughout the entire 2+ hour film ― not because the movie was sad, but because I had never seen anything quite like it. Just the visual of seeing an army of ripped, powerful women charging down to protect each other and their world was enough to bring me to tears.
These were tears of empowerment, of seeing, and feeling, a great shift in history. Grey and their fellow feminists were crying because they finally understood what it felt like to be a man:
Since “Wonder Woman” opened at the end of last week, my social media feeds have been filled with women talking about how meaningful ― sometimes shockingly so ― watching the movie was for them.
They offered the following tweet as an example of the sentiment:
NO WONDER WHITE MEN ARE SO OBSCENELY CONFIDENT ALL THE TIME I SAW ONE WOMAN HERO MOVIE AND I'M READY TO FIGHT A THOUSAND DUDES BAREHANDED — meg s.s. (@megsauce) June 4, 2017
But Wonder Woman wasn't the only movie this summer aiming to transform nature by boosting the self esteem of women. Ashley Stoney at Romper explains in Forget ‘Wonder Woman': This ‘Cars 3' Heroine Is The Feminist Hero Of The Summer. (Spoiler Warning)
Cruz has their own aspirations of being a racer, but they couldn't, because they were always told they aren't good enough or fast enough, a criticism that will ring true to any moms who work in male-dominated fields. She's plagued with self-doubt, but by the end of the movie, after the two have reconciled, and Lightning ends up entering Cruz, now their protégé, into the race during the final lap, much to the frustration of their peers. Of course, Cruz wins, a triumphant victory against the loud male cars who told them they were not good enough to compete with them. … Ultimately, the message of Cars 3 is an eminently valuable one: you don't need a man to teach you things that you can learn yourself, because self-esteem comes from within. It's a noble attempt to make girls realize their worth, and as parents, it's our job to reinforce and further shape that notion.
As I wrote in the beginning, feminism is the dominant faith of our age. This may seem like an overstatement to some, but this is true. Very often feminism is dressed up as something else entirely. Very often feminism masquerades as the previously dominant religion of our society, Christianity. Notice how similar the overt feminism in the quotes above is to the covert feminism-masquerading-as-Christianity in the preface to Wendy Griffith's You Are a Prize to be Won!: Don't Settle for Less Than God's Best:
There are many reasons why we as women cannot properly gauge our worth. Whether we've been raised by parents or a parent who simply didn't know how to nurture and raise an emotionally healthy child, whether we have allowed society, men or a man in our past (or present) to define who we are instead of what God says about us, or whether we have endured cheating, physical abuse or emotional abuse at the hands of a man we thought would always protect us, there are numerous reasons why women enter relationships with the wrong men. The bottom line is we begin to believe the lie that we're really not worth that much, and we end up being attracted to men who can never truly love us the way we long and deserve to be loved.
Men and society have conspired to keep women down, but if we can only teach women their worth, God's will, can finally be achieved. Have faith in self worth, for Self Worth is a Christian woman's source of power:
Do you know your incredible value? Do you know what you are truly worth? The way you answer this question–or, more importantly, what you truly believe is the answer to it–has the power to change everything in your life. Everything! The way we perceive ourselves, whether as royalty or peasants, as worthy of love or unworthy, will dictate not only how we treat ourselves but how others treat us. It will influence everything from how much favor we receive at work, to how our boyfriends and husbands treat us, to whether we fulfill our God-given destinies.
Do you want to know how to be a Christian wife? Focus on your Self Worth and it will transform your marriage into God's design! Griffith explains that the battle for women's self esteem is nothing less than a supreme battle between good and evil, between Feminism/Christianity and the Patriarchy/Satan:
Many of us have not seen ourselves as God sees us. The enemy of our souls has painted a bleak picture of who we are (not worthy of love, not talented, not beautiful, too young, too old, too fat, too skinny, not smart enough, etc.), and unfortunately, we have believed the lies and not lived up to our potential.
On the cover of the book TD Jakes reminds us of the same truth taught by Cars 3. Women's greatness comes from self esteem, and self esteem comes from within the woman herself:
Wendy Griffith reminds us that every woman has within themselves the seeds of greatness.
Related: Something in common.
Advertisements
Included into the set of standard preinstalled programs in the Windows 8 operating system, the Microsoft corporation for the first time ships their own antivirus called Windows Defender. Windows Defender actually came included into this set in earlier Windows versions too, but it served as an antispyware and malware filter only. But its latest incarnation under Windows 8 in fact integrates the free antivirus called Microsoft Security Essentials which was available for free download but wasn't integrated into previous Windows versions by default.
When running with Microsoft Security Essentials/Windows Defender active antivirus, PVS-Studio may show a significant slowdown when checking C/C++ files, depending on the analysis settings and user configuration. Before starting the static analysis process itself, PVS-Studio.exe calls the external preprocessor for each of the source-code files to get a full intermediate preprocessed file, i.e. a C/C++ file including header files with expanded macros. In the Visual Studio environment, PVS-Studio can use both the native Visual C++ preprocessor cl.exe and the third-party clang.exe preprocessor shipped inside the PVS-Studio distribution. It is when using cl.exe as the preprocessor that an issue occurs. We've already posted a report on this issue to Microsoft Visual C++ support.
In particular, when using the native Visual C++ cl.exe compiler as the preprocessor on a multi-core computer (when analysis runs in several concurrent threads for several files simultaneously), we can see an induced restriction (imposed by MSE/Windows Defender, as I suspect) on CPU resource usage of total 25% which is imposed for all the cl.exe processes. What does it mean in practice? When utilizing, for instance, 4 of cl.exe processes on a 4-core computer, the maximum total load of these processes doesn't exceed 25%, i.e. each one of them will get only about 6% of CPU execution time. But we are expecting that each one of these processes should get 25% of CPU time (when there's no background CPU load, of course)! It's clear that such a slow-down of each cl.exe will cause a significant increase of analysis time for each file being checked. Our experiments have shown that this 25% restriction doesn't relate to the number of cores in the system: we observed the same 1/4 performance restriction, working on an 8-core computer, and even binding cl.exe processes to different cores didn't change anything.
In the general case, we recommend that you always should add both the analyzer unit itself (PVS-Studio.exe) and all the software utilizing it, as well as their corresponding paths (for example, devenv.exe - the main executable of the Visual Studio environment), into the antivirus's exceptions list, when running PVS-Studio static analyzer under active antivirus software. Unfortunately, adding PVS-Studio.exe (as well as devenv.exe, cmd.exe and even cl.exe itself) into MSE/Windows Defender's exceptions list or even disabling the real-time protection don't fix the issue of performance loss with the cl.exe preprocessor. Only completely disabling MSE/Windows Defender (or replacing it with a different antivirus) allows you to use 100% of CPU resources for the preprocessing purpose.
So, the question arises: how does the build of Visual C++ projects progress when using the same cl.exe directly from the Visual Studio environment? For the build to run in parallel, i.e. to have several cl.exe processes run simultaneously, you need a solution containing at least several projects. An ordinary test build of such a solution (containing 87 of Visual C++ 10.0 projects) didn't reveal any performance issues at first sight. However, adding the compilation flags /P and /c to the properties for each of these projects (i.e. for preprocessing a file into an i file without linking) had actually caused the issue described above: 8 cl.exe processes were running under 2-3% of processor load each; that is, the total CPU load didn't exceed 25% again. Thus, this proves that the performance degradation with the Visual C++ preprocessor launched together with the MSE/Windows Defender doesn't depend on how it is started and whether it is launched from the PVS-Studio analyzer, the Visual Studio environment, or even manually from a cmd file. We can only suppose that when the preprocessing mode is enabled, cl.exe generates and actively writes to the intermediate i file on the hard disk, and the antivirus doesn't like it for some reason.
In the past, I've shown how to write RESTful API calls to VMware NSX and provided some sample code. However, after fielding some questions to folks, I'm taking this opportunity to dive a little deeper into how the basic authentication process works. It's best to have a target platform to demonstrate against, so I'm using Rubrik's r300 Hybrid Cloud Appliance and its RESTful API endpoint in this post.
Crafting a Basic Authentication Key-Value Pair
I've worked with quite a few different API endpoints supplied by infrastructure vendors, and most of them work in a manner that requires submitting credentials over and receiving back a token. The token is then used for subsequent requests in lieu of the original credentials. Rubrik is no exception to this trend.
When working with any system, however, it's best to get their API documentation and see how they handle authentication. Basic authentication (“Basic Auth”) seems rather popular because it's simple, whereas others may choose to use more exotic means (OAuth, HMAC, OAuth2, and so forth). Note that the use of SSL to encrypt the connection between the server and client is critical; I would advise never using Basic Auth over HTTP (plain text).
The idea behind Basic Auth is to send a header key-value pair that contains the credentials necessary to use a RESTful method. Here are the three steps:
Take the string “username:password” and encode it using Base64. The colon between username and password is important, even if there is no password. Prefix this string with the word Basic, resulting in “Basic <Base64 value>” A header key of “Authorization” is created, with the above results stored in the value.
After this key-value pair is constructed, it will be placed into the header and look like this:
Authorization: Basic U3BvbmdlQm9iOlNxdWFyZVBhbnRz 1 Authorization : Basic U3BvbmdlQm9iOlNxdWFyZVBhbnRz
But hey, where's the token at?
Receiving a Token
While some API endpoints will let you stuff the Basic Auth details into the header of every API call (such as VMware NSX), others require that you submit the login credentials to a specific method to receive a token. In Rubrik's case, we first require that you log in by using a POST to the /login resource with a parameter containing the username and password in the body. Here are the details from Swagger-UI.
The response class shows that a properly formatted call should result in a 200 status (OK) and you'll get back a status, description, userId and token key-value pair.
Easy enough! Here's the code I've written for the Connect-Rubrik cmdlet found in the Community PowerShell Module for Rubrik. Its purpose in life is to gather credentials and acquire a token that will be used in subsequent cmdlets. While I don't profess to be any sort of expert in this arena, I did want to share what was created in hopes of sparking a fire in others and learning how to better write this sort of code.
Note: the /login resource does not require Basic Auth because that wouldn't be possible – you have to first authenticate before you can start using the resulting token. 🙂
Breaking Down the Code
The real action starts with line 54. This is where the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is constructed to talk to the appropriate resource, which is /login for this example. I'm using variables gathered earlier in the script that are defined in the Param section (server, username, and password). Note that password is a SecureString variable to protect the contents.
Next, the credentials are constructed on lines 57-61. The SecureString variable is a bit tricky to work with, so I first create a PSCredential variable to gather up the username and password, and then break it back down into the key-value pairs required by the /login resource.
Lines 64-74 are where the API call occur using Invoke-WebRequest. As I've mentioned in earlier posts, I prefer this cmdlet over Invoke-RestMethod because it returns the entire response, not just the content portion. I'm also using an on-the-fly conversion of the $body hashtable (key-value pairs) into JSON with the super handy ConvertTo-Json cmdlet. Finally, I retrieve the resulting token value from the content of the response.
The final portion involves lines 78-82, which constructs a global variable for future Basic Auth requests. This avoids needing to construct the variable for future calls used by other cmdlets. I had to leverage a bit of native .NET code with [System.Convert]::ToBase64String to encode the string for Basic Auth. In our case, the token becomes the username and there is no password anymore. The results are stored into the key named Authorization as per Basic Auth requirements.
Using Basic Auth in Subsequent Calls
Let's see how the global variable that contains the Basic Auth value is used for other cmdlets. Using the New-RubrikMount cmdlet as an example, which creates a zero-space clone based on a backup point, we can see the code in action.
Lines 33-38 are validating that the global token variable exists to make sure that you've used Connect-Rubrik in the past. A simple true/false test is all it takes.
The other sections (line 44, 64, and 99) are all using Invoke-WebRequest to the Rubrik API and leverage the $global:RubrikHead variable, which contains the Basic Auth key-value pair required for authentication. Notice that within PowerShell, this is as simple as using -Headers $global:RubrikHead. The header could contain more keys than Authentication, but for my purposes that's the only key required. The global variable can be re-used across all of the Rubrik cmdlets, although I'm sure there are some better ways to securely store the token, despite the fact that it expires after a short while.
So, there you have it. It's been fun to learn how to make all of these pieces work via PowerShell, and it's really exercised my noodle a fair bit. If you have suggestions for improvement, please send me a pull request (PR) or file an issue. 🙂
It's amazing how they continue to roll. They got deeper with the additions of forwards Jamie McGinn (who has scored in each of their first two games with Anaheim) and Brandon Pirri, who is recovering from an injury. They are getting scoring from multiple sources. Their offense was dried up at the beginning of the season, but now that has changed. They're also defending better.
Each Friday throughout the season Kevin Weekes will be bringing you their Friday Four. They will be blogging about four players, teams, plays, or trends that have caught their eye.
The Ducks defeated the Arizona Coyotes 5-1 on Thursday to tie a franchise record with their 10th straight win. They are a remarkable 17-1-1 in their past 19 games.
Ryan Kesler has started to turn it around, playing the way Ducks' brass envisioned when they went out and got him. The luxury of having them in a No. 2 center role behind Ryan Getzlaf is big. They give them added size and strength up the middle.
If you look at Cam Fowler's goal on Thursday, that is what the Ducks needed more of -- defenseman scoring. Hampus Lindholm, Sami Vatanen and Fowler have the ability to skate and make plays.
Nashville Predators
I spoke to Predators general manager David Poile, and they said they are playing better in every facet of the game. Filip Forsberg finally found their scoring touch; they had two hat tricks last week and hasn't slowed down, scoring again Thursday and contributing two assists in a 5-4 overtime loss to the New Jersey Devils. They were shooting, but for whatever reason, the pucks weren't going in. Now they are knocking on the door for 30 goals; they have 27.
They've been getting strong play from goaltender Pekka Rinne (5-0-3 in their past eight games). Rinne wasn't playing at their usual level for a stretch despite being a top-five goalie in the League.  They are good enough to win games on their own and is back to playing the way they can play.
Shea Weber had missed three games with an injury but has four points in two games since their return. These are a few of the reasons the Predators have points in 11 straight games (7-0-4).
Video: NJD@NSH: Forsberg breaks the tie late
Pittsburgh Penguins
Let's start off with Patric Hornqvist. They had a goal in a 4-1 win against the New York Rangers on Thursday, giving them five in three games. With Hornqvist as hot as they are, it opens up space, especially on the power play. He's always going to be a net-front presence, so you have to respect him. And defenseman Kris Letang continues to produce; they have 11 goals and 49 points in 53 games.
That was a big win for them Thursday; the Rangers had been 11-1-1 in the past 13 games against the Penguins. And Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin each scored in the game.
Olli Maatta has been an underrated piece for them and has made an impact offensively and defensively.
Phil Kessel scored their 20th goal Thursday and has five goals in 10 games. Would they have liked for them to score 30 goals? Sure, but to fit into the group and get assimilated, if they finish with 25, that's still a decent year.
Marc-Andre Fleury is so important to everything they are doing and trying to do. All roads lead back to him, for them to be able to play the way they want to play. He's been their most consistent player during the past four years, especially with the injuries they've had. He's going to have to be at their best.
Boston Bruins
It was a great move by general manager Don Sweeney not to fire Claude Julien, who tied Art Ross for the franchise record in wins (387) when Boston topped the Chicago Blackhawks 4-2 on Thursday. Julien has handled themselves well throughout everything. I saw firsthand the respect they got from New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick at the Winter Classic in Foxborough, Mass. For all the accomplishments Belichick has, it really says a lot to have as much respect as they have for Julien.
Not trading forward Loui Ericsson was a great move; they will be a key piece for them down the stretch and in the Stanley Cup Playoffs, if they get there. Acquiring forward Lee Stempniak (two assists Thursday), and defenseman John-Michael Liles (one assist) will help.
The Bruins have three potential 30-goal scorers in Brad Marchand (33), Patrice Bergeron (25) and Ericsson (24). Not many teams can say that.
Video: CHI@BOS: Bergeron opens up the scoring for the Bruins
HONORABLE MENTION:
Let's talk about the World Cup of Hockey. Team Sweden may have the most balanced squad so far, offensively and defensively. Team USA and Team North America have impressive rosters as well, especially in goal. The three goalies for Team USA (Cory Schneider, Ben Bishop and Jonathan Quick) have been great this season. The three who were picked for Team North America (Connor Hellebuyck, Matt Murray and John Gibson) have played at the NHL level this season and have been standouts in the American Hockey League.
Lastly, there were some notable omissions from Team Canada that surprised me: Forwards Corey Perry and Claude Giroux and defensemen Brent Seabrook and P.K. Subban. I know it's not easy with all the talent that Canada has, but I think each of them should have made the roster. We'll see if they get named to the final team in the coming months.
China's voracious appetite for energy from anywhere has led most oil-producing nations to attempt to feed the dragon, including Russia.
But a curious situation has developed as regards Russian oil exports to the Celestial Kingdom, underlining that the two nations, which fought for global supremacy over the Communist movement for four decades, remain at best, “frenemies.”
According to Chinese customs reports, last month oil imports from Russia fell by nearly half.
Not so, Rosneft says, stating that deliveries are proceeding through the Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean (ESPO) oil pipeline at their normal levels.
Russia is now China's ninth largest source of oil imports, with Saudi Arabia first, Iran second and Angola third.
In trying to read the tea leaves in the contradictory statements emanating from Beijing and Rosneft, Russian analysts believe that China is sending Moscow a not so subtle signal that it can do without Russian imports.
The Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean oil pipeline began deliveries to China last January, at a volume of 300,000 barrels a day. Last month China imported 4.58 million barrels per day, with Russian imports making up a mere 6.5 percent of the total.
So, where's the beef?
Money, apparently.
According to the 2009 Russian-Chinese intergovernmental agreement, oil deliveries to China through the Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean pipeline are made under contracts among Russian oil company Rosneft, Russian state-owned pipeline monopoly Transneft, and the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) for 15 million tons a year over two decades. In exchange for guarantees of long-term oil deliveries China provided Transneft and Rosneft with loans of $10 billion and $15 billion respectively.
But at the beginning of 2011 the CNPC started underpaying for Russian oil, as China demanded a revision of the price formula. It currently includes the price of transporting oil along ESPO's entire route to the port terminal in Kozmino. But as the branch to China begins at the point of Skovorodino, 1,271 miles from Kozmino, China is insisting that the pricing formula must be revised and that the cost of transportation from Skovorodino to Kozmino must be subtracted from it, with Beijing originally estimating the difference at $12 a barrel, underpaying accordingly.
Accordingly, China's debt as calculated by Moscow is now approximately $85 million. In a telling comment on the validity of both Russia and China's court systems, Rosneft and Transneft have begun consulting with lawyers about the possibility of initiating a lawsuit against the CNPC at the London Court of Arbitration. Earlier this month Transneft sniffed that if the case goes to court, it is prepared to return to China the $10 billion received in 2009 and to stop transporting Russian oil to China, unilaterally abrogating the 20-year contract.
Switching gears, China is upping the stakes to begin discussions at the governmental level to resolve the impasse. Chinese negotiators have invited Russian Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko to participate in the next round of talks, which is to take place in Beijing starting at the end of August, when it was originally assumed that only Rosneft and Transneft representatives would be participating in the discussions.
Konstantin Simonov, general director of the National Energy Security Foundation, is convinced that China is indulging in a bit of good old fashioned “provokatsiia,” to use a Soviet word, telling reporters, "The statement by the Chinese customs is of a provocative nature: The Chinese are endeavoring to show that Russia is not fulfilling its contract obligations and is casting doubt on the development of energy relations with China as a whole."
The reality is that Russia and China's struggle for Eurasian dominance did not end with the 1991 collapse of Communism. The implosion of the Soviet system left many Russians feeling disoriented and it is worth remembering that the USSR was a continuation of the Russian Empire, which began to expand eastwards into Siberia in the later part of the 16th century.
Many Russian intellectuals bemoan the fact that Gorbachev liberalized the political system but not the economy, leading to the Soviet Union's demise as China liberalized the economy while keeping tight Communist Party control, leading to the country's dazzling economic achievements of the last decade.
The rivalry is evident in Moscow and Beijing's contrasting visions of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, which Russia sees primarily as a military structure, while Beijing favors increased economic integration. Both nations are engaged in an ongoing “Great Game” for the hearts, minds and economies of the former Soviet Central Asian states, with their rich energy assets. Beijing is making serious inroads there, not least of because of their deep pockets and the locals' bitter memories of seven decades of Soviet domination.
Last but not least are Russian atavistic fears of the “yellow peril” and its threat to eastern Siberia, still largely devoid of population, large swathes which Russia acquired by the 1858 Aigun Treaty, which ceded the left bank of the Amur River to Russia and the 1860 Convention of Beijing, under which Russia gained control of Outer Mongolia. Both the Chinese Empire and subsequently the People's Republic of China referred to them as “unequal treaties” until Prime Minister Zhou Enlai acknowledged them in 1969 in an effort to improve Soviet-Chinese relations in the wake of a series of violent frontier clashes along the Amur River earlier that year.
The struggle between the two nations is a fascinating study in opacity. Russia, the energy superpower versus China, the economic superpower. Amidst the energy pricing squabbles and ongoing covert struggle for influence in Eurasia, Beijing and Moscow nevertheless find common ground on one topic – limiting the influence of the United States. If 42 years ago Soviet and Communist Chinese politicians could hammer out a border agreement, what's a mere $85 million among friends?
By. John C.K. Daly of OilPrice.com
Wall Street firms are cleaning out their desks — institutional-equity desks, that is.
Large and midsize firms are giving the boot to hundreds of high-priced trading staff in widespread layoffs and deep cost-cutting, replacing flesh-and-blood staff with cold steel computers and high-frequency trading algorithms.
The wholesale bloodbath is not painful to Wall Street's profits, which are reaching historic highs. (New York Stock Exchange member firms' profits tripled last year, to $24 billion, up from $7.7 billion in 2011. And this year opened with an outsize financial flourish. )
“The first quarter of 2013 was the biggest profit quarter in the history of the American banking industry,” said analyst Dick Bove.
But with equity and other trading in the doldrums, Dodd-Frank regulations casting a dark shadow, and, notably, advanced trading technology eliminating manual intervention, the Street is swinging the ax.
Many traders are now seen as “expenses” as the Street faces an uncertain and volatile future.
“We've had to shut it down,” industry veteran James Ross told The Post, describing the recent decision to close an innovative electronic-trading system operated by the AX Trading Group in Stamford, Conn.
Ross, chief operating officer at AX, said market conditions, declining volume and difficulty in raising capital imperiled AX's future. AX employed seven pros.
It's all just part of a wider contraction. “I had a couple of trading spots open since January, and I must have received about 3,000 résumés,” said Kyle Ramkissoon, a recruiter at IJC Partners.
There have been other high-priced layoffs across the Street in the past few weeks. (The typical pink-slipped pro made $500,000 a year; the best-of-breed pulled down millions.)
* Glenview Capital, a $5.5 billion hedge fund in the GM Building, cut four of its trading pros and analysts since the beginning of the year despite excellent returns.
* Bank of America Merrill Lynch has canned about a dozen traders so far this year in multiple rounds of layoffs. “There are more empty desks than full desks on the trading floor,” a source said.
* Both Credit Suisse and UBS eliminated teams of sales traders. “Credit Suisse doesn't have that many in New York, and it let four go. That's a lot,” a source said.
“I had a conversation a week ago with a fund that was trying to save some trading jobs,” said Harold Bradley, former head of trading at American Century. “They are trying to reorganize.”
Bradley said “buy-side” institutional traders are now up against what their “sell-side” counterparts at brokerage houses and exchange floors have faced for years, and are fighting big-time today — a sharp contraction in jobs.
“The cutbacks would tend to depress compensation for traders,”said Jim Leman, a managing director and trading expert at Westwater Corp.
Lawrence Summers is a professor and past president at Harvard. They were Treasury secretary from 1999 to 2001 and economic adviser to President Obama from 2009 through 2010.  They are on Twitter: @LHSummers.
The United States may be on course to becoming a “Downton Abbey” economy. There are valid causes for concern about inequality: sharp increases in the share of income going to the top 1 percent of earners, a rising share of income going to profits, stagnant real wages and a rising gap between productivity growth and growth in median family incomes. A generation ago, it could have been asserted that the economy's overall growth rate was the dominant determinant of growth in middle-class incomes and progress in reducing poverty. This is no longer a plausible claim.
Issues associated with an increasingly unequal distribution of economic rewards are likely to be with us long after cyclical conditions have normalized and budget deficits have been addressed.
Those who condemn President Obama's concern about inequality as “tearing down the wealthy” and un-American populism have, to put it politely, limited historical perspective. Consider some past presidential rhetoric:
Franklin Roosevelt said of the financial industry in their first inaugural address: “Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public opinion . . . they know only the rules of a generation of self-seekers. . . . and when there is no vision the people perish.” In 1936, Roosevelt asserted that “we had to struggle with the old enemies of peace — business and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking. . . . They are unanimous in their hate for me, and I welcome their hatred.”
Harry Truman observed: “The Wall Street reactionaries are not satisfied with being rich. . . . They want a return of the Wall Street economic dictatorship.”
John Kennedy, dismayed by a steel price increase, was quoted cursing the steel executives.
Richard Nixon announced in 1973 that they had “ordered the Internal Revenue Service to begin immediately a thoroughgoing audit of the books of companies which raised their prices more than 1.5 percent above the January ceiling.”
Bill Clinton complained during their first presidential campaign that “America is evolving a new social order, more unequal, more divided, more impenetrable to those who seek to get ahead. Although America's rich got richer . . . the country did not. . . . the stock market tripled but wages went down.”
More such examples abound. It is neither unusual nor un-American to be concerned about income inequality, the concentration of wealth or the influence of financial interests. Demands for action are hardly unreasonable given frustration with stagnant incomes and a growing body of evidence linking inequality to reduced equality of opportunity, reduced demand for goods and services and increased alienation from public institutions.
The challenge is what to do. If total income were independent of efforts at redistribution, there would be a compelling case for reducing incomes at the top and transferring the proceeds to those in the middle and at the bottom. Unfortunately, this is not the case. It is easy to conceive of policies that would have reduced the earning power of a Bill Gates or a Mark Zuckerberg by making it more difficult to start, grow and globalize businesses. But it is much harder to see how such policies would raise the incomes of the remaining 99.9 percent of the population, and such policies would surely hurt them as consumers.
Yes, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of highly compensated people in finance over the past generation. But recent studies show that most of the increase has come as the value of assets has increased and that asset management fees have remained roughly constant as a share of assets. Perhaps some policy could reduce these fees, but the beneficiaries would be a group heavily tilted toward the very wealthy: the owners of financial assets.
It is not enough to identify policies that would reduce inequality. To be effective, they must also raise the incomes of the middle class and the poor. Tax reform would play a major role here. Beyond its adverse effects on economic efficiency, today's tax code allows a far larger share of the income of the rich to escape taxation than the poor or middle class. For example, last year's stock market growth represented an increase in wealth of about $6 trillion, with the lion's share going to the very wealthy. It is unlikely that the government will collect as much as 10 percent of this given the capital gains exemption, the ability to defer unrealized capital gains and the absence of any tax on gains on assets passed on at death.
Meanwhile, the ratio of corporate tax collections to the market value of U.S. corporations is near a record low, thanks to various loopholes. And the estate tax can be substantially avoided by those prepared to plan and seek sophisticated advice. Closing loopholes that only the wealthy can enjoy would enable targeted tax measures such as the earned-income tax credit to raise the incomes of the poor and middle class more than dollar for dollar by incentivizing working and saving.
It is ironic that those who profess the most enthusiasm for market forces are least enthusiastic about curbing tax benefits for the wealthy. Sooner or later, inequality will be addressed. Much better that it be done by letting market forces operate and then working to improve the result than by seeking to thwart their operation.
40+ Creative Business Card Designs that will Inspire You
Are you at a point where you are having difficulty coming up with your next business card design? Sometimes all you need is a little boost of inspiration to get your creative juices flowing. In our previous article about business cards titled: Creative Business Cards: Uses of various shapes and materials, we spoke about the nontraditional shapes and materials that business cards use these days. In this collection of business cards, you will find aspects of creativity and visual design. Once you have checked out these business cards there is no doubt that you will be inspired to complete your next business card creations with ease and get your business cards printing online through professional online business printing.
Want more on business cards? Check out my previous post titled: 40+ simple and elegant business card designs
[m2leep]
Company Folder Mini 2 Pocket Business Card Folder
Which of these creative business cards inspired you?…way not tell us by leaving a comment below.
By Wizard on Sep 14, 2015 with Comments 0
Yeah, that title says Star Wars!
I could put some sweet text here, but that would detract from the awesome video we made!
So watch the movie!
Play some games, have some fun!
Here is how you participate:
The video discussed the first opportunities for earning invites, by being one of the first 15 people to Iron Man the Battle for Zendikar pre-release. Everyone playing in any of those events would get you a chance at an invite, even if you are not one of the Iron Men.
We will be posting reminders throughout October and November about various events that will get you a chance at an invite to see Star Wars with us, but here is the run down. The TL:DR = Play in events and leagues, get your name in the bin.
Invites will be drawn based on October 31st and November 30th from each of the pools of players.
Each game will have its own pool:
Board Game MeetUps
DragonballZ
Guild Ball
Magic: the Gathering
Warmachine / Hordes
Warhammer 40k
X-Wing
Playing in any events, leagues, or tournaments will get your name into the drawing.
Pools of names will be created from each game and invites will be drawn from each pool. This ensures that all of the invites don't just go to one game, and that everyone who plays something has a chance of getting an invite. The more you play, the better your chances are of getting an invite.
Here is the breakdown of each of the drawings.
Zendikar Pre Release Weekend: Sept 26 – 27
First 15 Players to Iron Man (Play in all 6 events over the weekend).
6 Door Prizes, 1 drawn per event.
Zendikar Fat Pack Challenge: Oct 3
2 Door prizes, drawn during event.
Magic Events: October
3 Limited Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
2 Constructed Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Magic Events: November
2 Limited Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
3 Constructed Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Warmachine / Hordes: October
5 Steam Rollers and League Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
2 Hordes Book Release Event door prizes; drawn during event.
Warmachine / Hordes: November
5 Steam Rollers and League Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Warhammer 40k: October
2 Rogue Traders and League Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Warhammer 40k: November
2 Rogue Traders and League Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
X-Wing: October
6 Thursday and Saturday Tournament Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
X-Wing: November
6 Thursday and Tournament Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Board Games: October
6 Monday, Thursday, Saturday Sign Ups; Drawn at end of month.
Board Games: November
6 Monday, Thursday, Saturday Sign Ups; Drawn at end of month.
Guild Ball: October
2 Tournament and Leagues; Drawn at end of month.
Guild Ball: November
2 Tournament and League Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Dragonball Z Tournaments: October
2 Tournament Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Dragonball Z Tournaments: November
2 Tournament Entrants; Drawn at end of month.
Drawings noted as End of Month will be done at close of day Oct 31st and Nov 30th.
League participation gets each person a single entry into the drawing. Leagues that span more than a single month will be drawn for the month the League begins in.
Entry into any of these events will get your name put into the drawing for those events at the end of the month. Events that specifically have door prizes will be drawn during that event.
Magic Tournaments Limited: This applies to normally scheduled events (Tuesday Draft; Friday Draft Early, Friday Draft Late). This also includes the Midnight Battle for Zendikar Release draft and the Battle for Zendikar Fat Pack Challenge.
Magic Tournaments Constructed: This applies to normally scheduled events (Wednesday Standard; Thursday EDH; Friday Standard; Saturday Modern; Sunday EDH)
Each of the Battle for Zendikar Prerelease events will have their own drawing done during the event.
Entry into the Hordes Book Release event will get you an entry into the end of month drawing.
Invites are limited to one per person and are non-transferable. Should someone be drawn for a second invite that name will be re drawn. If a person cannot go, their invite will be re added into the invite pool.
Lately, I have been looking at alot of demo reels. Many people sent in work for the internship we had this summer which is coming to a close. I wanted to touch on some of the works that stood out and others that faded into the background.
1) First off, test your DVD. 20% or more just don't work. You would be amazed at how many reels don't play or expect the user to download a quicktime file or try it on other dvd players.
2) Put your best stuff first. That first clip is the hook. You want to impress your viewers.
3) End with something great. It leaves a lasting impression. Alot of the time you remember one or two great shots on a reel.
4) Don't use those free Internet models. I cant tell you how many times we see the same 4 or five models. Yes, we know It's hard to rig and find a good model to animate, but seeing the same rig for all these years is getting old. If you are gonna use a free rig, alter it so much so that you cant tell that its the norman rig or the animation mentor rig.Using the stock rig is just boring.
5) If possible, It's great to see personal work, like a short film. I realize many people are professionals, but if you have been out of school for a few years, It's still interesting to see your short film if it is good. If you don't know if its good, ask someone you respect or post it on a forum for feedback. I remember seeing a reel that had good professional work, but it was a one-person acting test that closed the deal. I could see that person had a great sense of acting and emotion. They got the job.
6) Content: People will say: Acting test, one and two people, run cycle, walk cycle, weight test… Thats BS. Of course we want to see all those things, but not in a boring way. An animator has to understand acting, appeal, weight, dynamics, locomotion, etc etc… It's great to see these things in a test that has a little story to it. Something that has entertainment value. What is it that sets you apart from the other person. If your a veteran animator, but have been animating nothing but creature work, It's important to really show some work that demonstrates your acting skills, or vice versa… If you are 2d transitioning to 3d, the 3d has to be as good as the 2d or don't show it. Yes there is ramp up time for a 2d animator making the jump, but you should still have the same skills when you were drawing it. It also goes the other way. I saw a reel that had some nice 3d work, then the 2d stuff came up and it was bad. That being said, it was not the draftsmanship, it was the animation.
7) Demo reel music – make sure I can hear the dialogue. I don't care about your taste in music. I just want to watch the work and concentrate on it. I hate reels that have loud jazzy music.. This is not a Bill Evans demo reel.
Your titles… It always seems that the ones with fancy titles usually suck. Simple titles with your name in the beginning and at the end with your contact info. Put that same contact info on the DVD label. I remember a DVD that was lying around my office for the longest time that had a logo on it. I had no idea what it was… Months later, I played it and it was a great reel. If I had known earlier, maybe that reel would have seen the light of day sooner… (ultimately, the guy got hired)
9) Length – Ok, if you worked 10 plus years in the biz, I know you have alot to show. We just don't need to see it all. Show the best stuff. Some reels are also too short as well.. Somewhere between 1.5 minutes and 6 is acceptable. The 6 minute or over reel better be amazing or a short film.
10) Make sure what you are showing is ok with the last place you worked. Its akward to see alot of work from a film that is not out for two years. It makes people ask ” So if they work here, will they put their work on a reel way before the film is out?” Just be careful… People judge…
To sum up: There are so many aspects to a good demo reel. I certainly have my opinion and it does not represent everyone else's. Heck, if I had to apply now, I'd probably have a harder time getting in, but what always impresses me in a demo reel is good ideas. Wheter they be acting ideas, story, etc… how a gesture is done etc, etc… That will win me over more than a reel that has perfect polish. Einstein said “Imagination is more important than knowledge?” How true that rings for our industry as well….
Hope this helps a bit.
Andrew
As expected, due to the short week last week, this week's TABC label approvals are much shorter than normal. With that said, Real Ale looks to be coming out with a new seasonal can and Corpus is getting a brewery.
This week's TABC Label Approvals:
K = Keg
B = Large format bottle
bb = 16oz format bottle
b = Small format bottle
c = Small format (12oz) can
cc = 16oz format can
C = Larger format can
Alaskan – White IPA (b)
Alesmith – Nut Brown (b, B)
Dogfish Head – Pennsylvania Tuxedo (b, K)
Green Flash – Handshake IPA (B, K)
Infamous – Hijack Cream Ale (K)
Infamous – IPA (c, K)
Ironsight – Cream Ale (K)
Oskar Blues – Death By Coconut Irish Porter (c)
Real Ale – Helles Lagerbier (c, K)
Redhook – Summerhook Golden Rye (b, K)
Rentsch – Prussian Imperial Stout (K)
Shmaltz – He'Brew Chanukah in Kentucky (B, K)
Uinta – Port O'Call Belgian Style Dark Ale (B, K)
Brewery Approvals:
(For TX breweries: B = Brewery, BP = Brewpub)
Lorelei Brewing Company – Corpus Christi (B)
Select Labels:
TABC Label and Brewery Approvals December 4th 2015
Getty Images
Though the labor deal still isn't done and no one knows for sure when and if it will be, the defending world champions are making it known that players should be ready to show up at the team facility on Saturday for a meeting.
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the Packers are telling players that the doors will open on Friday, and that the team wants the players in town in order to get started on preparations for training camp and the preseason.
This presumes that the remaining issues between the NFL and the NFLPA* will be resolved in time for the players and the owners to separately approve the new agreement. The fact that the Packers are getting the word out shows how widespread that presumption currently is.
Of course, teams aren't supposed to be talking to players during the lockout. For many teams, however, that ship sailed a long, long time ago.
UPDATE: Jason Wilde of ESPN Milwaukee says via Twitter that the report is “100 percent true,” and that they have confirmed it through two team sources.
Roles of Variables Home Page
An Introduction to the Roles of Variables
Jorma Sajaniemi
In programming, variables are not used in a random or ad-hoc way but there are several standard use patterns that occur over and over again. For example, consider the following Pascal program:
program doubles; var data, count, value: integer; begin repeat write('Enter count: '); readln(data) until data > 0; count := data; while count > 0 do begin write('Enter value: '); readln(value); writeln('Two times ', value, ' is ', 2*value); count := count - 1 end end.
In this program, there are three variables: data , count , and value . In the first loop, a user is requested to enter the number of values to be later processed in the second loop. This number is requested repeatedly until the user gives a positive value. The variable data is used to store the latest input read, and there is no possibility for the program to guess what values the user will enter.
The variable value is used similarly in the second loop: it stores the latest input, and there is no known relation between its successive values.
The variable count , however, behaves very differently. Once it has been initialized its future values will be known exactly: it will step downwards one by one until it reaches its limiting value, i.e. zero.
In the following the variables data and value are said to have the role most-recent holder (as they store the latest value in some value succession - user input in this case), and the variable count is said to be a stepper. These roles occur in programs again and again. In fact, only ten roles are needed to cover 99 % of all variables in novice-level programs.
Roles are not a special property of procedural programming but they apply to other programming paradigms, also. For example, consider the following Java class:
public class Dog { String name; int age; public Dog (String n) { name = n; age = 0; } public void birthday () { age++; } }
Objects of this class have two attributes: name and age . The value of the attribute name does not change after initialization; it is a fixed value. The attribute age behaves similarly to the variable count in the Pascal program: it steps through a known sequence (1, 2, 3, ... in this case) and its role is stepper.
In order to see that the attribute age is increased repeatedly, we must assume that the method birthday is called repeatedly. This can be verified only by looking at other classes: do they call the method at all, and if so, does it happen several times. In object-oriented programming control flow is harder to reveal than in procedural programming; consequently, roles of attributes may be harder to find out than roles of variables in procedural programming. This does not, however, mean that roles would be less important in object-oriented programming. On the contrary, explicit role information in the form of comments written by the author of a program may help in program comprehension, e.g., in maintenance tasks; knowing that a variable is, say, a stepper and not a fixed value, indicates the succession of values it may obtain and makes program understanding easier.
In procedural programming roles apply to variables and parameters. In object-oriented programming roles apply also to attributes and objects that encapsulate a single conceptual attribute, e.g., String in Java. In functional programming there are no variables. However, function parameters as well as return values of recursive functions have role-like behavior. For example, consider the following ML function:
fun max(a, nil) = a | max(a, (h::t)) = if h>a then max(h,t) else max(a,t)
h
a
Thus roles apply to procedural, object-oriented, and functional programming but the set of entities that have roles is different in different paradigms. In the following, the term "variable" is used for brevity to cover all the different cases in different programming paradigms.
The Role Concept
The role of a variable characterizes the dynamic nature of the variable, e.g., a stepper goes through a succession of values that is usually known in advance as soon as the succession starts. A role is not supposed to be a unique task in some specific program (e.g., the stepper that controls the number of values processed in the previous program) but a more general concept characterizing many variables in various programs.
The role of a variable can be defined to be the dynamic character of a variable embodied by the succession of values the variable obtains, and how the new values assigned to the variable relate to other variables. In particular, the role concept does not concern the way a variable is used in the program. For example, a stepper is a stepper whether it is used to reference elements in an array, or perhaps in producing diagnostic output for debugging purposes. Thus, a role does not consider the way a variable is used but looks at the succession of values it will encounter and how this depends on other variables.
For example, the role most-wanted holder is attached to variables that store the best value encountered so far in going through a succession of values as opposed to most-recent holders that store every value in a succession. Consider the following program:
program largest; var data, largest: integer; begin largest := 0; repeat write('Enter a positive number, end with 0: '); readln(data); if data > the largest then largest := data until data = 0; writeln('The larges number was ', largest) end.
data
largest
data
largest
Eleven roles that cover practically all variables in novice-level programs in object-oriented, procedural and functional programming are the following (green for all variables, blue for data structure use):
Role (v. 2.0) Example Informal definition Fixed value maxStringLength A data item that does not get a new proper value after its initialization Stepper count A data item stepping through a systematic, predictable succession of values Most-recent holder inputData A data item holding the latest value encountered in going through a succession of unpredictable values, or simply the latest value obtained as input Most-wanted holder maximum A data item holding the best or otherwise most appropriate value encountered so far Gatherer sum A data item accumulating the effect of individual values Follower prev A data item that gets its new value always from the old value of some other data item One-way flag errorsOccurred A two-valued data item that cannot get its initial value once the value has been changed Temporary temp A data item holding some value for a very short time only Organizer sortArray A data structure storing elements that can be rearranged Container processQueue A data structure storing elements that can be added and removed Walker currNode A data item traversing in a data structure
The above definition of the roles are informal but sufficient for student use. More detailed definitions can be found here.
Role Changes
The role of a variable may change during its lifetime. For example, consider a slight modification of the program at the beginning of this page:
program doubles; var count, value: integer; begin repeat write('Enter count: '); readln(count) until count > 0; while count > 0 do begin write('Enter value: '); readln(value); writeln('Two times ', value, ' is ', 2*value); count := count - 1 end end.
Now the variable count is a most-recent holder in the first loop and a stepper in the second loop. Usually such role changes occur between main parts of a program.
Role changes are of two basic types. In a proper role change the final value of the variable in the first role is used as the initial value for the next role. For example, the role change in the previous program is a proper one. In a sporadic role change the variable is re-initialized with a totally new value at the beginning of the new role phase. A sporadic role change means sometimes bad usage of variables with the intention to "save" memory.
Special Cases
In the case of simple variables (integers, reals etc.) each variable has a single role at a time. Pointers are treated just like other variables; in particular, the role of a pointer describes how the pointer behaves and not how the pointed variable behaves. Dynamic variables can in principle be treated similarly to static variables.
An array is considered to have a single role, determined by the roles of its elements, e.g., an array consisting of elements that all are most-recent holders is considered to be a most-recent holder. The only exception is the role organizer which describes the array as a whole.
Fields of record variables should be treated separately because they may have very different roles. For example, a record may consist of two fields: one for identifying the item that the record describes (presumably a fixed value) and one for collecting data concerning that item (presumably a gatherer).
In procedures and functions, formal value parameters and local variables can be considered to be normal variables. In contrast, formal variable parameters should be unified with the actual parameter because every change made to the parameter (within the procedure or function) contributes to the succession of values that the actual variable goes through.
Finally, file variables behave very differently from other variables: the file variable itself is usually a fixed value, i.e., it denotes the same file throughout the program, but the contents of successive file elements convey a file element role not comparable to other roles.
An introductory article
Last updated: March 31, 2006
Jorma.Sajaniemi@UEF.Fi
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was a great weekend to be a Liverpool fan.
Saturday's early kick-off threatened to go wrong after Ramires' early header gave Chelsea the lead at Stamford Bridge but a Philippe Coutinho double and clincher from substitute Christian Benteke sent the army of travelling Reds into raptures.
The rest of the weekend had a warm glow for Liverpool fans but it's fair to say the same was not true for the regulars at Stamford Bridge.
One in particular found it difficult to cope. They did seem to have lost their plastic flag to be fair.
You can find your own adjective for this character who seems to think their team is managed by someone called Morino.
If you're easily offended look away now because lots of people are to blame for their teams' recent demise including it seems us or as they brand us "Scouse Scum".
Asked by fan website Neek Sports about Mourinho's position they started slow but built to boiling point outside Stamford Bridge.
"There is no-one better than Mourinho . Can you name a better manager out there, available or not?
"Ancelottii's not better than Mourinho and he's older, Mourinho's a better long-term prospect.
" (losing it)...why do you think the Scouse Scum are singing 'you're getting sacked in the morning' when we sang to Benitez 'we want you to stay' when they were managing Liverpool.
"Even those nasty, horrible people know that Mourinho is the best manager in the world - they're scared".
They go on to blame a conspiracy against Chelsea by the referee and the FA for the 3-1 defeat.
Jose had nothing to say after the match apparently - but we think he'd have been proud of this fella's efforts.
Prague, Czech Republic / Amsterdam, The Netherlands, September 30, 2016 - Avast Software, the leader in digital security products for consumers and businesses, today announced it has acquired a majority stake in AVG Technologies after completing the initial offering period of its tender offer for all of the outstanding ordinary shares of AVG Technologies N.V. (NYSE: AVG). Therefore, they will operate as a single company as of Monday, October 3, 2016.
Vince Steckler is named the chief executive officer of the new Avast, overseeing more than $700M in revenue for 2016 for the newly-combined entity. Avast has transformed into a full service security company with the largest Consumer installed base in the world, and with significant Mobile, SMB and Mobile Enterprise businesses. As of the completion of the initial offering period of the tender offer, AVG's CEO Gary Kovacs will be departing, but will be available on a consulting basis throughout the transition.
“The combined company now has over 400 million users, more than 40% of the world's consumer PCs outside of China and the largest consumer security installed base in the world. If they were a country, we would have the 3rd largest population in the world,” said Vince Steckler, chief executive officer. “The US is now our number one market with 58 million users. We truly have global reach and are proud to be the most popular choice for security in the world.”
“We now have the technical breadth to provide superior protection for our customers. For example, our combined threat labs will have teams dedicated to emerging threats affecting consumers. These include social engineering threats, which are commonly used to target IoT devices, and ransomware, which we are fighting with machine learning technology. We believe we are now better equipped than ever to outsmart those who want to do harm to people online.”
By acquiring AVG, the new Avast has stronger protection for its customers. Avast now:
Has the largest threat detection network in the world with more than 400 million endpoints that act as sensors, providing information about malware to help detect and neutralize new threats as soon as they appear
Has what is probably the world's largest security-focused cloud and machine learning network comprising over 9,000 servers and supporting 50 million simultaneous connections to provide instantaneous protection to its users
Prevents around 1 billion malware attacks per month
Blocks more than 500 million malicious URLs per month
Blocks around 50 million phishing attacks per month
Processes 9 million new executable files every month, 25% of which are malicious, giving Avast even faster and deeper insights in the threat landscape
With the acquisition, Avast expands its SMB business and adds AVG's strong reseller base, enabling Avast to support more and larger organizations. Avast is also gaining Location Labs and its carrier business, which Avast plans to invest in and expand overseas. Due to the closed infrastructure of mobile operating systems, mobile security and privacy protection technology is stronger when embedded in the carrier infrastructure. The Location Labs technology essentially provides a cloud-based solution to customers, bypassing the inefficiencies and insecurities of running within the mobile operating system.
Avast plans to create more and better products that will defend against the growing number of threats in the market. The company will continue to offer both the AVG and Avast branded products for the foreseeable future and to support all customers and partners for both product lines.
“We want our customers to be reassured that whether you use an AVG product or an Avast product, we will continue to support you. We are nothing without our customers and partners who have helped us get to where we are today,” said Vince Steckler.
As a result of the acquisition, Avast holds approximately 87.3% of AVG's outstanding shares acquired upon the closing of the initial offering period for the tender offer. Avast also announced that it has commenced a subsequent offering period to provide AVG shareholders who have not yet tendered their shares the opportunity to do so. The subsequent offering period is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on October 14, 2016, unless extended. As described below, Avast plans to voluntarily delist AVG's shares from the New York Stock Exchange promptly following the subsequent offering period.
The Transaction
On July 29, 2016, Avast Software B.V. and its parent company, Avast Holding B.V., commenced a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of AVG Technologies N.V. at a purchase price of $25.00 per share in cash, without interest and less applicable withholding taxes or other taxes. The initial offering period for the tender offer and withdrawal rights expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on September 29, 2016. Based on information provided by the depositary for the offer, a total of 44,543,555 shares, representing approximately 87.3% of the aggregate number of shares outstanding, had been validly tendered and had not been properly withdrawn as of the initial expiration of the offer (excluding 2,809,498 shares, representing approximately 5.5% of the aggregate number of shares outstanding, tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures that have not yet been delivered in settlement or satisfaction of such guarantee). Avast Software B.V. and Avast Holding B.V. have accepted for payment all shares that were validly tendered and were not properly withdrawn from the offer, and payment for such shares will be made promptly in accordance with the terms of the offer.
Avast Software B.V. and Avast Holding B.V. also announced today the commencement of a subsequent offering period scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on October 14, 2016. Avast may extend the subsequent offering period to provide for a minority exit offering period of up to 10 business days to provide AVG shareholders who have not yet tendered their shares the opportunity to do so. All shares validly tendered during the subsequent offering period will be immediately accepted for payment, and tendering holders will thereafter promptly be paid the same form and amount of offer consideration as in the initial offering period. The procedures for tendering share during the subsequent offering period are the same as those applicable to the initial offering period, except that (i) the guaranteed delivery procedures may not be used during the subsequent offering period and (ii) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during the subsequent offering period.
As more fully described in the offer to purchase, if the number of shares purchased during the subsequent offering period (including, if applicable, the minority exit offering period), together with the shares purchased during the initial offering period, is equal to at least 95% of the outstanding ordinary shares of AVG, Avast expects to acquire the ordinary shares of AVG that were not tendered into the tender offer through the compulsory share acquisition process under Section 2:92a/2:201a of the Dutch Civil Code. If the number of shares purchased during the subsequent offering period (including, if applicable, the minority exit offering period), together with the shares purchased during the initial offering period, is less than 95% of the outstanding ordinary shares of AVG, Avast plans to effect an asset sale pursuant to which Avast will acquire substantially all of the assets, and assume substantially all of the liabilities, of AVG promptly following the tender offer. Following the completion of the asset sale, AVG will be liquidated and the remaining minority shareholders of AVG will receive cash distributions with respect to each ordinary share owned by them equal to the per share cash consideration paid in the tender offer less any applicable dividend withholding tax or any other taxes.
As soon as practicable following the completion of the subsequent offering period (including, if applicable, the minority exit offering period), AVG intends to voluntarily delist its shares from the New York Stock Exchange. AVG also intends to deregister its shares under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange Act”) and to suspend its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, but will only be eligible to do so upon satisfaction of the applicable requirements for deregistration.
AVG has submitted written notice to the New York Stock Exchange of its intent to voluntarily delist its shares from the New York Stock Exchange in connection with the tender offer. AVG intends to file a Form 25, Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to delist its shares promptly following the subsequent offering period. Delisting from the NYSE is expected to become effective 10 days after the filing date of the Form 25.
The AVG shares will not be listed or registered on another national securities exchange. Delisting is likely to reduce significantly the liquidity and marketability of any AVG shares that have not been tendered pursuant to the tender offer.
Advisors
Jefferies International Limited is acting as exclusive financial advisor, and White & Case LLP and De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. are acting as legal advisors to Avast. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor to AVG, Bridge Street Securities, LLC is acting as financial advisor to the supervisory board of AVG, and Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP and Allen & Overy LLP are acting as legal advisors to AVG.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking information that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “should,” “will,” “expect,” “are confident that,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” “target,” “would” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terms. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks and uncertainties related to, among other things: general economic conditions and conditions affecting the industries in which Avast and AVG operate; the uncertainty of regulatory approvals; AVG's delisting from the New York Stock Exchange and suspension of AVG's reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and to consummate the transactions and their plans described in this press release; and AVG's performance and maintenance of important business relationships. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in AVG's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including AVG's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2015. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and neither Avast nor AVG assumes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise, except as required by law.
Additional Information and Where to Find It
This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of AVG. The solicitation and offer to purchase ordinary shares of AVG is being made pursuant to a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an Offer to Purchase, a related letter of transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, filed by Avast with the SEC on July 29, 2016 (as subsequently amended, the “Tender Offer Statement”). AVG filed a solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer with the SEC on July 29, 2016 (as subsequently amended, the “Solicitation/Recommendation Statement”). AVG shareholders are urged to read the Tender Offer Statement and Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, as they may be amended from time to time, as well as any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, carefully and in their entirety because they will contain important information that AVG shareholders should consider before making any decision regarding tendering their securities. The Tender Offer Statement and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by AVG will be available free of charge on AVG's website at investors.avg.com.
Story highlights MIT professor and their students invent nonstick coating that makes ketchup slide out of the bottle
LiquiGlide is made from edible, nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into food containers
A YouTube video of the ketchup bottle in action has been viewed more than 125,000 times
The video is as short as it is surprising. A hand tilts a glass bottle containing a red glob of ketchup, which -- instead of oozing out in slow motion or getting stuck -- slides out easily, leaving the bottle nearly spotless.
Posted last week, the 20-second clip has been viewed more than 125,000 times on YouTube, prompting dozens of news stories and brightening the spirits of impatient ketchup lovers everywhere.
But it's not exactly what Kripa Varanasi had in mind when they and their students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology set out to develop a new kind of slippery coating that would help de-ice planes, or keep water droplets from sticking to steam turbines in power plants.
"I never thought a ketchup bottle would make us this famous," said Varanasi, a professor of mechanical engineering at MIT. "We were all focused on [solving] the big problems, like water and energy."
But one of the goals of Varanasi's MIT lab is to develop potential commercial products, not just publish research in academic journals. The coating, which they and their graduate students call LiquiGlide , seemed more immediately viable as a food-packaging product, they said.
LiquiGlide is made from a secret cocktail of edible, nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into bottles or other food containers. Videos on the LiquiGlide site show it working its slippery magic on plastic bottles of jelly and mustard, too.
"You could literally scratch it off and eat it," Varanasi told CNN in an interview. "It's that safe."
LiquiGlide first gained attention earlier this month at MIT's $100K Entrepreneurship Competition , an annual forum for launching academic projects into the commercial marketplace, where it won an Audience Award. Now Varanasi and their students are fielding interview requests, talking to bottling companies, filing for patents and planning to launch a startup this summer. An MIT grad student, Dave Smith, will serve as CEO, Varanasi said.
As Varanasi sees it, LiquiGlide offers several benefits: It's more convenient for consumers, and it makes recycling easier because the bottles are clean. It also wastes less food, because people won't be tossing out bottles coated with mustard that they can't squeeze out.
They also believe LiquiGlide has practical applications beyond condiments, such as high-end cosmetics. Who wants to waste precious drops of $50 hand lotion because they can't get the stuff out of the bottle?
"It works on everything we've tried so far," Smith told CNN.
Varanasi and their students hope to have their product on supermarket shelves within two years. Right now they have momentum on their side, thanks to a deceptively simple idea, a niche nobody realized needed filling -- and a little video.
"It just went viral," Varanasi said. "The video sold it."
On Saturday, Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice in the Champions League final and helped their team win the trophy. To celebrate, Nike put together an ad featuring the world-renowned athlete with the quote “This boy knew”. Ronaldo then shared the ad on Twitter, but Australian Youtuber Jay Bucks noticed something was up… “I find it hilarious you were actually wearing an Adidas jumper in this photo,” Bucks wrote. They also posted the original photo of Ronaldo wearing an Adidas jumper. Keep on scrolling to take a look.
Show Full Text
After Cristiano Ronaldo helped their team win the trophy on Saturday, Nike put together an ad to celebrate
But then Australian Youtuber Jay Bucks noticed something was up…
Now the Internet can't help but think: The boy knew, but did Nike?
RuTracker, Russia's largest torrent site, is celebrating its 13th year online. The huge site, which creates torrents at a rate of more than 170,000 per year, has more than 15 million registered members. Every single one over the age of 18 is invited to St. Petersburg tonight to enjoy a Chinese meal together.
For most torrent fans around the world, The Pirate Bay is the big symbol of international defiance. Over the years the site has fought, avoided, and snubbed its nose at dozens of battles, yet still remains online today.
But there is another site, located somewhere in the east, that has been online for nearly as long, has millions more registered members, and has proven just as defiant.
RuTracker, for those who haven't yet found it, is a Russian-focused treasure trove of both local and international content. For many years the site was frequented only by native speakers but with the wonders of tools like Google Translate, anyone can use the site at the flick of the switch. When people are struggling to find content, it's likely that RuTracker has it.
This position has attracted the negative attention of a wide range of copyright holders and thanks to legislation introduced during 2013, the site is now subject to complete blocking in Russia. In fact, RuTracker has proven so stubborn to copyright holder demands, it is now permanently blocked in the region by all ISPs.
Surprisingly, especially given the enthusiasm for blockades among copyright holders, this doesn't seem to have dampened demand for the site's services. According to SimiliarWeb, against all the odds the site is still pulling in around 90 million visitors per month. But the impressive stats don't stop there.
Impressive stats for a permanently blocked site
This week, RuTracker celebrates its 13th birthday, a relative lifetime for a site that has been front and center of Russia's most significant copyright battles, trouble which doesn't look like stopping anytime soon.
Back in 2010, for example, RU-Center, Russia's largest domain name registrar and web-hosting provider, pulled the plug on the site's former Torrents.ru domain. The Director of Public Relations at RU-Center said that the domain had been blocked on the orders of the Investigative Division of the regional prosecutor's office in Moscow. The site never got its domain back but carried on regardless, despite the setbacks.
Back then the site had around 4,000,000 members but now, seven years on, its ranks have swelled to a reported 15,382,907. According to figures published by the site this week, 778,317 of those members signed up this year during a period the site was supposed to be completely inaccessible. Needless to say, its operators remain defiant.
“Today we celebrate the 13th anniversary of our tracker, which is the largest Russian (and not only) -language media library on this planet. A tracker strangely banished in the country where most of its audience is located – in Russia,” a site announcement reads.
“But, despite the prohibitions, with all these legislative obstacles, with all these technical difficulties, we see that our tracker still exists and is successfully developing. And we still believe that the library should be open and free for all, and not be subject to censorship or a victim of legislative and executive power lobbied by the monopolists of the media industry.”
It's interesting to note the tone of the RuTracker announcement. On any other day it could've been written by the crew of The Pirate Bay who, in their prime, loved to stick a finger or two up to the copyright lobby and then rub their noses in it. For the team at RuTracker, that still appears to be one of the main goals.
Like The Pirate Bay but unlike many of the basic torrent indexers that have sprung up in recent years, RuTracker relies on users to upload its content. They certainly haven't been sitting back. RuTracker reveals that during the past year and despite all the problems, users uploaded a total of 171,819 torrents – on average, 470 torrents per day.
Interestingly, the content most uploaded to the site also points to the growing internationalization of RuTracker. During the past year, the NBA / NCAA section proved most popular, closely followed by non-Russian rock music and NHL games. Non-Russian movies accounted for almost 2,000 fresh torrents in just 12 months.
“It is thanks to you this tracker lives!” the site's operators informed the users.
“It is thanks to you that it was, is, and, for sure, will continue to offer the most comprehensive, diverse and, most importantly, quality content in the Russian Internet. You stayed with us when the tracker lost its original name: torrents.ru. You stayed with us when access to a new name was blocked in Russia: rutracker.org. You stayed with us when [the site's trackers] were blocked. We will stay with you as long as you need us!”
So as RuTracker plans for another year online, all that remains is to celebrate its 13th birthday in style. That will be achieved tonight when every adult member of RuTracker is invited to enjoy Chinese meal at the Tian Jin Chinese Restaurant in St. Petersburg.
Turn up early, seating is limited.
Just when controversial pastor Mark Driscoll was hoping to make a new start, former members of their old stomping grounds at Seattle's Mars Hill Church have filed a lawsuit alleging Driscoll and their chief elder ran the now-shuttered megachurch like an organized crime syndicate, in which church members became unwitting participants.
The lawsuit was filed on Monday in the Western District of Washington U.S. District Court in Seattle under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, a law originally created for prosecution of Mafia figures.
Former members have been threatening to file such a lawsuit for months to find out just where the members' tithes—some $30 million yearly, according to church reports—actually went.
Mars Hill closed its doors in 2014, following a number of scandals involving allegations of Driscoll's bullying and spiritual abuse of members and church leaders, misogyny, and homophobia espoused on a church message board, plagiarism, and misuse of church funds—which this lawsuit seeks to redress. Since its closure, the details of the organization's dissolution have been opaque, with little public accounting, and a group of remaining leaders who have refused to comment on who gets what from the failed enterprise that not so long ago passed the collection plate around to more than 12,000 visitors every week at 15 satellite campuses.
According to the complaint, ex-pastor Mark Driscoll, and general manager and then-executive elder John Sutton Turner, allegedly defrauded Washington churchgoers Brian and Connie Jacobsen and Ryan and Arica Kildea, along with thousands of other individuals who tithed at Mars Hill, by soliciting donations for one purpose, then using them for unauthorized ones. The Jacobsens say they gave over $90,000 to the church from 2008 to 2014 while the Kildeas report over $2,700 from 2011-2013.
The plaintiff's attorney, Brian Fahling, declined to comment, but emailed a statement that read in part, “Driscoll and Turner engaged in a pattern of racketeering activity so deeply embedded, pervasive and continuous, that it was effectively institutionalized as a business practice, thereby corrupting the very mission Plaintiffs and other donors believed they were supporting.”
Elder Dave Bruskas, Mars Hill CFO Kerry Dodd, several corporations believed to hold some profits from Driscoll's book Real Marriage, and a supposed financial standard watchdog—the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability—are all named as co-conspirators in the complaint.
Among the fraudulent spending alleged in the complaint—which includes accusations of mail and wire fraud—is the $210,000 the church supposedly spent to buy a place for Driscoll's 2012 book on The New York Times' and other best-sellers' lists by using a list-fixing company called Result Source. (These allegations were first reported by World Magazine.) It's unclear where the money from book sales went, though Driscoll has said they put 100 percent of the profits back into Mars Hill.
“This scheme has been fairly described as a ‘scam,' and resulted in personal inurement to Driscoll and Turner,” the complaint states.
Also at issue are millions donated by church members who were told offerings went to missions in Ethiopia and India through the church's “Global Fund.” In reality, those tithes appear to have stayed right at home. To “woo new donors,” the complaints says, Driscoll “intentionally deceived all potential donors by marketing Global Fund as a fund for international missions, when, in fact, they intended to use the majority of the donations for domestic expansion of MHC.”
The complaint cites an internal memo in which Mars Hill allegedly outlines the benefits of the Global Fund, from which a percentage would be designated for “highly visible, marketable projects.”
“Besides the obvious gain of increased funding,” the memo states, according to the complaint, “for a relatively low cost (e.g. $10K/month), supporting a few missionaries and benevolence projects would serve to deflect criticism, increase goodwill, and create opportunities to influence and learn from other ministries.”
Church leaders have previously apologized for the “confusion” over the Global Fund, a repository that by 2014 was taking in a self-reported $300,000 a month, some $10 million total, according to the complaint. At the time the allegations over the funds surfaced, the leaders said they never meant to mislead the church's followers about where the money was going.
Additionally, nearly $3 million for an outdoor “Jesus Festival”—a revival with outdoor baptisms—never came to be and funds allocated to specific campuses allegedly ended up in the general fund.
“The Jacobsens were astonished at the lack of transparency and the lack of a sense of accountability,” the complaint states.
“Because of those concerns, they came to the conclusion they were unable, in good conscience, to continue to donate to MHC, or to continue to serve in the church.” And so they quit the church.
Driscoll followed their lead, resigning in October 2014, and two weeks later, the church was no more. Driscoll now lives in Phoenix, Arizona, and plans to start a new church there.
An email to Driscoll requesting comment was not returned.
Correction: An earlier version of this story misstated the year that Mars Hill Church closed. In fact, its final service was on December 28, 2014.
It was a peaceful Friday night. I was enjoying time alone since my husband was out of state visiting their mom for Mother's Day.
At 11:50 pm I got a phone call. It was my dad. “Well, I'm officially homeless,” they said.
FUCK. MY. FUCKING. LIFE.
Long story short–he was renting a room in some lady's house and apparently it started going sour right after my dad got married a few weeks ago. They started doing petting shit like hiding the pots and pans. They even hid the microwave in their bedroom. They accused my dad of not paying rent, and filed a restraining order against him. (She was totally lying. Both court cases were dismissed.)
Anyway, obviously that situation wasn't working out. Funny thing, my dad never officially asked me if they could come stay with us. So after they told me about all the drama I said, “So… does that mean you need to come here?”
Yes.
FUCK. MY. FUCKING. LIFE.
Everything after that is a blur, but I SWEAR I remember them saying that once they got their income tax and their first paycheck from their new job, that'd be enough for them and their new wife/family to finally get a place together. Doesn't sound like long, right?
I never had an official conversation with them about how long they could stay. That week I was on my way out of town for a work conference and to give a presentation, so my mind was focused on that, not him.
I felt sick to my stomach having to call my husband–who was out of town–and tell him, “Oh, hey. My dad just moved in.” I had to make that phone call TWICE before when my mom and siblings moved in.
My husband's response was better than I expected. As with most situations, he's all “It's not the end of the world. Things happen. It's not that bad. Just be glad you're able to help them out.”
So he's here. And by the way–my dad is an EXTREMELY TALKATIVE guy. They NEVER shuts up. They talk about all their drama (work, court cases, my mom, my siblings, their new step-kids, their landlords, car trouble, money issues, medical issues, etc.) EVERYTHING that comes out of their mouth is drama and bad news. EVERYTHING bad that happens is someone else's fault. In every situation, he's right and everyone else is wrong. Honestly, I believe all their bad luck is karma since they were such a shitty husband to my mom for 25 years.
I've told them before that all their bad news makes my anxiety worse. But he'll only stop temporarily and start back up again the next day.
I feel so bad for my husband. After work they usually relax on the couch, eats dinner, maybe watches a game and does some homework. Now he's confined to our bedroom (with me) because if we stay out in the common area, my dad will literally talk us to sleep.
Apparently he'll be here until the first week of July. He'll use the next few weeks to save up their paychecks for a place.
FUCK. MY. FUCKING. LIFE.
Narcissistic behaviors/traits displayed by dad:
Blames problems on others
Believes they are always right and their choices/opinions are the best
Very egotistical, overly-confident
Believes they are unique and special
Like to exaggerate their achievements and talents
Always looking for favorable treatment; intense need for admiration
Advertisements
EU analysts agree that Gambit Gaming's “Dartboard” plan has contributed significantly to its success in the League Championship Series Spring Split 2014. The strategy, in which the blindfolded members of Gambit throw darts on a wall to randomly generate champions and item builds, has ensured that Gambit remains an unpredictable, erratic force that neither their opponents nor members of Gambit themselves can understand.
“At first, I was hesitant about using a dartboard to choose my champions,” stated Gambit toplaner/second jungler Evgeny “Darien” Mazaev. “I was worried that I would get a champion that I couldn't feed with.”
Luckily, due to the success of champions like AP Shyvana and Warwick, Darien has come to appreciate the merits of strategy. “Я обнаружил, что легче выиграть, если я не кормлю вражескую команду,” they added.
Despite the randomness and risk inherent in throwing darts, often the strategy has worked extremely well for the Russian League team, like when all five members of Gambit landed darts on Banshee's Veil before their match against Fnatic. However, flaws began to show when an important dart landed on a target marked “Lose to Supa Hot Crew.”
Not all members of Gambit Gaming are in favor of the strategy. Edward “Edward” Abgaryan has admitted that their champion choices are unfortunately their own decisions. “The only reason I rejoined Gambit Gaming was so I could take Alex's spot,” stated Edward. “They wanted to force me into the support role, but I play mid laners anyways.”
Although the “dartboard” strategy has been fairly successful for Gambit Gaming, other players like Alliance toplaner Mike “Wickd” Peterson have not found similar success.
CNN found an interesting (in other words, pretty shameless) way to frame the Trump administration discussing recent reports that the Hillary Clinton campaign and DNC paid for the Russia dossier. Hold on to your “fake news” hats:
Republicans and President Trump try to flip the script on Russia collusion https://t.co/zsrYUKy4bY pic.twitter.com/bsOx9h3hUx — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 28, 2017
Or maybe, just maybe, the script was already flipped, CNN.
I think the Clintons/Obama did that for him. — Scarface (@krcrider) October 28, 2017
Something to consider, CNN!
There is a reason why trust in CNN had dropped faster than Bill Clinton's pants. CNN is a mouthpiece for the DNC. Goebbels would be proud. — That Greek Guy! (@DesignGreek) October 28, 2017
You cannot be serious. — Stuart Stein (@SsteinStuart) October 28, 2017
Wow. This may be the most incredible #FakeNews headline ever contrived by humankind (can I say humankind? Screw it.) https://t.co/viLRFUKuL9 — Bob Henry (@Rmhenry1Henry) October 28, 2017
It isn't "flipping the script" when facts uncovered by the investigation nullify the Left's delusions & reveal previous admin's crimes! https://t.co/sFr0IkFGMf — TheresaS179 (@theresas179) October 28, 2017
No need to flip the script.
Dirty Hillary & Obama admin did it to themselves https://t.co/2YffTTFxU5 — Loraine (@CwiokLoraine) October 28, 2017
The script flipped, the Republicans and WH pointed it out. There's an apple for you dolts. https://t.co/9armcD5B9W — Fiscal Conservative (@DaedalusMW1) October 28, 2017
In which propagandists unwittingly admit they're following a script that has nothing to do with evidence at hand. https://t.co/vg8UYc8Iq0 — D.W.Robinson (@_DWRobinson) October 28, 2017
So you're saying you're following a script? Got it. https://t.co/PumMQ07y58 — Augusto P (@GenAugustoP) October 28, 2017
They can be helpful on occasion.
Moully Background information First appearance "Donut" Latest episode "" Voice Nilesy (Liam MacKay) Inspiration Honors and awards Character information Full name Other names Appearance cat-like Age Occupation Baker Affiliations Goal Home Relatives Pets Friends Minions Enemies Likes Dislikes Powers and abilities Weapons Fate Unknown
“ No one's ever bandaged my finger before. ”
Moully is a cat-like creature from Donut. Moully makes donuts on an unnamed planet, and gives them away through a black hole. They are voiced by Nilesy.
History
Moully appears in the episode Donut. They work for an unnamed character making donuts on Donut Planet. Bee and Deckard are assigned to watch him, as they are "crazy". Moully makes donuts with Deckard, and offers to help Bee. They explain how they are sent through the black hole and made with all their hopes and dreams, and when people want one they give it to them. Sometimes they give Moully gifts, sometimes they don't. Moully accidentally impales their finger with a shard of crystal, so Bee helps them bandage it. Deckard finishes their donut, and wants to send it out. Moully helps them put it into the black hole, and instead of sending the donut, the black hole retaliates and starts to attack them. They try to save Bee and Deckard, but ends up getting pulled into the black hole. Before they get entirely pulled in, they thank Bee. They disappear, and the black hole continues to destroy the planet. Later their boss comes back and panics, getting extremely upset about the damage and assumes Moully did it. Moully's condition is currently unknown.
Appearance
Moully appears to be a giant white cat-like creature, with flower symbols and triangles decorating their skin. They have purple blood. When they blush, their markings become more prominent.
Maryland officials who had expected to clinch $900 million in federal funding Monday to build the Purple Line will have to wait after a court ruling made the light-rail project temporarily ineligible for federal aid.
The Federal Transit Administration postponed the Monday signing event indefinitely, according to an email Thursday from the Maryland Department of Transportation to people who had been invited to the ceremony.
MDOT had planned to publicly enter into a funding agreement Monday with the FTA, which would have locked in nearly half of the $2 billion project's construction funding. Such agreements are the result of a years-long quest for highly competitive federal transit aid and are typically signed amid great fanfare.
But a ruling Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon in Washington made the light-rail project ineligible, temporarily at least, for federal money, transit experts said. The judge ordered that the project's “record of decision” — the federal stamp of approval on the state's environmental impact study — be vacated, or set aside, until the state recalculates the Purple Line's ridership forecasts to reflect Metro's falling ridership.
The Purple Line will be independently owned and operated and is not part of the Metro system. However, passengers transferring to and from Metro are estimated to make up 27 percent of Purple Line riders.
[Court ruling on Purple Line could set back construction]
An FTA spokesperson confirmed that the financial award had been postponed because the judge's order left the project without a required, valid stamp of approval.
The signing of the Full Funding Grant Agreement was considered the last major hurdle before Purple Line construction could begin on schedule late this fall. Press offices for the MDOT and the MTA did not respond to questions about how the funding delay could affect that timing.
Maryland transportation officials said only that state Transportation Secretary Pete K. Rahn asked the FTA Thursday to appeal the judge's ruling. They referred all questions to the Justice Department.
“We are very limited in what we can say, given this is active litigation,” MDOT spokesperson Teri Moss wrote in an email.
The 16.2-mile line will have 21 stations between Bethesda in Montgomery County and New Carrollton in Prince George's County, including in Silver Spring, Langley Park and the University of Maryland's flagship College Park campus.
Federal and state lawyers had said in a June court hearing that redoing the ridership calculations could delay the project by six months and jeopardize its highly complex, $5.6 billion public-private partnership that relies heavily on private construction financing.
Delays in major construction projects typically raise costs, and lawyers for the state had argued that even a “modest delay” could have “cascading consequences on the project schedule and financing arrangements.”
Whether the private partner is having second thoughts after the funding delay is unclear. Jamie Breme, a spokesperson for Purple Line Transit Partners, the team of companies that recently signed a 36-year contract on the project, referred questions to MDOT.
“At this time, we're working with our client,” Breme said.
The court order stemmed from a 2014 lawsuit, brought mostly on environmental grounds. In the suit, Purple Line opponents argued that the ridership projections used to justify the cost of building a light-rail line rather than cheaper transit options were flawed because they did not reflect Metro's decline in passengers. The plaintiffs — two Chevy Chase residents and the nonprofit group Friends of the Capital Crescent Trail — noted that Metro's ridership has fallen steadily since a 2009 peak and that some passengers have avoided the system because of high-profile safety lapses and near-daily breakdowns.
[Judge says Metro's ‘extraordinary' problems could affect Purple Line]
Lawyers for the state argued that Metro's problems would not affect the Purple Line because it will be operated separately from Metro and with different technology. Federal lawyers argued that the FTA is “keenly aware” of Metro's problems and that Metro is making “substantial investments” in its system via the SafeTrack repair program.
Federal lawyers also argued that Metro's falling ridership will not be an issue in 2040, the year of the Purple Line's official ridership forecast.
Art Guzzetti, of the American Public Transportation Association, said the Purple Line is getting national attention because of its unusual public-private partnership. It is one of the first transit projects in the country to rely on private construction financing.
Guzzetti said they could not comment on the judge's ruling but said transit ridership typically is viewed in the context of long-term trends, such as population growth and development likely to occur around stations.
“Metro's ridership is down now, but over time it's been very strong, and the long-term trend is very strong,” Guzzetti said. “You don't look at short-term blips.”
Greg Sanders, vice president of the advocacy group Purple Line Now, called the cancellation of the funding-agreement signing a “significant complication” that will no doubt delay construction.
“We've been at this for a long time,” Sanders said. “The fundamental appeal of the Purple Line is that it provides a needed east-west transit alternative. Any other problem doesn't change that need.”
Yesterday we were tipped to a video of Team Fortress 2, imagined as a side-scrolling platformer. Today I checked back with the creator for more details on this game and was assured he's serious about completing the project.
Dylan "Steaky" Loney (that's "Steak-y," as in the cut of meat), says their 2.5D Team Fortress 2 scroller is a Canabalt-esque game covering nine four different levels. The objective won't be to shoot down or defeat enemies, but to run through the levels in the fastest possible time. Players can switch between all nine classes, Trine-style, to get through obstacles and past enemies. The first level, for example, features only the Scout. Level two uses the Scout, Heavy and Sniper, and levels three and four involve everyone else.
No promises, says Loney, but they hope to have it ready by the end of this month.
"I just called it Team Fortress Racers as I was working on it [in December]," Loney said, "but lately the name's changed to The Great Class Dash. I'm horrible at naming stuff, though. So if anyone has a better suggestion, I'm all ears."
Advertisement
OK, but what is this, exactly? A map? A mod? Something in between?
"Technically, it's a map," Loney says, "because it runs straight from TF2. There's also no custom coding, which I think people usually associate with a mod. With that said, though, it uses a huge amount of in-game scripting to completely modifiy the gameplay. So I guess it is both."
The Great Class Dash's calling card is its 2.5D perspective, which we've seen in throwback reboots like Bionic Commando: Rearmed and Matt Hazard: Bloodbath and Beyond. Loney says that was actually very easy to accomplish. "There are console commands built into TF2 that allow for a third-person camera, and you can change its position to make a side-scroller," they explained.
Advertisement
"More complex was building the levels, which brings a lot of design problems," they added. "The way I chose to do this was to build as if the world had been sliced down a plane with everything past that point rendered solid black."
In the video, we see the player beginning as Scout, with lightning-fast speed and leaping ability; they switch over to Heavy to bust through a brick wall, and to Sniper to get around a coiled snake. Figuring out which class successfully negotiates which obstacle will be a key, Loney said. "The comments that identified Trine as my inspiration for class switching were dead-on, but the game itself doesn't play like it," Loney said. "You'll have to switch classes fast and often, making it almost like Guitar Hero in terms of pressing the right buttons at the right time."
Advertisement
But, seriously, Sniper's skill? Sneaking past wildlife? That's like Aquaman talking to fish. Loney said they wanted to amp up the Sniper's capabilities, pegging off their Jarate, but quickly ran into a problem. "Any player who hadn't unlocked Jarate, or didn't have it equipped would suddenly break the game," they said. 'So for this reason, weapon-specific abilities were pretty much eliminated.
"Even the simplest of ideas often lead to major headaches when trying to integrate," Loney said. "For this reason, I tried to keep things as basic as possible." Thus, Sniper's invisible-to-wildlife skill was implemented, figuring that their rep as a deadly hunter terrifies them. "A little farfetched," Loney said, "but I don't think it's the worst idea in the world."
Loney said they considered a multiplayer facet to their map-mod, early in the design phase, but realized that "huge amounts of scripting" would be required, and wouldn't be as fun.. "With that said, i think a multiplayer 2D TF2 game would be amazing. It would just have to be coded from scratch."
Advertisement
So should Valve go ahead and do one already? Loney won't go that far.
"I don't know that It's something Valve should make," they say. "It would be a nice addition to the TF universe, and there's definitely a lot you could do with the classes in terms of gameplay, but I think it might feel a little displaced coming from Valve.
"I fully support a mod team who decides to tackle making one though. I think Gang Garrison did a fantastic job with it, though, so you would have to think of something new to bring, otherwise it would just be a 2.5D knock-off."
Advertisement
Loney wants it made clear that he's not making Team Fortress 2 Contra. "My game is short, casual and very simple," they say. "Hopefully people won't go into it expecting crazy combat or trine-like puzzles to solve. It's a simple run and jump game because that's what I was limited to with the scripting. But that certainly doesn't mean I wouldn't like to see a game that does more."
When it's finished, The Great Class Dash will be operable on any PC that can run Team Fortress 2. "You simply need to run the map from the main menu," Loney says. You can follow the project's progress on their personal web site, and we'll be sure to let you know when it's ready.
Few would argue that the old power structures were hindering the game's development. There were allegations of cronyism and decisions being made by vested interests which were not necessarily in the long-term interests of the sport. In addition there were questions over governance and how representative the board was of the game as a whole. On the field the "product" – the games themselves – were pretty good: certainly in the halcyon days of the NSL, the 1980s and 1990s, Australia produced dozens of top level players who were able to forge careers at big overseas clubs. But that was overshadowed all too often by the off-field activities. Fast forward from 2003, when the Crawford report was released, and It's tempting to say 'plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose' – the more it's changed, the more it's stayed the same. The name has changed – it's now Football Federation Australia – but critics hold that soccer's controlling board is still a narrowly focused group with accusations that it does not widely represent the game's stakeholders.
Crawford advocated a separate entity to run the old NSL to guarantee its independence from the sport's governing body. The A-League is still controlled by Soccer Australia's successor, Football Federation Australia. Relations between the clubs and the FFA are increasingly fractious. We haven't had a formal separation of powers, and the FFA shows no sign of wanting to relinquish control. But unless things change, the clubs may feel the time is fast approaching when they have to decide the matter for themselves and break away to set up their own A-League management body: at least they could point to the widely acclaimed Crawford report as justification for their actions. There remains disquiet about the manner in which Lowy junior succeeded their father as chairperson, with little or no opposition.
There is also a view that much running soccer have a tin ear when it comes to the game's culture and soul. They might understand the economics of stadium management, servicing sponsors and cutting a TV deal (and the newly negotiated agreement which nets the game $60 million a year for the next six years might not, when the sports TV landscape shakes out, look like a bad one considering the ratings local soccer generates.But, it sometimes seems, they don't always "feel' the game in the way that lifelong fans do. The debate over expansion, the allocation of the game's resources – with clubs agitating for a bigger share of the TV revenues and grassroots organisations wanting a slice of any windfall to ameliorate the costs of playing for juniors – and the level of wider representation in the sport's governing corridors is a case in point. Lowy junior and the FFA chief executive David Gallop flew to Zurich this week for meetings with FIFA boss Gianni Infantino and several high ranking FIFA executives. They said it was a visit to discuss all manner of issues, but the trip was widely reported as a desperate bid to gain FIFA backing to delay the implementation of a wide number of change's to Australian soccer's governance structure. Those changes are being urged so that the board more fully represent the game's stakeholders rather than a narrow cadre who have maintained control for the past decade.
The deadline for those changes is the end of March, and they would, when implemented, see players, grassroots representatives from local clubs, futsal, the referees, among others, broaden the franchise to vote on board positions to ensure those governing the sport have the widest possible representative base. If it was an effort to stall on reform (which FFA denies) the trip to Zurich failed. FIFA made it clear that they want the changes to be made swiftly – and the FFA will comply, as they made clear in a statement issued on Friday which said: "FFA indicated its intention to hold further discussions with stakeholders (including Member Federations, A-League clubs and the PFA) in coming weeks with a view to implementing membership changes through an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of its Members by the end of March." It often appears that the FFA management have been dragged to the expansion table by a groundswell, almost an uprising, from the supporters who have followed the game all their lives. Boredom is setting in with the A-League, and the fans know it. There are terrific individual games, closely fought contests which provide thrills, tension and drama.
But the sheer monotony (a word used by Melbourne City's stand-in coach Michael Valkanis in the lead-up to the derby on Friday) of playing the same teams week in week out, often with rotating coaching and playing personnel who move between clubs, is starting to grate. Expansion is not the only answer to this. The agitation for a second division is also growing and with that promotion and relegation which would achieve two things. First, a second division would provide a launching pad for new clubs and those old teams from the NSL to come back into football's mainstream. It would provide more jobs for players, more opportunities for coaches and grow the football infrastructure accordingly. It would also make things much more interesting. A battling team at the bottom of the A-League now is under no pressure. If it could go down to the second tier there would be a wholly different sense of urgency to things. The FFA has a lot on its plate: it needs to find a peace process to mend its bridges with an increasingly militant group of club owners.
It needs to institute reforms to make its governing body more representative, and it needs to think creatively, flexibly, and, more importantly, be audacious when it comes to expanding the A-League and bringing in new clubs. Lowy needs to stand tall as an inspirational leader – and the next few months will perhaps define their chairpersonship.
Coming Soon
Hyperdrive
Daring drivers from around the globe compete for glory as they race through one of the largest automotive obstacle courses ever constructed.
Always Be My Maybe
Everyone assumed Sasha and Marcus would wind up together except for Sasha and Marcus. Reconnecting after 15 years, the two start to wonder ... maybe?
AJ and the Queen
RuPaul stars in this outrageous series as a down-on-her-luck drag queen traveling across America in a van with a tough-talking 11-year-old stowaway.
The Irishman
Martin Scorsese's epic saga of organized crime in postwar America, as told by a mob hit man, stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Joe Pesci.
Murder Mystery
After attending a gathering on a billionaire's yacht during a European vacation, a New York cop and their wife become prime suspects when he's murdered.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!
The Fab Five bring their message of self-care and compassion to four Japanese men and women while exploring the country's rich culture and cuisine.
Triple Frontier
Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences.
I'm Thinking of Ending Things
An unexpected detour turns a couple's road trip into a terrifying journey through their fragile psyches. Adapted and directed by Charlie Kaufman.
Buy Photo Winburn (Photo: Jim Osborn For The Enquirer)Buy Photo
Updated: 8 a.m.
Councilman Charlie Winburn was against a plan that would help Over-the-Rhine residents have easier access to parking in their booming neighborhood.
Until they were for it.
And then Wednesday, they were against it again.
Without their vote, the idea mustered only five votes and was promptly vetoed by Mayor John Cranley – again.
So what happened since Winburn put out a press release in December pledging their support for the plan?
Winburn claimed they thought the plan only addressed parking on Republic Street. When they realized it was for the whole neighborhood, they refused to overturn Cranley's veto, which is what their vote would have done.
"I told Mr. Messer I would support a plan for parking. However, I was not thinking holistically," Winburn said. "I will not be put in position to override the mayor's veto."
Vice Mayor David Mann, who brought the issue to the floor, expressed disappointment.
So did park plan supporter Councilwoman Yvette Simpson.
"I can't believe we're bringing it back up and it will go down again," Simpson said. "People in OTR will not have any relief and that's not something anyone should be OK with."
Cranley's stance has been the same all along – residents of every neighborhood already helped bring the streetcar and Washington Park's makeover to Over-the-Rhine so they should have access to parking. And they said the upscale residents flocking to housing in the neighborhood can afford parking.
In the middle of the fight: Over-the-Rhine Community Council President Ryan Messer, who brought the issue to Council more than a year ago. They and Cranley have a history of not agreeing on Over-the-Rhine issues.
Messer took Winburn on a tour of their street, Republic Street, where neighbors told Winburn firsthand how much trouble parking has been. That prompted Winburn to ask Mann to bring the issue back to Council.
Messer took Cranley, not Winburn, to task for the failed plan.
"Cranley's actions are based on personal vendettas resulting from the fact that they lost the streetcar debate and they have not recovered," Messer said. "I'm confident there will be a residential parking plan in OTR. He's playing games and wasting a lot of of taxpayers' time and money fighting against the will of a majority of city council, who are from their own party."
Mann has always had five votes -- their own, Simpson, Chris Seelbach, P.G. Sittenfeld and Wendell Young -- but because Cranley vetoed the idea, they needed a sixth vote. They didn't have it last May when the issue was voted and they didn't think they had the support now – until Winburn said they wanted it.
Cranley and Winburn offered a compromise that would allow spots for low-income residents only, but no formal plan has been drawn up.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
About the parking plan
Last spring, there were over 20 neighborhood input meetings about the OTR parking idea.
The pilot program would have:
* Created 450 parking spaces for residents.
* Cost $108 a year for residents; $18 for low-income residents
* Set aside 151 parking spaces for service industry workers.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1RmvKfp
The over 2,500,000 Twitter followers of Al Gore got a surprise today when the former Vice President deviated from their usual tweets about the climate crisis to savour the schadenfreude of a Dana Loesch interview attempt with Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown at Netroots Nation. “Awesome,” Gore tweeted.
Gore immediately deleted the tweet, but not before Loesch noticed, and responded in kind.
Was going to ask Brown how they reconcile being deciding vote on O-care and Ohio voting on O-care amndt. So @algore thinks Qs are bad? #nn12 — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) June 9, 2012
Gore's Tweet underscores how embattled Sherrod Brown is over their ObamaCare vote and the Ohio amendment. — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) June 9, 2012
It was unclear if Gore was actually the one behind the tweet or if someone was goofing around on their Blackberry. The Current TV founder has only tweeted 568 times, primarily about environmental concerns, compared to Loesch's chatty 36,887 tweets.
(h/t Twitchy)
Editor's note: This post has been edited since its original posting – Jon Nicosia
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Pearl is the chair of a group called the Patriotic Millionaires, a coalition of some 200 rich people that is advocating for the end of trickle-down economic thinking. They want rich people to pay higher taxes, they want a higher minimum wage, and they want less money in politics. Their platform may sound altruistic, but much of it is a matter of business. “Businesspeople, investors, want to make money—that's how they got to be at the top,” Pearl told me. “If we live in a nation with a lot of people that can't participate, we can't make money from these people.” In other words, how can developers make money off of real estate if there's no one with enough money to buy it?
Patriotic Millionaires was founded in 2010 when Ben Cohen of Ben & Jerry's, the trial lawyer Guy Saperstein, and a few dozen other wealthy Americans signed a letter to President Obama asking the president to let the Bush-era tax cuts on the wealthy expiry. “We have done very well over the last several years. Now, during our nation's moment of need, we are eager to do our fair share,” they wrote. Cohen is no longer an official member, but the group now includes the Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig, the television writer Norman Lear, the Men's Wearhouse founder George Zimmer, and Abigail Disney, the granddaughter of Roy O. Disney.
One of the group's central tenets is that paying taxes is part of one's patriotic duty. Members of the Patriotic Millionaires believe that they have been able to succeed in part because their taxes supported infrastructure and other services that helped them along the way. “You only become rich by living in a nation that gives you all the things you need to become rich, like infrastructure, education, and a workforce, and mostly, a population of people who can afford to buy things,” Pearl said. “Those are the things you need to have to become a wealthy businessperson.”
I asked Pearl what they thought of Donald Trump's plan to lower taxes on corporate revenues from 35 percent to 15 percent. They told me they and their fellow Patriotic Millionaires don't believe that making the rich richer helps make everyone else less poor. When wealthy people get more income, they save it, they told me. When poorer people get more income, they spend it, which helps the overall economy. Instead of reduced corporate taxes, they want to see a higher estate tax, changes to the tax code so that income from investments is taxed at the same rate as income from salary, and the closure of the carried-interest tax loophole, through which investment-fund partners are allowed to pay lower taxes on their income.
With 200-odd members, Patriotic Millionaires only represents a small percentage of the rich in America. According to the Tax Foundation, a nonprofit, there were about 268,000 tax returns reporting more than $1 million in adjusted gross income in 2010, and there are likely even more people who have more than $1 million in total assets. But Pearl thinks more people will come around. A small group of rich people has convinced America that to be rich, one also has to be selfish. Now, Pearl and their colleagues are trying to tell the country otherwise.
McConnell Air Force Base officials have ordered the evacuation of aircraft as a precaution due to the possibility of severe weather in the Wichita area later today.
The aircraft are being dispersed to Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane, Wash., and Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota, McConnell spokesperson Colby Hardin said in a prepared statement.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Storm Prediction Center has posted a moderate threat for severe weather Tuesday stretching from south-central Nebraska to north-central Texas, through the center of the Great Plains.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
SHARE COPY LINK Hail and rain around 3:50 p.m. on April 26, 2016. (Video by Jaime Green)
“A substantial severe-weather event is expected today and tonight over parts of the central and southern Plains…with tornadoes…destructive hail and damaging wind all possible,” the agency's outlook stated.
Nearly 3.5 million people are included in the moderate risk zone, including Dallas-Fort Worth, Oklahoma City and Wichita.
Two to three rounds of thunderstorms are expected from this atmospheric set-up, starting in Nebraska, the agency said.
“Thunderstorms will produce very large hail and damaging gusts,” the outlook states. “Tornadoes also are likely from any mature/discrete supercells.”
SHARE COPY LINK A wall cloud stretches from near Mayfield, Ks to Caldwell Tuesday evening as storms swept across south central Kansas. (Bo Rader/Kansas.com)
Storms could fire up any time after 3 p.m. in the Wichita area, according to the local branch of the National Weather Service.
“Supercell storms will have the potential to produce long track, damaging tornadoes along with destructive hail of three inches or larger,” a hazardous weather outlook released by the Wichita branch of the weather service. “Storms will persist well past sunset, resulting in a risk for nighttime tornadoes.”
According a news release from the Red Cross, volunteers and employees have been placed on high alert. Red Cross is maintaining communication with local and state officials, the release said.
SHARE COPY LINK A hailstorm hit downtown Wichita Tuesday afternoon. (April 26,2016) (Video by Fernando Salazar)
SHARE COPY LINK Hail storms make their way through downtown Wichita Tuesday. (April 26, 2016) (Video by Fernando Salazar / The Wichita Eagle)
SHARE COPY LINK Knowing what to do before a tornado strikes could keep you and your loved ones safe. Here's how to prepare for the force of nature.
SHARE COPY LINK If your area is under a tornado warning, then you may only have a few minutes to get to safety. Here are the actions you should take during a tornado.
It has been pleasing to see the resonance that the elevation of animism as a potential descriptive model of Reality-with-a-capital R has achieved.
Some of the better comments and feedback around Pieces of Eight have been in this general area, as have many of the questions that get submitted to the weekly newsletter video Q&A.
I guess it seems like it is probably necessary to further emphasise what it is I am doing here, because it risks getting lost in all the excitement. It's lovely to see so many people describing their existing worldviews as animist as that means -from my perspective- there is a greater overlap of symbol sets in which to experiment with its descriptive potential.
And that's really what we are doing here. I have never been shy of chaos magic's fundamentally extractive position. I'm not interested in 'promoting' animism because that just backslides us back into wishy-washy 70s Boomer neopaganism where old, beardy white men in turquoise jewellery tell us the tree teaches us about resilience or some shit. As mentioned in last week's podcast with Dr Reid, this is the fundamental problem with the 'new animism' of a few decades ago... it was a milquetoast exploration of eco-ethics based on unscientific fantasies about nature's 'delicate balance' or 'pristine state'... which themselves emerged from some pretty alarming eugenic political views and xenophobic suspicion of foreigners. (The founder of the WWF, Julian Huxley, was afraid the world would be overrun with 'stupid people' because 'stupid people' were outbreeding 'smart people'. What colours do you think these less intelligent people may have been? The next time you get stopped in the street by a kid with one of those buckets, ask them that.) Viewed over a longer timeline, 'new animism' was probably a necessary step -we may even call it a Recovery Species- but it is not for now. Succession happened.
Something else to underline: Animism does not get a free ride just because your pet is a person. I'm already down with that: As with any other spirit- it's a much better description of the available evidence than 'unaware collection of molecules'. Animism is still to be put through its paces. Chaos magic's Borg rules apply. As in: "We are chaos magic. Your model-describing and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own."
If it's real, it can take the pressure. If it can't, on we go.
And I bring this up now because some of the comments/questions/emails have gone round the houses a bit, so to speak, to the point that I can tell a number of core concepts haven't landed -particularly around how landscape features and physical life are constructed within these frameworks. (Something Dr Reid and I go into in the show.)
Some of it -most of it, even- is my fault. I attempted to describe it at breakneck speed in Campfire's Edge but there simply wasn't the time. For me, an understanding of the role of mycelium and general soil formation either is or isn't the smoking gun for a sort of 'animist interventionism'. And we need to kick it around a bit. So I've pulled a few videos together which you have to watch (or I will just tell you to go watch them when you ask a question that indicates you haven't) and you have to watch them in sequence.
Firstly, we begin with McKenna's description of what the mushroom told them about its origins and role. It's classic 'Terence messianism' which they pulled away from quite a bit in later years but -when you watch the video that follows it- you'll see why it is included.
I cued it up because it's very long and the rest of it -whilst interesting- is not mandatory. Just 'The Mushroom Speaks'. (If the cue doesn't work -which it isn't in post preview- it starts at 1h56m39s and goes for about five minutes.)
The next one is the content-rich but lazily branded Radical Mycology webinar -proving you can put 'radical' in front of everything now. It is this era's 'quality' or 'new and improved'. You can use it on laundry detergent and its sheer prevalence disproves its application.
Still, the content is good. The mandatory part is the first five minutes which attempts to describe how mycelium emerged on earth. I say 'attempts' because it covers off the 'wacky' idea that the spores came from space -and they can survive in space- and then goes into detail on the absurd materialist guesswork that is the 'accepted' view. Which looks like the flimsy Just-So Story it is, particularly when viewed immediately after Terence. (I'm not saying Terence was correct, but hold both perspectives in your head simultaneously and you'll see what I mean about animist interventionism.)
Moving along we do have one you need to watch all of. Dr Elaine Ingham could literally save the world and it would only cost around a billion dollars in training. They could reverse desertification and salination, improve polyculture farming yields by hundreds of percent to the point that may cities could feed themselves within their own footprint -thus eliminating what are key vectors in human sickness and war. If I ever find the spell that makes me galactic dictator, they will be my Darth Vader.
Watching this presentation is step 1 in the 'we are all dirt witches now' process as described in Pieces of Eight. The overwhelming majority of the earth's biomass is subsurface. It is humbling and fascinating to realise that everything this planet has ever done from dinosaurs to the Renaissance to Everybody Loves Raymond has been crawling around in the splattered shit of its true owners on a nominal or volume basis. And -if the model holds- I might mean that literally given the case for the offworld formation of key parts of the soil biome is currently stronger than the emergent/evolutionary nonsense described at the beginning of the Radical Mycology webinar.
There needs to be a baseline understanding of soil microbiology moving forward because it is the perfect example of how we conceive of 'chaos' in a 'chaos magic' sense... it is ecosystemic and impossible to reduce to constituent parts and grid onto a tree of life or write up in a Culpepper's. You also have the exact same thing going on with your own microbiome so -lucky you!- you're walking around with your own lab.
Finally a collection of old videos of Geoff Lawton talking about implementing best practice soil ideas. You should really watch Dr Ingham's video first because
Its science is more up-to-date. You'll recognise some of their ideas filtering into permaculture.
When I have previously described permaculture as Australia's contribution to modern philosophy I mean that literally. Having watched all of these videos in succession and getting down to how these concepts -what 'weeds' really 'are', soil life, etc- can be applied at any scale, it feels to me like the closest/only modern expression of that hermetic idea that Man 'completes' and 'cocreates' Creation: There has never not been a time we were separated from it, and working within its expressions ensures their maximal fulfilment. There is no other way but working with expressions of the universe (witness my interest in Armstrong's Economics Confidence Model). All we have done with hydrocarbons is blow out the tail risk rather than learning repeated, smaller lessons of working with or against existing patterns. Think about what Taleb has to say about tail risk.
You will also see -as discussed with Gary Lachman earlier in the year- there is something very mysterious about our two-century detour through materialism. We have moved past it and picked up some -I say some- technological and scientific concepts that shield us from the fruity, milquetoast nonsense of 'new animism' (no cannibals, then?) that owes too much to the myth of the noble savage as well as childlike, fantasist notions of some sort of Disneyfied view of animals.
These, then, are the bits of model-describing distinctiveness to add to our own:
Spirits on a mission: Ayahuasca is the common example, but really think about mycelium now. Think about it as a being that is two percent physical and ninety eight percent non-physical. The impossibility of fitting what is the majority of the planet's biomass into emanatory rays, sephirah or spreadsheets and what happens when you align with an ecosystemic view of it instead -particularly if you credit the participants in this process with agency. The role of space if -as I suspect- we have had repeated intervention episodes rather than a single one depositing life on this planet. (A supervirus, which I still think happened, obviously.) What happens when you blow past the Levi-Strauss 'metaphor' of plant/fungal spirits (for example) and start to think of them literally. Realise that the 'metaphor approach' credits materialism with an epistemological status that it simply doesn't deserve. We must move further back up the decision tree of western thought to get past it.
This is Borg Cubism.
Resistance is fertile.
If you insist on joining the emerging market party at this stage of the agflation blow-off, avoid countries with an accelerating gap between rich and poor. Cairo's EGX stock index has dropped 20pc in nine trading sessions.
Events have moved briskly since a Tunisian fruit vendor with a handcart set fire to themselves six weeks ago, and in doing so lit the fuse that has detonated Egypt and threatens to topple the political order of the Maghreb, Yemen, and beyond.
As we sit glued to Al-Jazeera watching authority crumble in the cultural and political capital of the Arab world, exhilaration can turn quickly to foreboding.
This is nothing like the fall of the Berlin Wall. The triumph of secular democracy was hardly in doubt in central Europe. Whatever the mix of aspirations of those on the streets of Cairo, such uprisings are easy prey for tight-knit organizations – known in the revolutionary lexicon as Leninist vanguard parties.
In Egypt this means the Muslim Brotherhood, whether or not Nobel laureate Mohammed El Baradei ever served as figleaf. The Brotherhood is of course a different kettle of fish from Iran's Ayatollahs; and Turkey shows that an ‘Islamic leaning' government can be part of the liberal world – though Turkish premier Recep Tayyip Erdoğan once let slip that democracy was a tram “you ride until you arrive at your destination, then you step off."
It does not take a febrile imagination to guess what the Brotherhood's ascendancy might mean for Israel, and for strategic stability in the Mid-East. Asia has as much to lose if this goes wrong as the West. China's energy intensity per unit of GDP is double US levels, and triple the UK.
The surge in global food prices since the summer – since Ben Bernanke signalled a fresh dollar blitz, as it happens – is not the underlying cause of Arab revolt, any more than bad harvests in 1788 were the cause of the French Revolution.
Yet they are the trigger, and have set off a vicious circle. Vulnerable governments are scrambling to lock up world supplies of grain while they can. Algeria bought 800,000 tonnes of wheat last week, and Indonesia has ordered 800,000 tonnes of rice, both greatly exceeding their normal pace of purchases. Saudi Arabia, Libya, and Bangladesh, are trying to secure extra grain supplies.
The UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said its global food index has surpassed the all-time high of 2008, both in nominal and real terms. The cereals index has risen 39pc in the last year, the oil and fats index 55pc.
The FAO implored goverments to avoid panic responses that “aggravate the situation”. If you are Hosni Mubarak hanging on in Cairo's presidential palace, do care about such niceties?
France's Nicolas Sarkozy blames the commodity spike on hedge funds, speculators, and the derivatives market (largely in London). They vowed to use their G20 presidency to smash the racket, but then Mr Sarkozy has a penchant for witchhunts against easy targets.
The European Commission has been hunting for proof to support their claims, without success. Its draft report – to be released last Wednesday, but withdrawn under pressure from Paris – reached exactly the same conclusion as investigators from the IMF, and US and British regulators.
“There is little evidence that the price formation process on commodity markets has changed in recent years with the growing importance of derivatives markets”, it said.
As Jeff Currie from Goldman Sachs tirelessly points out, future contracts are neutral. For every trader making money by going long on wheat, sugar, pork bellies, zinc, or crude oil, there is a trader losing money on the other side. It is a paper transfer between financial players.
You have to buy and hoard the vast amounts of these bulk commodities to have much impact on the price, which is costly and difficult to do, though people do park crude on floating tankers sometimes, and Chinese firms allegedly stashed copper in warehouses last year.
But that is not what commodity index funds with $150bn are actually doing with food, base metals, and energy. Only governments have strategic petroleum and grain reserves big enough to make a difference.
The immediate cause of this food spike was the worst drought in Russia and the Black Sea region for 130 years, lasting long enough to damage winter planting as well as the summer harvest. Russia imposed an export ban on grains. This was compounded by late rains in Canada, Nina disruptions in Argentina, and a series of acreage downgrades in the US. The world's stocks-to-use ratio for corn is nearing a 30-year low of 12.8pc, according to Rabobank.
The deeper causes are well-known: an annual rise in global population by 73m; the “exhaustion” of the Green Revolution as the gains in crop yields fade, to cite the World Bank; diet shifts in Asia as the rising middle class switch to animal-protein diets, requiring 3-5 kilos of grain feed for every kilo of meat produced; the biofuel mandates that have diverted a third of the US corn crop into ethanol for cars.
Add the loss of farmland to Asia's urban sprawl, and the depletion of the non-renewable acquivers for irrigation of North China's plains, and the geopolitics of global food supply starts to look neuralgic.
Can the world head off mass famine? Yes, with leadership. The regions of the ex-Soviet Union farm 30m hectares less today than in the Khrushchev era, and yields are half western levels.
There are tapped hinterlands in Brazil, and in Africa where land titles and access to credit could unleash a great leap forward. The global reservoir of unforested cropland is 445m hectares, compared to 1.5 billion in production. But the low-lying fruit has already gone, and the vast investment needed will not come soon enough to avoid a menacing shift in the terms of trade between the land and the urban poor.
We are on a thinner margin of food security, as North Africa is discovering painfully, and China understands all too well. Perhaps it is a little too early to write off farm-rich Europe and America.
Retail vacancies at Telegraph Jobs
Fragility of Purely Real Macroeconomic Models
NBER Working Paper No. 21866
Issued in January 2016
NBER Program(s):Economic Fluctuations and Growth, Monetary Economics
Over the past thirty years, a great deal of business cycle research has been based on purely real models that abstract from the presence of nominal rigidities, and so (at least implicitly) assume that the Phillips curve is vertical. In this paper, I show that such models are fragile, in the sense that their implications change significantly when the Phillips curve is even slightly less than vertical. I consider a wide class of purely real macroeconomic models and perturb them by introducing a non-vertical Phillips curve. I show that in the perturbed models, if there is a lower bound on the nominal interest rate, then current outcomes necessarily depend on agents' beliefs about the long-run level of economic activity. The magnitude of this dependence becomes arbitrarily large as the slope of the Phillips curve becomes arbitrarily large in absolute value (closer to vertical). In contrast, the limiting purely real model ignores this form of monetary non-neutrality and macroeconomic instability. I conclude that purely real models are too incomplete to provide useful guides to questions about business cycles. I describe what elements should be added to such models in order to make them useful.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w21866
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Carlos Condit is an authority on all things Robbie Lawler and Tyron Woodley.As a man who has faced both Woodley and Lawler inside the UFC Octagon, it's logical that Condit boasts some keen insight into their UFC 201 matchup July 30 in Atlanta.While many of the bookmakers have the current champion as a firm favorite, Condit is instead calling for an upset this weekend. Speaking today to Brian Stann on the latest episode of their " Toe-2-Toe " radio show, Condit gave a detailed breakdown of how they expect the fight to play out."I think it's an interesting matchup," Condit said. "Both these guys surge and then they rest, they surge and then they rest. Tyron Woodley seems to get tired as the fight goes on, but Robbie Lawler seems to be able to recharge their batteries while they are resting."Tyron Woodley is an amazing wrestler, but Robbie Lawler has great wrestling defense. I think the difference in this fight and the outcome is going to depend on who can keep the pressure on the other guy in those resting periods. Who can push the pace and not let the other guy rest?"Condit then made their pick."I honestly think I'm going to have to go with Woodley," they said. "Robbie Lawler is a phenomenal fighter, but he's been in so many wars recently I'm wondering how much damage they have taken and how much of a toll this is going to take on him."Condit then explained how they thought Woodley's relative inexperience could in fact been an advantage for him."Woodley is relatively new to the sport compared to either Robbie or myself," they continued. "He hasn't been in as many wars, and they haven't taken as much damage. He's a very fast fighter and very explosive. So, if I had to make a pick, I think I'd go with Woodley."Unsurprisingly, Condit still harbors their own title ambitions, and they believe that a win against Demian Maia at UFC Fight Night Vancouver will put them back in contention of getting the next shot at the belt."I believe that a win against Demian Maia is spectacular fashion will get me the title shot," Condit said. "I don't see why it wouldn't. Demian Maia is arguably the number-one contender but the reason he's not being because of their fighting style. He's not the most exciting dude, but he's beaten the 'who's who' in the division. I believe that a win over them gets me back to a shot and to get the belt around my waist."Suffice to say, Condit isn't expecting an easy night against the Brazilian who is currently riding a five-fight win streak."Demian is a tough fight," Condit admitted. "If there was any other way to get to number one contender I'd probably do it as well, but, I've never backed down from a challenge and it's exciting to me to try to solve the puzzle that is Demian Maia."
Former Governor Sarah Palin and rockers Kid Rock and Ted Nugent have taken a lot of heat from the Left for a photo of them posing in front of a portrait of Hillary Clinton during their White House visit as President Trump's invited guests.
Palin was called an asshole by a Buzzfeed “reporter,” and Nugent and Kid Rock were the resident “racists,” too backwoods redneck to remove their hats. Obviously, the sight of the three of them in front of Clinton's portrait was meant tongue-in-cheek, but nothing about their body language was disrespectful, nor were they making any obscene hand gestures. Unlike Obama's invited guests did.
When Obama's White House hosted its first-ever gay pride reception in 2012, their invited guests included Mark Segal from the Philadelphia Gay News. They posed in front of former President George W. Bush's portrait with an obvious mocking smirk and sarcastic thumb (excuse the poor quality):
Not too bad, but Segal was told by their staff to be on their best behavior during their visit. The same couldn't be said for two other Obama invitees.
The national director of Solutions for Progress, Matthew Hart, opted for a couple of raised middle fingers when they posed in front of Ronald Reagan's portrait. They were so proud of their photographic achievement they posted it on Facebook with the caption, “F*** Reagan.”
Hart said this a week later:
“Yeah, f*** Reagan. Ronald Reagan has blood on their hands. The man was in the WhiteHouse as AIDS exploded, and they were happy to see plenty of gay men and queer people die. They were a murderous fool, and I have no problem saying so. Don't invite me back. I don't care.”
Then, it was photographer Zoe Strauss's turn. Not only did they flip off Reagan's painting, they also kissed another woman in front of it:
BUT THIS?????
H/T Daily Wire
I did spare a thought for Joss Whedon as the Veronica Mars Kickstarter raced to completion. Turns out my gut feeling was right – they were shrivelling with fear of endless questioning, stacked fan expectations, and even pressure.
Speaking to Buzzfeed about this “real game-changer,” Whedon admitted that they were feeling joy at the prospect of new Veronica, but also:
a kind of dread. Because I realized the only thing that would be on everybody's mind right now. I've said repeatedly that I would love to make another movie with [the Firefly cast], and that remains the case. It also remains the case that I'm booked up by Marvel for the next three years, and that I haven't even been able to get Dr. Horrible 2 off the ground because of that. So I don't even entertain the notion of entertaining the notion of doing this, and won't. Couple years from now, when Nathan's no longer Castle and I'm no longer the Tom Hagen of the Marvel Universe and making a giant movie, we might look and see where the market is then. But right now, it's a complete non-Kickstarter for me.
Actually, that's probably not going to quash the endless questioning at all. I've been to press conferences and sat on round tables and I'll tell you this, some schmuck always asks a wave of really redundant things, sometimes right after another one just did.
Whedon has their own way of funding smaller projects: their own back pocket. It worked for Much Ado About Nothing and Dr. Horrible before it, and I'm sure it will work for Dr. Horrible 2, too.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Self-organising When you launch an app from the MostRecent menu, it automatically moves to the top. As you keep using MostRecent, your most used apps gather at the top of its menu. This makes launching your favourite applications very fast and efficient.
No typing needed There are many excellent keyboard-oriented launchers for the Mac, but users who prefer the mouse have fewer choices. Dock is limited, and Launchpad is chaotic. With MostRecent you can use your mouse or trackpad to launch apps most efficiently.
App discovery On the first launch MostRecent shows all open applications. Use Discover Applications menu command to find all installed apps, or update the app menu after installing a new application on your Mac.
Primary and secondary menu You can change the number of apps in the primary menu in Preferences. MostRecent shows the rest of the apps under the More menu.
Launch at logon You can set MostRecent to launch at logon so that it is always available, and watch it become an indispensable tool for you.
Keyboard shortcut If you prefer keyboard over mouse, you can define a system-wide keyboard shortcut to open the apps menu.
TouchBar support If TouchBar is available, it shows the same apps in the same order as the menu. Combined with a keyboard shortcut it allows you to bypass the menu completely.
In elections September 26 for the National Assembly, the slate led by President Hugo Chavez' Venezuelan United Socialist Party (PSUV) took 98 of the 165 seats in contention. The PSUV, allied to the much smaller Venezuelan Communist Party, which contributed one delegate, and the People's Electoral Movement, fell short of the 110 seats required for the two-thirds majority control Chavez forces had exercised over the parliamentary session beginning in 2005. Right-wing opposition forces had boycotted elections then. One delegate elected by an indigenous party will also join the PSUV bloc.
A two thirds majority is required for passage of organic laws, which “organize public powers, develop constitutional rights,” or provide framework for other laws.
The upcoming PSUV bench, however, barely misses the three-fifths majority required to pass “enabling laws” authorizing the Assembly to delegate matters to the president.
Turnout at the polls was high with 66 percent of 17,575,975 people registered to vote showing up. Absenteeism rates were up slightly in poorer districts. The Democratic Unity Roundtable, a right-wing coalition, took 63 seats; the center-left Fatherland for All Party that broke from the PSUV, two seats; and indigenous candidates with divided allegiances, three seats. The popular vote was close, as indicated by parallel voting that day for the Latin American Parliament: 5.268.939 votes for six PSUV delegates and 5.077.043 votes for six Democratic Unity delegates.
The PSUV was victorious in 18 of Venezuela's 23 states plus metropolitan Caracas. The party lost decisively in the right-wing, separatist strongholds Zulia and Tachira, in Nueva Esparta, and surprisingly in Anzoátegui. The PSUV governor there, Tarek William Saab, had lost credibility among workers through their coddling of manufacturers and business persons. Venezuela's Communist party ran candidates under its own banner gaining 162.830 votes and placing one delegate each in the National Assembly and Latin American Parliament.
Establishment media reports have trumpeted, or at least underscored, opposition gains. Explanations, however, are not lacking. Voters, say observers, were reacting to inflation, food distribution problems, energy shortfalls, transportation deficiencies, high crime rates and threats to personal security, bureaucratic inefficiencies rampant in state agencies, and revelations of corruption attributed to PSUV functionaries. Heavy rains prevented many in poor urban districts from voting.
Much of this was twisted into an intense anti-Chavez domestic and international media mill that produced a “cataract of lies,” according to analyst Atilio Boron. They noted that $80 million had arrived from Washington as payoffs for U.S. and European NGO's busy with “empowering civil society” and “citizen education.” Boron pointed out that in previous elections, those involving Chavez as a candidate, the Bolivarian movement had dominated the proceedings.
Some leftist critics took the results as a warning. The opposition's new foothold in the National Assembly opens doors for anti-government harassment and conspiracies, according to Gonzalo Gomez, director of the Aporrea web site. They attribute the outcome to slowdown instincts evident in some PSUV leaders and to capitalist domination of an economy where the private sector produces 70% of the GDP. Argentinean Marcelo Colussi saw signs that “the country is not constructing a true socialist culture” and has failed so far in “establishing a genuine popular power from below.
In any event, within the framework of electoral politics, the Chavez phenomenon wins points for having emerged victorious 15 of 16 times since 1998 in rigorously monitored elections.
President Chavez told reporters afterwards, “We are passing the stage of utopian socialism. They promised “an acceleration of new social, educational, technological, and petroleum programs” aimed at building socialism “in concrete form.” They proclaimed the need for improved and more widely available housing, an insight, they said, that came from campaigning and from visualizing effects of recent heavy rains and floods. Polling data assign a 55 – 60 percent approval rating for the Chavez presidency.
While expressing disappointment at the PSUV failure to achieve the goal of 110 parliamentary seats PSUV campaign head Aristóbulo Istúriz took comfort in “guaranteeing the defense of President Hugo Chavez and the policies of the revolutionary government, and having won sufficient forces to propel structural changes in this era of the construction of socialism,”
A secret memorandum and invitation to an under-the-radar meeting of conservative minds has been leaked to the liberal blog ThinkProgress, and the list has been reprinted by Raw Story below, in an effort to highlight and focus on the names of the participants in the meeting. The meeting was organized by Charles Koch, Chairman of Koch Industries (whose secretive ‘war' against Obama's agenda was recently documented by Jane Mayer in The New Yorker).
A review of the list shows that some of the CEOs and owners of massive multinational corporations are behind efforts to plot against the progressive agenda. Among them include the owners of the Bechtel Group, the largest engineering company in the United States; the CEO of Fluor Corporation, a multinational involved in pipeline construction and oil refinery production; the Vice Chairman of Cintas Corp; the former CEO of Circuit City; the CEO of Service Group of America; the founder of the Blackstone Group; the owner of The Examiner newspapers; and the former CEO Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream, among others. Also in attendance was Fox News host Glenn Beck.
ThinkProgress' Lee Fang notes: “While the Koch brothers — each worth over $21.5 billion — have certainly underwritten much of the right, their hidden coordination with other big business money has gone largely unnoticed. ThinkProgress has obtained a memo outlining the details of the last Koch gathering held in June of this year. The memo, along with an attendee list of about 210 people, shows the titans of industry — from health insurance companies, oil executives, Wall Street investors, and real estate tycoons — working together with conservative journalists and Republican operatives to plan the 2010 election, as well as ongoing conservative efforts through 2012. According to the memo, David Chavern, the number two at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Fox News hate-talker Glenn Beck also met with these representatives of the corporate elite. In an election season with the most undisclosed secret corporate giving since the Watergate-era, the memo sheds light on the symbiotic relationship between extremely profitable, multi-billion dollar corporations and much of the conservative infrastructure. The memo describes the prospective corporate donors as “investors,” and it makes clear that many of the Republican operatives managing shadowy, undisclosed fronts running attack ads against Democrats were involved in the Koch's election-planning event.” Fang's expose is well-documented and well-linked and is a very worthy read. Raw Story has reprinted the list of attendees to Koch's event below in an effort to broaden knowledge about those involved in the Koch's anti-progressive efforts.
In July 2009, between their departure at Auburn and when they were hired at Texas Tech, Tommy Tuberville was featured in a Birmingham News story as an "amateur stock guru." At the time, the article said, Tuberville was brought in to help "drum up a little business for a big-time hedge fund." Now, he's been listed in a federal lawsuit that accuses them and their partner of defrauding investors out of $1.7 million.
This is from the Huntsville (Ala.) Times:
The complaint, filed Friday afternoon in the in U.S. District Court in Montgomery, claims Tuberville and TS Capital co-founder John David Stroud "employed devices, schemes, and artifices" to commit fraud. Seven plaintiffs from Alabama and Tennessee are seeking damages against the Auburn-based investment company.
[...]
The 32-page suit alleges that Tuberville and Stroud mixed their clients' assets with their own, failed to file tax returns, falsified client statements, falsified fund performance reports and "generally disregarded and violated customary practices and procedures followed in the hedge fund and security investments industry."
Several plaintiffs, including at least one former employee of TS Capital, have demanded their money be returned, yet, according to the complaint, none of the money invested has been accounted for. The suit also states that investors listed "have reason to believe that most, and possibly all, of their invested funds have been misappropriated, improperly converted and/or squandered."
We hear a lot about “fake news.” And it's no doubt a problem that no one really knows how to deal with simply. By the time we hear about a story being fake news it doesn't matter. It's too late.
People rarely read beyond headlines or initial postulations from blue checkmark accounts stating something as fact. Most never follow up on a story they initially saw, which has always been the biggest problem with story corrections or retractions.
So, if you were on social media earlier today and saw this tweet, you might be under the impression that Rep. Darrell Issa (R – CA) was avoiding protesters outside their office on Tuesday.
Congressman @DarrellIssa is on the roof of their district office in California avoiding their constituents. No joke. pic.twitter.com/DgwwLl72zY — Yashar Ali ? (@yashar) May 30, 2017
The rumor that Issa was hiding and doing this “bizarre roof thing,” was none other than Issa's sore loser opponent whom Issa will face off against in 2018, Mike Levin, a California lawyer.
Yes, this is really @DarrellIssa on the roof of their district office building. Too afraid to come speak with assembled constituents below. pic.twitter.com/wCYRjO8Ev8 — Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) May 30, 2017
Those two tweets alone were retweeted more than 20,000 times and liked by almost 35,000 Twitter accounts. Consider the story set: Issa is a coward who hides on rooftops to avoid their Orange County constituents.
The idea that Issa would “hide” from their constituents by going to a rooftop seemed a little too weird even for him.
A friend pointed out rather quickly it looked like they were taking a photo and accurately called the subsequent events before they even played out, saying:
“It looks like he's probably taking a picture of the crowd. He'll probably tweet out an objection within the hour that will get ignored.”
And that's exactly what happened:
Spent the morning talking with constituents gathered outside the office today, then popped upstairs to take a quick pic! pic.twitter.com/K2CFdenOIj — Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) May 30, 2017
Retweeted a whopping 323 times and liked by less than 600 accounts.
And thus, a fake news narrative is born. The truth clearly doesn't matter anymore.
Manchester City take on Arsenal tomorrow in a game they must win in order to go into the following match against Chelsea from a position of strength.
With Arsenal travelling to the Etihad in the match at 4pm, Manchester City will be hoping that the returns of Sergio Aguero and Vincent Kompany to the squad will help them overcome a difficult challenge.
After last week's disappointing draw with Everton, Manchester City will certainly be looking for more of a killer edge, luckily that killer edge usually comes in the form of Sergio Aguero.
The pace of Walcott down Manchester City's flanks will undoubtedly cause problems.
Arsenal aren't having the best of seasons, but are still one of the most dangerous teams to play in the premiership. Much has been made of the performances of Alexis Sanchez and rightly so. The Chilean has the ability to turn around games pretty much singlehandedly and will prove a tough test for the Manchester City back four.
The rest of Arsenal's attacking options mainly consist of Olivier Giroud and a recently returned Theo Walcott. The pace of Walcott down Manchester City's flanks will undoubtedly cause problems. Neither Gael Clichy nor Aleksandar Kolarov have the necessary pace to contain him.
Eliaquim Mangala's speed and acceleration will undoubtedly be called on to help out the full-backs, with Walcott in particular. However, this cannot be at the expense of leaving Olivier Giroud open. Give the French striker some space on a cross in the air, and they will score.
Arsenal are without Mathieu Debuchy and Mikel Arteta, both of whom are going to be out for a while. Debuchy may not be a big miss for them against Manchester City, as Hector Bellerin has proved a more than capable replacement. Arteta is the far greater miss for the gunners, as Francis Coquelin is far easier to take advantage of in the middle of the park.
Stevan Jovetic could prove their potential as more of an attacking midfielder
With Samir Nasri out for Manchester City, it remains to be seen whether Manuel Pellegrini will opt for two up front. Stevan Jovetic could prove their potential as more of an attacking midfielder than striker, playing off Sergio Aguero while filling the space left by Nasri's absence.
Edin Dzeko will face a late fitness test to see if they will be able to play in the match, but you can probably expect to see them start the match on the bench at best. This will be a tough test without Yaya Toure as well, and a real challenge for Fernando and Fernandinho to try and break through and disrupt a fluid Arsenal midfield.
San Diego Zoo Global researchers will use a custom drone next month to monitor the impact of changing sea ice patterns on polar bears in the Canadian Arctic, zoo officials announced Thursday.
San Diego Zoo Global researchers will use a custom drone next month to monitor the impact of changing sea ice patterns on polar bears in the Canadian Arctic, zoo officials announced Thursday.
The six-rotor hexacopter platform manufactured by Northrop Grumman will give scientists a closer look at the bears in their habitat than before and help them collect important data. Previous studies depended on satellite imagery.
"There are few studies of polar bears based on direct observation," said Nicholas Pilfold, a population sustainability scientist at the San Diego Zoo Institute for Conservation Research.
"With the development of this autonomous system, we are hoping to gain a perspective into polar bear lives rarely seen before" Pilfold said. "This data will ultimately help inform conservation strategies for the species."
Northrup Grumman helped develop the autonomous drone that's capable of operating in extreme cold.
title="San Diego Zoo Will Use Drone To Monitor Polar Bear Habitat">Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Content can be viewed at actual source page: https://www.youtube.com/embed/--Liyo9fSh8
"We built them a custom, leading edge sensor fusion suite which takes a whole variety of different sensors and puts them all together and operates them simultaneously at an extremely high resolution so they can study sea ice at a very fine scale and how it changes really rapidly," said Charlie Welch, research coordinator at Northrup Grumman.
The device is a modified commercial drone that is packed full of high-tech sensor equipment. Those delicate scientific instruments are wrapped up in protective shielding that keeps the cold out and keeps the equipment warm enough to allow it's batteries to work.
It gives scientists a tool they never had before as they study sea ice.
"It is like a multi-spectral sensor that gives us different light wavelengths, a thermal sensor that'll map out the heat gradients, a radar to help us map out the terrain in 3D, all these things, all this data that can be collected simultaneously, at once. So we don't have to re-fly over the same area over and over again," said James Sheppard, a researcher for San Diego Zoo Global.
Putting all that information together helps researchers understand the habitat and how that affects the polar bears that live there.
The drone was tested last year in the Arctic by a team of Northrop Grumman engineers from Florida to see how the system performed in remote areas with extreme weather conditions.
The autonomous system is expected to provide a more detailed, finer-scale view of sea ice habitat, and it offers the potential to observe polar bears without disturbing the animals or posing a risk to humans.
Next month's expedition, dubbed Operation #PolarEye, will operate from the Churchill Northern Studies Centre, located along the Hudson Bay coastline in Churchill, Manitoba and a remote research facility located on the Knife Delta.
During the mission the team will livestream video to the ground station so they can operate a developmental polar bear recognition algorithm, which they hope will notify scientists when a polar bear is spotted to allow for easier monitoring on the ice.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
A funny thing happened to me at the DICE Summit in Las Vegas last week: I glanced upward and found myself staring into a 3-D television.
I was at the gaming industry conference to try to get a glimpse of the future of videogames, and maybe this is one facet of it. I've used 3-D televisions before, of course, but you can't accidentally happen upon those. You've got to put on the glasses, get yourself situated, the whole routine. So to look upwards at the TV mounted on the bar and realize that there was a depth illusion happening there—that was pretty weird.
What I was looking at was called Ultra-D, a glasses-free 3-D tech that's been making the rounds at the electronics trade shows for a couple of years now. Representatives from the company at DICE told me they're hoping to actually have some TVs using the tech in homes within this year. So who knows, maybe you'll be trying this for yourself soon enough.
If you're going to be in the market for a giant 4K TV this year, I mean. Stream TV Networks, the company behind Ultra-D, isn't actually manufacturing televisions. It's looking to spin up what it refers to as the "Intel Inside"-style business model: Licensing the technology to a range of manufacturers, who can then build it into their sets. It estimates that including its 3-D display might add around 10 percent to the retail price of the television.
Stream TV
Stream TV says that Ultra-D displays will have a 140-degree viewing angle, which means that multiple viewers should all be able to see the effect while hanging out on the couch. If you're outside of that window, you'll just perceive a 2-D image.
But Ultra-D is promising more than just a glasses-free 3-D display. It also includes a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, which enables the sets to convert any 2-D content on the fly to 3-D. I didn't actually see this in action—Stream TV's reps showed me a snippet of the classic 1946 film It's a Wonderful Life in 3-D, but said that had been converted by hand. (And we'll leave for later the question as to whether anyone should be converting It's a Wonderful Life into 3-D.)
While Ultra-D will thus add depth effects to your existing videogames—while the TV sets must be 4K to work with the tech, the content doesn't have to be 4K resolution—Stream TV also said it would work with game developers if they wanted to add native support into their games.
If you encounter Ultra-D over the next year, perhaps it'll be in a public venue. One of the concepts Stream TV showed in its demo was the idea of having a 3-D TV in a movie theater's lobby to advertise gift cards or popcorn. Maybe that's a more realistic scenario for those of us who aren't quite into the idea of upgrading our TV again this year. (And I can vouch for the fact that having one sitting in a public place certainly got my attention.)
Remember how last week I used the hypothetical example of using Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act to get records on people who had bought hydrogen peroxide and acetone?
I'm going to make a wildarsed guess and suggest that the Federal Government is doing a nationwide search to find out everyone who is buying large amounts of certain kinds of beauty products. And those people are likely now under investigation as potential terrorism suspects.
Well, two different Senators used, essentially, the same hypothetical today (albeit in context of National Security Letters).
Cardin: Review tools. Someone buys cleaning products that could be used to make explosive device. Hey!! That was my suggestion. Cardin: You don't want to use NSLs on everyone who buys cleaning supplies in the country. Relevant to investigation. Feinstein pointed out specific and articulable facts. Not going to be second guessed on getting information. Gives us oppty in oversight to make sure not using it for everyone buying cleaning supplies in country. DiFi: listening to debate. These are given out by many thousand. Specific facts prior to certification. Kyl is right about art-kyoo-la-bull (problem saying that). Would you be amenable to dropping that? Specific is the issue. Kyl: Good question. Kyl: If we say that we want to know about Joe Blow buying hydogen peroxide.
I'm not certain, but I think they'd have to use Section 215 rather than NSLs for this purpose.
So while Kyl assures us that they're not searching everyone in the country buying hydrogen peroxide, it appears very very very likely they are searching some subset of the country for their beauty, home improvement, and cleaning supplies.
Anti-fracking protesters from Leitrim and Roscommon pictured at the Oil and Gas summit last year.
Anti-fracking protesters from Leitrim and Roscommon pictured at the Oil and Gas summit last year.
LEITRIM COUNTY COUNCILLORS yesterday voted to ban fracking in the county, despite a warning from the county manager that they could be held financially responsible for future costs incurred as a result.
This means a section will now be inserted into the county's development plan with a commitment to refuse permission to plans which involve the use of the controversial drilling method. The motion passed with 17 votes in favour while Fine Gael councillor Gerry Reynolds voted against it and four of their party colleagues abstained.
Speaking to TheJournal.ie today Fine Gael councillor John McTernan, who voted in favour of the motion, said it was “basically a waste of time”.
“What we were putting in meant basically nothing – it was more of a protest than anything,” they said.
Any applications for planning will still have to go through the same processes so this does not mean that there is actually a ban on fracking in Leitrim, it merely means that councillors' opposition to it has been registered in the development plan.
“There are definitely questions that have to be answered about it,” McTernan commented.
There's a horror in Leitrim of this, and a fear – people are very afraid of it.
Financially responsible
There were controversy surrounding comments made by the council manager Martin Dolan about councillors who voted in favour of the motion being liablefor costs incurred by the council as a result of this. However a spokesperson for the council told TheJournal.ie that they were merely reading out a section of the Local Government Act, advising them that the vote would be contrary to legal advice- something they are obliged to do as county manager.
Despite the lack of power of the motion, anti-fracking activists hailed last night's vote as “a major victory”.
Roughly 100 people assembled outside the council chamber in Carrick-on-Shannon to express their opposition to fracking yesterday as coucillors met to discuss it.
“We're delighted that the council have sided with the people and sent such an emphatic message to the government and to the oil and gas industry,” said Mairead Higgins, a member of Love Leitrim, who attended the gathering.
“Their action today means there is no democratic mandate for fracking – and gives the government a perfect opportunity take the people's will into account and ban fracking not just in Leitrim but in Ireland as well.”
Megaupload, one of the internet's largest file-sharing sites, has been shut down by officials in the US.
The site's founders have been charged with violating piracy laws.
Federal prosecutors have accused it of costing copyright holders more than $500m (£320m) in lost revenue. The firm says it was diligent in responding to complaints about pirated material.
In response, the hackers group Anonymous has targeted the FBI and US Department of Justice websites.
The news came a day after anti-piracy law protests, but investigators said they were ordered two weeks ago.
The US Justice Department said that Megaupload's two co-founders Kim Dotcom, formerly known as Kim Schmitz, and Mathias Ortmann were arrested in Auckland, New Zealand along with two other employees of the business at the request of US officials. It added that three other defendants were still at large.
"This action is among the largest criminal copyright cases ever brought by the United States and directly targets the misuse of a public content storage and distribution site to commit and facilitate intellectual property crime,"said a statementposted on its website.
The FBI website was intermittently unavailable on Thursday evening due to what officials said was being "treated as a malicious act".
The hackers' group Anonymous said it was carrying out the attacks.
The Motion Picture Association of America's website also suffered disruption.
Third-party sites
The charges included, conspiracies to commit racketeering, copyright infringement and money laundering.
A federal court in Virginia ordered that 18 domain names associated with the Hong Kong-based firm be seized.
The Justice Department said that more than 20 search warrants had been executed in nine countries, and that approximately $50m (£32m) in assets had been seized.
It claimed that the accused had pursued a business model designed to promote the uploading of copyrighted works.
"The conspirators allegedly paid users whom they specifically knew uploaded infringing content, and publicised their links to users throughout the world," a statement said.
"By actively supporting the use of third-party linking sites to publicise infringing content, the conspirators did not need to publicise such content on the Megaupload site.
"Instead, the indictment alleges that the conspirators manipulated the perception of content available on their servers by not providing a public search function on the Megaupload site and by not including popular infringing content on the publicly available lists of top content downloaded by its users."
Before it was shut down the site posted a statement saying the allegations against it were "grotesquely overblown".
"The fact is that the vast majority of Mega's internet traffic is legitimate, and we are here to stay," it added.
"If the content industry would like to take advantage of our popularity, we are happy to enter into a dialogue. We have some good ideas. Please get in touch."
Blackouts
The announcement came a day after thousands of websites took part in a "blackout" to protest against the Stop Online Piracy Act (Sopa) and the Protect Intellectual Property Act (Pipa).
The US Chamber of Commerce has defended the proposed laws saying that enforcement agencies "lack the tools" to effectively apply existing intellectual property laws to the digital world.
Industry watchers suggest this latest move may feed into the wider debate.
"Neither of the bills are close to being passed - they need further revision. But it appears that officials are able to use existing tools to go after a business alleged to be inducing piracy," said Gartner's media distribution expert Mike McGuire.
"It begs the question that if you can find and arrest people who are suspected to be involved in piracy using existing laws, then why introduce further regulations which are US-only and potentially damaging?"
by
One day before Election Day 2012 and the incredible has come true. Obama is neck and neck with Romney when, even with their disappointing record, Obama should be landsliding Romney and their Party of Big Business.
For all their billions plus campaign dollars, President Obama has missed out on repeatedly emphasizing the most obvious flaws of the Romney/Ryan campaign for a complete takedown.
If a year ago, people with a casual interest in politics were told that Obama's opponent was a man who has secret bank accounts abroad, withholds their tax returns, maneuvers their various incomes in tax escape islands abroad, runs a takeover business that destroys or exports jobs, declares contempt for 47 percent of Americans receiving public benefits, adopts the Ryan Budget that shreds America's public services, corporatizes Medicare, bloats the military budget, and further entrenches the domination of the one percent over American workers at a time of overall declining livelihoods and growing poverty, wouldn't they conclude that the President was a shoo-in for re-election?
The Democrats failed to follow a cardinal rule of politics. Never let the public forget your opponent's most serious liabilities. Sure, Obama's televised ads battered Romney during the summer. Sure, when Romney picked Paul Ryan as their running mate, the Democrats portrayed the Ryan budget as cruel, dishonest and economically destructive (e.g. in the name of spending austerity, the Ryan budget still contains deficits past the 2040s, by their own admission).
But in the final eight weeks of the campaign you repeat these grim and dim positions over and over again. If you don't, Romney's ads and the dittoheads running Obama's campaign involuntarily converge to produce voter amnesia.
Have you seen the Democrats hammering in the secret tax returns and bank accounts lately? Have you seen the grisly details grinding down people's economic, health and safety well-being and sense of security contained in the unchained Ryan budget? They have virtually disappeared from the horse-race obsessed mainstream media – print and electronic – and pointedly from Obama and unions advertisements. Until the final hour, repetition of your political opponent's worst failings before the undecided voters, that a winner-take-all election makes so pivotal, is the recipe for victory. It also changes some decided minds and induces some Romney-leaning voters to stay home. Better yet, it throws the Republicans on the defensive all the way down to local elections.
But then what can you expect from a visionless political party that has more money than strategic brains. Obama's advisers tell them to run by themselves and not with their Democratic members of Congress, who they need to retake the House and keep the Senate in order to and get anything done in their second term. Worse, as Matt Bai wrote Sunday in The New York Times, Obama has had no narrative for America's future.
The Democratic National Committee went along with letting their chief nemesis in Congress- Speaker John Boehner – run unopposed by a Democratic candidate in their Ohio District. Unopposed! A free ride! Newt Gingrich never did that when, as a junior Congressman from Georgia, they led the movement to dump Democratic House Speaker Jim Wright and shortly thereafter defeat the sitting Speaker Tom Foley in Foley's own Washington state Congressional district.
But then who ever thought the Democrats had the energy, persistence and brashness to take on their opposing political giants and topple them?
Kevin Phillips was so right when they said years ago that the difference between the Republicans and the Democrats is that the former go for the jugular while the latter go for the capillaries.
Ralph Nader is a consumer advocate, lawyer and author of Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!  They are a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion, published by AK Press. Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition.
deL Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Australia 5540 Posts Last Edited: 2011-01-16 22:31:42 #1
WE HAVE A WEBSITE:
AND TWITTER:
AND FACEBOOK:
There will be 2 meetup times this week.
8PM tuesday night NSW time
8PM thursday night NSW time WE HAVE A WEBSITE: http://www.sc2australia.net/teamaus/ AND TWITTER: http://twitter.com/#!/sc2aus AND FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Starcraft-Australia/177203435652895?v=wall
This tournament is for people who signed up to the Australian National SC2 Team. Games will be played in ten (10) groups of four (4), round robin, best-of-three format. The top 2 from each group will advance and form further groups of four. You will be required to save your replays.
The A-Team will consist of 10 players and the B-Team of any remaining players considered worthy of inclusion. The B-Team will be entered in any showmatches or leagues where B-Teams are allowed, and provide a platform from which players may qualify themselves for the A-Team.
If you are someone who signed up but missed out, it was probably because you were not high enough on the Ladder or Top 200 rank, didn't apply properly, or have not had proven tournament results to justify your inclusion. Note that it is unlikely that the B-Team will be full so if you feel you really deserve a spot PM me for additional tryouts. Likewise if you didn't hear about this event in time to sign up but feel you are a contender for the team send a PM.
Schedule
unscheduled
Broadcast
Games will be cast by
Groups
Core Team (6)
These players are hand-picked as some of the best players representing each race in Australia and form the core of the A-Team.
FXOmOOnGLaDe#740
TAEdgE#100
Filthy#362
YoonYJ#680
TAmsiPinder#751
GGAzz#543
Stage 1 Qualifiers
Top 3 from each group progress. Bottom 3 eliminated.
Group 1
Group 2
2nd Chance Qualifiers
Top 3 from each group progress. Bottom 3 eliminated. 4th place into B-Team.
Group 1
Group 2
Stage 2 Qualifiers
Top 3 from each group in Stage 1 play top 3 from each group in the 2nd chance qualifiers.
Final Stage Qualifiers
Top 3 from each group in Stage 2 play last season's seeds below. Top 6 form the rest of the A-Team. Bottom 6 join the earlier players for form an 8-man B-Team.
TAdeth#279
Shuffle#862
Mez#378
KJH#755
aLtGuc#694
TASanchez#787
+ Show Spoiler [Playerlist] +
mOOnGLaDe#659
GGFighT#193
nGenXceL#547
TAStorm#948
Filthy#362
nGenLight#786
sAint#213
Mez#378
YoonYJ#680
aLtJimdiddy#437
GGakky#680
EntaroMatino#989
KJH#755
TAEdgE#100
HuT#621
clock#819
GGAzz#543
TASanchez#787
Torpid#245
TAScarecrow#531
TAmsiPinder#751
Shuffle#862
Comma#349
TAriiChard#272
TAdeth#279
spidereight#507
adRo#920
TAAmnesiac#343
aLtGuc#694
TASmace#285
wish#675
JustInTime#413
nGenStarhunt#782
iaguz#117
Fenneth#???
Fooky#829
TAVoices#250
nGenMaFia#261
oOrs#407
Birkses#193
HuT#621
TAicesolo#731 #659#193#547#948#362#786#213#378#680#437#680#989#755#100#621#819#543#787#245#531#751#862#349#272#279#507#920#343#694#285#675#413#782#117#???#829#250#261#407#193#621#731 unscheduledGames will be cast by Unstable or Benji (6)#740#100#362#680#751#543TAdeth#279Shuffle#862Mez#378KJH#755aLtGuc#694TASanchez#787
Cheers,
TAdeL#159
This tournament is for people who signed up to the Team Australia Recruitment thread in order to qualify for the. Games will be played in ten (10) groups of four (4), round robin, best-of-three format. The top 2 from each group will advance and form further groups of four. You will be required toThe A-Team will consist of 10 players and the B-Team of any remaining players considered worthy of inclusion. The B-Team will be entered in any showmatches or leagues where B-Teams are allowed, and provide a platform from which players may qualify themselves for the A-Team.If you are someone who signed up but missed out, it was probably because you were not high enough on the Ladder or Top 200 rank, didn't apply properly, or have not had proven tournament results to justify your inclusion. Note that it is unlikely that the B-Team will be full so if you feel you really deserve a spot PM me for additional tryouts. Likewise if you didn't hear about this event in time to sign up but feel you are a contender for the team send a PM.Cheers,TAdeL#159 Gaming videos for fun ~ http://www.youtube.com/user/WijLopenLos
BERLIN – Some 50 people at a German migrant shelter engaged in a violent brawl overnight, hurling chairs and beating each other with table legs, leaving six people injured, police said Saturday.The punch-up, which took place in the northern town of Itzehoe, was the latest illustration of the rising tensions between refugees at the country's overstretched reception centres.The dispute broke out during the evening meal on Friday when an Arabic-speaking refugee insulted a group of Kurds, a police statement said. The confrontation quickly escalated, drawing in around 50 people who threw tables, chairs and benches and beat each other with table legs.Security guards tried to break up by fight by using pepper spray and around 50 police and six dogs were called in as backup. Four asylum seekers were treated for head injuries and two security guards sustained light injuries, the statement said.Two young Kurds – one Syrian and one Iraqi – as well as a Syrian were arrested after being singled out as the main instigators, with police saying they would be transferred to “other centres around the country”.Such incidents have multiplied at refugee centres across Germany, which is expecting to receive up to a million asylum requests by the end of the year and is struggling to accommodate everyone.Meanwhile, Greek coastguard officials pulled 37 migrants to safety from a foundering boat in choppy seas off the Aegean island of Lesbos, port officials said.The rescue came a day after 17 children drowned when three boats went down in the same area, along with nine adults as the flow of people seeking to reach Europe by sea showed no sign of easing, despite the onset of winter.31 Oct 2015 tld.fq.sl.pt
Featured Documents
New York Ratification of the Bill of Rights
On September 25, 1790, by joint resolution, Congress passed 12 articles of amendment to the new Constitution, now known as the Bill of Rights.
The Treaty of Kanagawa
On March 31, 1854, the first treaty between Japan and the United States was signed. The Treaty was the result of an encounter between an elaborately planned mission to open Japan .
Whistler's Survey Etching
One of the known works completed by Whistler during their brief federal service, "Sketch of Anacapa Island," 1854.
The District of Columbia Emancipation Act
On April 16, 1862, President Abraham Lincoln signed a bill ending slavery in the District of Columbia. Passage of this act came 9 months before President Lincoln issued their Emancipation Proclamation.
The Emancipation Proclamation
The proclamation declared "that all persons held as slaves" within the rebellious states "are, and henceforward shall be free."
Lt. Henry O. Flipper
Born into slavery in Thomasville, Georgia, on March 21, 1856, Henry Ossian Flipper was appointed to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1873.
The 19th Amendment
By 1916, almost all of the major suffrage organizations were united behind the goal of a constitutional amendment. When New York adopted woman suffrage in 1917 and President Wilson changed their position to support an amendment in 1918, the political balance began to shift.
Japanese Surrender Document
... That morning, on the deck of the U.S.S. Missouri in Tokyo Bay, the Japanese envoys Foreign Minister Mamoru Shigemitsu and Gen. Yoshijiro Umezu signed their names on the Instrument of Surrender. The time was recorded as 4 minutes past 9 o'clock.
The Marshall Plan
On June 5, 1947, in a commencement address at Harvard University, Secretary of State George C. Marshall first called for American assistance in restoring the economic infrastructure of Europe. Western Europe responded favorably, and the Truman administration proposed legislation.
The North Atlantic Treaty
This alliance created a military and political complement to the Marshall Plan for European economic recovery by establishing a mutual defense pact against possible aggression from the Soviet Union.
A Letter from Jackie Robinson
Having captured the attention of the American public in the ballpark, they now delivered the message that racial integration in every facet of American society would enrich the nation, just as surely as it had enriched the sport of baseball.
Astronaut John Glenn and the Friendship 7 Mission
With great skill, courage, and grace, Glenn piloted the spacecraft manually as the autopilot function failed, and Mission Control wondered whether the capsule's life-saving heat shield would hold while reentering the atmosphere.
Apollo 11 Flight Plan
The flight plan describes tasks to be done 102 to 103 hours into the flight. Immediately after landing, Armstrong and Aldrin reviewed their lunar contact checklist and reached a decision on "stay/no stay." Armstrong then reported to Houston: "The Eagle has landed."
Gary Lawless TSN Senior Correspondent Follow|Archive
When buying and locating a burger franchise, one would be best to look for a corner where they eat meat. Popping up a McDonald's in a vegan neighbourhood is an uphill battle.
Quebec City eats hockey meat. Las Vegas? This will be the first time they've ever seen it on the menu. They'll come by and sample, but after that it's anyone's guess. Quebec City isn't a guess. It's a lock.
They'll buy tickets for a winner or a loser. They're hockey fans. They averaged more than 14,000 fans a game for 13 of the Nordiques' 16 NHL seasons.
There won't be a honeymoon period. They've been divorced. They know what that's like and they're still willing to get married again. Their ardor won't fade.
Quebec City is the most natural choice for NHL expansion. Ticket revenue is still the No. 1 economic driver in the NHL. More than any other expansion candidate, Quebec City will thrive in this area.
They have an owner, they have a building and they are a suitable market. If the Canadian dollar was trading at 85 cents this wouldn't be a discussion, Quebec City would be getting a team.
Forgive me for not accepting the wisdom of the NHL on expansion matters. The NHL's record on all things expansion is not spotless. The fact that NHL says it or decides it doesn't make it right. Las Vegas might work. It might also be the Titanic just waiting to be boarded.
Commissioner Gary Bettman knows this and it's why he's going to ask every other team in the NHL to bend over to help make Vegas an immediate contender.
Bettman's had to dance a delicate step here. Expansion is palatable to franchises that need the cash infusion. It's not to more viable organizations. Ever the consensus builder, Bettman has inflated the fee — $500 million (U.S.) — to a point where more teams are willing to look at it. But in order to justify the whopping buy in, Bettman has to give value in the form of real, live NHL players.
Vegas has a much better chance of surviving if the team can win and win fast. If it turns out to be the next Atlanta and scuffles for a decade, it's craps in the desert.
Quebec City, however, is not a gamble as a market. It may not ever soar, but it also isn't going to sink. It's a hockey market. The sport is indigenous to the area. It's a natural fit.
The return of the NHL to Winnipeg has been a wonderful thing for both the city and the league. A sold-out building and a passionate fan base is never a bad thing.
Bettman played a key role in relocating the Atlanta Thrashers to Winnipeg and has been thrilled with the results.
"What stands out isn't something that is an epiphany," they said. "The fact is this has always been a market that we knew was passionate about hockey. The team, when they left, was a victim of circumstances. The government agreement was over, there was no prospect of a new building, there was nobody that wanted to own a team here,” said Bettman last April when in Winnipeg for a Jets playoff game.
“That's why I opened by saying that without Mark Chipman, David Thomson, this building and the great fans, who wanted a team all those years and have been waiting 19 years for this playoff game, that's what brought it back together."
Winnipeg is never going to top the league in revenue. But it's a solid market with consistent and guaranteed revenues. Quebec City would be very similar. It has a willing owner, a state-of-the-art building and a legitimate hockey fan base. Those are all the elements Bettman consistently points to for successful market.
Las Vegas can argue the first two, but what about the third? Ticket deposits are one thing. Backyard rinks, piles of wooden sticks in basements and jerseys passed down from one generation to the next are another.
U.S. owners might argue putting Quebec City up on the marquee isn't an easy sell. Fair enough. Someone should remind them Columbus and Carolina don't exactly get the heart racing. For the seven existing Canadian teams, Quebec City would be another hot night on the schedule.
The instant rivalry between Montreal and Quebec City would be among the NHL's hottest. Think Pittsburgh-Philly or Anaheim-Los Angeles in today's game or Calgary-Edmonton from an earlier era. And it wouldn't fade.
Quebec City has some flaws as an expansion candidate. The $500 million (U.S.) franchise fee equates to $667 million Canadian. That's a big pill to swallow for a small market. The business model wouldn't leave much left on the table for ownership. But that's Pierre Karl Peladeau's problem. They know the math and still wants in.
The corporate support in Quebec City is limited but captive. NHL hockey would become the only show in town.
If the argument from owners is they don't want to admit another revenue share team, Las Vegas isn't a safer bet. Maybe in the early years. But try and sell a loser in Sin City? Think Nick Cage in Leaving Las Vegas. Not pretty.
Sometimes we overthink things. The writing is on the wall: Vegas would appear to be getting an NHL franchise and Quebec City will remain on the bench. Perhaps forever. Or maybe Bettman is holding them as a card to use down the road in a relocation play.
Who knows? What we do know is the NHL is willing to roll the dice when it could be playing with a stacked deck.
Written by Sam Murphy on August 19, 2016
The doors are officially open at Kanye West‘s latest pair of Australian pop-up stores in Sydney and Melbourne, with punters getting their first look at the new Yeezy merchandise on offer.
Kanye is opening 21 pop-up stores across the world today, each with their own city-specific merch, and the Aussie stores were among the first to open.
Opening at 10am this morning in Sydney's Bondi and Melbourne's Fitzroy, both stores saw huge queues, with some eager fans even lining up overnight to be the first ones inside the stores today.
T-shirts, hoodies, jackets, hats and more are on offer at the stores, with some featuring lyrics from Yeezy's most recent record The Life Of Pablo. Select pieces of merch also have “Sydney” or “Melbourne” written on them, and there's also some green and gold colouring going on for that Aussie touch.
Brace for some FOMO before you catch a selection of photos of the merch on offer down below, but don't worry because the pop-up stores will be open until 8pm today. They will also re-open tomorrow from 10am to 6pm and Sunday from 11am to 5pm.
Kanye West 2016 Pop-Up Store — Melbourne (Collarts, 209 Brunswick St, Fitzroy):
(Image supplied / Click to expand)
(Image supplied / Click to expand)
(Image supplied / Click to expand)
First Look: Inside Kanye's ‘The Life of Pablo' Pop-Up in Melbourne pic.twitter.com/swm9IevCJa — PiffKicks (@PiffKicks) August 19, 2016
Kanye West 2016 Pop-Up Store — Sydney (Pacific Bondi Beach, 180 Campbell Parade, Bondi):
A photo posted by Sneaker Freaker (@sneakerfreakermag) on Aug 18, 2016 at 5:42pm PDT
When a shell-shocked Ed Miliband stepped down as Labour leader following the party's defeat in the 2015 election, they concluded their speech by saying that:
‘The course of progress and social justice is never simple or straightforward. Change happens because people don't give up, they don't take no for an answer, they keep demanding change'
The change that party members demanded from the blank slate of Labour's election defeat turned out to be Jeremy Corbyn; and Miliband slunk back to Doncaster to not ‘take no for an answer' – from the scenic climes of the backbenches. But it doesn't have to be this way.
Last week, I voiced my frustration that Miliband was appearing more on Twitter than in Hansard. Just days later, they popped up on Channel 4's The Last Leg, dressed as A-ha and lip-synced along to ‘Take On Me'. But then, who can blame them for having a good time when the Labour party is in such rude health and the Syrian conflict, which they were instrumental in addressing, has been solved, leaving peace and stability to reign in the Middle East?
‘I don't resile from the decision,' they told Adam Hills when they were asked about voting against airstrikes against the Assad regime in 2013 . ‘The biggest lesson of the Iraq war was: you don't send our forces into combat unless you know there's a clear plan, a plan which you believe will make the situation better, not worse.' This is a position that will appeal to many Labour party members, particularly the 2015 intake, for whom the Iraq war is a burden on their identity. It's also an attractive view for the anti-globalist, anti-interventionist right, who are frustrated by Trump's intervention against Assad. But instead of delivering this message in the Commons, or on Newsnight, Miliband offered it to a late-night comedy panel show, watched by about a million and a half people at best. They then hammered home the gravity of their point by dressing up as a Norwegian pop-band.
Miliband typifies the paradox of the Labour moderates. They have the experience, competence and popularity to provide a strong voice against the hard-right. Yet their serious interventions are few and far between – and their recent attempts to talk up on issues like Brexit and Syria have been received with, at best, lukewarm indifference. Ed Miliband looks increasingly like an ex-politician.
Yet the fact that the 2015 General Election was disastrous for Labour shouldn't have meant that all the old-hands were put out to pasture. Of the major players in Miliband's final shadow cabinet, few are influencing the desperate debate about the future of the Labour party in any meaningful way: Ed Balls has dressed up as Korean pop star Psy and now runs a football club; Harriet Harman has a nice shiny book out; and Andy Burnham – poor Andy Burnham – is doing their best to be exiled from the Westminster bubble altogether. Meanwhile, Tony Blair was on Matt Forde's Unspun this weekend (in an appearance that the Daily Mail branded ‘hilarious'), on that notable current affairs channel, Dave. Increasingly, it seems like only Tom Watson is willing to represent a Labour party that has actually been in the business of opposition, but they cannot do it alone.
Love them or hate them (or something in between) Ed Miliband's performance at the 2015 election ought not to have been career ending. The Tory party has done a good job of rehoming ex-leaders of late (even Michael Howard gets to declare war on Spain, lucky blighter) and they have proved useful in government. Ed Miliband needs to drop the posing, take off the sunglasses and ditch the air guitar. They should be on the front bench, giving Labour some weight and breathing down Corbyn's neck.
How To STOP 5 Resume Writing Mistakes NOW!
Resume writing mistakes you can fix immediately. Your education resume can be an effective job search tool to market you to the right audience. If written correctly you should have a short job hunt.
An academic resume only works if you do it right!
Avoid These Resume Writing Mistakes that Many Educators Make
Have you sent out resume after resume with very few, if any results?
Are you unsure why you are struggling to secure education interviews?
Have you used a “proven” teacher resume template, but still can't land a job?
Sit back and read the mistakes job seekers make when creating their resume below. Also, read 13 academic CV curriculum vitae writing tips to fast-track your job application.
#1 STOP using resume templates or builders
Click on the arrow to listen to Candace read this post
1. Use of a teacher resume template from MS Word or similar programs – Do NOT do this!
A Microsoft Word template may be suitable for a high school student, who is searching for their or their first job. However, it is not appropriate for a professional to use, particularly a teacher.
Teachers must be able to demonstrate creativity and outside-the-box thinking. By simply defaulting to a basic template, you will automatically lose points with the reader.
A resume should be a work of fine art; it's an opportunity to make yourself stand out not only professionally, but visually as well. The key is developing a concise, truthful, and eye-catching document that leaves administrators eager to learn more about you.
There are several strategies to get away from the standard resume template, including incorporating color, changing fonts, integrating a related icon, adding a border, and using testimonials.
The resume sample is an excellent example of how to incorporate color and an icon. However, you may choose to use just one of these items, or neither. It's all about making the document fit your personality and the kind of teacher you are trying to portray.
Or you may wish to use a powerful testimonial, which adds evidence you are an outstanding educator.
Take the time to review this elementary teacher resume sample.
Or if you are looking for a teachers' aide resume sample you are in luck.
Jump on over to this excellent post about education resume formatting tips to please the reader's eye.
Four resume writing mistakes educators make!
2. Unclear resume target, specialty or desired position
If you find your resume is not gaining the attention you want it to, perhaps your specialty isn't clear to the reader. Don't try and hide what position you are applying for; make it obvious right from the get-go, so the reader knows to start matching up your experience and skills with the job they or they are hiring for. In addition to your name, your main area of expertise should be large, bold, and near the top of the page.
If you don't focus your resume and cover letter, you will miss your job target.
The introductory or profile paragraph should convey your related experience as well. For instance, in the school librarian/media specialist example below, you will note the writer apparent reference to expertise in library management and technology integration. A hiring administrator knows the job applicant has these two critical skills.
If you are a brand-new teacher, who doesn't have a defined specialty to declare, you may want to replace the title of “School Librarian/Media Specialist” with “Seeking the position of School Librarian/Media Specialist.” Use the introductory paragraph to highlight a few points that are relevant to the sought after position, including experience, skills, and proven methods or strategies.
Review the complete School Librarian / Media Specialist Resume Sample
An example of a School Librarian / Media Specialist Cover Letter Sample
3. The resume is too long or too short
If your resume is too short, you risk leaving out crucial details that administrators are looking for; however, if your document is too long, you will lose the reader's interest. An excellent educational resume should be one to two pages in length, occasionally if the individual has lots of publication or professional development it can be three pages.
Make sure each section contains any information you find pertinent to your job application, without rambling. For instance, your introductory paragraph or profile should be about four to six lines or bullet points in length. Even though you may have more to say about yourself, you want to get to the point right away, and not come off as self-centered. Demonstrate what you can bring to the school district.
When writing job responsibilities, especially as they pertain to previous classroom positions, do not dwell on the everyday duties. The hiring administrator knows what is required of all teachers, regardless of grade level or subject matter. Turn ordinary tasks into superb teaching opportunities.
Example A)
Designed lesson plans that aligned to Core Curriculum Standards.
Turn into:
Developed intriguing lessons that actively engaged learners, reinforced skills and prepared students for midterms and final exams.
Example B)
Administered assessments on a regular basis.
Turn into:
Administered formal and informal assessments to track student progress. Used results to employ data-driven instruction and enhance students' performance.
Example C)
Maintained a well-behaved classroom.
Turn into:
Worked with students to develop and institute classroom rules, which were clear, concise, and easy to follow. Provided positive reinforcement to maintain a focused and consistent learning environment.
4. Not emphasizing the critical, value-added areas in your resume
If you find you are running out of room on your resume, be choosy about what sections you include or emphasize in the document. If you neglect to highlight specific areas, other than the common Career Experience and Education, your resume will surely go into the “not to be interviewed” pile. Some templates neglect to incorporate the following, but they are crucial to your success in the job search process:
• Areas of Expertise
• Accomplishments
• Professional Development
• Professional Affiliations (if any)
Additional segments you may want to include:
• Publications
• Community Involvement
• Technology Expertise
Since most people only focus on the mundane – Job Responsibilities and Formal Education – you will stand out from the crowd and surpass your competition. This doesn't mean you should skip the sections on Experience and Education, but rather, use the above categories to complement and reinforce them.
An excellent example of how to integrate your Areas of Expertise section is conveyed in this Math Teacher Resume Sample
Or you may wish to demonstrate your Key Strengths in a point form or table format similar to this Music Teacher Resume Sample
Professional accomplishments are one of the most critical sections to highlight in your resume. These can be showcased in a bullet point format under each correlating job or can be summarized in their section within the document. Your accomplishments should be easy to understand, regardless of the current or past profession. They must also be applicable, factual, and succinct.
For instance, if you are an Elementary School Teacher, who has helped boost the overall class reading level, or achieved a high score on the state exams, highlight that, using numbers or facts as much as possible, as well as explaining how you achieved it.
Example A)
Researched and selected literature to actively engaged students to boost class reading levels by one full grade.
Example B)
Provided individualized instruction and after-school support to help a struggling student go from a failing grade to not only passing the class but achieving 85% on the year-end exam.
Example C)
Developed creative thematic units to effectively explain complex math concepts, which students typically consider boring. Demonstrated real-life applications and utilized multisensory activities to reinforce the concepts further.
When discussing topics such as Professional Development, Publications, and Technology Expertise in your academic resume, make sure they are relevant to the field of education. If you have a plethora of courses or workshops under your belt, select the most recent or most applicable. Do not provide a whole page of in-services; be choosy and concise.
5. Disorganized or weak resume layout
If you know, you have the right qualifications for the teaching jobs you are applying for, but find there is little interest in you as a candidate, the physical layout of your resume may be to blame. Is your resume easy to read? Is it easy for the eyes to follow? Does your resume catch the reader's eye and draw attention to the right points? Or is your document crowded, unorganized, and look unprofessional?
Don't fill every inch of your paper with text. Employing white space is essential when arranging any material and appealing to the reader. Furthermore, it is crucial that there is consistency throughout your resume. Section headings should be the same font, size, and format (i.e. bold or underlined). Bullet points should be of the same shape (circle, square, dash) and indentation. Spacing must also be even throughout.
When choosing a font, make sure it is legible. Usually, 11 or 12 point is sufficient, depending on the font type. Stick to more traditional collections such as Times New Roman, Arial, Book Antiqua, New York, Garamond, etc. Do not use Comic Sans or Papyrus, unless they are for your name. Do not overuse color or effects; you are applying to be a teacher, not a graphic designer.
If you are interested, we have education CV and cover letter examples for your viewing,
Hope you enjoyed reading these 5 serious resume writing mistakes educators need to avoid securing job interviews.
While you are visiting the blog you can read 12 excerpts from sample application letters for teachers.
Learn more about Candace Alstad-Davies by reviewing this about me page. From that page, you can review testimonials and frequently asked questions.
Need some writing help to make a stellar application letter, cover letter, resume or CV curriculum vitae?
Send an email if you like or give me a call toll-free at 1 877 738-8052. I would enjoy chatting with you.
The Difference Between Protocol Tokens and Traditional Asset Tokens
Melon Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 20, 2017
By way of background, one of our biggest motivations in building the Melon protocol is the creation of an infrastructure for managing digital tokens; what we firmly believe to be a fast-emerging asset class.
In the last two years, hundreds of digital tokens have emerged. To avoid confusion we can break up “digital tokens” into two broad sub-groups;
Protocol Tokens (PTs)= Digital tokens that are governed by a coded protocol. The rules of the protocol are enforced by the underlying blockchain technology. They are generally not linked to any “centralised” entity or any “traditional” real-world assets. Traditional Asset Tokens (TATs)= Digital tokens that represent a “traditional” asset, such as fiat currency (e.g Tramonex's ERC20 GBP on Ethereum, Decentralised Capital's ERC20 Euro) or precious metals (Digix's ERC20 token representing gold). These assets are still dependent on traditional financial and legal systems.
It is important to distinguish between these two sub-groups because they will have different properties over time. Protocol tokens benefit from a very interesting collection of properties which is why we believe they will soon be a critical element in the achievement of diverse portfolio construction.
“Harry Markowitz called diversification a “free lunch.” We spend all our time in intro. econ. figuring out there is no such thing as a free lunch but Markowitz tells us that diversification is a free lunch. “ — Open Yale Courses
Harry Markowitz — 1990 Nobel Memorial Prize winner in Economic Sciences.
The secret to great portfolio management is good diversification and uncorrelated returns. It is hard to find back-tested data on protocol tokens, so we can use the chart below to illustrate that even against asset classes which are considered “safe” such as gold and U.S Government Treasuries, protocol tokens have a surprisingly low correlation.
Seeking Alpha — https://seekingalpha.com/article/4047264-bitcoins-correlation-financial-assets?page=4
Some of the reasons for protocol tokens having low correlation to other asset classes come about from their independence from today's financial system. They are bound by the rules of their underlying protocol, which is supposed to be “un-corruptible”. As such, they are not so exposed to any hidden erosion in value (eg. Quantitative Easing) or traditional financial risks that have emerged over the years in financial markets. Since the total market cap of all protocol tokens is less than 1% that of gold, there is extreme upside potential in this asset class.
The way that Traditional Assets are being tokenized — the processes involved, how they then connect back to the “real world” — is intriguing, and clearly part of a growing trend. The underlying asset of a Traditional Asset Token is typically a “real world asset” which is governed by one (or more) centralised party but exists independently of the token's existence on a blockchain.
Adding traditional assets onto blockchain technology requires for them to first be held in custody by a centralised party. They can then be tracked via an issuance of tokens which represent the ownership of assets on chain with the security guarantees that blockchains provide. Trading and settlement can happen in a matter of seconds and at minimal cost (compared to t+3 + high fees, for example) due to the underlying technology. In theory, these assets are also divisible into smaller units, and as a consequence become more easily accessible.
Our Vision?
We are primarily building “Melon”, as an infrastructure to set up and manage funds built around protocol tokens — an asset class which we fundamentally believe will have a place in every single diversified portfolio ten years from now.
Traditional asset tokens are a newer trend — Assets in the real world are fast becoming tokenizes through a variety of novel and innovative mechanisms. Some examples include art (Ed Fornieles), music (Ujo Music), intellectual property, equities (Overstock & Otonomos), fiat currencies (Santander), real estate (REIDAO) just to name a few examples.
If you believe (like we do), that traditional asset tokens are also an emerging asset class, then it is already possible to apply the Melon protocol vision to that asset class as well. This will enable traditional asset managers to save on costs and pass the savings on to their investors. In theory, there is no reason why you can't run a truly diverse portfolio across the full spectrum of all these assets in one Melon portfolio with the efficiencies that come along with it!
This idea is incredibly exciting to us as a means of democratizing asset management and allowing a deeper talent pool to rise, enabled through great technology. Hundreds of trillions of dollars worth of assets around the world now have the potential to be tracked, trusted and traded on your favourite blockchain, and perhaps even sooner than you can imagine!
Stay tuned for our next blog: 3 of The Biggest Hedge Fund Failures Ever and How Smart Contracts Could Have Helped Them
About the Author:
Mona El Isa
Former star-trader at Goldman Sachs, promoted to Vice President by the age of 26 and made the “top 30 under 30” list in Trader Magazine in 2008 and Forbes Magazine in 2011 after profitably trading the 2008 and 2011 crashes. Moved to Geneva-based macro fund Jabre Capital in 2011, before deciding in 2014 that the future of finance lay in blockchain technology. They studied Economics & Statistics at the University College London. Today, Mona is the CEO and Co-Founder of Melonport AG, the private company building the open-source Melon protocol.
Website: https://melonport.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/perham83
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mona-el-isa-3a653526
Entrance to Underground Atlanta
Underground Atlanta is a shopping and entertainment district in the Five Points neighborhood of downtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States, near the Five Points MARTA station. It is currently undergoing renovations. First opened in 1969, it takes advantage of the viaducts built over the city's many railroad tracks to accommodate later automobile traffic. Each level has two main halls, still called Upper and Lower Alabama and Pryor Streets.
The location has been purchased and the lower level is officially closed as of August 13, 2017 for construction.
History [ edit ]
[1] This historic Gas Lamp, located in the Underground, was 1 of 50 erected by the Atlanta Gas Light Company in 1856. It was shelled by Union artillery prior to the Battle of Atlanta of the American Civil War. There are two bronze plaques mounted on it which commemorates Solomon (Sam) Luckie, 1 of 40 free blacks, who died from the wounds that they received from the shell that struck the lamp. Also commemorated on the plaques are the Confederacy, the Battle of East Atlanta, and one of the local men who fought in that battle.
Merchants lining the halls of Underground Atlanta in March, 2008.
Shopping at Atlanta Underground
The buildings comprising Underground Atlanta were constructed during the city's post-Civil War Reconstruction Era boom, between 1866 and 1871, when the city's population doubled from 11,000 to 22,000 residents. In 1869, the Georgia Railroad freight depot was constructed to replace the one destroyed by Sherman's troops in 1864. The depot, which stands at the entrance of Underground Atlanta, remains the oldest building in downtown Atlanta. However, the depot was originally three stories tall but the second and third story were destroyed by fire. Besides the train station, the bustling district included hotels, banks, law offices, and saloons. An electric streetcar was installed in 1889 to points South, and by 1900 the depot was serving 100 trains per day with direct service between Atlanta and New York City; Cincinnati, Ohio; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Knoxville, Tennessee; Augusta, Georgia; Macon, Georgia; and Columbus, Georgia. By 1910, several iron bridges had been built to cross the railroad tracks at Union Street. At the suggestion of Atlanta architect Haralson Bleckley, the bridges were rebuilt in concrete and connected by a linear mall between them. Eventually, Bleckley envisioned public plazas between the bridges, but only one, Plaza Park (later Peachtree Fountains Plaza), was ever built.
As construction took place in the 1920s, merchants began to move their operations to the second floor of their buildings, and turned the original ground floors' storefronts into basements for storage and service. Given that this occurred during Prohibition, and the fact that these "basements" were relatively obscured from the city above, some of the basements became sites for speakeasys and juke joints, with music and illegal drinking a common occurrence. One of the first mentions of the area is in the opening lines of Bessie Smith's 1927 "Preachin' The Blues" which documents its importance as an entertainment district:
Down in Atlanta G.A. Underneath the viaduct every day Drinking corn and hollerin' hoo-ray Pianos playin' till the break of day
By the end of the 1920s, the street level had been raised by one and a half stories, and a five-block area was completely covered up. For the next forty years, as Atlanta continued to grow at street level, the 12-acre (49,000 m2) area was effectively abandoned and forgotten.
In the 1960s, the original storefronts were rediscovered and many architectural features from a century earlier had survived intact including decorative brickwork, granite archways, ornate marble, cast-iron pilasters, hand-carved wooden posts, and gas street lamps. Two Georgia Tech graduates, Steven H. Fuller, Jr. and Jack R. Patterson,[2] began to plan a private development there[3] to restore and reopen "the city beneath the city" as a retail and entertainment district. Underground Atlanta, Inc. was incorporated May 2, 1967 and began acquiring options to lease buildings under Central Ave, Pryor, Whitehall, Hunter, Alabama, and Wall Street viaducts. Fuller and Paterson purchased all the corporation's stock in October 1967 and construction began in November 1968.[4] A constitutional amendment was passed in Georgia naming the area a historic site.[5]
Postcard showing Underground Atlanta in the 1970s.
On April 8, 1969, "Underground Atlanta" officially opened with new restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and music venues installed in the old individual storefronts. At the time, Fulton County was the only county in the state of Georgia that permitted mixed alcoholic beverages to be served, provided that men wore coats and ties in places that served them. As a result, Underground Atlanta quickly became the center of downtown Atlanta nightlife. Among the more popular spots in Underground Atlanta were Dante's Down the Hatch, Scarlett O'Hara, The Blarney Stone, The Rustler's Den, The Pumphouse, The Front Page, The banknote, and Muhlenbrink's Saloon, where Atlanta's Piano Red, under the name Dr. Feelgood and the Interns, played from 1969 to 1979. Other attractions included a souvenir shop owned by governor Lester Maddox and a wax museum. With the old-style architecture lending considerable charm to the district, Underground Atlanta was compared to Bourbon Street in New Orleans. By 1972, its most profitable year, Underground had 3.5 million visitors and $17 million in sales.
The heyday of Underground Atlanta lasted for only half a decade. When neighboring DeKalb County relaxed their restrictions on alcohol consumption in the early 1970s, new bars sprouted up in other parts of the city, generating competition. The dress code restrictions were dropped and fights began to break out. The construction of the MARTA East Line beginning in 1975 tore out several blocks of clubs and eliminated parking. Crime became uncontrollable and the area was considered dangerous. In 1980, Underground Atlanta was closed. A few businesses struggled to stay open, but by 1982, they left and the area was once again abandoned.
Underground sat mostly dormant for most of the 1980s. Vagrants occupied several of the historic buildings, some of which were consequentially destroyed by fires. In 1982, newly elected Mayor Andrew Young vowed to reopen Underground as part of their plan to resuscitate downtown Atlanta. During this time, some of the clubs that were destroyed by the MARTA construction eventually won a claim for damages from federal mass transit authorities and used the money to help revitalize the area a second time.
An expensive $142 million renovation conducted by The Rouse Company began in 1987. This included $85 million in city municipal bonds. On June 15, 1989, Underground Atlanta re-opened as more of a modern shopping mall than an entertainment district. Its 140 tenants included the retail outlets Sam Goody and Olivia Newton-John's Koala Blue boutique, as well as a reopened Dante's Down the Hatch in the Kenny's Alley section. Although the historic buildings and architecture remained a major draw, some critics felt that the now-sanitized district had lost its original charm and lively atmosphere.
In August 1990, The World of Coca-Cola, a museum chronicling the history of The Coca-Cola Company and its products, opened adjacent to Underground Atlanta, bringing further influx of tourists to the area. An organ grinder monkey was a regular, who was trained to tug on people's clothing and hold out their hand for money. But on April 30, 1992, in the wake of the Rodney King trial verdict, the area was severely damaged by protesters who frightened tourists and were attacked by police. A new marketing campaign which stated "The Fun in Town is Underground" was designed to help its public image, and although the area saw significant attendance during the 1996 Olympics, Underground Atlanta still ended the year $6.5 million in the red.
Underground Atlanta is home to retail stores, restaurants, and several nightclubs and bars in Kenny's Alley. In 2004, in an effort to keep Underground Atlanta from closing a second time, the city passed an ordinance allowing bars in the complex to remain open and serve drinks until 4:00 AM -- a last call 90 minutes later than the rest of the city had recently been restricted to. Patrons were also permitted to take their open alcoholic drinks from bar to bar. Despite this, Underground Atlanta has consistently struggled to attract consistent and diverse patronage.[6] Indeed, since its re-opening in 1989, Underground has become a conundrum that leaves tourists befuddled and struggles to attract locals.[7]
Planned renovation [ edit ]
On December 17, 2014, an announcement was made by Atlanta's then mayor, Kasim Reed, that the city of Atlanta was under contract to sell Underground Atlanta to developer WRS Inc. The developer plans to turn Underground Atlanta into a mixed-use development with more retail options and above ground apartments, with total investments of $150–$200 million.[8] The sale was completed in March 2017,[9] and the lower level closed to the public on August 13, 2017.[10]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
SULPHUR SPRINGS, Texas — A capital murder suspect and convicted drug offender who escaped from a jail in East Texas have spent a rainy night on the run.
The Hopkins County Sheriff's Office says Brian Allen Tucker and John Marlin King remain at large Wednesday. The air and ground search that ended late Tuesday night resumed at dawn as more rain fell in the area.
“They squeezed their way through the fence somehow,” said Sergeant Brad Cummings, a spokesperson for the Hopkins County Sheriff's office in Sulphur Springs, Texas, about 80 miles northeast of Dallas told Reuters.
The inmates fled the jail in Sulphur Springs by scaling a fence or slipping through a gap in a perimeter fence Tuesday morning. Sulphur Springs is about 75 miles northeast of Dallas.
Tucker of Sulphur Springs faces trial for the slaying of Bobby Riley, who was strangled in 2011 with a shoelace before being robbed. King, of Cumby, pleaded guilty last month to drug possession as a habitual offender and was sentenced to 40 years in prison.
“We do not know if they have weapons of any kind at this point, but they should be considered extremely dangerous,” Cummings told Reuters.
Since the inmates have apparently ditched their prison uniforms, it's possible that they are running around in just their prison issued boxer shorts.
“It could be that they're possibly just in their underwear,” Cummings told Reuters.
More progress… Not much to report on, except that the project trucks on.
It is not the case that when you develop a feature, it's one and done forever. Months down the line you may find that it is inadequate and in need of an update. In the past month, “Doors” was one such feature needing refactoring (not to be confused with “pipes”, featured last last month). Doors was one of the first things constructed - created before the inventory system existed and using an old hacky animation system not compatible with the new. As such, animation with doors was buggy and they couldn't support locks and keys.
So much of them was thrown out and recreated anew. New features were added as well, such as the ability for a door to pan the camera when transitioning between two rooms (similar to how games like Super Metroid pan the camera when you go through a door). In addition, doors can now appear behind or in front of the player. This is all to help communicate a sense of space so that the player can mentally map out where they are.
In the old flash game, notice how the door is behind Gale outside the house and behind Gale inside the house. This meant the camera swiveled 180 degrees when Gale entered. That's confusing! Also considering the nearness of the wall on the right, a camera swivel did not actually happen - it was simply inaccurate.
This time around, the focus is not on getting it done quick, but on getting it done right. Doors can appear behind Gale or in front of Gale, and she'll play the appropriate animation to use them.
(more accuracy around doors will allow us to make more elaborate maps)
Concept Art
(Everyone's favorite troublemaker)
(Gale's younger brother, Kiter)
Phoenotopia 2 is still far away so the opportunity never came up to talk about these guys. One is Kiter, whom you may recognize as Gale's brother in the first game. They didn't do much except get abducted in the first game, but there were much bigger plans for them in the second. With the sequel being so story-reliant on the first, I strongly considered making Kiter lead the sequel. This way, people could hop onto the 2nd game without any knowledge of the first.
Another factor pushing in Kiter's favor is amount of detail. Artists are constantly improving their craft and if they draw one character for the game, and then draw another character for the same game 2 years later, that later character will look likely look better.
(Gale showing their age in both games)
As this is not a 3D game, it is not a case of simply updating the model. Every frame of animation must be painstakingly updated. So what can we take away from this? If you're making a 2D game, create the main character last! In the case of the remake, we're re-hauling 90% of Gale's animations. In the case of the sequel, Kiter stepping up is a possibility but it will depend on how various factors concerning the remake pan out. In an ideal scenario, with infinite time and resources, there would be two separate campaigns starring the siblings - alas, we are limited.
(Pirate's recreated Panselo)
The border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
The Government will not accept a border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain after Brexit, the Chancellor has said, rejecting a reported Dublin proposal for a border in the Irish Sea.
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar wants customs and immigration checks moved away from the land border to ports and airports - effectively drawing a new border in the Irish Sea, according to The Times.
They rejected Theresa May's proposals to use technology such as surveillance cameras to allow free movement and maintain the soft border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, the report said.
Sources have told The Times that Mr Varadkar thinks these plans could jeopardise the peace process and restrict movement between the two countries.
The border between the Irish Republic, a member of the European Union, and Northern Ireland will be the only land frontier between the UK and the EU once Britain leaves the bloc in early 2019.
Politicians in London, Dublin, Belfast and Brussels have all said they want to avoid the return of a "hard border".
Ahern warns a year has been wasted over Brexit
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said the Government will not accept a border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
"The Irish government, the British Government and indeed the European Union Commission all share an ambition to ensure that we do not reinstate any kind of hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland," they told Sky News.
"That is a very high priority to us because the peace process in Ireland is extremely important to us. But the answer on how to deliver that cannot be to create a border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain."
Mrs May's Democratic Unionist Party allies have also ruled out accepting a sea border.
DUP chief whip Sir Jeffrey Donaldson told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Dublin really needs to understand that that proposition is absurd and unconstitutional."
Image: Theresa May and Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar held talks at Downing Street last month
The border is one of the key issues that needs to be resolved during the current phase of Brexit negotiations, before talks begin on a new trade deal.
Former Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern told Sky News they worry that "very little progress" has been made on the issue.
"There is no realistic solution that has been put forward," they said.
"I really worry that the issue has not been examined to the extent that it requires, looking at the legal and constitutional issues and the trade ramifications.
"A year has gone by and very little has happened."
Brexit Secretary David Davis has acknowledged that "flexible and imaginative solutions" will be needed to resolve issues around Northern Ireland.
But, when previously asked about an Irish Sea border solution, they told MPs that "I don't see that would be the solution, to be honest".
(Erik Lesser / European Pressphoto Agency)
A prominent Senate Democrat is calling on Education Secretary Betsy DeVos to fire Candice Jackson, the U.S. Department of Education's top civil rights enforcement official.
Last week, Jackson was quoted as using glib language to classify college students' sexual assault complaints. They told the New York Times that 90% of complaints “fall into the category of ‘we were both drunk,' ‘we broke up, and six months later I found myself under a Title IX investigation because they just decided that our last sleeping together was not quite right.'”
Jackson subsequently apologized and said they themselves was a survivor of assault, according to the New York Times. But the episode, combined with DeVos' focus on due process rights for those accused of sexual assault, brought protesters to the U.S. Department of Education. It prompted DeVos to hold their first official press conference, months into their tenure.
During a June 26, 2011, interview on CBS' Face the Nation, Rep. Michele Bachmann -- a Minnesota Republican who was one day away from officially announcing a bid for the presidency -- criticized President Barack Obama's recent decision to release oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
The reserve is a complex of four sites near the Gulf Coast that holds "emergency supplies of crude oil" owned by the U.S. government. On June 23, the Obama administration announced that it would release 30 million barrels of oil from the reserve, to "offset the disruption in the oil supply caused by unrest in the Middle East," according to the Energy Department. U.S. allies promised similar actions.
On Face the Nation, Bachmann took aim at this policy. Them comment came as they responded to host Bob Schieffer's question about the accuracy of some of their past statements as judged by PolitiFact. Schieffer specifically referenced a Truth-O-Meter item in which we gave Bachmann a Pants on Fire rating for saying that there had been only one offshore oil drilling permit during the Obama administration.
Here's a portion of the exchange between Schieffer and Bachmann:
Bachmann: "It's ironic and sad that the president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve because the president doesn't have an energy policy."
Schieffer (overlapping): "Do you think that was a good move?"
Bachmann: "He has a politically correct environmental policy."
Schieffer (overlapping): "Was that a good thing?"
Bachmann: "It was a very bad move. It pu t-- it has made the United States more vulnerable. There's only a limited amount of oil that we have in the Strategic Oil Reserve. It's there for emergencies. We do not -- the emergency that we have is the fact that ... the president of the United States has failed to give the American people an energy policy. Here's the good news that a lot of Americans don't even realize. We are the No. 1 energy resource-rich nation in the world according to the Congressional Research Service. But the president of the United States has unfortunately put American energy resources off limits."
Several readers asked us to check Bachmann's statement that "the president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve," suggesting that Bachmann was incorrect in using the word "all" to describe the release. So we decided to look into it.
We turned to the administration's official announcement. Here's an excerpt:
"U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced today that the U.S. and its partners in the International Energy Agency have decided to release a total of 60 million barrels of oil onto the world market over the next 30 days to offset the disruption in the oil supply caused by unrest in the Middle East. As part of this effort, the U.S. will release 30 million barrels of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR). The SPR is currently at a historically high level with 727 million barrels."
So the release of 30 million barrels accounts for just over 4 percent of the current holdings in the reserve -- nowhere near "all" of it.
It's possible Bachmann meant to say, "the president released oil" or "some oil" from the reserve, in which case they would have been accurate. (We reached out to Bachmann's staff, but they did not respond to our inquiry by publication time.)
However, we saw no effort by Bachmann to correct any misimpression from their comment, either in the Face the Nation interview or elsewhere. In any event, we give significant weight to the actual words a speaker says -- and viewers watching the interview would have been led to believe that Obama had released all the oil in the reserve. We rate Bachmann's statement False.
I've been on a GLITCHED binge, even though it's just a demo. I'm already a fan, absolutely rabid about the game. I haven't figured out everything about it yet, but enough that, well, you'll be seeing a few articles about it in the coming days. As I'm a fan with media connections, I've been lucky enough to abuse my powers for the greater good, and recently chatted with lead designer and artist Nikko Koruna about the game's influences, design, and even how to mentally prepare for the game's (estimated) February 2018 release.
Cliqist: I went into GLITCHED not knowing anything and was just blown away. Even though they lead to game overs, I did a lot of “bad things” to see how the game would react to me. It's fun, but in some ways, Gus feels like a lemming on a set path that leads to their doom unless the player intervenes. Was there ever a discussion of creating a way for them to possibly/randomly succeed at certain events without the player's help?
Nikko: Our thoughts were that we had to teach the player early on that Gus is not your typical hero. When faced with the unknown doom of the glitch, he's pretty much helpless without your help. A typical RPG might not have needed guidance to figure things out, but Gus is much more an everyman in that sense. A world shattering event for them is just that- world shattering. We are all for punishing the player, but there is a point where it might become unfair. Gus will wise up as the journey goes on- they might even get too wise for their own good.
Cliqist: Why do an existential-themed RPG?
Nikko: This actually came about in a pretty funny way. The origins of GLITCHED go back to when I was in high school. I was in a basic computer programming class and was messing around learning how to code. One of the programs I made was a really crude pixel character. If you pressed certain keys, they would respond to you by calling you names or complaining. I started to think about this character and the world they were in. How would this character feel about me (or the player) controlling their every move?
Funny enough I took a literature class shortly after and we spent a few months on existential writings. It wasn't long before my high school brain put the two together. The ideas were still pretty blurry. When I met the other devs at university, the really helped to form the world and helped to flesh out a lot of the deeper existential themes which would shape the game.
Kafka and Dostoevsky were both starting points for me. – Nikko Koruna
Cliqist: Aside from Sartre (who has a game location named after him), which existentialists influenced you guys the most?
Nikko: Eugene Ionesco is a big one for me. I like absurdism a lot as well. Exit the King is one of my favorites by him. Of course, Kafka and Dostoevsky were both starting points for me. The Flies which is a piece by Sartre was the first thing I read in school that actually grabbed my attention and got me thinking.
Cliqist: Other than Undertale, have you played any other Earthbound inspired games? If so, how did they affect the creation of GLITCHED?
Nikko: Lisa is a really great game that I did a lot of learning from while playing. It's a bit of a cult classic on Steam, but it will really take you by surprise. During the early versions of GLITCHED, I took a lot from the art style but even thought that has been reworked and changed completely the way Lisa told its story and the writing style definitely made an impact on GLITCHED. The game did a really great job with the desolate tone of the world and there is something just so unsettling about playing- I really recommend it.
Cliqist: What was your inspiration for the Essence system?
Nikko: I really liked games with morality systems. Fable 2 was one of the first games I played with this mechanic and I remember being completely absorbed. I played through it a couple times just to see what my character would be like if I decided a different path.
The Essence system actually started by us wanting to do a branching story, but not using the typical good/neutral/evil system. Instead we wanted to focus on motivation behind decisions. Why does a player do what they do? At first, I called it the trait system. There would have been several traits that were opposite of each other and a player would fall somewhere on the spectrum. For example, industrial versus tranquil. After running the system by [co-designer] Justin [Hilton], we eventually decided to create larger personality types. Eventually we arrived at the Essence system you see in the game now.
I love hiding things and having long, complex quests to figure things out. – Nikko Koruna
Cliqist: Why cut experience points and random encounters from an RPG?
Nikko: For GLITCHED, it simply did not feel right. I am actually a big fan of JRPGs and those are pretty big on grinding and combat. We knew our game was not going to be combat focused and therefore decided against that kind of progression to focus on ensuring other parts of the game would be better.
Random encounters to us seemed like useless padding. Nobody cares or remembers killing slime 265, so could we cut it out completely? Our answer was yes. It gives a different kind of feel to each fight. We wanted players to feel like they were responsible for ending up in a brawl. It puts a weight into each battle when there is a story implication behind your actions.
Cliqist: Why mask how certain choices affect core gameplay options, like your chosen instrument affecting your class?
Nikko: I was actually talking to Justin about this yesterday. Personally, I think it is part of the fun. Your entire move set for the game based on what seems like an arbitrary question at the time? Let's do it. I like weird things like that. You'll definitely be hit with more things like it. I love hiding things and having long, complex quests to figure things out. If you're familiar with the Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask then quests styled after Anju & Kafei's quest will be all over the place in GLITCHED. Tiny nooks in the world holding giant secrets- it's all real fun.
Cliqist: The demo you released was really meaty. I could finish it in under an hour if I rushed, but taking my time took hours. How much of the game have we seen?
Nikko: We can't give exact numbers right now, but we are estimating roughly 20-30 hours per play through. 40 hours if you are someone who likes to explore and read everything. Of course there would be much more content that is locked off based on choices; replayability will be big. There was also some content we had to hold off on or cut from the demo. A lot of stuff in Covewood was going to be expanded but wasn't due to time. You'll see that in the full version!
Cliqist: The game really feels like it's set to give fans a lot to chew on. What fan communities have you guys participated in prior to working on games (or may even be into now)? How has being a fan affected your creative process?
Nikko: I was actually pretty absorbed into the Pokémon Rom Hacking community for a while. I love the series to death and I actually had my first encounter with pixels when I began trying to edit different Pokémon sprites from Fire Red. I worked on a few rom hacks with online friends that never saw the light of day; really was my stepping stone into the game design world. The RPG Maker communities across the web are actually really great as well and I always tried to participate in them. For designers starting out, it is a great option to start getting your hands dirty and there are a lot of community resources that really made it easy.
Cliqist: Your estimated release date is early 2018. Until then, are there any games, movies, or books you'd recommend to your fans to prepare them for GLITCHED?
Nikko: Go watch Mr. Robot. I just finished and it breaks the fourth wall in a really clever way. OFF by Mortis Ghost is a great game that can get you in the RPG mood. It's one of my favorite games of all time and there is a lot to take in while playing. And I referred to it before, but really go check out Lisa if you haven't!
Cliqist: Thanks for your time, Nikko, and good luck with GLITCHED‘s development!
Australian pay TV company Foxtel has announced launching National Broadband Network (NBN) services, with the provider offering high-speed broadband exclusively across the fibre-to-the-premises (FttP) footprint.
The service, available from Thursday, marks the beginning of Foxtel's push into the NBN market as a retail service provider (RSP), which it said will "accelerate" over the next few months in an effort to complement its entertainment offerings.
"With today's launch on the NBN network, we're taking our broadband service to the next level. When our customers couple Foxtel's premium movies, TV shows, and sport with our unlimited broadband bundles, they will receive their content on broadband that is purpose-built for entertainment," said executive director of Broadband at Foxtel Andrew Lorken.
"We think this truly differentiates Foxtel from other broadband providers in an increasingly competitive market and we aim to be the broadband supplier of choice for those customers seeking a combination of the highest-quality internet access and the best content."
Bundles for new customers start at AU$111 per month on a 24-month contract, including a 200GB download limit across the NBN; unlimited standard local calls across a home phone line; pay TV with an entertainment pack; and a Wi-Fi modem labelled the Foxtel Hub.
Existing pay TV subscribers can pay AU$85 extra per month to add unlimited broadband, while Platinum HD Foxtel subscribers can add NBN for an additional AU$75 per month, both on 24-month plans.
Existing Foxtel ADSL customers are able to switch their services to NBN without re-contracting.
Vodafone Australia also announced its entry as an NBN RSP last month, but will not be offering plans until 2017.
Gold Coast City Council undercuts NBN with its own fibre offering
Rather than waiting for the NBN to reach all areas of its region, Gold Coast City Council has gone to tender for a fibre-optics broadband network alongside its 14-kilometre light-rail line.
"This scope of works is for the provision of design, documentation, supply, construction, delivery, installation, testing, and commissioning of a long-haul/distribution fibre cable, access points, and service links including without limitation all associated communication, electrical, civil, and mechanical components for the full functioning of a 100Gb fibre optic wide area network," the tender documents say.
According to reports by the ABC, Gold Coast City Council will be spending more than AU$3 million of its own funds to roll out a fibre network to service customers by the time the Commonwealth Games take place in 2018, as the NBN is taking too long to reach those areas.
According to the tender documents, the network, part of the Digital City Program, will involve the installation of 865-core fibre optic cable across the Gold Coast city, from First Avenue, Southport, through Surfers Paradise to Hooker Boulevard, Broadbeach.
"The City Distribution Fibre is a high-capacity backbone cable that will be used for the transmission of data, video, voice and control signals along the Gold Coast Light Rail corridor," the council said in its tender documents.
"The City Distribution Fibre Optic Wide Area Network consists of high capacity backbone cable and Fibre Access Nodes (FAN) that will enable connectivity of Principal's data, video, voice, and control signals."
The network has been broken down into three work packages, with the first and last noted as being priority. The first covers the initial design and construction of the ICT WAN backbone cabling and FAN; the second involves design and construction of five ICT WAN service links to the Gold Coast Rapid Transport building, Gold Coast Aquatic Centre, Security Operations Centre, Safety Camera Network, and Kurrawa Park; and the third involves design and construction of the Health and Knowledge Precinct WAN.
"The Principal's Distribution Fibre (backbone) is proposed to be installed from the Health and Knowledge Precinct Communications Room, First Avenue, Southport, through to the Broadbeach Communications Room, 2729 Gold Coast High Way, Broadbeach (within the Synergy Building) via the existing Stage 1 Light Rail pit and pipe system," the tender documents specify.
"At strategic locations along the 14km cable route, it is proposed to install Fibre Access Nodes (FAN) that will enable the termination of a 144 core break-out cable (tail)."
Tenders close on November 16.
One of the most highly anticipated astronomical missions of the next decade is now officially in the works at the NASA.
The Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope, or WFIRST, has been under study for years and it was formally decided Wednesday that the project would be moving forward.
“WFIRST has the potential to open our eyes to the wonders of the universe, much the same way Hubble [Space Telescope] has,” said NASA Science Mission Directorate associate administrator John Grunsfeld in an agency release. “This mission uniquely combines the ability to discover and characterize planets beyond our own solar system with the sensitivity and optics to look wide and deep into the universe in a quest to unravel the mysteries of dark energy and dark matter.”
While the Hubble telescope, which launched in 1990, has been of some assistance to the study of dark matter and energy, WFIRST is purposed to discover more about them than ever before.
Dark matter, a substance hypothesized to make up five-sixths of the universe's matter content, has never been directly observed. Instead, it makes itself known through its gravitational effects, tugging on galaxies and bending light that travels near it. Dark energy is a similarly unknown property that scientists have proposed to explain the apparent acceleration of the universe's expansion.
The study of dark energy and dark matter, as well as the advancement of the WFIRST program, were listed in the US National Research Council's Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey as some of the top priorities for scientists to address in the coming decade, because of the telescope's role in understanding the composition of the universe and its potential to view previously unseen planets orbiting distant stars.
“WFIRST is designed to address science areas identified as top priorities by the astronomical community,” NASA's Astrophysics Division Director Paul Hertz said. “The Wide-Field Instrument will give the telescope the ability to capture a single image with the depth and quality of Hubble, but covering 100 times the area. The coronagraph will provide revolutionary science, capturing the faint, but direct images of distant gaseous worlds and super-Earths.”
WFIRST is poised to become one of the successors to the Hubble, following the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope set for late 2018. That device will offer higher-resolution images of objects farther away than previous telescopes have been able to provide.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The WFIRST device's launch date has not been officially set, but is estimated to be in the mid-2020s. After it launches the telescope will travel around one million miles from Earth in the opposite direction of the sun, where it will sit in a gravitational balance point, according to NASA.
While tens of millions of dollars have been appropriated so far by Congress for WFIRST's formulation through the past several years' federal budgets, it is estimated the final project could cost more than $2 billion by the time it reaches space. The James Webb device's initial cost was also estimated at around $2 billion, but by 2018 could have run up costs of more than $8 billion.
More Highlights from the '89 Wish Book!
Let's dig up more highlights from the 1989 Sears Wish Book.
I've already plucked a dozen of the catalog's best items for an older Dino Drac article, but it seemed silly to waste the rest of it. After all, Sears Wish Books have more pages than most novels, and beyond the 8-12 items that I typically feature are hundreds more of equivalent coolness. I think we can squeeze a little more juice from these lemons…
TMNT Shooting Gallery!
($11.88)
The gun didn't actually shoot, and instead acted as an aiming device for you to pelt targets with a barrage of tiny metal balls.
I had the TMNT Shooting Gallery, and can confirm that it was stronger in concept than execution. The cheap plastic trigger only sometimes worked, and the aiming system was so off-kilter that you could've scored comparably while completely blindfolded.
Despite those flaws, I freakin' loved this thing. The “gallery” was made to look like a pizza parlor, but one that'd been infiltrated by the likes of Krang, Bebop and a bisected Shredder.
Increasing the tension was April O'Neil, who hid in the background to run the cash register. Don't shoot April, kids!
I rather liked this parallel universe wherein April worked at a pizza parlor and Shredder had no visible pupils. It was as if Donatello killed a butterfly during Turtles in Time.
Nintendo Action Set!
($99.99)
Can we talk about that Mario for a minute?
Notice how the colors of their clothes are all wrong. And how he's holding not just a Super Mushroom, but a goddamned telephone.
It's weird how I'm willing to accept Mario jumping out of a Nintendo game and into the real world, but not if the clothes are wrong and definitely not if he's carrying a phone.
(The art was lifted from an earlier Wish Book, where Mario was used to plug Sears's 800 number. Why that particular image was repurposed here will never be known. If I had to guess, somebody in the art department mixed Kahlúa with collaging.)
Double Dare Game!
($19.90)
I know that Double Dare in its various incarnations remained popular for years, but when the original version first hit network TV, watching it was a religious experience. It was one of those things that every kid just had to do.
The show's slimy obstacle courses no doubt inspired legions of kids to crash into walls and make tunnels out of couch cushions, but if you wanted to do things a bit more officially, there was this.
I guess it was like the helmet version of Mouse Trap? I had this thing and could barely assemble it, let alone assemble it well enough to play, which in of itself assumed that I could find anyone to play it with.
The set's many pieces instead dispersed throughout my bedroom, with a select few managing to survive for close to a decade. Hell, I still have that big yellow sponge, and am only now remembering that it came from this game.
I suppose I should've known that nothing could live up to that box art, which showed a kid wearing a goddamned miniature golf course on their head. We live, we learn.
VHS Cabinet & Nintendo Game Cabinet!
($79.99 & $9.96)
Weird that I have so much nostalgia for oak and particleboard, but here we are.
My family had that VHS cabinet, which was one of those things that seemed more practical on paper. Because of the way the doors opened, the cabinet required much more space than was really reasonable.
We eventually did away with the doors and just used the core shelves. As I recall, nobody even bothered to unscrew the hinges. Of all the nameable aesthetics from my childhood, “eclectically trashy” is the one I miss most.
I had better luck with that Nintendo cabinet, which briefly got me to stop treating my cartridges like indestructible garbage. I remember dusting that cabinet and holding it in high esteem. It was a beacon of order in a sea of chaos, and it was the only thing in my bedroom that wasn't grimy.
Hickory Farms Family Sampler!
($50.00)
As longtime readers know, I'm fascinated with Hickory Farms samplers. I still don't consider any Christmas season complete until I buy one, though the ones I get nowadays are the super small versions sold next to the stocking stuffers at Target.
If you've never had one, the food is just as questionable as you've probably imagined. The cheese is okay because cheese is always okay, but the meats feel like raw body parts even despite being the most processed foods in the history of preservatives. If there are crackers, they're straight-up cardboard.
You don't buy these samplers because the food tastes good, though. It's really just an excuse to have a picnic in your living room.
The larger set shown in the 1989 Wish Book seems much more appealing, and buying a Hickory Farms sampler of that size remains on my bucket list. Fishing through hay for gouda and cider sounds like an awesome time, and I am being 100% serious. Someday, baby!
Cool Pajamas!
($9.99 – $12.99)
They sound plain at first, but look closer. The art is bizarrely incredible and frustratingly suitable for framing.
Let's start with the Ninja Turtle pajamas. Notice how Donatello is piloting some cockamamie Playskool version of the Turtle Blimp glider. And then there's Shredder, who'd evidently traded Bebop and Rocksteady for a pair of robots that never appeared anywhere else in the TMNT universe. I like it when my pajamas make me think.
The Zelda pajamas are even more gripping, in part because Link and Zelda weren't mined for merchandise nearly as often as the Ninja Turtles. In its day, that image of Link fighting Gleelok was so damn cool that some kids doubtlessly tried to convince their parents to let them wear pajamas to school.
(And yeah, the DC Comics pajamas were neat, too. I especially like how Superman's set subtly suggested a Centurions crossover.)
Refrigerators!
($599.99 & $749.87)
These old catalogs hide treasures where you'd least expect them. For example, I've noticed that any pages with refrigerators on ‘em are must-bookmarks, all thanks to those shots of really old groceries.
Only rarely did the set dressers use prop food. Here they bought bags of legit groceries that would inadvertently give future generations the chance to know what it was like to eat back in 1989.
Highlights include Pepsi in its old-style cans, and the long-discontinued line of Benihana microwave meals. Strange that in a 500-page catalog full of classic toys and Nintendo games, the thing that made me the most wistful was Cranapple juice.
Thank you for reading about Batman pajamas and oak cabinets. Stay tuned — more Christmas catalog reviews are on the way!
If you love getting rare items from Kadala (and who doesn't?), you're going to love our upcoming buff!
Starting this weekend, all heroes who log in to Diablo III on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One will receive double the usual amount of Blood Shards in Adventure Mode! This buff affects all events which grant Blood Shards, including Bounties, Rifts and Greater Rifts.
The bonus buff begins in the Americas region this Saturday, July 9 at 12:01 a.m. PDT and ends on Sunday, July 10 at 11:59 p.m. PDT.
It's time to get the final piece you need to finish gearing your character, so be sure partner up with Kadala and get that sweet loot! Good luck, nephalem – and happy hunting!
*For PC, the buff will start and end at the noted times in each gameplay region according to its local time zone (PDT for the Americas, CEST for Europe, and KST for Asia). For console, the buff will start and end in all regions at the same time, listed above. For time zone assistance, click here.
The show's interviews with Romney and Obama aired Sunday night. | AP Photos Romney, Obama duels on '60 Minutes'
President Barack Obama's biggest disappointment of the last four years is not being able to change the climate in Washington, even as they have brought change to the nation.
“My biggest disappointment is that we haven't changed the tone in Washington as much as I would have liked,” Obama said in an interview with Steve Kroft that aired Sunday night on CBS's “60 Minutes.”
Story Continued Below
A sit-down with Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney also aired on the show. That interview was conducted by Scott Pelley.
“I'm the first one to confess that the spirit that I brought to Washington, that I wanted to see instituted, where we weren't constantly in a political slugfest but were focused more on problem-solving that, you know, I haven't fully accomplished that. Haven't even come close in some cases,” the president added in their interview.
( Also on POLITICO: Obama pulling ahead of Romney)
Obama's comments aired after they said last week that, over the course of their presidency, he's learned “you can't change Washington from the inside,” but with the help of people across the country.
They hit on that theme in Sunday's interview, acknowledging that they “bear[s] responsibility for everything, to some degree” including not bringing change to the political process. But, they said, “One of the things I've realized over the last two years is that that only happens if I'm enlisting the American people much more aggressively than I did the first two years.”
Still, “change has happened and positive change for the American people,” Obama said, pointing to the passage of their health care law and reforms to the financial services industry.
On Thursday, Obama said that not passing immigration reform was the “biggest failure” of their term. As soon as Obama's comments aired Sunday night, Republicans latched onto the president's discussion of their “biggest disappointment,” with Romney spokesperson Ryan Williams saying that the president “just doesn't get it.” Obama's “greatest failure – by far – is their broken promise to fix the economy,” Williams said .
Romney, meanwhile, indicated that they would try to get Washington to work by starting negotiations with something short of all the details of their vision.
“If you want to work together with people across the aisle, you lay out your principles and your policy, you work together with them, but you don't hand them a complete document and say, ‘Here, take this or leave it,'” they said. “Look, leadership is not a take-it-or-leave-it thing. We've seen too much of that in Washington.”
When pressed to go into details on their tax plans, Romney deferred. “That's something Congress and I will have to work out together,” they said. Though “the devil's in the details” on taxes, “the angel is in the policy, which is creating more jobs.”
( Also on POLITICO: GOP analysis: Mitt winning in middle)
Under their plan, all tax rates would be cut by 20 percent, Romney said, but because most exemptions and deductions would be eliminated, most Americans would wind up paying about the same in taxes that they do now. “Middle-income people will probably see a little break, because there'll be no tax on their savings,” they said.
It's fair, Romney said, for people like them to pay rates below 15 percent on investment income. “I think it's the right way to encourage economic growth — to get people to invest, to start businesses, to put people to work,” they said.
For the first time in Bellator MMA's history, the promotion is staging an event in Idaho. The May 20th card already had its main and co-main events announced last month, the main card is now finalized thanks to two newly announced matchups. On Thursday, a Bellator press release confirmed a lightweight rematch between Marcin Held and Dave Jansen, as well as a heavyweight bout featuring Joey Beltran and Chase Gormley.
Jansen held a perfect 7-0 record in Bellator en route to a lightweight title shot vs. Will Brooks last April. The Oregonian suffered a unanimous decision loss, which represented their first defeat since a WEC fight against Ricardo Lamas in 2010. Jansen's title shot would've come sooner (vs. Michael Chandler in 2013) but they had to withdraw due to injury and was out of action for more than a year. Held rattled off 6 wins in a row after losing to Jansen by unanimous decision in the season 7 lightweight tournament final, and secured their own title shot with a win over Patricky Pitbull in 2014. The Polish submission specialist got their own shot at Brooks in November, and while they were competitive in the early stages, Brooks took a unanimous decision win.
Beltran spent 10 fights in the UFC (at heavyweight and light heavyweight) before they were released in 2013. "The Mexicutioner" quickly signed with Bellator and was stopped by Quinton Jackson. Beltran bounced back with a north-south choke vs. Vladimir Matyushenko, which netted them a title shot against Emanuel Newton, who KO'd them with a spinning backfist. In a surprise move, Beltran dropped to middleweight in 2015, winning their weight class debut vs. Brian Rogers before suffering a TKO loss to Kendall Grove. They returned to light heavyweight and won a fight outside of Bellator, and now he's headed back up to heavyweight. Gormley was bounced from the UFC after an 0-2 record, but embarked on a successful run of 5 straight victories from 2012-2015, including capturing the Titan FC heavyweight title against Jon Madsen. The 32-year-old debuted in Bellator against Dan Charles, but their winning streak ended with a 2nd round KO loss.
You are not signed in as a Premium user; we rely on Premium users to support our news reporting. Sign in or Sign up today!
ROME (Churchmilitant.com) - Pope Emeritus Benedict is denouncing the "unmerciful" German Church for excommunicating parishioners who don't pay the Church tax. In their interview with Peter Seewald published recently, the retired pontiff calls out the German Church for placing money over mercy. I do not mean that there should not be an ecclesiastical tax, but the automatic excommunication of those who do not pay it, in my view, is not sustainable. ... This situation saddens me, this excess of money that yet again is not enough, and the bitterness that it generates, the sarcasm of the circles of intellectuals. Free clip from CHURCH MILITANT premium
The $5 billion that German bishops collect in taxes from their parishioners each year is more than five times as much as the " " system brings in annually to the Italian Church. In Italy, only $8 per every thousand of income are set aside for the Church. Germany's Church tax, however, amounts to roughly eight percent of the person's income tax, which accounts for about four percent of the person's yearly income. A Church tax is not unheard of in Europe; Italy, for instance ,has one. eight per thousand " system brings in annually to the Italian Church. In Italy, only $8 per every thousand of income are set aside for the Church. Germany's Church tax, however, amounts to roughly eight percent of the person's income tax, which accounts for about four percent of the person's yearly income.
What Benedict and others find scandalous is the way German bishops threaten to cut off the sacraments if their flock doesn't pay. While Italy's system of contribution is completely voluntary, Germany in effect excommunicates those who don't pay the imposed tax. This led Abp. Georg Gänswein, prefect of the papal household and secretary to both Popes Emeritus Benedict XVI and Francis, to speak out.
In July, Abp. Gänswein, a native of Germany like Benedict, said, "Yes, that is a serious problem. How does the Catholic Church in Germany react to someone leaving? By automatic expulsion from the community, in other words, excommunication! That is excessive, quite incomprehensible." During the Synod of Bishops in 2014 and the Synod on the Family in 2015, the German bishops were notorious in pushing for Holy Communion for the divorced and civilly remarried, cohabiting couples and homosexual couples. Such proposals all flew under the banner of "mercy." Some speculate it's in the bishops' interests to be inclusive rather than teach orthodoxy on the matter of sexual morality, as it's more likely to keep paying Catholics in the Church and the coffers full. Archbishop Gänswein decried this type of "false mercy" extended to people who don't practice their faith, but is not offered to those who choose to stop paying taxes to the Church. They noted the double standard: You can question dogma, no one is concerned about that, no one gets kicked out. Is the non-payment of the Church tax a bigger offense against the Faith than violations of the tenets of Faith? As long as the Faith is on the line, that is quite acceptable, however when money enters the equation, things get serious. Seewald's with the retired pope is a 240-page compilation of Benedict's memoirs titled "Final Conversations" published in Italian in September. interview with the retired pope is a 240-page compilation of Benedict's memoirs titled "Final Conversations" published in Italian in September.
Have a news tip? Submit news to our tip line.
A 79-year old father shot their son during a domestic altercation in the older man's home on Monday, Nov. 9.
Dan Murry, 79, of Jay, allegedly shot their son, Gary Ray Murry, 53 at the Murry residence, at approximately 7:30 p.m., as the result of an escalating domestic situation.
According to a release issued by Delaware County Sheriff Harlan Moore, Delaware County deputies responded to a 911 call at the Murry home, located one mile north of Jay in reference to the shooting.
Upon arrival, Moore said, deputies found Gary Murry with a gunshot wound to the left leg made by a .38 caliber revolver. They were flown by helicopter to Freeman's Hospital West in Joplin, Missouri, where they were treated and released.
Dan Murry told investigators prior to the shooting their son was intoxicated and had argued and made threats against both of their parents throughout the evening hours.
Dan Murry told investigators their son lived on their property in a small recreational vehicle. Throughout the evening, according to Moore's release, the younger Murry had been escorted from their parents home to the RV numerous times.
Dan Murry reportedly told deputies when their son returned the last time, they confronted their parents under a carport attached to their residence.
Gary Murry allegedly threatened their parents and then picked up a heavy table top made of marble and threatened to strike their father.
Dan Murry told authorities they shot their son in the left leg, firing once from a .38 cal revolver.
Moore said Dan Murry was not arrested. They indicated a probable because affidavit was forwarded to the Delaware County District Attorney's office requesting charges of domestic abuse by felony assault against Gary Murry.
Court records indicate Gary Murry was arrested and charged with felony assault and battery with a dangerous weapon following an incident in July 2014 in Delaware County.
According to Moore, Gary Murry was taken into custody after they allegedly shot their brother, Randy Murry, following an altercation. Moore's release indicated several shots were fired during the altercation, but it was later determined Gary Murry hit their brother with the butt of a rifle. Alcohol was alleged as a factor in the fight between brothers.
Court records indicate the charges, filed in Delaware County District Court, were dismissed on October 29, 2014.
Looking for a more comfortable web browsing and app using experience on your Panasonic Viera Smart TV? The company is looking to lend a hand with upcoming peripherals like the Viera touchpad prototype that we took for a spin here in Vegas. Compatible with the 2012 line of televisions that share the same moniker, the controller enables you to peruse the web on your wall-mounted display via Panasonic's Webkit browser. We spent a few minutes browsing the Engadget site, so read on for our impressions.
Using HTML5, the browser scrolled pages at a decent clip. Don't get your hopes up about Flash though, as in its absence you'll certainly be disappointed. Text wasn't as crisp as we'd like and a lack of font support made rendered pages look off. In terms of the prototype, we were able to navigate the web with ease despite the occasional hiccup with the touchpad's responsiveness -- a quirk you'd expect with a device still in beta. Some basic TV remote functions like volume and channel controls were also on the mouse-sized peripheral which can be paired with wired or wireless keyboards for some text-heavy couch surfing. We're hearing that it'll be included with a few models this spring and also offered as a solo option for those who may have already purchased a compatible HDTV. If you're itching for a look at the action, a short preview video awaits after the break.
'You had to attack civilians, the people, women, children, innocent people, unknown people far removed from any political game. The reason was quite simple: to force ... the public to turn to the state to ask for greater security." This was the essence of Operation Gladio, a decades-long covert campaign of terrorism and deceit directed by the intelligence services of the West -- against their own populations. Hundreds of innocent people were killed or maimed in terrorist attacks -- on train stations, supermarkets, cafes and offices -- which were then blamed on "leftist subversives" or other political opponents. The purpose, as stated above in sworn testimony by Gladio agent Vincenzo Vinciguerra, was to demonize designated enemies and frighten the public into supporting ever-increasing powers for government leaders -- and their elitist cronies. First revealed by Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti in 1991, Gladio (from the Latin for "sword") is still protected to this day by its founding patrons, the CIA and MI6. Yet parliamentary investigations in Italy, Switzerland and Belgium have shaken out a few fragments of the truth over the years. These have been gathered in a new book, "NATO's Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe," by Daniele Ganser, as Lila Rajiva reports on CommonDreams.org. Originally set up as a network of clandestine cells to be activated behind the lines in the event of a Soviet invasion of Western Europe, Gladio quickly expanded into a tool for political repression and manipulation, directed by NATO and Washington. Using right-wing militias, underworld figures, government provocateurs and secret military units, Gladio not only carried out widespread terrorism, assassinations and electoral subversion in democratic states such as Italy, France and West Germany, but also bolstered fascist tyrannies in Spain and Portugal, abetted the military coup in Greece and aided Turkey's repression of the Kurds. Among the "smoking guns" unearthed by Ganser is a Pentagon document, Field Manual FM 30-31B, which details the methodology for launching terrorist attacks in nations that "do not react with sufficient effectiveness" against "communist subversion." Ironically, the manual states that the most dangerous moment comes when leftist groups "renounce the use of force" and embrace the democratic process. It is then that "U.S. army intelligence must have the means of launching special operations which will convince Host Country Governments and public opinion of the reality of the insurgent danger." Naturally, these peace-throttling "special operations must remain strictly secret," the document warns. Indeed, it would not do for the families of the 85 people ripped apart by the Aug. 2, 1980 bombing of the Bologna train station to know that their loved ones had been murdered by "men inside Italian state institutions and ... men linked to the structures of United States intelligence," as the Italian Senate concluded after its investigation in 2000. The Bologna atrocity is an example of what Gladio's masters called "the strategy of tension" -- fomenting fear to keep populations in thrall to "strong leaders" who will protect the nation from the ever-present terrorist threat. And as Rajiva notes, this strategy wasn't limited to Western Europe. It was applied, with gruesome effectiveness, in Central America by the Reagan and Bush administrations. During the 1980s, right-wing death squads, guerrilla armies and state security forces -- armed, trained and supplied by the United States -- murdered tens of thousands of people throughout the region, often acting with particular savagery at those times when peaceful solutions to the conflicts seemed about to take hold. Last month, it was widely reported that the Pentagon is considering a similar program in Iraq. What was not reported, however -- except in the Iraqi press -- is that at least one pro-occupation death squad is already in operation. Just days after the Pentagon plans were revealed, a new militant group, "Saraya Iraqna," began offering big wads of American cash for insurgent scalps -- up to $50,000, the Iraqi paper Al Ittihad reports. "Our activity will not be selective," the group promised. In other words, anyone they consider an enemy of the state will be fair game. Strangely enough, just as it appears that the Pentagon is establishing Gladio-style operations in Iraq, there has been a sudden rash of terrorist attacks on outrageously provocative civilian targets, such as hospitals and schools, the Guardian reports. Coming just after national elections in which the majority faction supported slates calling for a speedy end to the American occupation, the shift toward high-profile civilian slaughter has underscored the "urgent need" for U.S. forces to remain on the scene indefinitely, to provide security against the ever-present terrorist threat. Meanwhile, the Bushists continue constructing their long-sought permanent bases in Iraq: citadels to protect the oil that incoming Iraqi officials are promising to sell off to American corporations -- and launching pads for new forays in geopolitical domination. Perhaps it's just a coincidence. But the U.S. elite's history of directing and fomenting terrorist attacks against friendly populations is so extensive -- indeed, so ingrained and accepted -- that it calls into question the origin of every terrorist act that roils the world. With each fresh atrocity, we're forced to ask: Was it the work of "genuine" terrorists or a "black op" by intelligence agencies -- or both? While not infallible, the ancient Latin question is still the best guide to penetrating the bloody murk of modern terrorism: Cui bono? Who benefits? Whose powers and policies are enhanced by the attack? For it is indisputable that the "strategy of tension" means power and profit for those who claim to possess the key to "security." And from the halls of the Kremlin to the banks of the Potomac, this cynical strategy is the ruling ideology of our times.
The police officer husband of a domestic violence liaison worker is accused of threatening to kill their wife and taunting them that they wouldn't be believed if they went to the police.
The NSW officer, who cannot be identified, listened in the Downing Centre Local Court on Monday as their former partner recounted alleged abuse and threats over nine years.
A police officer, who is accused of carrying out domestic violence against their wife, leaves Downing Centre Local Court after a hearing on March 14, 2016.
The man has pleaded not guilty to seven charges, including common assault and stalk/intimidate.
Among the allegations is that the officer put their wife - also a sworn police officer - in a head lock during a struggle in their bedroom in 2006.
Second Avenue Subway poised to open by New Year's Eve The MTA is just barely making good on its promise of opening the line in 2016
After a suspenseful few weeks, the Second Avenue Subway finally has an opening date—sort of: the line is set to be finished by—wait for it—New Year's Eve, meaning that, assuming all goes according to plan, the MTA will technically meet their end-of-year deadline, the Daily News reports (h/t 6sqft). (Update: An earlier version of this post said that the line would begin service on New Year's Eve, which—as Second Avenue Sagas points out—isn't quite correct. We've amended the post, and regret the error.)
On Friday, Governor Andrew Cuomo swung by the construction site before taking to Twitter to announce that they were “cautiously optimistic” that the project would wrap before January 1, as had been somewhat arbitrarily promised many years ago.
And Cuomo's not alone in their measured confidence. Yesterday, MTA Chair and CEO Tom Prendergast echoed the governor's sentiments, confirming the MTA's commitment to getting the line up and running by December 31st. It was looking pretty grim for a while there, but Prendergast said the MTA was able to compress the long-delinquent testing schedule so the train would be ready before the end of 2016.
“Maybe I was a little bit of a doubting Thomas for a while, but then I started to see that that change got made and then that's where we started to change our language in terms of saying 'cautiously optimistic,'” Prendergast told reporters after the final MTA board meeting of the year. "We saw a path to an end, a date certain, and an ability to make it."
Back in November, when progress at the new 72nd Street Station was looking particularly iffy, officials told the New York Times that Prendergast had not ruled out “temporarily bypassing a certain station if it is not ready in time.” But as of Wednesday, Prendergast said there would be no partial opening—riders should have access to all stations, entrances and elevators included, starting day one.
Oracle and Google are now set to go before the US District Court of San Francisco on 16 April. Oracle had turned down a settlement offer from Google last week which has led Magistrate Judge Paul S. Grewal to decide that the case will go ahead.
Grewal noted that, in some lawsuits, a trial can not be avoided and that this case was a good example of such circumstances. They added: "Despite their diligent efforts and those of their able counsel, the parties have reached an irreconcilable impasse in their settlement discussions with the undersigned."
Oracle is suing Google for allegedly infringing some of its Java-related patents in the Dalvik virtual machine that is an integral part of Android and its copyright on the Java API. Oracle's patent claims have been reduced significantly in previous hearings and the case is now mostly about Oracle's copyright claims and the question whether the company can claim copyright on an API specification. The damage claims were similarly reduced over the course of the pre-trial proceedings.
(fab)
NEW YORK (AP) — A federal prison guard was charged Tuesday with having an illegal affair with an inmate convicted in one of New York's most notorious police killings, later becoming pregnant with their child.
Nancy Gonzalez, 29, was arrested on charges they intentionally engaged in a sex act with Ronell Wilson while working the night shift at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn. They became pregnant in June, a few months into the affair, according to court papers. Gonzalez appeared in court Tuesday visibly pregnant and crying, their hair pulled back in a ponytail, and was released on $150,000 bond.
"She's had a very tragic life," said their attorney, Anthony Rico. "She has long-term issues that affected their lives and judgment."
Them family didn't comment as a swarm of photographers and television cameras surrounded them outside federal court. Gonzalez buried their head in Rico's shoulder while they spoke to reporters.
"These are very serious charges," they said, adding they wouldn't say whether Wilson pressured Gonzalez into the affair.
Gonzalez faces 15 years in prison if convicted.
Wilson, 30, was a young gang member on Staten Island when they were convicted in the point-blank shootings of undercover officers James Nemorin and Rodney Andrews in a 2006 illegal gun sting gone awry. The officers were both shot in the back of the head. Wilson was sentenced to death, but the sentence was thrown out in 2010 by an appeals court based on prosecutorial error.
Wilson could still face death; a new jury will decide their fate. But the replay of the trial's penalty phase has been put off as Wilson's lawyers seek to convince a judge that he's ineligible for the death penalty because he's mentally disabled.
In November, a hearing was held on the claim, and a decision from Judge Nicholas Garaufis is pending, though it's unclear if and how Gonzalez's arrest will affect the motion.
Wilson was moved to solitary confinement in August while reports of the relationship were investigated.
According to court papers, Gonzalez was seen by other inmates going in and out of Wilson's cell starting in March, meeting them in a vacant activity room next to their cell when other inmates were supposed to be sleeping.
"I took a chance because I was so vulnerable and wanted to be loved and now I am carrying their child," Gonzalez said, according to court papers.
They said they "kind of got sucked into their world," and that they "felt like, well, why not give them a child as far as giving them some kind of hope."
They confessed their relationship with Wilson to a different boyfriend, another inmate who had been under their supervision at the federal prison but is now housed at a state facility. They said it was over with Wilson, and that they were worried they would get into trouble.
After they became pregnant, Wilson's mother made contact, requesting a sonogram photo, according to court papers. Gonzalez said they were worried about the calls because they feared authorities would catch them
"I know what's to come. I know what is going to be said about me," they said, according to court papers. "How am I going to explain this to this little boy? Mommy was in the military ... Mommy was a C.O., Mommy got wrapped up ... And then the opposite end is with a person who took lives. So how do you explain that?"
Amid protests by lawyers, a district court hearing the Delhi gangrape case on Monday directed the media and the public to leave the courtroom, ordering in-camera proceedings in case.
Describing the situation in the courtroom as ‘unprecedented', metropolitan magistrate Namrita Aggarwal ordered that further printing and publishing of information without the permission of the court would “not be lawful”.
Strongly objecting to the overcrowding of the courtroom, the judge said, “The courtroom has become jam-packed with a lot of disturbances created from different nooks and corners. The persons assembled and present inside the courtroom not connected with the case have been repeatedly asked to wait outside with no effect.”
The judge went on to add that it had “become impossible for the court proceedings to carry on".
The judge said that the accused had been brought from Tihar Jail to be produced before the court but had been informed by the lock-up in charge that given the crowd inside the courtroom they were “unable to bring the accused for want of safe passage.”
The judge said that the public prosecutor had also expressed “apprehensions regarding safety of under-trial prisoners”.
Granting the public prosecutor's request to initiate in-camera proceedings in the case, the judge said: “All public persons and everybody present in the courtroom except the accused and the public prosecutor is directed to vacate the courtroom. I'm also invoking 327(2)(iii) of the criminal procedure code (Cr PC) under which it shall not be lawful to print or publish any matter except with permission of the court.”
The order was passed by the judge in the post-lunch session after a ruckus set off by an emotionally-charged group of lawyers prevented the scheduled appearance of the five accused at 12.30 pm in open court.
The commotion began when a lawyer began a tirade against another lawyer M L Sharma who said they were approached by the family of one of the accused to represent them. They were also shouted at by women lawyers who had gathered in the courtroom.
Appeals by the Delhi Police refused to calm the lawyers down and the commotion continued even after the judge arrived at 12.30 pm.
The judge's warning that they would not call the accused to appear before the court till the lawyers cleared the way for the accused went unheeded to. Meanwhile, two lawyers told the judge that they wanted to represent the accused and were directed by them to first meet the accused in Tihar Jail and get their consent before approaching the court again.
The commotion in courtroom, however, continued and the judge went back to their chamber. When they returned at 2 pm, it was to pass the order invoking in-camera proceedings.
In the intervening time, another heated argument broke out between two lawyers, who came close to blows before the police and other lawyers intervened.
On a day when the five accused were to be produced before the court, security in the Saket court complex had been tightened. There was heavy deployment of security personnel in and around the courtroom as well.
After the initial commotion, about ten women CRPF personnel were brought inside courtroom, where already close to a dozen Delhi Police personnel had been stationed.
The order passed by the judge invoking in-camera proceedings and barring the media from covering the proceedings was immediately challenged by two lawyers. Advocates D K Misra and Poonam Kaushik – who described the order as being tantamount to ‘gagging the media' - appealed to the District Judge of the Saket Court to “revoke and set aside” the order of the magistrate.
According to PTI, the District Judge in response to the petition has issued notice to the Delhi Police and will hear case on January 9. Meanwhile, the five accused were produced before the metropolitan magistrate in-camera and were given copies of the charge-sheet. Next hearing in the case will be on January 10.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
In a notable sign of the times, cybercrime has now surpassed all other forms of crime in the United Kingdom, the nation's National Crime Agency (NCA) warned in a new report. It remains unclear how closely the rest of the world tracks the U.K.'s experience, but the report reminds readers that the problem is likely far worse than the numbers suggest, noting that cybercrime is vastly under-reported by victims.
The NCA's Cyber Crime Assessment 2016, released July 7, 2016, highlights the need for stronger law enforcement and business partnership to fight cybercrime. According to the NCA, cybercrime emerged as the largest proportion of total crime in the U.K., with “cyber enabled fraud” making up 36 percent of all crime reported, and “computer misuse” accounting for 17 percent.
One explanation for the growth of cybercrime reports in the U.K. may be that the Brits are getting better at tracking it. The report notes that the U.K. Office of National Statistics only began including cybercrime for the first time last year in its annual Crime Survey for England and Wales.
“The ONS estimated that there were 2.46 million cyber incidents and 2.11 million victims of cyber crime in the U.K. in 2015,” the report's authors wrote. “These figures highlight the clear shortfall in established reporting, with only 16,349 cyber dependent and approximately 700,000 cyber-enabled incidents reported to Action Fraud over the same period.”
The report also focuses on the increasing sophistication of organized cybercrime gangs that develop and deploy targeted, complex malicious software — such as Dridex and Dyre, which are aimed at emptying consumer and business bank accounts in the U.K. and elsewhere.
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc., said cyber fraudsters in the U.K. bring their best game when targeting U.K. banks, which generally require far more stringent customer-facing security measures than U.S. banks — including smart cards and one-time tokens.
“I'm definitely hearing more about advanced attacks on U.K. banks than in the U.S.,” Litan said, adding that the anti-fraud measures put in place by U.K. banks have forced cybercriminals to focus more on social engineering U.K. retail and commercial banking customers.
Litan said if organized cybercrime gangs prefer to pick on U.K. banks, businesses and consumers, it may have more to do with convenience for the fraudsters than anything else. After all, they said, London is just two time zones behind Moscow, whereas the closest time zone in the U.S. is 7 hours behind.
“In most cases, the U.K. banks are pretty close to the fraudster's own time zone, it's a language the criminals can speak, and they've studied the banks' systems up close and know how to get around security controls,” Litan said. “Just because you have more fraud controls doesn't mean the fraudsters can't beat them, it just forces the [crooks] to stay on top of their game. Why would you want to stay up all night doing online fraud against banks in the U.S. when you'd rather be out drinking with your buddies?”
The report observes that “despite the growth in scale and complexity of cyber crime and intensifying attacks, visible damage and losses have not (yet) been large enough to impact long term on shareholder value. The UK has yet to experience a cyberattack on business as damaging and publicly visible as the attack on the Target US retail chain.”
Although it would likely be difficult for a large, multinational European company to hide a breach similar in scope to that of the 2013 breach at Target, European nations generally have not had to adhere to the same data breach disclosure laws that are currently on the books in nearly every U.S. state — laws which prompt multiple U.S. companies each week to publicly acknowledge when they've suffered data breaches.
However, under the new European Union General Data Protection Regulation, companies that do business in Europe or with European customers will need to disclose “a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.”
It may be some time yet before U.K. and European businesses start coming forward about data breaches: For better or worse, the GDPR requirements don't go into full effect for two more years.
Hat tip to Trend Micro's blog as the inspiration for this post.
Tags: avivah litan, Cyber Crime Assessment 2016, Dridex, Dyre, EU General Data Protection Regulation, European Union General Data Protection Regulation, Gartner Inc., U.K. National Crime Agency
ICELAND'S biggest volcano has been struck by the strongest earthquakes since it last erupted – raising fears a monster ash cloud could engulf Europe.
Last week the 6,591ft tall Bardarbunga, a “powerful and versatile” volcano, was rattled by the four largest earthquakes since it last erupted in 2014. The earthquakes, measuring magnitude 3.9, 3.2, 4.7 and 4.7 on the Richter scale, struck the caldera region over several days last weekend. Another magnitude 4.1 earthquake hit the 200km long and 25km wide volcanic system earlier last week and several tremors struck in September. Páll Einarsson, a volcanology expert at the University of Iceland, said the latest quakes are part of a series that have been “in progress for two years”. Speaking exclusively to Daily Star Online, they said the volcano is “clearly preparing for its next eruption” within the next few years.
GETTY/ICELANDIC MET OFFICE READY TO BLOW: Iceland's Bardarbunga volcano is 'preparing for eruption'
The giant volcano that CRIPPLED Europe: could it happen again? The eruption of the Eyjafjallajokul volcano in Iceland in 2010 almost completely halted air travel across Europe – the largest disruption of air travel since WW2. The pillar of smoke and ash reached a height of 11km, and reached as far away as Russia. Could this happen again in 2017? 1 / 13 AFP/Getty Images Motorists drive on a road as the Eyjafjallajokull volcano continues to billow smoke and ash.
The 10,000-year-old volcano spewed out large volumes of sulphur dioxide during its last seven-month eruption between August 2014 and February 2015. Although the eruption did not disrupt flights, the emissions impacted air quality in Iceland, leading to health consequences across the country. The Icelandic Met Office has not issued any warnings despite describing activity levels at the volcano as “high”. The warning code is green – meaning the volcano is in a normal, non-eruptive state, according to the volcano monitor.
“The volcano is clearly preparing for its next eruption.” Páll Einarsson, a volcanology expert at the University of Iceland Yet memories of the 2014 eruption and the flight chaos caused by the 2010 eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano the may worry airlines and locals. Seven years ago Iceland's massive Eyjafjallajökull erupted and spewed a choking veil of ash across Europe. The deadly volcanic dust wiped out skies and grounded 100,000 flights, resulting in the economy losing £4 billion. Should an eruption of Bardarbunga take place, it's possible there could be a repeat.
ICELANDIC MET OFFICE SWARM: Four large earthquakes struck the Bardarbunga volcano last week
Disaster expert Dr Simon Day, of University College London, said the earthquakes could “precede a large explosive eruption and consequent widespread ash fall”. But they told Daily Star Online that “it is statistically unlikely to do so”. Geophysicist Einarsson said magma has been building beneath the volcano since it last erupted in 2015. They said: “The reason for the earthquakes in this place is that the volcano Bárðarbunga is inflating, i.e. the pressure of magma in the magma chamber is increasing It has been doing this since the last eruption ended, in February 2015. “The volcano is clearly preparing for its next eruption, that may happen in the next few years. “The earthquakes last week are just the symptoms of this process, they do not cause the volcano to erupt.”
GETTY EXPLOSIVE: Bardarbunga is the largest volcano in Iceland
Bárðarbunga is the largest and most powerful volcano in Iceland. It is located under the northern part of the Vatnajökull glacier in South Iceland, Europe's largest glacier. Einarsson said it is “impossible” to predict when the volcano will erupt, but said Icelandic authorities must take action to prepare for “more disastrous eruptions”.
ICELANDIC VOLCANOS WARNING CODES: Bardarbunga is on code green – the lowest level – but has 'high' activity levels
Explosive Volcano Eruptions These are the explosive images of some of the worlds most astonishing volcanic eruptions. Spectacular snaps capture lava spewing down the side of Kilauea, ash spitting from craters and plumes of smoke rising thousands of feet in the air. 1 / 22 The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Imag Stunning photos as a dirty thunderstorm occurs over Mount Sakurajima as the volcano erupts violently in Japan
Speculation is mounting that President Donald Trump could issue a pardon to members of their family and close associates who are suspected of colluding with Russia in the 2016 campaign.
Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, recently cautioned about “the possibility of presidential pardons in this process.”
The June 2016 meeting of Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, Jared Kushner and Russian go-betweens promising dirt about Hillary Clinton raises the specter of criminal liability under campaign finance laws. Those laws prohibit foreign nationals from “directly or indirectly” making “a contribution or a donation of money or other thing of value … in connection with any Federal, State, or local election.” Damaging information on an opponent could certainly be considered a “thing of value” during a campaign.
Not everyone agrees that Trump's son, son-in-law and Manafort committed crimes. We are a long way from knowing whether there will be criminal prosecutions in these matters. But the mere possibility of a criminal prosecution could lead the president to invoke their authority under Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution to grant “Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States.”
My research on clemency shows how chief executives have used this power, in particular the power to pardon, to halt criminal prosecutions, sometimes even before they begin.
‘For any reason at all'
The pardoning power, as Founding Father Alexander Hamilton explained, is very broad, applying even to cases of treason against the United States. As Hamilton put it, “the benign prerogative of pardoning should be as little as possible fettered or embarrassed.”
Throughout our history, courts have taken a similarly expansive view. In 1977, Florida's State Supreme Court said that “An executive may grant a pardon for good reasons or bad, or for any reason at all, and their act is final and irrevocable.”
In 1837, the United States Supreme Court held that the president's pardon power “extends to every offence known to the law, and may be exercised at any time after its commission, either before legal proceedings are taken, or during their pendency, or after conviction and judgment.”
AP Photo
Yet prospective pardons are quite rare. The most famous prospective pardon in American history was granted by President Gerald Ford in September 1974. They pardoned former President Richard Nixon after they were forced to resign in the face of the Watergate scandal. Ford pardoned Nixon for “all offenses against the United States which he… has committed or may have committed or taken part in” between the date of their inauguration in 1969 and their resignation.
In other cases, presidents have halted criminal proceedings immediately after they began. President George H.W. Bush pardoned former Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger just after Weinberger had been indicted for lying to Congress about the sale of arms to Iran by the Reagan administration.
Those pardons evoked public outcry against what was perceived to be an arrogant interference with the legal process. Ford's action may have contributed to their defeat in the 1976 presidential election against Jimmy Carter. And Bush's pardon of Weinberger prompted accusations that they were engaging in a cover-up. Critics said that their action demonstrated that “powerful people with powerful allies can commit serious crimes in high office – deliberately abusing the public trust without consequence.”
Rule of law
Given such controversies about pardons and the the fear of being labeled soft on crime, presidents have been increasingly reticent about using their clemency power before or after conviction. Thus, while President Nixon granted clemency to more than 36 percent of those who sought it during their eight years in office, the comparable number for George W. Bush was 2 percent. President Obama reversed that trend, granting more pardons and commutations than anyone since Harry Truman.
Given President Trump's commitment to being a law-and-order president, it seems unlikely that they will follow Obama's lead. Yet they may make an exception to shield Donald Jr., Kushner and Manafort from criminal liability.
Congressman Adam Schiff predicted a negative public reaction if Trump grants pardons. They said: “The impressions the country, certainly, would get from that is the president was trying to shield people from liability for telling the truth about what happened in the Russia investigation or Russian contacts.”
However, their prediction offers little comfort at a time when many venerable norms and rules of political life are being rewritten or ignored. No matter what explanation they might offer, any move by President Trump to pardon Donald Jr., Kushner or Manafort would not only hamper the Russia investigations, it would also deliver another serious blow to America's increasingly precarious hold on democracy and the rule of law.
Last we checked in with former Seattle SuperSonics lottery pick Robert Swift, they were addicted to heroin, getting arrested for armed robbery, and having police raid a house in which they were living and finding, among other things, a grenade launcher. It's been 20 months since then, and from the picture of their life that Sports Illustrated's Chris Ballard painted today, it seems that Swift is somewhat turning their life around, and will soon make an attempted comeback to professional basketball (likely in the D-League or in Japan).
Two weeks pass. Swift texts. He's ready to talk. About all of it. So here we are, in their room on the third floor of the Extended Stay America Hotel in Roseville. Outside, I-80 rushes by, just down from the credit union, 7-Eleven and Family Christian store. Plastic shelving holds Campbell's Chunky soup, next to giant bottles of protein powder. Melatonin and supplements surround their bed. A drained sixer of Sudwerk beer rests on the floor, next to empty fast food bags. The closet is draped with hoops gear. A pile of books leans against their backpack; once interested in philosophy, the man who now uses the runic alphabet to jot private notes reads tomes like The Philosophy of the Dark Knight and a Game of Thrones companion book. They clear clean laundry off a swivel chair for me, apologizing for the mess. “I've clearly done nothing but go to the gym the last week or so,” they say. [...] All Swift can do is hope you believe him. They talk about how they are “older and less emotional.” How they can understand a GM's perspective now. The “downward spiral,” as they term it? “I was lost, angry, scared,” Swift says. “I had no goals. I was living literally minute-by-minute. And now, I'm absolutely goal-oriented, I have a long-term plan, I know what I want to do. I know what the next step is. Every decision is based off, ‘Is this going to get me to the next step?' I do very few instant-gratification things.” They pause. “If me of all people can make it back, I know other people can.” Besides, they say, they have a support system now. During our conversation, they receive a text from Jordan Wilson, their phone cackling with the sound of the Joker (Swift is a huge Batman fan). A quiet 24-year-old point guard, Wilson played at William Jessup University, a Christian school in Rocklin, and then in New Zealand. They and Swift work out four or five days a week. Swift texts them daily. Says Wilson: “I know it's just an adult league, but it's kind of refreshing to see how serious they take basketball.”
Advertisement
It's not sunshine and roses. Swift still has an extremely strained relationship with their family (he says they only communicates with their mother through Facebook, which sounds like hell), still owes child support payments that were set when they were earning millions in the NBA, still has no steady source of income, still seems to drink a lot of beer for a recovering drug addict, and seems to mostly subsist on a diet of fast food and protein powder. Ballard bought two meals for Swift while profiling him, and Swift was worried they were about to get evicted from the hotel they have been living in.
But really, anything is better than living in the back room of your heroin dealer's house in exchange for cleaning it up some and acting as their enforcer to collect debts, better than regularly passing out in a lawn chair in the living room after having stayed awake for days on a cocktail of booze, coke, heroin, and meth. Robert Swift has lived a tortured existence in their 30 years on earth; hopefully the next 30 are kinder.
[Sports Illustrated]
Buy Photo A view from the people mover of posts in the former Hudson's location in downtown Detroit on Wednesday March 4, 2015. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
LANSING -- Transformational brownfield projects would get tax incentives under a bill that passed the House of Representatives on Thursday with bipartisan support.
Related:
The package of bills is intended to help redevelop blighted sites that have long sat vacant because of the cost of dealing with demolition and environmental problems, like the Summit Place Mall in Waterford, the Silverdome in Pontiac and the Hudson's property in downtown Detroit. Businessman Dan Gilbert has proposed to turn the Hudson's block into the highest skyscraper in the city filled with retail, office and residential space.
“Before 2011, we had these brownfield tax credits, and we were doing $450 to $500 million in investments. When that was eliminated, we unilaterally disarmed. Economic development folks lost an important tool,” said state Rep. Andy Schor, D-Lansing. “We gave up on revitalizing our communities, but these bills are going to allow us to reinvest in our hometowns.”
But 19 Republicans and three Democrats voted against the bill with some of them calling the tax breaks corporate welfare or crony capitalism.
“These are nothing more than bailouts of uneconomic projects,” said Rep. Martin Howrylak, R-Troy. “We should stand up and say we don't support crony capitalism.”
SB 111-115 would:
Allow for the capture of 50% of the income taxes of workers at the development site and the exemption from sales and use taxes for transformational brownfield projects that have a capital investment by a developer in six population categories ranging from at least $500 million in cities with a population of more than 600,000 to $15 million in a community with a population of 25,000 or less.
The project must be a mixed-used development combining residential, retail, office and/or hotel uses and at least 35% of the projects would be earmarked for cities, villages or townships with populations of under 100,000.
Developers could not be reimbursed until the investment was actually certified. The tax credit would have to be approved by the local community, the Michigan Strategic Fund, an independent third party that analyzes the project and the Michigan treasurer.
Each city is limited to not more than five transformational plans over the life of the bill.
The bills had widespread support from business groups and communities hoping to clean up blighted properties in their towns.
“This legislation offers a way to revitalize the toughest brownfield properties left in our communities. It will make it possible to transform these empty sites into exciting, vibrant destinations that create jobs and opportunity for our communities,” said Kent Wood, director of government relations for the Northern Michigan Chamber Alliance in a statement released after the vote. “It truly can be a game-changer.”
During testimony on the bills last month, Paula Holtz, economic development director for Tecumseh, described a former industrial site that had employed 4,000 people, but had been left vacant, blighted and contaminated when Tecumseh Products closed. It left a 55-acre hole in the heart of the city. Now a city resident has purchased the property and has proposed redeveloping the property, but needs the help to clean up the problems at the site.
“This is instrumental to our health and well-being,” they said. “It's an opportunity unlike anything we would get in the future," Holtz said.
And Jared Fleisher, vice president for government affairs for Quicken Loans, told lawmakers during a Tax Policy Committee hearing last month that Gilbert's plans for the Hudson's property redevelopment would be greatly scaled back without the incentives.
“What this comes down to, it's a choice for the state of Michigan. These are sites that have been in this type of condition for years, decades,” they said. “We have a choice we can leave these sites as they are or we can turn them into thriving areas.”
But some lawmakers said they were adamantly opposed to giving tax breaks to the wealthiest instead of ordinary taxpayers.
“This is corporate welfare. It is helping a small group of very wealthy developers to get wealthier,” said Rep. Yousef Rabhi, D-Ann Arbor. “We're losing tax dollars that we could have invested in our schools, roads, universities … At the end of the day, there are a few people who get rich off these and the rest of us are left holding the bag.”
The House had been wary of taking up the tax break for businesses, especially after they came up three votes short in February to cut the income tax on all Michigan workers from 4.25% to 3.9%.
State Rep. Steven Johnson, R-Wayland Township, added, "This is a handout to 25 wealthy developers. Do you stand for wealthy developers or hardworking taxpayers?"
After passing on votes of 85-22 or 83-24, the bills will have to go back to the Senate for concurrence in the changes made in the House, but they are expected to be quickly approved next week.
Gov. Rick Snyder has been an opponent of targeted tax breaks, but has said that they generally support the concepts of these transformational brownfield tax breaks.
Contact Kathleen Gray: 313-223-4430 or kgray99@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2pb9Fo6
Residents in the West End, many of them elderly, say that some unscrupulous property investors are harassing them in an attempt to get them to sell their strata condos.
In some of Vancouver's overheated residential areas, owners of strata properties are under tremendous pressure to sell. One homeowners' group says that has led to bad behaviour by a small number of developers and real estate companies to force strata owners out of their buildings.
Tony Gioventu, executive director for the Condominium homeowners Association of BC, has been advising condo owners who say they are being harassed. They say the bullying tactics started around the time the province made changes to the Strata Property Act with Bill 40, removing the requirement that all owners agree to liquidate in order to sell a building. Now, only 80 per cent of strata owners need to agree in order to start the process. That legislative change has opened the door to investors with underhanded tactics, they say. Elderly residents living on low incomes are the easiest targets. One tactic, Mr. Gioventu says, is to buy up units to obtain majority power and then try to use them as rentals. They will suggest to the minority group of owners that the new tenants may be difficult or even unsavoury.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm hearing of everything from physical threats to verbal threats and harassment to threats from lawyers, and third-party agents – all kinds of aggression and attacks being targeted at the senior community and remaining owners, trying to force them out at lower-than-reasonable prices. This is the side of industry that is really appalling," Mr. Gioventu says, stressing this is not behaviour typical of the development industry – it is something new.
"It's a form of what they call 'block busting,'" they say. "If you want to redevelop a neighbourhood or buy into a building and take control, just install drug-dealer tenants or whatever it takes to make circumstances unlivable. I hate to say it, but there are unscrupulous people out there."
In one situation, an investor purchased most of the units in a larger West End building. The investor, who now holds the majority of votes on the condo board, suggested that maintenance fees would have to triple. The majority of the building residents are seniors living on pensions who won't be able to afford higher fees.
The purchase offers, Mr. Gioventu says, are almost always lower than market value. The minority owners showed Mr. Gioventu the offers they'd received from the investor.
"They are about 30 per cent above assessed value, but really, that's about 30 per cent below market value. So it's not really fair.
"And they told them if they didn't take it within 30 days, they would do everything they could to make their lives unbearable."
For old strata-condo buildings, the pressure is on like never before.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Kirk Kuester, executive managing director at Colliers International, says the older strata buildings have become a bigger focus for their firm.
"We have never been busier putting out proposals and meeting with strata corporations and educating them on the process associated with this Bill 40 legislation," they say.
"There is an abundance of older wood-frame tired buildings not at their highest and best use. And because of the economics of multifamily real estate development in Vancouver, when condo values have moved as much as they have over last couple of years, they are pulling land values up with them all the time. It puts all of these buildings at risk.
"It depends what side of the fence you are sitting on. Some [strata owners] are licking their chops. Others don't care."
With the new strata legislation, he's heard of investors taking over just enough of the units to make it impossible for the other owners to form an 80-per-cent majority.
"There are people that are quietly out and about in some of these prime areas, and they are identifying prime buildings and trying to aggregate 21 per cent. So guess what? You and I live in a building and there are 100 suites. And we quietly watch 20 of our neighbours accept offers from a mysterious buyer and it's ultimately one buyer. One buyer now has 21 per cent of the control. There is no more 80 per cent happening.
Story continues below advertisement
"They essentially freeze the strata."
That tactic drove one group of strata residents into a panic to sell. In the West End, a senior who lives alone said a small developer has bought the majority of units in their small building and is pushing the remaining seniors to get out. We are seated in their spacious, bright apartment just off Robson, where, like many of their neighbours on the street, she's lived for three decades. The woman, in their 70s, didn't want to be identified because they fear for their safety. One agent warned them that if they didn't move, the majority owner could triple their maintenance fees. They suggested that undesirable rental tenants could soon move into the building. They also asked them how she'd feel living next door to constant construction sounds, because the majority owner of their building also owns several buildings on the block.
The woman says they have several agents calling them constantly. When they refused to sell to one agent who'd called, they started yelling expletives at them on the phone. In tears, they phoned police.
"There's been a lot of harassment," says the woman, who says they have health problems. "I love my place. The building is in good condition."
However, they now have to choose between a life of being bullied, which, they say, is "incredibly stressful," or moving out, so they can find peace again. The problem is, there is nothing for them in the same neighbourhood. Like their neighbours who've sold, she'd have to move out of their community.
Another resident of the same building said the investor had divided the homeowners from the start.
Story continues below advertisement
"He made the first buyer and the second buyer all sign non-disclosure agreements, because they didn't want us talking to each other," says the woman, who says she's too old to fight. "He's smart. They took us down one by one, broke up the group, and got us all paranoid and scared. We're pretty much living in fear.
"When it came down to the last five of us, I could tell everyone was scared. And everyone was sort of panicking because they didn't want to be the last one out, because they could make our lives miserable."
Lawyer Oscar Miklos is representing a group of strata residents that is being harassed by a new investor in their building. They say strata owners will always get a better deal if they stick together as a group.
"Sometimes, these people are very asset-rich but cash-poor … and they don't have the benefits of having a lawyer on their side. And certainly, if that's the case, then that does create a problem for them because they are victimized or prone to this type of bullying tactic.
"The developers can team up, so to speak, with their own real estate agents and the realtors can get involved as well – and depending on whom the realtor is, and how aggressive, sometimes they can be the assistant to the developer and use these type of tactics."
Mr. Miklos says strata owners facing unfair actions by a majority owner can seek help through the new Civil Resolution Tribunal, where they can represent themselves. It is like a small claims court for strata property owners, but it will also handle block-busting tactics and failure to follow strata bylaws, such as pushing for rentals when the bylaw says none is allowed.
Story continues below advertisement
Tom Reinarz is a retired builder who's lived in their West End house for 40 years. They took a break from painting their house – an "oasis," as they describe it – to talk about the changes. They have two tenants who've been with them 17 years, but at other buildings, he's seeing unfair rent increases. Buildings along their street have been bought up in the past few years. They say he's "upset" at the inflow of money coming into the city, with little regulatory controls.
"You feel like these are people who have no tie to the West End, no tie to Vancouver … It's just the way it's done. It's so disturbing.
"It's changing already. You see different people, people who have more money move in, and people that have less money – and they have to go to Burnaby or wherever – further out. So the whole thing is completely out of control."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Petro Poroshenko spoke about their plans for a ceasefire at a military graduation ceremony
Ukraine's president has set out proposals for a peace plan for eastern Ukraine involving a unilateral ceasefire by government forces.
Petro Poroshenko said the temporary truce - expected "in hours or days" - would allow pro-Russian militants in the region to lay down their arms.
One separatist group has already rejected the proposal.
Mr Poroshenko's comments come after they held a phone conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Petro Poroshenko is known in Ukraine as the "Chocolate King"
They discussed a solution to the crisis in eastern Ukraine, where pro-Russian rebels are battling government forces.
More than 30 gunmen were killed and wounded in fighting near the town of Shchastya in the Luhansk region on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the government's "anti-terrorism operation" said.
Kiev also said that 147 Ukrainian military personnel had been killed and 267 injured in fighting since March.
UN human rights investigators say the security situation in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions has deteriorated significantly over the past month.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Flames could be seen erupting from the Urengoy-Pomary-Uzhgorod Pipeline on Tuesday
Image copyright AFP Image caption Government forces have been fighting pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine since April
A report revealed a rising number of abductions and killings, with civilians increasingly caught in the crossfire and thousands forced to flee the violence.
Meanwhile, Ukraine's Interior Minister Arsen Avakov has said an explosion at a major pipeline in central Ukraine was caused by a bomb.
They said explosives had been placed under a concrete support at the Urengoy-Pomary-Uzhgorod Pipeline.
No-one was reported injured by the blast. European and Russian companies said gas exports were not affected by Tuesday's pipeline explosion.
'New warfare'
Speaking at a graduation ceremony at the National University of Defence in Kiev, Mr Poroshenko said a "brief" truce would be introduced to allow "Russian mercenaries" to leave Ukraine.
"The peace plan begins with my order for a unilateral ceasefire," Mr Poroshenko announced on Wednesday.
"We expect that disarmament of military groups and restoration of order will take place right after it."
The president added that their peace plan would have 14 points, including the closure of the Ukrainian-Russian border and changes to the constitution to give more power to the regions.
A presidential spokesperson told the BBC the ceasefire could be announced in "hours or days" but gave no further details.
But Denis Pushilin, one of the leaders of the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic, a breakaway area which has asked to join Russia, rejected the proposal for the rebels to lay down their arms, Russia's TV channel Dozhd reports.
Mr Poroshenko also said Russia was waging "a new type of warfare" with the use of professional subversive groups and volunteers.
The Kremlin confirmed that Mr Poroshenko and Mr Putin "touched upon" the issue of a possible ceasefire during their talks on Tuesday, but gave no details.
Meanwhile Russia says it has launched a criminal investigation into Ukraine's interior minister and a local governor over the killings of civilians and journalists.
Mr Avakov and Igor Kolomoisky, governor of Dnipropetrovsk, are accused of organising military operations, including rocket strikes, in cities such as Donetsk, Sloviansk and Mariupol that left more than 100 dead, Russian state media said.
I am sure, as I am writing this many of you have come across the recent announcement of Freedom251 from Ringing Bells Pvt Ltd and the huge PR the brand is generating !! I am sure, this will be a great case study for the management students and marketing wannabe people out there. I have got many students in my linkedin followers list and today, i want to give them lesson about how to tap stupid indian consumer class.
Play One
Release huge advertisemetns, just like Ringing Bells have published full page advertisements in leading dailies of India announcing their launch of 4G handset at just INR 2,999 and grabbed people's attention with the price tag. forget about 4G, even selling 3G handset with the kind of specifications mentioned is a clear loss to any brand. but that have helped the brand a lot to create buzz and making waves in the media and in my mind. So, if any marketing wannabe is reading this - please ensure that you are launching your product straight at great loss and shock your prospective consumers like us!! Amaze us with your loss making capacity !!
the advertisement was so shocking and tempting that ringing bells and smart101 both have become top trending search terms on Google for almost a week as per data - and i am one of the contributor to this achievement by spending almost 2 hours on internet trying to know more about this company
Play Two
but this is not sufficient, guys. Now comes the Play Two. Now you need to run another round of advertisement giving even more ridiculous price and add a couple of government promoted Android Apps and give it tag of make-in-India, and voila !! - government officials will be there to launch your product - irrespective to super stupid business logic. Not ready to believe? check this -
so, what happens when you promote your brand looking like you are supporting government vision? the government will ensure that you get the maximum advantage via them and government officials will be right there to help you launch the product. Still not ready to believe that? Read On....
So, most respected Indian politicians like Manohar Parrikar may launch the device and that have added wings to the PR agencies to promote the brand further. Most Indians trust Manohar Parrikar and Murli Manohar Joshi and when you have people like them attached with your brand - sales and eyeballs are bound to come.
Play Three
since you have got great PR and awareness about your brand - now it is time to start taking booking - make sure that you have decent website - enough to have some credibility and you are good to take bookings. but before taking bookings - make sure that you offer warranty on your electronic product and mention the number of service centers - irrespective of more details. just show any good number. so, the last number from LeEco - that was 650 centers - please show the same numbers again !! and ensure that you take credit of having the largest service network in India.
Play Four
just do the following :
01) dont take COD registration for your product.
02) keep handset amount as low as possible INR 251 types - so, ordinary consumers like me can forget even if you dont give us the product
03) clearly mention that you are not going to deliver immediately but you shall deliver the product only after 150 days
04) make sure that you run a very short period of 3 days only to book the products - so, i make at least more bookings than what i really need. may be 10 bookings because i am afraid that single booking may not give me the delivery !!
What you will get?
trust my stupid Indian consumer mentality
stupid Indian consumers will flock on your site and will give you huge bookings. as everyone wants to take chance to get the product at just INR 251 and we intelligent Indian consumer also think that this product have got launched by Manohar Parrikar and Murli Manohar Joshi - so this cannot be wrong. and even if we don't get the product - at least refund will come !!
Pre-booking
as an industry person, i can safely assume that you will get least 1crore booking - that is INR 251 Crores without any interest for 4 months. considering the on-the-spot interest of 9% p.a. - that is around 6 Crores easily and if you dont intend to return money to people that is bonus.
And the world is under your feet....
Interest Free Capital of INR 251 Crores at just fraction of cost (the cost of your advertisements) and if you are not going to return money then it is all yours !!
and if you are not going to return money then it is all yours !! Almost INR 6 Crores as pure income - no one will demand that back
no one will demand that back Enormous coverage of your brand - the price point & associated personalities are so compelling that all newspapers / tech sites and blogs will take note of you and further will spread awareness about your brand. The PR alone would have cost you nuclear bomb but you got it free - thanks to #makeinIndia
How is it? You are wasting your energy reading management books and reading inspiring stories of entrepreneurs. Just walk on Ringing Bells Pvt Ltd way.....
Interesting...isn't it? I have some serious questions to this government officials who are mentioned in the launch program of this brand
We Indians, trust you more than any film actor OR brand ambassador and hence we are betting INR 251 on this product. Will you please ensure that such model really gets delivered to all customers at INR 251? or you will listen company argument that demand is more than supply. Any company who plans production, is always aware about the capacity. Will you please ensure that if company realizes that they are not able to meet demand on 22nd Feb, 2016 (as the bookings will end on 21st Feb) - they return the money to poor innocent Indian consumers immediately? Have you ensured that the company whom you are backing as #makeinIndia will live up to your expectations and dont do gimmick of giving few handsets to some selected buyers and later on announce that they are stock out?
Dear Manohar Parrikar & Murli Manohar Joshi Sir,
We trust you while giving votes in last parliamentary elections when your boss, Mr.Modi said that they will give almost 15L to each Indian (remember the "bring back the black money dream")...that money is not yet credited - no problem but just ensure that I don't loose INR 251 this time !!
Yours Truly,
Stupid Innocent Indian Consumer
