It has been awhile since I've been back to my hometown near Detroit, Michigan. I took the kids there in early 2007; the cold and unemployment were a stark reminder of why I left.
The abandoned buildings. For Sale signs. The way the road goes from smooth to bumpy when you cross the state line. Boarded up windows, failed 'revitalization' efforts. Friends laid off. Friends looking for work. Friends moving to get work. Family leaving, family staying, family commuting to other states for part-time jobs and part-time pay.
Make no mistake, I LOVE my hometown. I LOVE the Midwest. I think anyone and everyone should live and work and grow in these cities and towns-but understand when I tell you that Senator Barack Obama is DEAD ON when they talk about the bitterness of residents.
Are you hearing me?
This former Midwest girl is telling you Obama is not being 'elite' or 'out of touch' -he could NOT be MORE in touch. He's LISTENING and understanding that many of us who moved away and many of us that stayed are angry, frustrated, disappointed, disillusioned, and UNEMPLOYED.
In what world do Obama's remarks constitute 'looking down on'? I'm sorry, Senator Clinton-but are you HIGH? I am watching you right now, speaking in Indiana on CNN, and you are 'somewhat taken aback' by what Senator Obama said. Are you unaware that when life is as bad as it can possibly be, people turn to religion? Are you unaware that frustrated individuals tend to take up arms when they feel their very well being threatened by their surroundings?
Senator Clinton, let me be as clear as I possibly can here:
Barack Obama is giving voice to millions of us by speaking the TRUTH. He's simply vocalizing exactly what I hear from my uncle, from my high school friend, from my former teacher, from my now re-located parents.  They are speaking about what he's heard, what he's been told, what they have seen.
Senator Obama's remarks reminds me yet again that they are one of us. They Get IT. They know that I LEFT Detroit. I AM BITTER. I AM PISSED OFF. THERE ARE NO JOBS IN MY HOMETOWN. I couldn't move my family back there if I WANTED TO.
When I do take trips back home it is depressing. My husband NEVER wants to visit because they can't stand how dejected everyone is and how run down the whole place seems. Are there some amazing neighborhoods and jobs-- of course. Is it horrible everywhere -- of course not. Is it worse there than in many other places in the US-damn right.
Do you think I like living 3-thousand miles away from my family and friends? Do you think it's fun for me to watch everyone I know get laid off, go into bankruptcy, lose their house, work two low paying jobs, move into their parents home? Do you think I am NOT bitter about any of this?
Spin it. Go ahead. Talk about how those remarks make them seem elite and condescending. It is so absurd that it only confirms for me that you and Senator McCain are COMPLETELY OUT OF TOUCH with what REAL Americans think and do and want.
The sad news of the Dalai Lama's death has hit me harder than I would have expected. In case you haven't heard, they passed away late last night and has since been the subject of countless obituaries and articles that pay homage to him, many of which have brought me to tears. Being a man who spent their entire life spreading teachings of love, enlightenment and calmness of mind, it was assumed by all their fans (myself included) that the Dalai Lama passed on peacefully- perhaps whilst sleeping or meditating- gently drifting off to become reincarnated, no doubt.
But this morning, reporting directly from the incident's location (the Dalai Lama's second holiday home in Malibu, CA) their family and friends have confirmed the cause of death to be much more shocking: Suicide. That's right. I could barely believe it. Why would the happiest man on earth, who surely must have reached enlightenment a good number of times by now, have any reason to top himself?
It wasn't long before all questions were answered. On the Dalai Lama's Twitter feed, along with the hashtag #Dalai'sDead, a video on Depression Awareness Month was posted. The sad truth was out. Their holiness (or whatever the hell you're supposed to call the King of the Buddhists) was not a happy man.
That foulest of beasts depression has already claimed so many great souls, Robin Williams having been the one still on everyone's lips. They were another man who devoted their life to spreading joy only to feel empty inside whilst doing it and it seems, to the general public's absolute shock, that the Dalai Lama was no different. Less than a few hours after the big revelation Sky News managed to grab a quick interview with a fellow monk and close colleague of the Dalai Lama's who wished to remain anonymous. They had this to say:
“The Dalai Lama was never really happy. Sure, they spoke a lot about oneness with the universe and the eternal soul within all that lives, but that was just their way of putting on a brave face. Beneath the skin they were tormented with demons and could at times be quite hateful. I daresay all that “change must come from within” malarkey was just a way to avoid going to their AA meetings”.
Renowned atheist and dangerously logical thinker Richard Dawkins chimed in, offering their opinion on the Dalai's death and the man's spiritualism in general:
“It's all a lark. Enlightenment, like a fine wine or even one of my books, will get boring after years and years. Taking nothing for granted and feeling ecstatic just to have your health, your friends and your family would definitely grate after a while. The only true way to be happy is to sit behind a microscope or watch a documentary on physics. To think otherwise would be idiotic”.
I'm expecting to be in mourning for a good while, not only because a great man has died but because the knowledge of their internal suffering makes their teachings ring hollow. Is anyone ever truly happy in this world? Other than Richard Dawkins? Can humanity ever beat depression? Prepare yourself for endless suicide hotlines and articles about depression awareness that will be clogging up your news feed for the next few weeks. Luckily this only happens when someone important kills themselves. Everyone will have forgotten all about it in a few weeks when someone even more important has a child or gets sacked from the BBC. Like tears in the rain.
Speaking of Suicide
Capitalising not only on Colorado's legalisation of marijuana but also the recently released documentary Montage of Heck, the remaining members of Nirvana are to sponsor the development of a new double-barreled bong: the Kurt Cobain. One test-user described it as “killer” and Grohl has stated that it will “blow your mind!”
Advertisements
J.J. Abrams has always been known for their secretive ways. But now that they hold the keys that unlock the beloved Star Wars universe, their answers are more sought-after than ever.
So it's no wonder that most of the famous attendees at Vanity Fair's New Establishment Summit—from Jared Leto to Lena Dunham—had burning questions for Abrams. And J.J. answered them! Well, some of them.
The subjects ranged from Lost to Cloverfield to J.J.'s hiring practices, but always came back to that galaxy far, far away. The pressure is on for Abrams. In a panel conversation with Apple's chief design officer, Jonathan Ive, and producer Brian Grazer, Abrams said, “Now that we're into October,” they said, “it's getting real. It's nerve-racking, the notion of it. But whenever I get freaked out, I just look at the work everyone has done.” But no matter how high the pressure and how many questions people ask, Abrams won't open their famous mystery box for just anyone. No, not even George Lucas.
Abstract
This article reviews the ways in which radical feminism has been and continues to be trans inclusive. Trans inclusive radical feminist opinion leaders, groups, and events are reviewed and contrasted against a popular media narrative that asserts that radical feminism takes issue with trans people. Reviewed are historical instances in which radical feminists braved violence to ensure their feminism was trans inclusive.
In this article, I will review some of the ways in which the inclusion and support of trans people by radical feminists has been hidden from trans and feminist discourse, thereby creating the perception that radical feminism isn't supportive of trans people. John Stoltenberg, a radical feminist author and long-term partner of the pioneering radical feminist opinion leader Andrea Dworkin, wrote (pers. comm., February 13, 2015), “The notion that truly revolutionary radical feminism is trans-inclusive is a no brainer. I honestly do not understand how or why a strain of radical feminism has emerged that favors a biology-based/sex-essentialist theory of ‘sex caste' over the theory of ‘sex class' as set forth in the work of [Monique] Wittig, Andrea [Dworkin], and [Catharine] MacKinnon. Can radical feminism be ‘reclaimed' so that its trans-inclusivity—which is inherent—is made apparent? I hope so.” It is to this hope that I wish to draw attention to in this article.
To this end, I will utilize the feminist term trans exclusionary radical feminist (TERF) to distinguish the “biology-based/sex-essentialist” ideology Stoltenberg identified as being different from the analysis of the radical feminist opinion leaders they explicitly noted. In 2008, an online feminist community popularized TERF as a way of making a distinction between these two types of feminism. While this lexical distinction is useful, online TERF activists sometimes assert this term to be a slur, since some Internet users have used it in derogatory ways. Internet conflicts aside, I use this term in a manner consistent with its widely known original context, as asserted by the progenitor of the term, cisgender feminist Viv Smythe (Williams 2014a): “It was not meant to be insulting. It was meant to be a deliberately technically neutral description of an activist grouping. We wanted a way to distinguish TERFs from other RadFems with whom we engaged who were trans*-positive/neutral, because we had several years of history of engaging productively/substantively with non-TERF RadFems.”
Absent this distinction, much has been written of the various ways in which “radical feminism” is critical of the trans experience. It is commonplace to find popular media outlets assert that “radical feminists” take issue with trans people. The Globe and Mail asserted (Wente 2014), “In fact, the most bitter battle in the LGBT movement today is between radical feminists and the transgender movement.” The New Yorker recounted (Goldberg 2014) how a conference calling itself “Radfems Respond” was “going to try to explain why, at a time when transgender rights are ascendant, radical feminists insist on regarding transgender women as men, who should not be allowed to use women's facilities, such as public restrooms, or to participate in events organized exclusively for women.” The National Post said (Kay 2014) that radical feminism and Paul McHugh are of one mind when it comes to trans people: “True sex change is simply not possible; you end up as a ‘feminized man' or a ‘masculinized woman.' Which is exactly what the radical feminists believe.”
Lost in these popular representations of radical feminism is its long and courageous trans inclusive history. These narratives don't tell us that Dworkin ensured that their 1980s-era prowoman legal activism was trans inclusive. Through these popular radfem vs. trans narratives, we also lose the reality that the sound of the 1970s-era women's music movement was engineered by an out trans woman because Olivia Records, the radical feminist lesbian separatist music collective, was itself trans inclusive, and we certainly don't hear that Olivia paid for trans medical care. Olivia, born out of the radical feminist lesbian collective The Furies, went on to become a “hugely successful recording company, marketing radical lesbian recordings and performances that soon defined the ‘women's music' movement” (Morris 2015: 290).
When promoting the idea that TERF activism is radical feminism itself, it becomes difficult to clearly see the courage of the women of Olivia who endured months of threats of boycott and violence from TERF activists who demanded that the collective become trans exclusionary (Williams 2014b). When an armed group of TERF activists showed up at an Olivia show to murder out-trans woman and Olivia member Sandy Stone, it's important to note that this group's ideology was different from the radical feminism of Olivia. According to Stone, the threats of death and violence became common. “We were getting hate mail about me. . . . The death threats were directed at me, but there were violent consequences proposed for the Collective if they didn't get rid of me.” Olivia and Stone were informed that a TERF group named The Gorgons asserted that they would murder Stone if Olivia's show came to Seattle. Stone said that the Olivia show was “probably the only women's music tour that was ever done with serious muscle security.” Making good on their threats, armed Gorgons came to the show but were disarmed by Olivia security. Stone said, “In fact, Gorgons did come and they did have guns taken away from them. I was terrified. During a break between a musical number someone shouted out ‘GORGONS!' and I made it from my seat at the console to under the table the console was on at something like superluminal speed. I stayed under there until it was clear that I wasn't about to be shot” (Williams 2014b).
Similarly, we need to acknowledge that there was an ideological difference between the radical feminism promoted at the largest lesbian gathering to date (Stryker 2008: 104)—the 1973 West Coast Lesbian Conference (WCLC)—and that of a group of TERF activists who attempted to rush the conference stage and bash out-trans woman and conference co-organizer Beth Elliott. When the radical feminists of WCLC stood in the way of the violent TERF activists—physically protecting a WCLC trans woman—and TERFs turned on those brave radical feminists and physically beat them instead, what does it say about the historical foundation of a contemporary TERF movement that consistently represents itself as radical feminism to the media? Robin Tyler, an early radical, feminist, lesbian women's music producer, was one of the women who protected Elliott from assault. “We defended Beth Elliott. Robin Morgan came up with this horrible speech and when Beth went on stage to play their guitar and sing, [TERFs] started threatening them Patty [Harrison] and I jumped on stage and we got hit, because they came onto the stage to physically beat her” (Williams 2014c).
The obfuscation of the trans inclusive nature of radical feminism was apparent when TERF activist Sheila Jeffreys spoke at the Andrea Dworkin Commemorative Conference. While they credited Dworkin as being their inspiration and spoke at length about Dworkin's pioneering book, Woman Hating, they also denigrated the bodies of trans women and asserted trans medical care to be unnecessary. During their entire presentation, Jeffreys never once noted that—in the very book Jeffreys cited as being the inspiration for their activism—Dworkin advocated that trans people be given free access to trans medical care or that Dworkin viewed gender identity research as being subversive to patriarchy. Dworkin wrote (1974: 175), “Work with transsexuals, and studies of formation of gender identity in children provide basic information which challenges the notion that there are two discrete biological sexes. That information threatens to transform the traditional biology of sex difference into the radical biology of sex similarity.” They went on to write, “Every transsexual is entitled to a sex-change operation, and it should be provided by the community as one of its functions” (186).
When confronted with the sex essentialism of TERF activists, pioneering radical feminist Catharine MacKinnon wrote (Williams 2015), “Male dominant society has defined women as a discrete biological group forever. If this was going to produce liberation, we'd be free. . . . To me, women is a political group. I never had much occasion to say that, or work with it, until the last few years when there has been a lot of discussion about whether transwomen are women.” Moreover, MacKinnon said (On Century Avenue 2015), “I always thought I don't care how someone becomes a woman or a man; it does not matter to me. It is just part of their specificity, their uniqueness, like everyone else's. Anybody who identifies as a woman, wants to be a woman, is going around being a woman, as far as I'm concerned, is a woman.” Stoltenberg echoed MacKinnon, saying, “Whatever individual trans folks' political views, their existence is threatening the conservatism of sex essentialism across a broad spectrum of sex-and-gender fundamentalists. And in this respect, I believe, trans folks are on today's front lines” (pers. comm., March 14, 2015).
It is my opinion that something intrinsic to radical feminism is lost when we characterize “radical feminism” as being locked in a bitter battle against trans people. Such assertions hide an exceptionally courageous history of radical trans inclusion. Moreover, conflating TERF ideology with radical feminism erases the voices of numerous radical feminist opinion leaders. Worse, when we fail to notice the voices of radical feminists who've stood by the trans community, we participate in diminishing the very feminism that braved violence and possible death to ensure that all women—even trans women—were included in their work toward the liberation of women.
I wish to express my profound gratitude to the two transgender historians who inspired my interest in researching trans history: Leslie Feinberg and Susan Stryker. Also, I wish to thank K. J. Rawson for their dedication to the preservation of transgender history. Lastly, I wish to thank those who helped care for the Houston Transgender Archive: Alexis Melvin, Monyque Starr, Koomah, Bethany Townsend, Daniel Williams, Carolyn Bosma, Robin Mack, and innumerable Trans Center volunteers.
References
References Dworkin Andrea 1974 . Woman Hating . New York : Penguin . Goldberg Michelle 2014 . “ What Is a Woman? ” New Yorker , August 4 . www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/08/04/woman-2. . “ Kay Barbara 2014 . “ Barbara Kay: Transgendered Advocacy Has Gone Too Far .” National Post , August 6 . www.news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/barbara-kay-transgendered-advocacy-has-gone-too-far. . “.” Morris Bonnie 2015 . “ Olivia Records: The Production of a Movement .” Journal of Lesbian Studies 19 , no. 3 : 290 – 304 . . “.”, no. On Century Avenue . 2015 . “ Harm Is Harm, Hello .” March 9 . www.oncenturyavenue.org/2015/03/harm-is-harm-hello/. . “.” Stryker Susan 2008 . Transgender History . Berkeley, CA : Seal . Wente Margaret 2014 . “ The March of Transgender Rights .” Globe and Mail , August 2 . www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-march-of-transgender-rights/article19888036/. . “.” Williams Cristan 2014a . “ TERF: What It Means and Where It Came From .” TransAdvocate , March 15 . www.transadvocate.com/terf-what-it-means-and-where-it-came-from_n_13066.htm. . “.” Williams Cristan 2014b . “ TERF Hate and Sandy Stone .” TransAdvocate , August 16 . www.transadvocate.com/terf-violence-and-sandy-stone_n_14360.htm. . “.” Williams Cristan 2014c . “ That Time TERFs Beat RadFems for Protecting a Trans Woman from Their Assault .” TransAdvocate , August 17 . www.transadvocate.com/that-time-terfs-beat-radfems-for-protecting-a-trans-woman-from-assault_n_14382.htm. . “.” Williams Cristan 2015 . “ Sex, Gender, and Sexuality: The TransAdvocate Interviews Catharine A. MacKinnon .” TransAdvocate , April 7 . www.transadvocate.com/sex-gender-and-sexuality-the-transadvocate-interviews-catharine-a-mackinnon_n_15037.htm. . “.”
Copyright © 2016 by Duke University Press
2016
A woman was killed in a stabbing attack that occurred after they and a friend took pictures of panhandling men at the busy intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue on Tuesday night, police said.
The victim was identified Wednesday afternoon as Christine Calderon, 27, of Lynwood, by the Los Angeles County Department of Coroner. They died during surgery at a local hospital, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.
Three men have been arrested in the stabbing, which occurred near an American Eagle Outfitters store on Hollywood Boulevard, along the Walk of Fame. Monta Cobbin, a store employee, said several people had tried to help the victim.
"The girl was just laying on the ground with blood everywhere," said Cobbin. "Everyone was trying to help them stop the blood."
Calderon was walking with a friend in the tourist-centered area of Hollywood (map) when they took cell-phone photos of three men holding signs and panhandling, the LAPD said in a news release Wednesday morning.
"A dispute ensued and ultimately the victim was stabbed in the torso," LAPD said.
The incident occurred about 8:30 p.m., LAPD said. Hollywood Area patrol officers responded. Police believe this was an isolated, random attack.
The suspects, described as three white males in the late twenties and early thirties, were arrested nearby and are now in the custody of LAPD West Bureau homicide detectives, police said.
Coroner Assistant Chief Ed Winter said Calderon was pronounced dead at 11:42 p.m., Winter said.
More Southern California Stories:
Some of the toughest lumberjacks are coming to the Tinley Park Convention Center July 15-16 for the STIHL TIMBERSPORTS Series U.S. Pro and Collegiate Championships (www.stihlusa.com/stihl-timbersports/). The event features lumberjack competitions like the hot saw, standing block chop, and single buck. Tickets for the event are sold out at this time.Along with the lumberjacks competing will be a group of men who look the part, but don't live the lifestyle. So-called lumbersexuals dress in flannel and usually have magnificent beards, but are also typically city-dwellers without much knowledge of lumberjack culture. Dinty Moore teamed up with STIHL TIMBERSPORTS to prepare a group lumbersexuals to compete with the pros. Competitive lumberjack and trainer, Adrian Flygt, and lumbersexual team member Ben White, visited the ABC 7 State Street Studios to show us what they've learned.Lumbersexuals competing at the STIHL TIMBERSPORTS Series U.S. Pro and Collegiate ChampionshipsLumbersexuals competing on Friday, July 15; STIHL TIMBERSPORTS Series U.S. Pro and Collegiate Championships are July 15-16Lumbersexuals competing at 4:00 p.m.; lumberjack competition begins at 5:00 p.m.Tinley Park Convention Center, 18451 Convention Center Drive Tinley Park, IL 60477Event is now sold-out. Tickets for the Championship were complimentary.Campaign website: http://www.moorejacks.com/ Event website: www.stihlusa.com/stihl-timbersports/ For more information about the journey to becoming a lumberjack with the makers of Dinty Moore stew, visit www.moorejacks.com and join in the #MooreJacks conversation on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.
After the 1981 regular season, Lawrence Taylor, linebacker for the New York Giants, became the only rookie ever named the National Football League's defensive player of the year. They were 6-foot-3, 240 pounds and quick as a cat, running 40 yards in 4.5 seconds. They are, Lewis says, “a new kind of athlete doing a new kind of thing.” This is how Taylor described their thing:
“I'll drive my helmet” into the quarterback, “or, if I can, I'll bring my arm up over my head and try to ax the sonuvabitch in two. So long as the guy is holding the ball, I intend to hurt him. ... If I hit the guy right, I'll hit a nerve and he'll feel electrocuted, he'll forget for a few seconds that he's on a football field.”
Terrifying, disorienting and injuring quarterbacks is most of a linebacker's job description. Taylor concentrated coaches' minds on the problem of protecting quarterbacks. Most of them are right-handed, which means that when they are passing, threats from their left come thundering at them from their blind side. Hence the sudden interest in large and agile left offensive tackles. This interest intensified when Bill Walsh, coach of the San Francisco 49ers, devised the West Coast offense. It floods the secondary with receivers. More receivers mean fewer pass blockers, so the left tackle has more problems to cope with.
Which is why by 2004 the average salary of an N.F.L. left tackle was $5.5 million a year, second only to the average for quarterbacks. The five most highly paid left tackles were earning almost $3 million more than the five most highly paid right tackles. That is very good news for Oher, one of 13 siblings from the nation's third-poorest ZIP code.
They had finished the 9th grade, but the 10th was unlikely, and they were on track to be selling drugs, en route to jail or an early grave. Their father was long gone, their mother was in and out of drug rehab. In their file from the public school system — they had been in 11 different schools in nine years — the numbers looked, Lewis says, “like misprints.” Theirs measured I.Q. was 80; their “ability to learn” placed them in the sixth percentile. They had repeated first and second grades. The school system said that through the fourth grade they had performed at “grade level,” which is odd because they never attended third grade. They were almost nonverbal. Essentially unparented throughout their childhood, they scavenged for clothes, slept here and there in (sometimes slightly) less disorganized households than that of their mother, who when Michael was 5 was caring for seven boys and three girls, all under 15. Caring, that is, in their fashion. And not at all for 10 or so days after the first of each month, when their welfare check arrived and they disappeared to feed their addiction to crack cocaine. On one occasion, lasting for weeks, their mother and seven boys slept in an old Chevy, washing themselves in a service station bathroom. For five years they lived in various households in a housing project with about a thousand residents and “no two-parent families: zero.” It is unsurprising that Oher, according to Lewis, became a teenager who “didn't know what an ocean was, or a bird's nest, or the tooth fairy.”
But the father of a friend, seeking a Christian education for their son, took Oher along on a visit to one of the many private schools created after the policy of forced busing, intended to achieve racial balance, provoked the departure of 7,000 children from Memphis's public schools. Oher came to the attention of Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy, parents of children at one of these schools. They are white; they are the religious right.
Photo
Taco Bell franchises had made Sean a lot of money. Nature had made Leigh Anne into a human firecracker, exploding with energy. Their evangelical Christianity made them receptive to the possibility of redemption in the here and now. And attending Ole Miss had made them football-crazy. They became Oher's legal guardians. (One of Leigh Anne's cousins called late one night: “All right, I've just had my fifth beer. Who the hell is this black kid in y'all's Christmas card?”) They got Oher, with their 50-inch waist, into a size-58-long sport coat and into the Briarcrest Christian School.
When Oher wandered into the school gym, a coach tossed a basketball to him, expecting them to take it to the hoop, as a 6-foot-5 boy might, or kick it into the stands, as a 344-pound boy might. Instead, Oher caught it, dribbled three times between their legs, spun and drained a three-point shot from the corner of the floor. A human mountain with moves like a point guard? Two words spring to mind: left tackle.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Getting Oher their high school diploma became quite a project for the Tuohys. No one in Oher's family had ever had even a driver's license. When Leigh Anne told them to get their backpack from the foyer, they had no idea where that was. But with the help of tutors, by the first semester of their senior year they had risen to 162nd in a class of 163. “He's picking them off one at a time,” Sean crowed, “like Sergeant York.” The Tuohys found some interesting ways of getting high school credits off the Internet. (Lewis calls the Brigham Young University program of correspondence courses “the great Mormon grade-grab.” Sean, evangelical but broad-minded, says: “The Mormons may be going to hell. But they really are nice people.”) Anyway, Oher satisfied N.C.A.A. criteria for college eligibility.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Oher's childhood of grinding deprivation might have put them on a path to riches. Lewis commits some perhaps dubious sociology when they declare that a miserable ghetto childhood can be excellent preparation for football: “It made you angry, it made you aggressive, it made you want to tear someone's head off. The N.F.L. was loaded with players who had mined a loveless, dysfunctional childhood for sensational acts of violence.”
Be that as it may, there came a day when a bevy of assistant football coaches from the Southeastern Conference, the Big Ten, the Atlantic Coast Conference and elsewhere came to a Briarcrest practice. There Oher and a wee 270-pound teammate faced off, one on one, for a demonstration collision. In an instant, Oher effortlessly shoved their teammate down the field. In a flash, the coaches fired up their cellphones. Lewis says the Clemson coach rushed up to Oher's coach, saying, “I have seen all I need to see,” and added that Oher could have a full scholarship. Later, Tennessee's head coach watched Michael for half an hour and pronounced them the nation's best. A national recruiting frenzy had begun, from schools in states Michael could not find on a map.
When Ole Miss introduced its new football coach, they announced that their first goal was to recruit Oher. The coach barged into the Tuohys' living room, took a gander at Oher and exclaimed, as Lewis renders it, “YAAAWWW BEEE BAAWWW!” (“You a big boy!”) Michael could not understand a word they said. That did not matter. They wanted to go to Ole Miss, where their newfound parents had gone.
There Sean Tuohy told the coach, Ed Orgeron, that Oher would have trouble learning plays from a book full of X's and O's, but could learn the plays if they were presented visually, using mustard bottles and ketchup bottles to represent players. Lewis reports:
“ ‘Coach,' said Sean. ‘My faith believes that the Lord sends down gifts for everyone and our job is to find those gifts. Michael's gift is the gift of memory. When they know it, they know it.'
“Coach O stopped scribbling and looked up. ‘I'm going to tell you one thing, Sean,' they bellowed. ‘He's got some pretty good [expletive] feet, too. You have seen them feet? Now them feet: that's a [expletive] gift!' ”
Oher was not a whale out of water at Ole Miss. Lewis says that the typical football player in Michael's college class “had third-grade-level reading skills. Several had never taken math. Ever.” Michael's three closest friends among their Ole Miss teammates had children. One had become a father at 15. Michael brought a teammate, Quentin Taylor, to the Tuohys' home for Thanksgiving, and Taylor mentioned that they had fathered three children by two different mothers. Lewis writes:
“Leigh Anne pulled the carving knife from the turkey and said, ‘Quentin, you can do what you want and it's your own business. But if Michael Oher does that I'm cutting their penis off.' From the look on Quentin's face Michael could see they didn't think they were joking.”
They probably aren't. They and Sean seriously, ferociously, implacably care about Oher. They were the first adults to do so.
Last season Michael was named to the first-team first-year student all-American team — as a “true first-year student.” That is college-football-speak for a player who is not “redshirted.” And that is college-football-speak for holding a player out of competition for a year while they spend time in the center of their academic life — no, silly, not the library, the weight room.
On Friday nights, American high schools discover talent that universities refine on Saturdays, for the nation's eventual delight on Sundays. Oher's story is not pretty, but Lewis tells it well — and against all odds, it may be heading for a happy ending.
Nick Ulivieri | 3.23.11
I have trouble keeping my tiny ML-L3 remote handy. Especially when I'm outside shooting lighting, or every other time I'm using it really. I always manage to put it in a different pocket when I move my tripod, go to dab off errant water droplets, adjust food plates, etc. So I decided to put an end to this problem last night after looking through 5 different pockets to find the remote (a new personal record).
Chance would have it that as I was looking for some sort of cord or key chain to creativley adhere to my remote I found an old Ligher Leash, the “super cool” retractable lighter holder, buried in a drawer. Much to my surprise the ML-L3 remote fits PERFECTLY in the lighter grip! Now I can attachch it to my sleeve/glove/belt and always know where it is, and more importantly, keep it close. They are only a couple of bucks, and you can usually find them hiding out around gas station/convenience store counters. You know, by the lighters.
I'm not sure how much size variance there is across different brand/models of remotes, but my guess is that as long as a remote is around 1 1/8″ wide and 1/4″ deep you can find a way to make it work.
In the depths of the recession of 1990/1991, deeply affected by years of economic decline that saw major corporations vacate their downtown corporate offices, downtown Hamilton was not the place to be for office space. Many spots sat empty, a shadow of what they once were and the jobs that once existed therein.
Over the next few decades, driven by quite affordable properties and the preservation of historically significant buildings, office spaces began to fill up once again.
“Our office vacancy rate just a few years ago was around 19% and now we're at 13%, and taking just one tower out of the equation, we would be at 7%,” says Judy Lam, Acting Manager of Urban Renewal for the City of Hamilton's Economic Development Office. “Hamilton offers the richest suite of financial incentive programs for any downtown in Canada, and this has spurred on new investments both from the residential and commercial side,” says Lam.
“We've been in downtown Hamilton since 1995, a time when there was a lot of space available,” said Gary Graham, Partner, Gowling WLG. “When our first lease in one of the office towers expired in 2005 we had to decide: do we stay or do we move out to a highway-type location? We chose to stay and to make a big commitment to the fabulous grand banking hall that we moved into. We just love the direction in which the downtown is trending-the emerging foodie scene, the growing younger demographic, and some great new restaurant and patio venues.”
With an ample supply of office spaces that feature brick and beam construction from several decades ago, Hamilton has been able to attract a new suite of office users in new economic areas such as animation, app development, and healthcare development.
In fact, the former office spaces that once housed the executives of Stelco Canada has been renovated into working space for the administrative staff of Hamilton's largest employer, Hamilton Health Sciences. Across the street, IBM Canada has established a new office presence in collaboration with the hospital, creating IBM's first innovation centre in Canada focused on cognitive computing and health care.
“The relocation of our administrative offices to the downtown is a signal to the rest of the city, and to outside investors, that we believe in the future of the Hamilton's core and we want to help enable the changes occurring here, and that healthcare research and innovation are a cornerstone of Hamilton's economy,” said Rob MacIsaac, President and CEO of Hamilton Health Sciences.
Over the next few years, with all day GO Train service being implemented and an LRT line running through the core, it will be a highly coveted area to live, work and play. In fact there are now almost 3,000 condominium units either under construction or soon to be under construction in the downtown core, and many of those living downtown are working downtown in renovated office spaces. And, of course, they're frequenting one of Canada's hottest culinary scenes, with new bistros, bars and coffee shops opening up amongst eclectic art galleries.
“You can live near the Hamilton West Harbour district, walk three minutes to outstanding dining spots, and then two more minutes to residential and office developments,” says Judy Lam. “The leasing rates are $10-$25 net in Hamilton, which has been quite attractive for Toronto investors, but more than that people are relocating to these spots because the downtown is highly walkable, has character buildings, and there is a massive arts and culture and culinary scene all within block of each other. It's all about the synergies and sense of community you don't get in Toronto,” says Lam.
“Get in now,” says Lam. “Five years ago, the scene wasn't there, and five years from now the deals may not be there to have. This is the time and this is the place!”
This story was provided by City of Hamilton for commercial purposes.
CppCon – The C++ Conference
In 2012 and 2013, Microsoft put on the GoingNative conference which is all about portable C++ on all compilers and platforms. The two GoingNative events were wildly popular and have been two of the biggest C++ conferences ever, so developers have been asking us: Will there be a GoingNative 2014, and when?
In their Build conference session Modern C++: What You Need to Know today, Herb Sutter announced that the GoingNative organizers have decided that there's no need to put on a standalone GoingNative 2014, because there's going to be something even better: The GoingNative organizers and the Visual C++ team are going to put their efforts behind organizing and promoting the new CppCon to be held in Bellevue, WA September 7-12, 2014.
Bjarne Stroustrup is the opening keynote speaker.
From the CppCon web site:
CppCon is the annual, week-long face-to-face gathering for the entire C++ community. The conference is organized by the C++ community for the community. You will enjoy inspirational talks and a friendly atmosphere designed to help attendees learn from each other, meet interesting people, and generally have a stimulating experience. Taking place this year in the beautiful Seattle neighborhood and including multiple diverse tracks, the conference will appeal to anyone from C++ novices to experts.
That's exactly what we're seeing as it shapes up, and we are super excited to be one of the supporters of CppCon. It will truly be an honorable and better replacement for GoingNative – GN on steroids, if you will, but also more than GN was by itself. With CppCon, there's no longer a need to put on a separate GoingNative – CppCon is just better in every way.
The Call for Submissions is still open, so we don't know the final session list yet. However, topics that are expected to be covered in CppCon sessions include some you'll likely anticipate, as well as others you'll be surprised and delighted to see covered by experts in their fields:
C++11 and C++14, of course
C++ libraries and frameworks
Parallelism and multiprocessing, including coverage of the Concurrency TS, Parallelism TS, and other C++ libraries and tools for parallel computing
Concepts and generic programming
Functional programming
High-performance and low-latency computing
Real-world application experience reports
Tools and processes for C++ development
Using C++ in mobile applications, embedded devices, and Internet of Things
Industry-specific C++: gaming, trading, scientific, robotics, …
And more…
If you liked GoingNative, you will love CppCon – think of it as a huge superset of GoingNative. Whereas GoingNative was limited to 300 in-person attendees, CppCon is not. It will contain all the high-quality talks and panels that GoingNative had, but for twice as long (a whole week) and across several tracks (roughly five) instead of just one, for a total of 150+ talk sessions expected – plus more than just regular talks, including “unconference time” with lightning talks, birds-of-a-feather sessions, evening gatherings, and more.
We strongly recommend and endorse CppCon as “the” C++ conference. If you were waiting for GoingNative 2014, we can say without reservation: Run, don't walk, to register for CppCon. Super Early Bird Registration is now open, and Student Registration is also available for a limited number of students.
Besides the CppCon announcement at the end, Herb's session also contained a lot of other useful material including answering “when should I use C++?”, “what should I know about C++ if I'm a {Java|C#|Javascript|Python|…} developer?” and why if you're serious about performance you will love contiguous arrays.
If you weren't able to be in the room, watch for a recording of the full session, and of our team's other C++ talks at Build, to be available in a few days.
Thanks!
Clay Hanna, who served in the U.S. Army from 2003 to 2008, is currently an officer in the Tennessee National Guard.
I was once a pair of “boots on the ground,” so I know a little about what the phrase means. And I can tell you that, listening to the back-and-forth between the White House and the Pentagon over who exactly we're sending to Iraq (and now possibly Syria), neither side is giving the American people the whole story. First of all, you know those boots on the ground everybody's still discussing whether we should deploy? Well, they're already there. We are already effectively engaged in combat in Iraq, in direct contradiction of what President Obama said when they announced they were taking action against the Islamic State terrorists, telling the American people in an address from the White House that the mission “will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil.” They said pretty much the same when they told troops at MacDill Air Force Base: “The American forces do not and will not have a combat mission.”
It's just not true. The only question is whether the American people will not be deceived for the umpteenth time as to what we are really doing. Like John F. Kennedy's “advisers” in Vietnam, like the U.S. military secretly training Manuel Noriega (only to arrest them on drug charges later on), or the Reagan administration giving weapons to Saddam Hussein to fight the Iranians, or the CIA funding mujahedeen in the 1980s who were later to become al Qaeda, or the Bush administration using the threat of weapons of mass destruction as a pretext for invasion, this strategy to send in “advisers” to fight the Islamic State is subterfuge, and reflects conflicted leadership.
Story Continued Below
How can we stand up and call out Vladimir Putin for their deception in Ukraine—for covertly using Russian soldiers and pretending they're Ukrainian “separatists”—and at the same time say with a straight face that our “advisers” will not have a combat mission?
Today, many of the advisers, logistics managers and other troops we already have in Iraq— said to be some 1,700 strong, including those guarding U.S. facilities—are already taking part in this new war. So are those who are even now identifying targets for the dozens of U.S. air raids that have already occurred. The situation is less clear in Syria, where U.S. airstrikes commenced on Monday. We are clearly able to identify many military targets from satellite imagery alone. But we are going to run out of targets fast, since the enemy will just start hiding them better. If you could destroy a terrorist organization from the air alone, Israel would have long ago annihilated Hamas. The last thing we want is another Mogadishu—think Blackhawk Down—and you can bet that the Islamic State's main objective in Syria will be to embarrass us when we overreach and shame us when we miss and kill kids.
It's important for Americans to understand the stakes here, and perhaps they can benefit from one soldier's point of view. I remember vividly my last deployment as if it were yesterday. My platoon of field artillerymen, by God's grace and the wise leadership of our brigade and battalion commanders, were rigorously trained into a maneuver platoon and turned out to be highly effective in degrading insurgents led by the Shiite militia leader Moqtada al-Sadr in east Baghdad. My guys and I thrived on the complexity of our operating environment and we rigorously applied our creativity and imagination to figuring out how to get at an enemy that rarely would show up for a fight in person. Much of our success I attribute to the intelligence experts in our battalion who put their own lives on the line to provide the most accurate target intelligence possible. It became a high priority for my platoon to include an intel “adviser” on our patrols and raids. Was that guy a “combat troop”? They certainly are in danger, and they were essential to our mission. And, when things did go bad, it was the ability, at the platoon level, to communicate in real time with attack aviation to neutralize the enemy's capability to concentrate fires on our position that brought all my men home alive.
Above all, what became clear to me during that experience is that we are best when we take the fight to the enemy. We are most successful when we go to their neighborhood and target them while they are complacent and rests assured that they can't be found and that we don't have the guts or the determination to bring the war to him. This cannot be done remotely or from the air alone. Nor can it be accomplished by tying the hands of our combatant commanders and dictating from the Oval Office naive tactical policy in hopes of securing a dubious political agenda.
Dec. 1, 2017, 1:44 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 1, 2017, 1:44 PM GMT By Monica Luhar
Archit Baskaran remembers the pressure they felt during their senior year of university.
They had long been the emotional support for a friend who dealt with mental illness, they recalled. And while they said their friend eventually found professional help, Baskaran became anxious, withdrawing from relationships and having panic attacks, an experience they detailed in a blog post published in August.
“It was the first time that I had heard an Indian American be so vulnerable about mental health — something we rarely acknowledge — and furthermore, their own struggles.”
Baskaran said that while supporting their friend, they had put a tremendous amount of stress on himself. A therapist diagnosed them with post-traumatic stress disorder in 2017, they added.
“The challenge I faced at the time was striking harmony between my own self-care and my desire to be a strong support system for my friend,” the now 21-year-old medical student said.
But in the midst of their realization and recovery came “shakti,” Baskaran said. The Sanskrit word for strength and power, Baskaran said they rose from the “ashes of trauma” to become a stronger person.
This past summer, Baskaran drew on their experiences to help build “I-AM SHAKTI,” a movement to help South Asian Americans face mental health challenges and share their stories. They co-founded the group, which celebrated its launch last month, with undergraduates and medical school students from Northwestern University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Archit Baskaran, creator and co-founder of I-AM SHAKTI Courtesy of Archit Baskaran
The program plans to share stories of individuals living with mental illness to show the South Asian American community that those issues exist, according to Baskaran. Outreach plans also include speaking at houses of worship and South Asian student groups.
Eventually, the group hopes to create a national database of South Asian mental health professionals organized by language so people can find culturally competent care.
“The vision and belief in I-AM SHAKTI emerged from the lowest point of my struggle,” Baskaran said. “I was going through this and felt my parents did not truly understand me. I was thinking about how many people might have it worse.”
Growing up, family friends saw Baskaran as a student on the road to becoming a doctor and a role model, they said. They added that those expectations made it more difficult for them to pursue help.
The model minority myth and stigma surrounding mental health care can keep people from seeking treatment, according to Dr. Vasudev N. Makhija, a practicing psychiatrist and founder and president of South Asian Mental Health Initiative and Network (SAMHIN).
“South Asians have readily accepted the myth of model minority,” they said. “It reinforces their denial and the notion that they do not have mental health problems.”
Mental illness that is left undiagnosed or untreated can cause emotional distress and affect others, Makhija noted. They added that they have seen that some South Asians seek treatment when their issues are more advanced and severe compared to other patients.
“At such stage, the mental illness is harder to treat, and it takes longer to respond to treatment,” Makhija said. “Early treatment can prevent unnecessarily prolonged anguish of not only the individuals but also of those around them.”
Makhija said some factors that can hamper access to care include affordability and difficulty finding culturally competent service providers.
To address some of the community's needs, SAHMIN has created a directory of South Asian mental health providers in New Jersey that speak Gujarati and Punjabi among other South Asian languages, Makhija said.
According to the American Psychological Association, 1 in 2 Asian-Americans living with mental illness will not seek help due to language barriers. Data specifically for South Asian Americans is unavailable.
Yoey Cheng-Nguy, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University of Southern California's Keck School of Medicine, said that although more Asian-Americans overall are seeking mental health support, research has shown that they are still three times less likely to seek help for mental health concerns in comparison to their white peers.
“As mental health clinicians, we often receive referrals from general health practitioners possibly because it is culturally more acceptable to seek help for physical complaints rather than mental health issues,” Cheng-Nguy said.
Baskaran was diagnosed with PTSD in April, they said. During a family trip to Europe in July, they went through a relapse, they added.
When they initially spoke to their parents about their diagnosis and challenges, they initially treated it as something they could fight and emerge from very quickly.
“Religion, spirituality, and community became common motifs for mental health recovery — my family defaulted to values they grew up with in India as a means of helping me through my challenges being Indian-American here,” they said.
As their parents continued to research PTSD and mental illness, they said they noted that there were very few stories on the web about Indian Americans and mental illness. Their parents were trying to help him, they noted, but couldn't find resources.
“I was going through this and felt my parents did not truly understand me. I was thinking about how many people might have it worse.”
“It's almost as if mental health was deemed a ‘white person problem' and not simultaneously a ‘brown person problem' or a ‘South Asian problem,'” said Baskaran.
With support from their parents and peers, Baskaran started to develop I-AM SHAKTI to help those currently going through mental health challenges or seeking resources to support others.
Nikita Saladi, a first-year medical student at Northwestern University, became involved with I-AM SHAKTI after spending time focusing on mental health research on adolescents and seeing Baskaran's personal story online.
Saladi said they had friends and family who dealt with mental illness, and felt anxiety that they would begin to become symptomatic herself.
“I was struck by their experience, and also by how willing they were to share such a challenging time,” Saladi said. “It was the first time that I had heard an Indian American be so vulnerable about mental health — something we rarely acknowledge — and furthermore, their own struggles.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
FRANKFURT--Germany's banking watchdog is concerned about the magnitude of attempted foreign-exchange manipulation at large domestic banks including Deutsche Bank AG and expects to conclude its investigation into possible misconduct by next year.
The individual cases of attempted currency manipulation are nothing to be "relaxed about," Raimund Roeseler, the head of bank regulation at BaFin, told The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday.
Mr. Roeseler didn't rule out that the scale of currency manipulation might have a similar magnitude to that of the rigging of the London interbank offered rate, or Libor.
"We haven't concluded our [currency] investigation so I can't predict [the outcome]," Mr. Roeseler said, adding their authority aims at concluding the probe by the end of next year.
Deutsche Bank AG and domestic rival Commerzbank AG have both suspended or fired individual traders attempted to manipulate rates in the $5.3 trillion global currency market amid internal investigations of the alleging market rigging and high-profile executive departures. The banks are fully cooperating with authorities, officials have said.
The upheaval at the banks come as they have faced severe criticism from German regulators which have accused Deutsche Bank of suffering from a a badly broken corporate culture. The German lender unexpectedly announced in June that its co-chief executives, Anshu Jain and Jürgen Fitschen, planned to resign. Deutsche Bank officials have said the resignations weren't the result of regulatory pressure.
Deutsche Bank may have to pay another hefty fine for the remaining legal issues, according to banking analysts, after Germany's largest lender paid a record $2.5 billion charge to settle British and U.S. allegations its traders rigged Libor.
Deutsche Bank is still awaiting BaFin's final verdict over Libor, which people familiar with the matter expect to come this fall. Mr. Roeseler declined to comment on whether their authority will push for further consequences.
In its Libor report sent to Deutsche Bank on May 11, BaFin lambasted half a dozen of current and former executives for failing to stop or tell regulators about years of attempted market manipulation and lashed out at Mr. Jain.
BaFin partially cleared Mr. Jain in July, saying it no longer suspected that they purposely misled German central-bank officials in a private 2012 query about market manipulation, according to a confidential letter reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. The authority still upholds the other allegations against Mr. Jain, according to the letter.
Some senior Deutsche Bank officials at the bank have privately complained that regulators have unfairly singled out Mr. Jain.
Mr. Roeseler rejected the idea of any witch hunt, saying their authority "doesn't accuse Deutsche Bank of witchcraft."
Still, BaFin has the "impression that banks started probes with the goal to prove their innocence" and too late focused on conducting an unbiased investigation into their role in market manipulation. "They didn't do themselves a favor with that," Mr. Roeseler said.
In what may be one of the most shocking stories of the year, a man in China died after having an eel inserted into their rectum. Doctors who treated the victim in the Sichuan Province, did not know how the man met their demise until they performed an autopsy and discovered an Asian swamp eel up theirs backside.
Reports indicate that the man, who has only been identified as a chef, apparently was a victim of a horrible prank. The chef, after a heavy night of drinking, passed out with some of their friends. Those friends thought that it would be funny to put the eel inside of the victim. The medical examiner determined that the cause of death was that the eel, which was fifty centimeters long, devoured the man's bowels. No word yet on charges against the friends for their role in the death.
Chef dies after feeling eel
If the PATH400 project had a theme song right now, it would be that soul-lifting earworm "Happy." Denise Starling, Livable Buckhead Executive Director, announced Friday that the Georgia Department of Transportation has approved plans for the full 5.2-mile multi-purpose trail along Ga. Highway 400. Translation: The final hurdle has been cleared, pending more money! GDOT, which owns much of the right-of-way where PATH400 will be built, had previously approved plans for only a half-mile portion between Lenox and Old Ivy roads, which is already under construction. "We now have a green light to start building phase two of the trail," Starling said, "and we can proceed with our fundraising efforts for the remaining portions as well."
Starling said about 40 percent of the entire project has already been funded, "thanks in large part to $5 million provided by the PATH Foundation and the Buckhead Community Improvement District." The PATH Foundation and Livable Buckhead are hoping to start work on the project's Phase II within a month. (Take that, Beltline!) That stretch will extend from Old Ivy Road north to W. Wieuca Road and, last we heard, is expected to be finished by next spring.
Starling also announced another key step for PATH400 — the acquisition of a one-acre site previously home to the, um, house of a community-minded couple named Geoffrey and Sharon Kridel. The property at 519 Old Ivy Road will be converted to a "neighborhood park" and will allow for a better connection between the trail and the road. "Acquiring the land while construction is active means that much of the preparation for a park can be done now, saving time and money later," Starling's news release said. The purchase of the Kridel property also means Buckhead is more than 25 percent closer to adding the 106 acres of greenspace proposed in Atlanta City Councilman Howard Shook's "Buckhead Collection."
So … what exactly does all this mean?
It means the $10-million project prophesied as the "spine of Buckhead's future parks system" is well on its way to fulfilling its destiny. It means Atlanta's most park-starved neighborhood is getting ever closer to greener days. And, when considered alongside other projects like the Beltline and the Atlanta Streetcar, it means that maybe — just maybe — we'll actually see fewer cars on the road one day.
PATH400 scenes, circa two months ago:
— By Curbed Atlanta contributor Tyler Estep. Photographs, earlier reporting by associate editor Kimberly Turner.
· Behold, Construction Begins On Buckhead's PATH400! [Curbed]
· Dirt, Backhoes & Indie Music: Take A Video Tour of PATH400 [Curbed]
Calls for a national second tier competition are resonating loudly, with the newly formed Australian Association of Football Clubs at the vanguard of a movement which aims to have one up and running by 2018-2019.
But its chairperson Rabieh Krayem - former CEO of short-lived A-League franchise North Queensland Fury - has moved to keep aspirations of promotion-relegation in check.
"Of course that's the ultimate goal but I feel we're a few years away from that yet," said Krayem ahead of the 120-club strong AAFC's first board meeting this weekend.
"You have to learn to walk first. We have to initially set up a sustainable second tier competition.
"You have to be realistic ... we have to work alongside the existing A-League clubs and the FFA to pursue this goal.
"It's no use me saying we'd like to see it happen in a couple of years when we haven't had those discussions (with the game's other stakeholders)."
Krayem, though, insists that the model which pervades world football ultimately being adopted in Australia is in "the best interests of the game".
"When exactly that will happen is it too early to talk about right now," they said.
"Once you have an established second tier then comes the broader discussion of 'is it viable'? Is it feasible? And what does promotion-relegation look like can be had."
Krayem and their board, all volunteers from across the NPL, are reluctant to fuel the political firestorms assailing FFA over the broadening of its congress amid the stated threat from FIFA of potentially stepping in to enforce reform.
They do, however, believe the AAFC should be granted voting rights for future FFA boards once reforms are finally enacted.
"We want to be consulted and believe we are a key stakeholder and therefore should have representation in the congress," they declared.
How the second tier might look will be a hot topic this weekend, with various models being discussed by the existing NPL clubs - such as dual conferences to negate prohibitive travel costs.
"You only get one shot at this and you want to make sure you get it right the first time," said Krayem. "It's not a matter of 'will there be a second tier national competition?'
"It's a matter of when and just how it's structured.
"A lot of work has already been done on a number of models.
"The infrastructure is already there, and we are certainly not trying to compete with the A-League.
"What we are talking about is a semi-professional second-tier competition and potentially 500 extra players given an opportunity to play at a higher level than they are at the moment.
"We are in the business of developing pathways for players and trying to capitalise the game to take it to the next level."
Cyclist dies in SF garbage-truck crash
Bicycle that was hit by a Recology garbage truck in the Mission District on May 23, 2013. The cyclist was killed. Bicycle that was hit by a Recology garbage truck in the Mission District on May 23, 2013. The cyclist was killed. Photo: Ellen Huet/The Chronicle Photo: Ellen Huet/The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Cyclists dies in SF garbage-truck crash 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
(05-24) 07:18 PDT SAN FRANCISCO -- A Recology garbage truck struck and killed a 21-year-old man riding their bicycle Thursday in San Francisco's Mission District, police said.
The crash happened near 16th Street and South Van Ness Avenue about 6:45 a.m. The truck, which was parallel to the bicyclist on eastbound 16th, tried to make a right turn onto southbound South Van Ness and collided with the rider, police said.
The bicyclist, who was riding at "a high rate of speed," ran into the back of the truck, police said. They died at the scene.
The garbage-truck driver continued a short distance on South Van Ness, said a witness, 29-year-old Jorge Marquez of San Bruno, but stopped after people on the street alerted them to what had happened. The truck dragged the victim's bike for about a block.
The truck driver was cooperating with investigators, police said. They said drugs or alcohol were not suspected factors in the crash.
The names of the victim and driver have not been released. Robert Reed, a Recology spokesperson, declined to comment on the accident or on the driver's record.
Taxonomic Hierarchy
Kingdom: Animalia
Animalia Phylum: Arthropoda
Arthropoda Class: Arachnida
Arachnida Order: Araneae
Araneae Suborder: Araneomorphae
Araneomorphae Family: Pholcidae
Pholcidae Genus: Pholcus
Pholcus Species: Pholcus phalangioides
Common Name (AAS )
Long-bodied Cellar Spider
Other Common Names
Daddy Longlegs, Cellar Spider, Granddaddy Longlegs, Vibrating Spider
Author
Johann Kaspar Füssli, 1775
Primary Colors
Sightings Overview
There have been 50 confirmed sightings of Pholcus phalangioides (Long-bodied Cellar Spider), with the most recent sighting submitted on February 24, 2019 by Spider ID member rhapsodycramer. The detailed statistics below may not utilize the complete dataset of 50 sightings because of certain Pholcus phalangioides sightings reporting incomplete data.
Web: 35% of the time, Pholcus phalangioides spiders are sighted in a spider web (Sample size: 26)
35% of the time, Pholcus phalangioides spiders are sighted in a spider web (Sample size: 26) Sex: 20 female and 8 male.
20 female and 8 male. Environment: Pholcus phalangioides has been sighted 4 times outdoors, and 22 times indoors.
Pholcus phalangioides has been sighted 4 times outdoors, and 22 times indoors. Outdoors: Man-made structure (4).
Location and Range
Pholcus phalangioides (Long-bodied Cellar Spider) has been sighted in the following countries: Canada, South Africa, Spain, United Kingdom, United States.
Pholcus phalangioides has also been sighted in the following states: Alabama, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Washington, Washington, D.C..
Seasonality
Pholcus phalangioides has been primarily sighted during the month of March.
January: 3
3 February: 8
8 March: 9
9 April: 1
1 May: 7
7 June: 3
3 July: 6
6 August: 1
1 September: 1
1 October: 5
5 November: 2
2 December: 3
Additional Remarks
Geodesics on a Cone
Exploring a singular surface
During a mathematical physics course, a professor asked what appeared to be a simple question about geodesics on the cone. After thinking the problem over for a weekend, I came up with an answer that agreed with theirs -- and we were both wrong. I've spent another week pondering the problem, and think I finally have a solution.
Geodesics
When mathematical physicists talk about geodesics, they don't have the layperson's definition "the shortest line between two points" in mind. While pithy, this definition is misleading in two ways: (1) the line is guaranteed to be the shortest only in a Euclidean space (e.g., a plane), and (2) there may be more than one geodesic between two points.
Consider two nearby points on a sphere. There's an obvious shortest path between them. Yet there's another path that fits the mathematical definition of a geodesic, and that's the rest of the great circle containing the points. Each of these is a straight line on the sphere's surface.
Now consider the poles of a sphere. No matter which direction you leave the North Pole, if you travel in a straight line you'll always end up at the South Pole. For antipodean points on a sphere, there are an infinite number of geodesics.
So a geodesic isn't necessarily the shortest line between points, nor need it be unique. Rather it's the straightest line between two points.
With that in mind, we can tackle the question the professor had posed: how many geodesics can there be between two points on a cone?
Geodesics on Cones
We could try to solve this analytically, but in general equations for geodesics are messy and chock full of partial derivatives. Let's put that approach aside and consider the problem geometrically, generalizing an answer from different cases.
The simplest case is the cone of zero height, which is the plane. Its geodesics are those of the plane: straight lines. So for the zero-height case there is exactly one geodesic between any two points.
Adding a little height to the cone changes the situation dramatically. To simplify the analysis, we use a fact I won't prove here: if we cut the cone along a meridian and unroll it, the geodesics on the cone become straight lines in the plane. This means we can analyze cones solely with two-dimensional diagrams (which are much easier to draw).
Let's look at a cone of little height, cut and unrolled:
We'll simplify our analysis by looking only at those geodesics that terminate at a given point. We can do this without losing any generality because the cone is radially symmetric and scalable. So let's put our fixed point (F) at the outer end of the meridian we cut along:
We denote F by a black dot. There are two images of F, not one, but they're the same point because the two straight lines are the same meridian.
Without loss of generality, we can assume that the other varying endpoint V is no further from the apex than F. (Otherwise, just swap F and V.) We'll denote V by an open dot.
Now that we've got our notation set, let's look at the cases for the almost-flat disc.
Here's a case where there's one geodesic between the two points. You might think to draw a straight line between V and the other image of F, but that's not allowed; lines can't cross the gap.
There's another case to consider: what if V is on the opposite side of the cone from F? When you travel from one side of the cone to the other the apex must be on either your right or your left, so it would seem that there are two ways to get there. Is this correct?
It is, as the illustration shows. So depending on where V is, there can be either one or two geodesics. The key to finding the dividing lines between the 1-geodesic and 2-geodesic regions is to realize that a straight line from an image of F must stay completely within the unrolled cone. This restricts the 2-geodesic region to the area reachable from both images of F. In the following images, the gray regions indicate which portion of the cone can be reached from a particular image of V.
Everything outside the intersection of the two hemidisks is a 1-geodesic region. Note that the 1-geodesic region really is one region, as the two regions below are joined along the cut meridian.
As the cone gets steeper, the 1-geodesic region shrinks and the 2-geodesic region grows.
When the central angle θ decreases to π, the unrolled cone becomes a hemidisk. The 1-geodesic region degenerates into the meridian containing F, and the rest of the cone is a 2-geodesic region.
When I first analyzed the problem, my solution (and the professor's) extended little further than this. Yet it teased at my mind, and when I first tried to write about it, I realized this analysis was incomplete. Let's extend it.
As θ decreases still further, the central angle becomes acute. The 2-geodesic region still exists, like before.
However, something new has occurred: straight lines can cross the cut meridian and still stay within the figure, leading to the creation of a new 3-geodesic region. You can picture this as traveling all the way around the cone and returning to the cut meridian.
To find a V such that there are three geodesics, rotate a copy of the unrolled cone around the apex until the cut meridians are congruent. Points that have three geodesics will be those whose images in the rotated copy can be connected to F by a straight line entirely within both copies. The longer geodesic in the first figure below demonstrates this.
Each red line is a different geodesic, leading to a total of three for this particular V. (Any other lines we could draw between images of F and V can be carried to one of these geodesics by a rotation.)
As θ continues to decrease, the 3-geodesic region grows and the 2-geodesic region shrinks. This continues until we reach the next transition point: 2π/3. At this angle, three images of the cone fit into the disc, and the 2-geodesic region degenerates to a line. Unlike the case when θ is π, however, the 2-geodesic line isn't the meridian containing F -- it's the line bisecting the 3-geodesic region (which means it's on the opposite side of the cone). In the diagrams, the 2-geodesic region is a dashed orange line.
By now you should be able to guess the pattern. As θ decreases below 2π/3, a 4-geodesic region appears and grows while the 3-geodesic region shrinks. As when θ decreases below 2π, the 4-geodesic region appears directly opposite the meridian containing F and expands toward it.
When θ decreases below 2π/5, the 3-geodesic region disappears and a 5-geodesic region appears. Likewise, when θ decreases below 2π/6, the 4-geodesic region disappears and a 6-geodesic region appears, and so on. Eventually you'll be drawing diagrams like these:
Trust me, you don't want to have done this. A general solution to the problem is much better.
The General Solution
Whenever θ decreases beneath 2π/n, an (n-2)-geodesic region disappears and an n-geodesic region appears on the same side of the cone. When n is even the new region appears on the same side of the cone as F, and when n is odd the new region appears on the opposite side of the cone.
So there can be any number of geodesics between two points on a cone, provided you choose θ appropriately. There is always an n-geodesic region and an (n-1)-geodesic region (except for the flat cone, which has no (n-1)-geodesic region).
There was more to this problem than any of us expected.
Craft Corner
Here are some models of cones that you can print and assemble. They're designed for a color printer, but are fine B&W.
These models have example geodesics already plotted.
Cone with 1 & 2 geodesics: PDF [2K], EPS [158K]
Cone with 2 & 3 geodesics: PDF [2K], EPS [160K]
Cone with 3 & 4 geodesics: PDF [2K], EPS [171K]
Cone with 6 geodesics: PDF [2K], EPS [168K]
To demonstrate that these really are the straightest lines, make a small hole through the paper in the center of each white circle. After assembly, stretch a thread from a hole to the black circle and pull taut. It will lie along one of the marked geodesics.
Do-it-yourself versions of above: no geodesics are plotted, but the boundary between regions is shown so that you can choose your own example point(s) in each region.
Cone with 1- & 2-geodesic regions: PDF [2K], EPS [151K]
Cone with 2- & 3-geodesic regions: PDF [2K], EPS [149K]
Cone with 3- & 4-geodesic regions: PDF [2K], EPS [150K]
(A DIY version of the six-geodesic model isn't interesting because in the original model θ is 2π/6 and the 5-region is degenerate.)
Cones and Cylinders
Why does the number of geodesics increase without bound as θ approaches zero? In retrospect, the answer is obvious: the closer θ comes to zero, the more the cone locally approximates a cylinder. Between any two points on a cylinder not on the same parallel there are an infinite number of geodesics: on a cylinder geodesics are helices, and varying the tightness of a helix's coils changes how many times it goes around the cylinder before it reaches the endpoint. There's no upper bound; you can make it as tight as you prefer.
As the cone locally looks more like a cylinder, geodesics can wind around it more and more. In that sense, the cylinder is the limit case of a cone of increasing height.
Why Do Cones Have Zero Gaussian Curvature?
A cone is a surface of revolution. In the diagram below, the red line is a meridian, and the blue circle is a parallel.
The Gaussian curvature at a point is the product of the principal curvatures at that point. On a surface of revolution, the principal curvatures are measured along parallels and meridians. The meridians of a cone are straight lines, with zero curvature, so at every point on a cone the Gaussian curvature is zero. Because cones have zero curvature everywhere, we can unroll them and analyze their geodesics on the equivalent flat surface.
Three days after Canada's all-time leading scorer officially announced their retirement, head coach Benito Floro unveiled what could be the national team's strike force of the future.
On Saturday, Dwayne De Rosario – who scored 22 goals in their Canada career, including two earlier this year – confirmed that their playing days are over. With DeRo done, questions arose over who would score the goals for Canada with World Cup qualifiers and a CONCACAF Gold Cup on the immediate horizon.
The answer may come in the form of a pair of MLS youngsters: Cyle Larin and Tesho Akindele.
Akindele, 23, stormed their way to the 2014 MLS Rookie of the Year award with their goalscoring prowess for FC Dallas, while 20-year-old Larin – this year's No. 1 overall pick in the MLS SuperDraft – has been filling the net for Orlando City SC in their rookie campaign.
Both will be part of Canada's upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Dominica (June 11 and 16) as Floro's team looks to put a mostly ugly (and goalless) two-year stretch behind them.
“To score a goal is the first and the most important step to win a game,” Floro told reporters on Tuesday. “And we are confident both [Larin and Akindele] are in good condition to score goals.”
Both are relatively new to the Canadian program; Larin attended their first Canadian training camp in January 2014 while still playing at the University of Connecticut. He's made five appearances and scored one goal since then.
Akindele, meanwhile, has no Canadian national-team experience beyond one Under-17 camp back in 2009. They did accept a call from Floro in November 2014, before changing their mind at the last minute when interest came from the US team.
Floro said that while they have been following Akindele's performance (three goals and one assist in 13 MLS games so far this season), it was also important to confirm where their loyalties were by calling them for games in which they could be permanently cap-tied to Canada.
“I made a decision to call Tesho for an official camp because if they were in a condition to say yes, for us, it would be better if they are here definitely,” said Floro. “He desired to play with Canada.”
For their part, Akindele appears to be satisfied with their choice.
“It's just a great honor to represent my country – you know, something I've been dreaming about since I was a kid,” Akindele told FC Dallas's website on Tuesday.
As for Larin, they already have four goals for Orlando City and bagged their first goal for Canada in a friendly against Puerto Rico in March. The top draft pick knows how much their talent could affect the national team's performance – and its perception.
“I want to show people that Canada's a really good soccer country and we're starting to be on the map,” Larin told MLSsoccer.com earlier this year. “I want to show that we can play and hopefully make it to the World Cup and do good things. It's important for people to see that and young kids to see that and support us.”
Floro is pleased to have the sudden influx of goalscoring punch in their lineup, especially with such important games coming up shortly.
“At this moment, there are three or four players with a good possibility to… score a goal,” said Floro. “We are making our tactical structure accordingly… we need from them to participate a lot, creating a chance on goal and to score a goal.”
Floro said that even though it's important for their team to “play collectively” in creating goalscoring opportunities, “sometimes we need individual inspiration.”
For years, De Rosario provided many such moments of individual inspiration for Canada. Now, followers of the national team will be hoping that Larin and Akindele are ready to pick up that torch.
From Beating Cancer to Crushing Spin and Go Tournaments: This Is Anna Duxbury's Story
September 18, 2015 Matthew Pitt
Sharelines After beating cancer twice, Anna Duxbury was determined to become a formidable poker player, they succeeded
Having moved from the $7, to $15 and now $30 buy-in Spin & Gos, Anna Duxbury has their sights set on high stakes
Having worked in the poker industry for the best part of the past eight years, it is safe to say that I have seen a lot when it comes to this game. Rags-to-riches stories are commonplace, incredible tournament runs like those enjoyed by Erik Seidel and Daniel Colman in recent years are always on display, and even the occasional scandal rears its ugly little head from time to time.
A couple of weeks ago, while browsing on Facebook, I saw an update from Leon Louis, who online poker aficionados will know better as "Flippetyflop", a high-stakes heads-up sit-and-go player. Louis linked to a thread on the TwoPlusTwo poker forum that their friend had started — a blog of sorts, and one depicting their progress in PokerStars Spin & Go tournaments.
With the poker world being mostly made up of men, the fact Louis' friend was a female made the thread stand out, but after reading their opening post, which included their beating cancer twice, I had to reach out to Anna "DuckRatMe" Duxbury to find out more about them Thankfully, they agreed to speak with me and we chatted for an hour. I'm glad we did.
Often when you chat to poker players, you're greeted with a relatively closed book. It's almost as if they don't want to give too much away or let you into their personal lives, but not Duxbury. From the second we started speaking to one another until our Skype call ended, they were open, honest, and frank.
Yorkshire Born and Bred
Duxbury was born and raised in York, but moved to Manchester in their 20s. One day, Duxbury collapsed at work and was taken to a hospital. The doctors ran a number of tests while they attempted to diagnose what the cause of the collapse was and discovered that they were four-months pregnant.
"I said I couldn't be pregnant, but they took me for a scan and there was a baby sat cross-legged and sucking its thumb!" they said.
Despite the massive shock and the fact plans to go travelling for six months were scuppered, Duxbury took their new situation in stride, and a few months later, after returning home to York, gave birth to a baby girl named Olivia.
Three years later, Anna became a mother again when Isla came into the world and all was rosy, although their relationship with their partner broke down, resulting in Duxbury becoming a single parent. Determined to provide the best for their young family, Duxbury held a number of different jobs before they received some frightening and life-changing news when a routine check-up at the doctors revealed that they had cancer.
Devastating News
Duxbury had to undergo surgery and was under the watchful eye of specialists who monitored their situation. Six months after the surgery, the cancer returned. Thankfully, extensive chemotherapy and radiotherapy worked and the cancer hasn't returned for a third time.
"I'm so unlucky when it comes to health," said Duxbury, "but I'm still here!"
Before their battle with cancer, Duxbury was already playing online poker after watching some of their friends playing home games and some televised poker on Channel 4.
"A few years ago, some of my mates had home games and I was always a bit of a tomboy when I was younger, but that was one of the things that I never got involved in and never got invited to because I didn't know how to play poker," Duxbury said. "I saw it on Channel 4, then watched it the week after then kind of got hooked!
"Then I started playing on Zynga, played for play money, and really got the bug. I loved it. Then when I looked into it a bit more, I discovered people were actually making money from poker and it's not just pure gambling; there is a skill edge as well."
After depositing on PokerStars, Duxbury began playing cash games and multi-table tournaments (MTTs) before discovering hyper-turbo head-up sit-and-gos (HUSNG). The fact that the games were over quickly appealed to Duxbury, as they could fit in playing around their work and kids, plus the fact that they seemed to have a penchant for them. When the Spin & Gos launched, they switched to those and hasn't looked back.
Before the cancer returned, Duxbury had a job but had to leave after only two months so was only receiving statutory sick pay, which anyone from the UK who has had the misfortune of having to rely on will attest to it being a pittance. Grinding Spin & Gos seemed like a good way to supplement their low income and a solid win rate in the $7 buy-in games over a 3,000-plus sample size confirmed that they were a solid, winning player.
A Developing Poker Talent
Duxbury reached out to a talented player and coach known as "Cog Dissonance" for coaching, but their second battle with cancer cut that short. After making a full recovery, they enlisted the services of them once again and continued crushing the games.
"I was trying to build a bankroll with my own money, but it was difficult because I kept dipping into it to pay for things and, obviously, when playing lower stakes it takes a lot longer to build up a bankroll," they said. "He offered to stake and coach me, and I agreed."
After looking at Duxbury's results and watching their play, Cog put Anna into the $15 buy-in Spin & Gos and they quickly progressed to the $30 buy-ins. They now have aspirations of moving up even higher and is continually receiving coaching and putting in time away from the tables in order to fulfil their goals.
Should they make it to the $100 buy-in level, they may come across their boyfriend, "Wubblepig," who is often found plying their trade there. Judging by the feedback from some of the game's top talent, it's going to be a case of when not if Duxbury progresses to the top of the pile.
Before the interview ended, Duxbury and I chatted about the poker world so it was no surprise that poker's Mecca came up in our conversation. A surprise 30th birthday present, a trip to Las Vegas, ranks up there as one of Duxbury's best-ever holidays.
"I loved Vegas," they said. "I'd love to go back."
All signs point to Duxbury heading back to Vegas as a much more talented and respected poker player, in addition to being one of the game's amazing characters.
Get all the latest PokerNews updates on your social media outlets. Follow us on Twitter and find us on both Facebook and Google+!
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co said on Wednesday it would recall 1.34 million 2015-17 Ford F-150 and 2017 Ford Super Duty trucks in North America to add water shields to side door latches at a cost of $267 million.
FILE PHOTO: An airplane flies above a Ford logo in Colma, California, U.S., October 3, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
The No.2 U.S. automaker said the safety recall is due to a frozen door latch or a bent or kinked actuation cable in the affected vehicles, that may result in a door not opening or closing.
A Ford spokesperson, Elizabeth Weigandt, said customers would be notified next month but did not have a timetable for when parts will be available. Dealers will install water shields over the door latches and inspect and repair door latch cables if needed.
Ford has now recalled more than 5 million vehicles for varying door latch-related issues since 2016, but the company said the issue in the new recall is different from prior ones.
The company in November 2016 sent a bulletin to dealers that warned some 2015-2017 Ford F-150 trucks could have inoperative latches during freezing temperatures. The bulletin told dealers to install a rain shield to address the problem. The company initially alerted dealers in 2015 about the issue.
Weigandt said Ford's decision to issue a recall is driven by data. “When the data indicates a safety recall is needed, we move quickly,” they said.
Ford said the cost of the new recall would be reflected in its fourth-quarter results. Ford said it continues to expect full-year adjusted earnings in the range of $1.65 to $1.85‍​ per share.
The company said it was not aware of any accidents or injuries associated with the issue but said because of the fault, the door may appear closed, increasing the risk of the door opening while driving.
Ford has previously disclosed plans to spend $935 million on other recalls announced since August 2016.
In March, Ford said it would spend $295 million to recall 211,000 vehicles in North America to replace potentially faulty side door latches and 230,000 vehicles for under-hood fire risks.
Ford previously recalled nearly 4 million vehicles for door latch issues in six separate recalls since 2014, including 2.4 million vehicles recalled in August 2016.
In September 2016, Ford said it was taking a $640 million charge for its expanded side-door latch recalls.
Ford shares fell 0.7 percent to $12.19 in late trading Wednesday.
Did feminism make us fat? That is the implication of a new study, which shows that as women entered the workforce in larger numbers, their housekeeping hours went down and obesity rates went up.
While the authors of the study are careful not to politicise the results, they choose to only look at female household labour and highlight how the decline of the stay-at-home mom means women spend less time preparing food and cleaning up after meals.
They inaccurately claim that women spend less time with their kids today than 45 years ago. And the takeaway is that, fewer hours at home means a less healthy population.
But that is not quite true. The real culprits of our nationwide bad physical health - which, by the way, afflicts people of all body sizes - are complex, and include both the food we eat and the increasingly sedentary lifestyles we lead. Increased gender equality has in fact been good for our bodies, our minds and our families. But the same policies that stall women's empowerment are also making us physically ill.
The authors of the housework and weight study are clear that their results only show correlation, and do not prove that decreased work in the home leads to an uptick in the national obesity rate. And certainly a society-wide decrease in physical activity may be related to a society-wide increase in weight.
Decline in housework hours
We know that the weight of the average American has gone up over the past 45 years, which the study attributes at least in part to the decline in housework hours - women in 1965 spent an average of 25.7 hours per week on household tasks, and by 2010 spent 13.2 hours per week. But the household labour examined does not include childcare - which, according to other studies, would bring the numbers up to more than 28 hours per week.
Obesity on rapid rise in the US
And while the authors claim that time spent with children decreased between 1965 and 2010, the study they cite on that point actually says the opposite - "US mothers have shed hours of housework but not the hours they devote to childrearing". Women today, even those who work full-time, spend more time with their kids than the stay-at-home moms of the 1960s. They spend more quality time, too - which means a lot of walking, running and playing that was not tallied in the study of women's household daily energy expenditure.
The study also does not look at men's household labour. Other studies have shown that men participate more around the home than they did 40 years ago, and spend much more time with their children. They still do significantly less than women, but their involvement has improved substantially since 1965. Yet even though they do more at home, men's obesity rates have also gone up.
Something much bigger is going on than "women are not doing as much housework as they used to".
The size of any particular person should not be our concern, and it does not matter to me if people are fat or thin. But it does matter when the American population has a slew of health problems related to our lifestyle, what we eat and the chemicals to which we are routinely exposed. Our rates of diabetes, heart disease, food allergies and many cancers have skyrocketed. We are very sick.
The exact causes of all our ills are unclear. There is no doubt that our food plays a major role. Much of what we eat is processed and laden not just with addictive salt and sugar, but crammed full of unpronounceable chemicals and preservatives. And we are much more sedentary than we used to be. Housework and food preparation are easier with modern appliances, and more of our jobs involve long days in front of the computer instead of work on a factory line or on our feet.
But there are also political policies that are making us sick and incentivising the actions that lead to poor health. It is easy to tell someone to eat a salad instead of a Big Mac. But if you are a low- or even medium-income parent working full-time or more than full time, the calculus is not so straight-forward. It is harder to find the time to go grocery shopping, chop all the ingredients, prepare a healthy protein, serve a meal your family will actually eat and then clean up. It can also be more expensive.
In most places in the country, getting to a grocery store requires a car, or at least reliable public transportation. And the time you are doing the work of preparing food and cleaning is time you often are not spending with your family and unwinding after a stressful day.
Americans today work more hours than ever before. Many of us work multiple jobs. We take fewer vacation days than residents of other industrialised nations, and we retire later. We spend more time with our kids than in the heyday of the homemaker. Our kids themselves have jam-packed schedules of school, SAT prep classes, sports, volunteering, after-school activities, lessons and all the other endeavours that are now nearly a necessity for college admissions (and not just for the wealthy).
Between all that work and all that family time, something has to give - and for a lot of parents, that "something" is housework, healthy eating and physical exercise.
Basic health needs
It does not have to be this way. Our government channels enormous sums of money into artificially depressing the price of particularly odious food products through agricultural subsidies and dealings with big food companies. We also artificially depress the price of gasoline while investing relatively little in infrastructure and public transportation, incentivising driving and making walking or taking public transport less realistic.
What we do not support - unlike almost every other developed nation - are worker's rights and healthy limits on labour. We are one of the only four nations on earth - along with Liberia, Sierra Leone and Papua New Guinea - without federally mandated maternity leave. Parental leave is correlated with lower child poverty rates, improved child health, greater parental involvement, longer breastfeeding and higher maternal employment. But we have no national paid leave policy for parents.
"It is tough to figure out what is more limited: our time or our disposable income."
We are also the only industrialised nation that does not mandate paid vacation and sick days. Our minimum wage is startlingly low, and below what is actually liveable. In the 2004 presidential debates between George W Bush and John Kerry, a woman prefaced their question by saying they worked multiple jobs to survive. Bush lauded their work ethic, deeming them a true American.
While the unemployment and underemployment rates remain high, Americans are taking any jobs they can get - including the ones that won't accommodate basic health needs, or where a sick day might mean no food on the table.
We have an overworked population that does not see wages rising along with productivity or hours spent on the job. We are not guaranteed time off for leisure, let alone sickness or pregnancy. Many of us do not have basic benefits like health care, and just cross our fingers that we do not get sick or meet with an accident. We are stretched in all directions.
Women, who tend to be the primary caretakers of children and are much more likely to be single parents and to live in poverty, are especially impacted by these Byzantine workplace policies. It is tough to figure out what is more limited: our time or our disposable income.
Then we are confronted with artificially cheap, physically addictive, nutrient-deficient but awfully tasty "food" available with almost no preparation or clean-up. It is being peddled by a big food lobby that bills its products as healthy and convenient. That same lobby faces little government oversight or regulation, and fights back hard on any regulatory attempts.
As we work more and struggle harder to make ends meet, food corporations are making a whole lot of money off our limited time and limited means. We are sick because of it.
But sure, the problem is that working women means they do not spend as much time cleaning the house and now we are fatter. Look over there.
Jill Filipovic is a consultant, writer, speaker and recovering attorney. They assist fashion and lifestyle brands, legal organisations and law firms, international NGOs, non-profits and corporations in using new media to reach their business and strategic objectives.
Follow them on Twitter: @JillFilipovic
This isnt really a rant or anything moreover a question/discussion. I truly feel that Irelia isnt the most balanced of champs but they isnt really like the cot abusers level bad atm.( actually no where near beeing strong or anythign tbh) In my eyes the main problem with Irelia is their E. By no means you should be punished because you outperform your enemy. What do i mean by outperforming? i mean winning trades. Them stun is disgusting always has been and i don't know why its not reworked into something else already SPECIALLY how they can walk up and stun you from full health. With Irelia always 2 things happen. You win trade aka they stun you more aka you die. You lose trade aka you are forced to give up on lane or you get dove and killed i dont think that's the funniest of outcomes? ofc you can always rush a pure tank armor item 1st to deny them but you simply wont ever kill them unless you are Darius which means they gonna free farm and 100-0 someone in your team. Personally i dont really know what to give to Irelia if you remove their stun so maybe if you got some ideas lets discuss em below. I dont mind Irelia but from a balance standpoint they are toxic as a champ and i hate how their overall kit works.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
By
I had a lovely morning today conducting a funeral service. Oh, I know lots of people don't get that this can be satisfying but to me I can't really think of a more lovely way of spending a morning than committing someone who has died at a great age into the love of God. The fact that the person who had died had in large part lived to make the world more beautiful only made it more lovely.
I was struck by a brief conversation with the undertaker before the service went in. This wasn't a busy funeral – the person who had died had outlived most of those who might once have come to celebrate their life. As the coffin was being taken out of the hearse, I was surprised to see three members of the undertaker's staff join them in lifting the coffin onto their shoulders.
“Oh, you don't use a trolley?” I asked in surprise.
The answer that I got was wonderful –
“No, Mr Holdsworth, trolleys are for supermarkets, we always carry the coffin in”.
I cannot tell you how pleased I was to hear this.
So many funerals seem to involve a squeaky and undignified trolley. I even have to insist sometimes that the coffin is lifted onto proper tressels during the funeral itself. There's many a person in the funeral business who would leave a coffin on the trolley throughout.
Am I alone in thinking that there's not much dignity in a coffin on wheels?
I know there will be exceptions where a trolley is necessary and I guess that, in an industry that has seen costs soaring, it is going to cost more if one has to pay the pallbearers but I do prefer a coffin to be carried into church rather than pushed.
At some crematoria where I've officiated the presumption is so much in favour of wheels that a kind of roll-on, roll-off trolley has become an integral part of the proceedings.
We don't talk that much about death, though there are some valiant attempts to get us to do so. There's the death café movement that gathers people to talk about death and I seem to remember an initiative in the Church of England called Grave Talk which was an attempt to build up a conversation.
I know that any undertakers will arrange for pallbearers to carry a coffin in properly if you ask them. That's what undertakers do – they undertake to make the arrangements for you. I'm someone who mourns the transformation of undertakers into “funeral directors” – the very term seems to imply that the business knows better than either the celebrant who has probably got a bit of experience on how to do things properly, the relatives (who may, if they are feeling particular grief may well feel better for being involved in the funeral planning and service) and indeed the wishes of the person who has died if they did the sensible thing and left instructions.
The joy today was finding a company which just don't normally use a trolley as policy. It is a small thing but an important one.
Funeral trolleys always remind me of the wobbly nave altar in St Ninian's Cathedral in Perth, which itself always looked as though it had been purloined from a hospital porter.
Now where did undertakers' trolleys come from? And why do people put up with them?
They are hideous. Always hideous.
No. No. Away ye trolley-bearers.
And congratulations to Sim and Son for their trolley-free policy.
(I'm happy to link to any other undertakers in the West of Scotland who never use a trolley)
LUCKNOW: The Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on Monday snubbed UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's idea of a grand alliance on the lines of the one in Bihar to arrest the surge of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in state assembly elections due in 2017.On Sunday, Akhilesh was quoted as saying that a Bihar-like Mahagathbandhan couldn't be ruled out in UP, sparking off speculations of possible political realignment in UP ahead of 2017 assembly polls. BSP national general secretary and leader of opposition in UP assembly Swami Prasad Maurya said that an alliance with Samajwadi Party was never possible given the prevailing ‘Goonda Raj' in the state. “Our party president Mayawati has clearly stated that BSP will contest the next UP assembly elections alone. That nullifies all chances of any alliance with any party including the SP, BJP and the Congress,” they said while speaking to TOI.Maurya said while SP rule had given rise to ‘Goonda Raj' in the state, BJP has been promoting ‘Danga Raj' (riot-politics based on communal agenda) which is even more dangerous. They said that the growing anti-incumbency against the SP and the BJP has once again made BSP emerge strongly as an alternative in UP. They added that the political scenario in Bihar was completely different from the one in UP and therefore there was no scope for any alliance.Another senior BSP leader pointed out that the animosity between Mulayam and Mayawati was too bitter for the two chieftains to come together and form any alliance in UP. They said that Mayawati was ‘unwilling to forget the state guest house incident in which they were attacked, allegedly by SP goons'.Moreover, the two parties, for sometime now, have been nurturing their vote banks by projecting each other in a poor light. A senior BSP leader pointed out how dalits were being targeted during the Samajwadi Party rule. The BSP top brass has also been attempting to cash in on the alleged anti-reservation stance of the present SP dispensation.In fact, during Bihar assembly elections, Mayawati had been categorical in leveling allegations against the SP and BJP, accusing the two of a tacit understanding. In one of their rallies, Mayawati had said that Mulayam pulled out of the Nitish-Lalu alliance with an aim to benefit the BJP. They further alleged that SP fielded candidates in Bihar in consultation with the BJP.
Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday morning joined “Fox and Friends” to help sell the Senate's last-ditch attempt to repeal Obamacare, where they argued that “almost anything” would be better than the Affordable Care Act and that any funding issues with the current proposal could be addressed later.
“Fox and Friends” co-host Brian Kilmeade asked Pence to respond to Republicans like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who oppose the deal since it will decrease federal funds to their states.
Pence acknowledged that the bill will decrease funding over time, but argued that the way the bill distributes money is preferable. They also argued that Republicans should push ahead despite concern about funding, and that any issues like that would be addressed later.
“It's absolutely true to say the Graham-Cassidy bill over time levels out on a per-person basis the way we distribute money on healthcare, which I think resonates with most Americans, that we will ultimately get to place where the resources available to states are based on a per-individual basis. And we'll get to that,” they said.
“But, there is time in the days ahead and in future budgets to address those issues as they arise,” Pence added, stressing that the Graham-Cassidy bill is Republicans' “last best chance” to “head America back in the direction of the kind of healthcare reform that's based on individual choice, state based innovations.”
Earlier in the interview, Pence touted the bill by declaring that basically anything Republicans could pass would be better than the status quo.
“Almost anything would be better than Obamacare. Obamacare is imploding,” they said.
Asked if the bill would pass, considering that a few Republican senators have so far held off on publicly backing the bill, Pence said, “We'll see. We're close.”
A message delivered to people who open the infected malware.
A new computer virus has begun spreading in Australia that references the Breaking Bad TV show in a ransom note demanding up to $1,000 to decrypt files it infects.
A blog post from the Symantec anti-virus company on Sunday said the so-called crypto ransomware was a new threat to Australia.
"The malware encrypts images, videos, documents, and more on the compromised computer and demands up to AU$1,000 to decrypt these files," Symantec said.
"On analysis, we discovered that the theme used in this attack was styled around the now infamous TV show Breaking Bad."
The ransom demand references the fictitious Los Pollos Hermanos chicken chain, which was run by drug kingpin Gustavo Fring in Breaking Bad.
An email address connected to the ransom demand also mentions "the one who knocks" which is a reference to a line from Breaking Bad's main character Walter White.
The warning from Symantec said the malicious software came from a zipped archive that used the name of a courier firm in its file name and included the file "PENALTY.VBS".
That file downloads the ransomware and also opens a legitimate PDF file to trick people into thinking the initial archive was OK.
Files targeted by the software include commonly used word documents, images, spreadsheets, songs and more.
The ransom demand links to a video tutorial on how to obtain Bitcoins, a type of digital currency, so people can pay the ransom demand.
Once the money is paid, the blackmailers then provide a key to unlock the information.
Advice from IT consultant
IT consultant in NSW, Peter Saville, said ransomware was becoming an increasingly common type of threat to computer users.
"It is a fairly common scenario now. They can encrypt any of your personal details," Mr Saville said.
Mr Saville said the virus depended on a level of human interaction, so if people did not click on the suspect folders they would not be affected by the threat.
They said people should ensure they regularly backed up important information.
In 2012, cyber criminals using a type of ransomware demanded a Gold Coast medical centre pay $4,000 to decrypt sensitive information held on a server.
When the manuscript of A Christmas Carol was returned by the printer, Dickens sent it to a bookbinder (possibly Thomas Robert Eeles of Cursitor Street, London), who bound it in crimson morocco, a handsome, durable goatskin leather. The binding is elegantly decorated in gilt, and the name "Thomas Mitton Esqre" is stamped in gilt on the front cover. Dickens presented the bound manuscript to Mitton, their close friend and creditor, possibly as a Christmas gift, and most probably in gratitude for the generous loan of £270 in the preceding six months.
Compelled by personal financial difficulties, Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol in only six weeks, during a period of intense creativity in fall 1843. The original manuscript of A Christmas Carol reveals Dickens's method of composition, allowing us to see the author at work. The pace of writing and revision, apparently contiguous, is urgent, rapid, and boldly confident. Deleted text is struck out with a cursive and continuous looping movement of the pen and replaced with more active verbs—to achieve greater vividness or immediacy of effect— and fewer words for concision. This heavily revised sixty-six-page draft—the only manuscript of the story—was sent to the printer in order for the book to be published on 19 December, just in time for the Christmas market.
Trade War Threat Grows
Jomo Kwame Sundaram was United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Economic Development, and received the Wassily Leontief Prize for Advancing the Frontiers of Economic Thought in 20
KUALA LUMPUR, Jan 26 2017 (IPS) - New American President Donald Trump has long insisted that the United States has been suffering from poor trade deals made by their predecessors. Renegotiating or withdrawing from these deals will be top priority for their administration which views trade policy as key to US economic revival under Trump. What will that mean?
The new administration promises ‘tough and fair agreements' on trade, ostensibly to revive the US economy and to create millions of mainly manufacturing jobs. The POTUS is committed to renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), signed in 1994 by the United States, Canada and Mexico. And if NAFTA partners refuse what the White House deems to be a ‘fair' renegotiated agreement, “the President will give notice of the United States' intent to withdraw from NAFTA”.
Constraints?
Presidential fiat may well be extended in radically new ways by the incoming president with, or perhaps even without the support of a Republican-controlled Senate and Congress. However, in terms of trade, Trump may be constrained by their own party's ‘free trade' preferences, while the minority Democratic Party is likely to remain generally hostile to him.
Many informed observers doubt the ability of the US President to unilaterally impose trade policies, as the POTUS is subject to many checks and balances, conditions and constraints. But a widely held contrary view is that existing legislation allows the president considerable leeway. But as such ambiguity can be interpreted to grant the president broad authority over trade policy, Trump is likely to use this to the fullest.
Worryingly, Trump and their appointees often appear to see trade as a zero -sum game, implying that the only way for the US to secure its interests would be at the expense of its trading partners. Their rhetoric also implies that the most powerful country in the world has previously negotiated trade deals to its own disadvantage – a view almost no one else agrees with.
Thus, Trump's belligerent rhetoric threatens trade wars or acquiescence to the US as the only means to change the status quo. But future deals even more favourable to the US can only be achieved with weaker partners, e.g., through bilateral treaties, or those with ulterior motives for accepting even less favourable terms and conditions.
Unequal effects
Of course, the real world is more complicated than one of competing national interests. For example, while US corporations and consumers may benefit from relocating production abroad, American workers who lose their jobs or experience poorer working conditions will be unhappy. Clearly, there is no singular national interest.
Trump's rhetoric so far implies an opposition of American workers to the ‘globalist' US elite with scant mention of consumer interests, the main source of support for the globalists. The unequal effects of freer trade have long been recognized by international trade economists except globalization cheerleaders who insist that freer trade lifts all boats – a myth belied by the experiences of increasing numbers of American workers and others in recent decades.
Meanwhile, US protectionists have been in denial about labour-displacing automation throughout the economy. They also fail to recognize how ‘laissez faire' American capitalism has let the devil take the growing ranks of the hindmost. In contrast, ‘managed' capitalism has often ensured less disruptive and painful transitions due to trade liberalization and automation, e.g., through government retraining schemes.
Trade rules biased
Nevertheless, it remains unclear how the Trump administration's trade strategy will unfold. While trading system rules are skewed to favour the powerful, US relations with trading partners have sometimes become dysfunctional and perhaps less advantageous. Hence, a more aggressive Trump administration may well secure better deals for US interests. Some options favouring US companies would only involve minor disruptions, while others could disrupt the US as well as the world economy, possibly precipitating another global recession.
Besides renegotiating or rejecting bilateral and plurilateral deals, the US could also bring more cases before the World Trade Organization (WTO). After all, the US and Europe wrote most WTO rules after the Second World War, and the US has almost never revised its trade rules and practices, even after losing cases. The US has long used the WTO dispute settlement mechanism to great effect until it began disrupting its functioning recently after losing a case.
Trump has long threatened targeted duties to ensure compliance and more favourable deals. While trade lawyers debate the scope for and legality of such actions, most trade economists have argued that US consumers will pay much higher prices to save relatively few jobs.
Triggering trade war
However, instead of imposing duties on specific products, as allowed for by WTO rules, emergency authority may be invoked to impose broad-based tariffs on exports from specific countries, as Trump has threatened to do.
Such an escalation risks causing significant economic damage all round, especially if it provokes retaliatory actions, with no guarantee of securing a more favourable deal. A relatively minor trade dispute can thus easily spin out of control to become a very disruptive global trade war.
After Trump's inauguration, the White House announced US withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, effectively killing the agreement. Ironically, the Obama administration had claimed the TPP would enable the US to write economic rules for the region instead of China, Trump's favourite bogey. Thus, even presidential one-upmanship can trigger the new world trade war.
Bullying as global trade strategy?
In yet another irony, in Davos last week, a Goldman Sachs veteran announced the sale of a majority stake in their multibillion dollar business to a Chinese group before joining the Trump administration as senior trade adviser. Perhaps as a foretaste of what to expect, in response to Chinese President Xi's reminder that “No one will emerge as a winner in a trade war”, they warned that China stands to lose ‘way more' than the US if it retaliates when the new administration imposes selective tariffs on its exports.
The controversial peace treaties which ended the First World War will be renegotiated by groups of young people as part of an international conference taking place in the Netherlands in June 2015.
Over two days, 100 selected students from around the world will assume the roles of the great powers at Versailles, and debate the settlement reached between the Allies and the defeated Central Powers in 1919.
They'll gather at the Peace Palace in The Hague, seat of the International Court of Justice, the UN body set up in 1945 to settle legal disputes between states.
The event forms part of a major academic and cultural conference being held in The Hague from June 22nd-26th 2015 to mark the Centenary of the Great War.
‘The Legacy of World War One – Shaping the Modern World' will consider the continued relevance of the conflict. Academics and researchers are invited to submit papers.
Students taking part in the model Versailles conference will consider how they'd resolve the issues which confronted leaders such as Georges Clemenceau, David Lloyd George and Woodrow Wilson in 1919.
The aim is to demonstrate the entanglement of different interests and relations, focussing on:
*The Question of Guilt
*Territorial Arrangements
*War Reparations
*Military Restrictions
*Right to Self-determination
In the century since the Versailles Treaty between the Allies and Germany, it's been widely blamed for fuelling the grievances which led to the rise of the Nazis and the Second World War.
The criticism began almost immediately with the publication of 'The Economic Consquences of the Peace' by the British economist, JM Keynes, in 1919.
The final day of the conference in the Hague will explore cultural aspects of the First World War, with artists, poets and writers describing its impact on their work.
For more details of The Legacy of World War One – Shaping the Modern World' (including submission of papers and registration) visit www.legacyww1.org
Source: Legacy of World War 1
Image of Versailles Conference courtesy of the Imperial War Museum © IWM (Q 14997)
Posted by: Peter Alhadeff, Centenary News
The family of a First Nations elder says they were humiliated when an employee searched them at a Canadian Tire store in Saskatchewan earlier this week.
Gordon Albert, 78, of the Sweetgrass First Nation was in North Battleford shopping for a gift with their wife Marlene and son Deryk on Monday, but they didn't find what they were looking for.
The anti-theft sensor by the door beeped as they left and an employee stopped them and asked them to take off their coat, Marlene Albert said Thursday.
"That lady took their cigarettes out, took their phone out. They were just going through their pockets," they said. "He said, 'What else do you want me to take off? My clothes?"'
Albert said the employee never explicitly accused their husband of stealing, but the encounter upset and embarrassed him.
Encounter embarrassing, says wife
"I wanted them to come with me to Walmart the other day and they wouldn't even go. They wouldn't even go into the store."
They said they and their husband have been driving buses on the Sweetgrass reserve and in town for decades, and are well known for their work with the local minor hockey team. They go to Canadian Tire often to shop for gardening supplies or things for their vehicle and have never had an experience like this, they said.
"I guess they won't see us anymore."
I've always taught my kids to work for what they wanted. - Marlene Albert
Albert said the implication that their husband would steal makes no sense, as they make enough money to support their family.
"Why would I want to come and steal something when I can buy it right out?" they recall them asking after the run-in at the store.
"I've always taught my kids to work for what they wanted."
Store considered matter resolved
Canadian Tire said in a statement that staff inspected shopping bags for any tags that have not been removed, as they normally do when an alarm goes off. They determined that the sensor was triggered by something the Alberts bought elsewhere.
"Recent conversations between the store and Mr. Albert and their family have been positive and productive, and the store considered the matter to have been resolved," the company said.
Marlene Albert said the store manager called their husband to apologize the next day. Them son said they got a call, too.
"He said, 'It wasn't a race thing' and I said, 'It was a race thing,"' they said.
The family is still considering their options, but at the very least, I am recommending that they file a human rights complaint. - FSIN Chief Bobby Cameron
It was embarrassing to have everyone in the store looking at them, they said.
"It just offended me ... I was pretty upset all that day."
The Federation of Sovereign Indigenous Nations, which represents 74 First Nations in Saskatchewan, said the retail industry needs a wake-up call.
"The family is still considering their options, but at the very least, I am recommending that they file a human rights complaint," said Chief Bobby Cameron.
Donald Trump declared a $916 million loss on their 1995 income tax return, allowing them to legally avoid paying taxes for decades, a report says (AFP Photo/Mandel Ngan)
Washington (AFP) - Donald Trump declared a loss of nearly $1 billion on their 1995 income tax return, allowing them to legally avoid paying taxes for almost two decades, according to documents obtained by The New York Times.
The revelations come after the outspoken Republican presidential candidate repeatedly refused to make their tax filings public, the first candidate to do so since Richard Nixon in the 1970s.
The billionaire's tax records show "the extraordinary tax benefits" that Trump derived "from the financial wreckage they left behind in the early 1990s through mismanagement of three Atlantic City casinos, their ill-fated foray into the airline business and their ill-timed purchase of the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan," The Times said in its Sunday edition.
While Trump's taxable income in the following years is unknown, "a $916 million loss in 1995 would have been large enough to wipe out more than $50 million a year in taxable income over 18 years," the report said.
The Times said it received the three pages of the tax returns via mail from an anonymous source, with a return address on the envelope as Trump Tower in New York, the real estate tycoon's headquarters.
The newspaper said it verified the authenticity of the documents and had them reviewed by a tax expert.
- 'Bombshell' -
Trump has never held political office, so the core of their campaign relies on their alleged acumen as a successful business person.
The Trump campaign issued a statement that said nothing about the veracity of the report, and did not address the $916 million loss.
"Mr Trump is a highly-skilled business person who has a fiduciary responsibility to their business, their family and their employees to pay no more tax than legally required," the statement said.
"That being said, Mr Trump has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes," it added, giving no specifics.
The campaign attacked The Times as "an extension of the Clinton Campaign, the Democratic Party and their global special interests."
"BOMBSHELL," wrote Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon on Twitter. "Trump's returns show just how lousy a business person they are AND how long they may have avoided paying any taxes."
Soon after the news broke late Saturday, Trump appeared agitated and veered off message repeatedly at a rally in Manheim, Pennsylvania.
Trump showed up more than 1.5 hours late to the event, then repeatedly rambled off on tangents, talking about their now-canceled reality TV show "The Apprentice," "crazy" Bernie Sanders, the "dopes at CNN," "phony pundits," and how Clinton "could actually be crazy," The Washington Post reported.
On Sunday Trump responded to The Times on Twitter, saying: "I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them."
They then claimed to have created "tens of thousands of jobs," while "Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!" (Department of Justice).
- Donations flow to Clinton -
Trump's Democratic rival Hillary Clinton said Saturday they raised a record $154 million in September for their White House bid, up from $143 million raised in August.
Campaign donations usually increase as the November 8 election approaches, and the money raised is actually divided between Clinton's campaign and the Democratic Party.
In August, Trump raised $90 million but their campaign has not yet released a figure for September.
Individual Americans can donate up to $2,700 to a candidate in a general election. Larger donations are distributed among the network of state parties.
Clinton and their Democratic allies begin the month of October with a war chest of $150 million to blitz TV, radio and the internet with ads.
Clinton relies more than Trump on elite private fundraising events in which one ticket can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Barbara Bush -- one of Republican former president George W. Bush's two daughters -- was the surprise guest at a Clinton fundraiser for expats in Paris, CNN and Politico reported.
Barbara Bush even posed for a selfie group photo with Clinton confidant and top aide Huma Abedin and others, including a prominent fashion industry insider.
The Bush family has shown no love towards Trump, and Barbara's 92 year-old grandfather, ex-president George H. W. Bush, reportedly said that they are voting for Clinton.
Clinton has seen their fortunes rebound after their strong September 26 presidential debate performance.
The latest average posted by RealClear Politics shows Clinton ahead of Trump by three percentage points, 43.8 percent to 40.9 percent.
The former secretary of state is expanding their lead after Trump's popularity rose to within margin of error territory in many polls, and had crept ahead in some surveys.
Sebastien Bacher, software engineer at Canonical, recently posted a message on the Ubuntu Desktop mailing list in which they propose that Ubuntu stays on GTK/GNOME 3.8 for the next cycle (Ubuntu 14.04 LTS).
In their message, Sebastien states the following reasons for staying with GNOME 3.8 for another cycle:
we (Ubuntu Desktop) are currently mostly happy with what we have;
the focus for the Ubuntu Desktop team is likely to continue to be Ubuntu Touch/phone next cycle;
due to the previous factor, we are going to be limited in resources to do desktop work;
it's a LTS cycle, we should focus on bugs fixing if possible;
GTK 3.10 deprecates several options, it would be good to stay away from those controversies for the LTS (see this as an example of what is going to happen once we deprecate those options);
it seems like the next RedHat enterprise edition is going to be based on GNOME 3.8, if that's the case it would make sense for us to focus on ;
bringing quality to the same version/share the maintenance work a bit.
For stability, this make sense since Ubuntu 14.04 is going to be a long term release and updating to GNOME 3.10 or 13.12 will likely introduce many bugs that can't be fixed in time because the Ubuntu developers are focusing on Ubuntu Touch/phone, but it also means that Ubuntu 14.04 will lag two releases behind GNOME which will affect Ubuntu GNOME, Ubuntu users who are contributing to GNOME as well as some non-core GNOME applications that require the latest GNOME technologies.
Sebastien Bacher's message is just a suggestion / invitation to discussion and not a final decision, but considering that there's not enough man power (because of the Ubuntu Touch focus) to fix everything in time for the Ubuntu 14.04 LTS release, it doesn't seem like there's an actual choice.
This edition of Flare Path is dedicated to Gerda Hampson, the SOE agent known as ‘Hawk Moth' who on June 22nd 1942, charmed their way into The Berghof posing as a Swiss entomologist, and surreptitiously changed Hitler's personal difficulty setting from ‘easy' to ‘ironman'. The sly switch wasn't discovered for two and a half years by which time, of course, there was no way back for the red-faced Führer.
I fancy Gerda would have enjoyed both the new releases I've been toying with this week. Them connection with big-picture WW2 TBS Strategic War in Europe is obvious, but unless you happen to have read their 800-page autobiography ‘A Moth and a Mother', you probably won't be aware Hawk Moth also had a thing for big rigs.
I wasn't expecting much from Scania Truck Driving Simulator. A mid-priced Euro Truck Simulator 2 hors d'oeuvre that looked from a distance like classic tide-us-over-ware (ETS2 has been in the pipeline for a long time by SCS's standards) now that I've got my hands on it I'm pleased to be able to report it's actually surprisingly substantial and self-confident offering.
Imagine Tricky Truck had traded its editor and damage models, for authentic cabs and DiRTy visuals, and you'll have a pretty good idea of what to expect from this arduous artic assault course. For your 20 EUR you get an impressive selection of 38 challenges that range from ‘simple' parking and manoeuvre tests (10), to arena events drawn directly from the European Truck Driver of the Year competition (13), and perilous A-to-B runs in lovingly wrought real-world environments (15).
Whether you're edging along a section of Bolivia's Road of Death, or trying to reverse your rig into a narrow U of traffic cones at Scania's Södertälje test-centre, chances are you'll be concentrating with an intensity you usually reserve for flight-sim carrier landings and A2A refuelling. STDS isn't out to flatter or flimflam, but because scraped paintwork and toppled cones erode stopwatch-determined points tallies rather than end runs, the rigour rarely frustrates.
And if the fiendish tests – each with their own online leaderboard – do ever send you figuratively or literally over the edge, you can always seek refuge in Free Roam, a simplified version of Euro Truck Sim's career mode in which you beetle around a chunk of industrialised city-edge collecting and delivering randomly generated trailers. No cash changes hands and there's no chance to upgrade your rig (you use the same Scania machine throughout the game). It's a poor man's Euro Truck Simulator/18 Wheels of Steel but a welcome change of pace after an hour or two of torturous dockyard container mazes and winding rockfall-sprinkled mountain roads.
Physics and sound are two areas where I would like to see SCS try a little harder. Despite jamming microphones up various sooty lorrifices, truck audio still feels a little thin and synthetic. The rich interplay of engine, axles, transmission, and brake noise present in a sim like OMSI just isn't there in STDS. Handling too is adequate rather than uncanny. Driving on unmetalled surfaces and roadside verges feel much the same as motoring on tarmac. Jam on the anchors or turn violently at speed and the results aren't nearly as coffee-slopping/tyre-shredding as they probably should be.
Time of Tetchiness
After [kettledrum-roll] TIME OF WRATH and [kettledrum-roll] TIME OF FURY comes [kazoo fanfare]… Strategic War In Europe! Hmm, Wastelands Interactive might have lost their way a bit when it comes to nomenclature, but their latest project shows they have an increasingly clear idea of what most of us part-time Pattons want and expect from a WW2 grand-strategy game.
SWIE is a trimmer, faster, cheaper, version of Time of Fury. With fewer hexes on its map, and an interface honed over three years, it's the kind of game that barely needs tutorials or a manual. A Hearts of Iron 3 for the time-poor and easily befuddled, Poland can be pole-axed in half an hour, the Low Countries laid low in 15 minutes, Russia rushed in… actually, all my attempts at Barbarossa-ing the Soviets have so-far ended in panzer-pwned ignominy so you'll have to work that out for yourself.
There's a lot to like about this £13 offering. The AI seems to have its head screwed on nice and tight. Convoys, naval warfare, production, research, and diplomacy are all cleverly streamlined. The opportunity to play as minors or individual Axis/Allied nations provides singleplayer flexibility that you won't find in likeable rivals like Commander: Europe At War. My few, minor reservations revolve around balance and freshness.
Stomping around in Stalin's boots, I was a little surprised at the feebleness of the Finns (My Winter War was more of a Christmas Cakewalk) Attempting to ape Adolf, the number and sophistication of the armoured units rapidly raised by the communists came as something of a surprise. I could probably up the historicism by adjusting the difficulty settings of individual nations in the pre-game options screen, but had rather hoped a ‘Normal' game would produce more redolent results.
Wastlands could also use a a dash of 2×2 Games' vision and verve. SWIE exudes competence, but also smells slightly of mildew. If you've been wargaming for a decade or two, it could seem a trifle tired.
The Flare Path Foxer
FP spent much of their holiday staring out to sea. Because the sea in question was one of the busiest shipping lanes in the World, the staring never became wearing. Glittering ocean liners, hulking container ships, reeking guano barques… What were their names? To which exotic ports were they bound?… FP's mind wheeled like the gulls overhead.
Of course, if he'd had their laptop with him, they could have figured out the answers to these questions in much the same way as a canny lad or lass might figure out the names and the current destinations/locations of the nine ships ciphered below.
The ill-conceived Iron Front collages from a couple of weeks back elicited so many superb naming suggestions that it seems a shame to pick just one per vehicle. Gold runner-up FP Flair Points go to… Nikelspank, nimzy, Chris D, Simas Nick, Skabooga, Caleb367, & Dances to Podcasts
Fairly arbitrary Iron Fronted ones to …
A) JB/Alex Bakke/Conor/Letum (Kubelflakken/Kubelflacken/Kubelflaken) and Elmar Bijlsma (Kubelkanonenwagen auf selbstfart lafette Skfzwtfomg typ 82 ausführung D)
B) Gaytard Fondue (StuG³) and Fumarole (Tristugatops)
C) Electricfox (Pestka) and Pepper (PEZ Dispenser)
D) Rugged Malone/Gaytard Fondue (Flamin' Willys)
E) Pheasant Plucker (“Meh. That's just a Tiger II with the usual 88mm K43 L71 gun (88 minutes means Klucks 43 Lays 71)”), Man Raised by Puffins (“The famous ‘Henschel's Hen Rack' modification for the King Tiger (tanks thus modified were designated Sd.Kfz. 182-H “Huhntiger”). Crack units of five ‘Krieghuhn' were trained to lay on command from the specialist Hen Commander, located in a new sponson/seed hopper on the left side of the turret (not pictured), providing the tank with an unparalleled level of protection against enemy infantry looking to off-load a cheeky sticky bomb at very close ranges.”) and Commander_Zeus (“well this is the famous Luftwaffe FallschirmHühner team. A favourite of Göring, they would parachute above the arena, landing in height order along the gun barrel of the latest Panzer (Tiger II in this case), to wild applause and honorary Knight's Crosses.”)
The ongoing crime against environmentalists in Honduras must end
by Jeff Conant, senior international forest campaigner
Friends of the Earth Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 10, 2016
A full week after the murder of Honduran social movement leader Berta Cáceres, the situation in Honduras continues to be urgent. Amnesty International has denounced irregularities in the Honduran government's handling of the investigation — which includes the Honduran government's detention of Gustavo Castro of Friends of the Earth Mexico who was wounded in the attack on Berta, and is being detained in Honduras, at great threat to their life.
Berta's colleagues in the Council of Indigenous and Popular Organizations of Honduras, and their community members, continue to be at risk of ongoing repression from the Honduran state. Rather than investigating the many instances of death threats and murder attempts on Berta prior to their killing, the Honduran government has called the killing a crime of passion and a botched robbery, and has focused its investigation on COPINH itself. In a private letter to friends and family written from custody, Castro says that the crime scene has been altered, that all of the photos they have been given to identify the killers were of COPINH members themselves, and that days went by before they were allowed to eat or change out of blood-spattered clothes, after having Berta die in their arms and suffering two gunshot wounds themselves in an attempt on their life.
Berta was a widely loved and world acclaimed defender of our environment, and Gustavo Castro worked alongside them and COPINH protecting the environment and the rights of local communities, oftentimes confronting some of the most influential and powerful state and economic interests. The killing of Berta, the targeting of COPINH, and the ongoing arbitrary detention of Gustavo Castro fit a pattern of criminal persecution of environmental and human rights defenders across the hemisphere, including the illegal criminalization of their advocacy by the state, by corrupt police forces, judicial systems and private interests.
Support Friends of the Earth's demand that the State Department ensure protections for Gustavo and COPINH, and support independent oversight for the investigation.
As this article by our friends at International Rivers explains, there can be no doubt about who killed Berta Cáceres. But in the days and weeks ahead, Honduran authorities and those international interests sponsoring infrastructure projects in Honduras will try to distort the reality of what has happened, and what is happening, in Honduras.
In the course of their work, Berta Cáceres suffered constant death threats against themselves and their family, threats of sexual violence and assault, attacks and harassment. They were also the subject of continual legal harassment by judicial authorities and intimidation by security forces and local government officials. In the six months before their murder, according to COPINH, the threats against them escalated and included shots fired at their car and verbal threats by members of the military, police, local authorities and representatives of the hydroelectric company.
Berta had been granted precautionary measures from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights since 2009 but never received the full protection they needed. In fact, they are one of 15 human rights defenders who have been killed in Honduras while beneficiaries of IACHR precautionary measures, as reported by the Committee of Relatives of the Disappeared in Honduras (COFADEH). COPINH as an organization also received precautionary measures from the IACHR after the other co-founder of the group, Tomás García, was killed in 2013 by a Honduran soldier — also for protesting the construction of the Agua Zarca dam. On March 5, 2016, following Berta's killing, the IACHR granted precautionary measures for the COPINH, Berta Cáceres' family and Gustavo Castro, given the risk to their safety.
Berta Lives! rally. New York City, NY on March 8, 2016.
By now it should be clear that the killing was no random event. In fact, its not just part of the trend of killings of environmental defenders — it's an uncanny repeat of an earlier killing of a woman environmental defender in Honduras. Jeanette Kawas, a Honduran environmentalist, was killed in 1995; years later a landmark human rights case based on their murder, Kawas v. Honduras, set international legal precedent for the requirement that States protect at-risk environmental human rights defenders — a precedent that without doubt applies to Berta's murder.
Especially given the very public awareness of the constant threats to Berta's life, the precedent of the Kawas case makes the Honduran state culpable in Ms. Cáceres' assassination. In the days, weeks and months ahead, we'll see how the State Department, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, and the many other entities involved in the investigation handle that particular question.
But international legal scholarship aside, the issue at hand is that Berta Cáceres is dead, Gustavo Castro is in danger in Honduras, COPINH is under constant threat, and the rivers and forests of Honduras — like in so many places — are on the chopping block. With that in mind, of all the documents coming out in the days after the murder, there may be none clearer than this statement released by Berta's family and members of COPINH on March 6:
Delivered from the final resting place of our Berta. Our mom, our daughter, our guide.
Them daughters Olivia, Bertha and Laura, their son Salvador, their mother Austraberta alongside family and friends, wish to make public our thoughts in this moment of profound sorrow.
Our Berta is the greatest inspiration we have known, that is why we feel a need to ensure that the truth about their life and struggle is heard. Firstly, we want to say thank you for all the solidarity, both national and international. We want to say thank you for the support of their Lenca people, to whom they gave the best of their resistance. To the Garifuna people, with whom they bonded in struggle and visions of utopia. To all the organizations and social movements in Honduras, Latin America and the world who have made our pain their own. We are grateful for the enormous showing of affection and condolences that the Honduran people have offered, demonstrating that Berta's fight is the dignified fight of all the peoples and the fight that the world needs.
We must not allow the truth about the crime that ended their lives to be distorted. We know with complete certainty that the motivation for their vile assassination was their struggle against the exploitation of nature's common wealth and in defence of the Lenca people. Them murder is an attempt to put an end to the struggle of the Lenca people against all forms of exploitation and expulsion. It is an attempt to halt the construction of a new world.
Them death comes in the middle of their fight against the installation of the Agua Zarca hydroelectric dam on the Gualcarque River. We demand that it be made clear that the responsibility for this lies with the company DESA, which is developing the project. We hold DESA, the international financial organizations backing the project (the Netherlands Development Finance Company FMO, Finnfund, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration, Ficohsa Bank), and the contractors (CASTOR and the Atala Group) responsible for the persecution, criminalization, stigmatization and constant death threats against Berta, us, and COPINH. We hold the Honduran state responsible for obstructing Berta's protection and for contributing to their persecution, criminalization and murder. For having chosen to favor the interests of the company over and above the decisions of the communities.
How is it possible that the very police, army and security ministry that protect the interests and installations of DESA are the same institutions that were expected to guarantee the protection of our Berta? How is it possible that the same police, army and Honduran state that was supposed to protect their well being are the same ones that sent their death threats, harassed her, and persecuted her?
It is the business groups in bed with the national government, the municipal government and the State's repressive institutions which are behind the extractive projects being developed in the region. The financiers of these extractivist projects of death are the same ones responsible for the death of our Berta, and so many others struggling against the exploitation of their territories. Because it is this money that allows for the imposition of economic interests over the ancestral rights of the peoples.
We will not allow Berta's image to be transformed into an empty logo. Our Berta will be celebrated as part of the permanent and energetic struggle in defence of life and territory, and against this system of exploitation and pillage.
Given the demonstrated lack of objectivity seen in previous investigations in this country, we demand that the investigation of this crime be handled by an impartial international commission formed by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, international human rights organizations and the appropriate governmental organisms.
We want the integrity of Berta's status as a resistance figure to be respected.  They are an eternal fighter against racism, patriarchy and the oppressive and murderous capitalist system. Them struggle is marked by a vigorous anti-imperialism, consistently affirmed in their international activities and their thorough rejection of the coup d'état financed and supported by the United States. The coup marked the beginning of this handing over of national territory to the transnational corporations to the detriment of the rights of the Lenca people and the Honduran population.
We demand the immediate and permanent cancellation of DESA's Gualcarque River concession, guaranteeing the free flow of the waters of the Gualcarque. If the government is honestly interested in justice, then we demand that they cancel all concessions for mining, dams, logging and all projects that threaten our national sovereignty.
We demand respect and guarantees of physical, legal and emotional security for our family, the communities of COPINH, Rio Blanco in particular, and all those organized in COPINH.
Berta's struggle was not only for the environment, it was for system change, in opposition to capitalism, racism and patriarchy.
Not only did they kill our mother, they killed the mother of an entire people. We are calling for an intensification of the mobilizations, denunciations and demonstrations of solidarity demanding true justice.
As Berta said: “Wake up! Wake up humanity! There's no more time. Our consciences will be shaken if we simply contemplate our self-destruction based on predatory capitalism, racism and patriarchy.”
Berta Lives!!
Delivered in La Esperanza, Intibucá on the 5th day of March of the year 2016.
Act NOW: Tell the State Department to protect Gustavo and COPINH!
World Cup of Hockey breathes life into sleepy September
The World Cup of Hockey is not the Olympics, and likely never will be, no matter how badly the NHL wants it to be. It's a made-for-TV, jersey-selling cash grab that will give the NHL a national spotlight — back on ESPN for the first time sine 2004 — during the thick of baseball pennant races and the start of football season.
But that doesn't mean it won't be a heck of a lot of fun. Players and fans alike will gladly take a best-on-best international tournament over monotonous training camps and lifeless preseason games.
“I like different,” said Blackhawks defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson, who will play for Sweden along with Marcus Kruger. “I like to mix things up. It's going to be a fun tournament — a lot of great players playing in the biggest hockey city in the world. So I'm excited to play for my home country and put that jersey on. It's going to be a lot of fun.”
The eight teams in the World Cup open training camps on Monday. Each team will play two pre-tournament games before descending on Toronto for the two-week tournament from Sept. 17 through Oct. 1. After a week of pool play, four teams will advance to the semifinals, with the two winners meeting in a best-of-three series for the World Cup, which was last contested in 2004, when Canada won.
The Canadians — who won the last two Olympic gold medals — are favorites again, with a ridiculously stacked roster that includes Jonathan Toews, Corey Crawford, Sidney Crosby, Tyler Seguin, John Tavares, Ryan Getzlaf and a host of other superstars. With an unrivaled defensive corps, Sweden is another strong contender.
Patrick Kane leads the United States. Other Hawks playing are Artemi Panarin and Artem Anisimov (Russia), Michal Kempny (Czech Republic), Ville Pokka (Finland), and Marian Hossa, who will play for Team Europe. Joel Quenneville is an assistant coach for Mike Babcock's Canada squad, and Stan Bowman is co-manager of Team North America, an intriguing group of Americans and Canadians 23 and younger, including Connor McDavid, Auston Matthews, and Brandon Saad.
“The excitement for our team is going to be up front,” Bowman said. “We should be high-powered, offensive, score a lot of goals, fun to watch. It's such a short tournament, it's hard to predict where it'll go. They don't know they should be intimidated.”
Only the Tampa Bay Lightning will have more players in the World Cup than the Hawks, who have 10 (it would have been 13, but Duncan Keith pulled out to continue rehabbing their knee, Teuvo Teravainen was traded to Carolina, and Christian Ehrhoff was not re-signed). While that will make for an unusual start to training camp later this month, with many of the team's top players still in Toronto while a bevy of prospects and role players fight for jobs without Quenneville watching, the Hawks believe it will give them an advantage when the puck drops on the 2016-17 season on Oct. 12.
“For players going to the World Cup, I don't know if you can prepare any better for the season,” Kane said. “You're going to be playing at maybe the highest level that you ever have. During the Olympics, you have players coming in during the middle of season, flying overseas — players are tired. Now, players are going to be coming in rested, and teams are going to be as prepared as possible. It's going to be fun for us.”
Had it been a typical summer for the Hawks, the World Cup might have been more of a burden. But after ending their season in June three straight years, the Hawks were bounced in the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs by the St. Louis Blues. It's been a whopping 131 days since the Hawks took the ice in an official capacity, so the World Cup couldn't have come at a better time.
The NHL, of course, hopes that the World Cup concept will take off and replace the Olympics in players' eyes. Whether the NHL will participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, or not remains an open question. Players clearly want to go. And owners clearly don't want to continue shutting down the league for three weeks in February every four years, while risking injuries to their biggest stars. The World Cup might not ever be an adequate replacement for the players, but they're looking forward to it nonetheless.
“It's exciting,” Quenneville said. “It's a privilege for the guys who get a chance to play in a great environment on a very competitive stage. It's the best players in the world, and you get to play among them. I think guys will be excited about it.”
Email: mlazerus@suntimes.com
Twitter: @marklazerus
Traffic and Transport Information for Sunday, 20 Sept 2015 View this email in your browser Dear 2015 Blackmores Sydney Running Festival Participant,
Unfortunately we've been informed by Transport NSW that there will be track work taking place on the Illawarra line on Sunday 20 September.
We would encourage you to allow extra time to get from home to the start line.
Below is a table of the affected stations and bus replacement info. Further below, is a guide as to how many car parks are available at relevant train stations should you wish to drive to the train line and park.
Driving into the City on race day is not advised due to the large number of road closures for the event.
We look forward to seeing you this Sunday.
Buses replace trains between Waterfall, Cronulla and Central on the T4 Illawarra Line. Services depart every 10-15 minutes.
Route numbers and first early T4 Illawarra Line buses are shown below: Route From Departure Destination Arrival Stopping Pattern 2T4 Waterfall 0420 hours Central 0524 hours Heathcote, Engadine, Loftus, Sutherland, Central. 6T4 Cronulla 0343 hours Central 0520 hours All to Sutherland, Hurstville, all to Sydenham and then Central. 4T4 Sutherland 0412 hours Central 0507 hours Jannali, Como, Central. 1AT4 Kirrawee 0417 hours Central 0505 hours Gymea, Miranda, Central. 3T4 Oatley 0400 hours Central 0450 hours Mortdale, Penshurst, Hurstville, Central. 7T4 Hurstville 0345 hours Central 0442 hours All to Central. 5T4 Kogarah 0413 hours Central 0448 hours Rockdale, Central.
Buses replace trains between Port Kembla, Wollongong, Dapto and Central on the South coastline.
Services depart approximately every 30 minutes. Trains run to an amended timetable between Bomaderry and Dapto.
Route numbers and first early South Coast coaches are shown below: Route From Departure Destination Arrival Stopping Pattern 23SC Dapto 0313 hours Central 0548 hours All to Thirroul, Waterfall, then Central. 24SC Wollongong 0259 hours Central 0519 hours All to Thirroul, Waterfall, then Central. 25SC Wollongong 0301 hours Central 0519 hours North Wollongong, Thirroul, all to Waterfall, then Central.
Available Parking spots are shown below: T4 Illawarra Line Qty South Coast Qty Sydenham
Tempe
Arncliffe
Rockdale
Kogarah
Allawah
Hurstville
Penshurst
Mortdale
Oatley
Como
Jannali
Sutherland
Kirrawee
Gymea
Miranda
Woolooware
Cronulla
Loftus
Engadine
Heathcote
Waterfall
285
184
125
27
535
106
230
203
116
96
211
476
1595
62
90
170
170
167
180
85
178
163 Helensburgh
Otford
Stanwell Park
Coalcliff
Scarborough
Wombarra
Coledale
Austinmer
Thirroul
Bulli
Woonona
Bellambi
Corrimal
Towradgi
Fairy Meadow
North Wollongong
Wollongong
Cringila
Port Kembla
Coniston
Unanderra
Kembla Grange
Dapto
Albion Park
Oak Flats
Shellharbour Junction
Minnamurra
Bombo
Kiama
Gerringong
Berry
Bomaderry 102
8
28
10
20
2
17
52
130
85
52
44
70
15
66
60
165
43
2
32
170
3
142
46
144
16
15
12
37
12
29
84 More Traffic & Transport Information
Mermaids—the topic of my Junior Skeptic 48 story bound inside Skeptic Vol. 18, No. 3—are usually considered fantastical, purely imaginary creatures. (Or, at least, they were until Animal Planet and the Discovery Channel aired their infamous 2012 and 2013 documentary-style hoaxes Mermaids: The Body Found and Mermaids: The New Evidence. These hoaxes are discussed in detail in the same issue of Junior Skeptic, in a section excerpted here at INSIGHT.)
In a culture that accepts all manner of supernatural wonders, potions, and wizardry, mermaids have enjoyed a special place in the rhetoric of both organized and folk skepticism. Along with unicorns and leprechauns, mermaids have frequently served as a go-to example of a self-evidently silly claim. When science reporter John Noble Wilford1 accompanied a monster-hunting group to Loch Ness in 1976 for a series of New York Times articles, for example, skeptic Philip J. Klass2 used mermaids to poke fun at the whole enterprise. Klass wrote to the paper in their (pretend) role as “Director Pro-Tem” of the (non-existent) “Mermaid Investigation Sightings Society”:
Deepest sympathies to science news director John Noble Wilford in their hardship post along the banks of Loch Ness, covering the efforts of the Academy of Applied Science/New York Times Loch Ness Expedition. Reports of Mermaid sightings predate Nessie sightings by many centuries and have come from a wide spectrum of God-fearing, sea-faring men. The Mermaid Investigation Sightings Society (MISS) invites the New York Times to join forces for another expedition to investigate mermaids this winter from the islands of the Caribbean. If Wilford can stand another hardship post, their press coverage would be welcome.3
Klass may have been joking, but they were of course correct that mermaid and merman sightings go back a very long way—to classical antiquity, certainly. The 1st century Roman natural historian Pliny the Elder, for example, related well-attested accounts of both Tritons (fish-tailed mermen) and Nereids (mermaids or sea nymphs).
A deputation of persons from Olisipo [Lisbon], that had been sent for the purpose, brought word to the Emperor Tiberius that a triton had been both seen and heard in a certain cavern, blowing a conch-shell, and of the form under which they are usually represented. Nor yet is the figure generally attributed to the nereids at all a fiction; only in them, the portion of the body that resembles the human figure is still rough all over with scales.4
Some towns of the ancient world even exhibited mermaids—presumably taxidermic fakes, but nonetheless part of a long-standing tradition in which mer-people were held to be creatures that physically existed in the oceans. In the centuries since, people have gone on spotting mermaids. They are, indeed, still spotted to this day.5
Cryptozoological authorities have been somewhat divided on what these sightings represent. This is not surprising. On the one hand, people say they see mermaids, and taking eyewitnesses at their word is the whole point of cryptozoology.
On the other hand…mermaids? C'mon. Surely cryptozoology is fringe enough as it is.
Erich Pontoppidan (Bishop of Bergen in Norway) made both the sea serpent and the kraken a part of global popular culture with their 1755 Natural History of Norway (a process explored in detail in Abominable Science!, my book with Donald Prothero).6 It is often forgotten that Pontoppidan gave no less weight to sightings of mermaids, and for the same reason: as with the sea serpent, lots of people said they saw mermaids.
They aren't altogether naive about the preposterousness of what they were proposing in their case for the mermaid. Pontoppidan was a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences, an advocate for science literacy, and (surprisingly enough for a pioneering sea monster advocate) something of a skeptical investigator.7 “The existence of this creature is questioned by many, nor is it at all to be wondered at,” they acknowledged, “because most of the accounts we have had of it, are mixed with meer [sic] fables, and may be looked upon as idle tales.”8 They dismissed the more outlandish or magical tales as folkloric gloss applied to a real animal: “When such fictions are mixed with the history of the Mer-man, and when that creature is represented as a prophet and an orator; when they give the Mer-maid a melodious voice, and tell us that they are a fine singer, one need not wonder that so few people of sense will give credit to such absurdities, or that they even doubt the existence of such a creature.”9 Such embellished-seeming tales were not usually first-person accounts, Pontoppidan found; however, much more plausibly straightforward eyewitness accounts were common:
Here, in the diocese of Bergen, as well as in the manor of Nordland, are several hundreds of persons of credit and reputation, who affirm, with the strongest assurances, that they have seen this kind of creature sometimes at a distance, and at other times quite close to their boats, standing upright, and formed like a human creature down to the middle; the rest they could not see. I have spoken with many of these people, all eye-witnesses to the existence of the creature and I have taken all possible precautions in examining them strictly on the subject. The result was, that I found them all agree in every particular of their accounts….10
And indeed, Pontoppidan was surely correct that some mermaid accounts were more-or-less accurate descriptions of real animals. While it remains a matter of speculation whether dugongs or manatees (or perhaps their fossilized bones) could have contributed to the original ancient origin of the mermaid legend, they certainly seem to have played a role in more recent centuries. For example, Christopher Columbus is widely thought to have identified manatees as mermaids in 1493 on the coast of what is now the Dominican Republic:
The Admiral relates, that when on their visit to the Rio del Oro [now the Yaque Del Norte River] yesterday, they saw three mermaids standing high out of the water, they had faces something similar to those of human beings, but were not so handsome as it was customary to represent them: they add that they have formerly seen them in Guinea, upon the Pepper coast.
Today, West Africa's “Pepper Coast” corresponds with the Republic of Liberia—part of the range of the West African manatee. Pontoppidan quoted sources whose descriptions of mermaids are clearly identifiable as West African manatees and other sirenian mammals (a taxonomic nod to mermaids since 1811) found around the world:
“That in the Sea of Angola Mermaids are frequently caught'd, which resemble the human species. They are taken in nets, and kill'd by the negroes, and are heard to shriek and cry like women. The inhabitants on that coast eat their flesh, being very fond of it, which they say is much like pork in taste….” I shall add to all this, a passage relating to this subject, which may be met with under the article Meer-mann…in the Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences, published by John Theodore Jablonsky : “Meer-man, Meer-weib, Meer-minne, that is, Sea-man, Mermaid, or Siren…is a Fish found in the seas, and in some rivers in the Southern parts of Africa and India, and in the Philipine and Molucca Islands, Brasil, North America, and Europe, in the North Sea. … It has an high forehead, little eyes, a flat nose, and large mouth, but has no chin or ears. It has two arms, which are short, but without joints or elbows, with hands or paws, to each of which there are four long fingers, (which are not very flexible) connected to each other by a membrane, like that of the foot of a goose. … The females have breasts to suckle their offspring; so that the upper part of their body resembles that of the human species, and the lower part that of a Fish. Their skin is of a brownish grey colour…. Their flesh is as fat as pork, particularly the upper parts of their bodies; and this is a favourite dish with the Indians…. It makes a lamentable cry when drawn out of the water….”11
Sadly for them, the tropical dugongs and manatees are reportedly delicious, and terribly easy to catch—as was the giant sirenian of the frigid Bering Sea, Stellar's sea cow. Extant during Pontoppidan's time, Stellar's sea cow was hunted to extinction within three decades of its discovery by European sailors. Disturbingly, the distress calls of manatees do sound much like screams. (Listen to audio.)
The methods used to anesthetize prostate cancer patients and control pain when their prostate glands are surgically removed for adenocarcinoma may affect their long-term cancer outcomes, a study led by Mayo Clinic has found.
Opioids, painkillers commonly given during and after surgery, may suppress the immune system's ability to fight cancer cells. The research suggests that supplementing general anesthesia with a spinal or epidural painkiller before a radical prostatectomy reduces a patient's need for opioids after surgery, and this finding was associated with a lower risk of cancer recurrence. The findings are published online in the British Journal of Anaesthesia.
The immune system's strength is especially important in cancer surgery because surgical manipulation of a tumor may spread cancer cells. The immune system can be impaired by general anesthesia, the overall stress surgery places on the body and by post-surgical systemic opioid use. The study found better outcomes in radical prostatectomy patients who had general anesthesia supplemented with spinal or epidural delivery of a long-acting opioid such as morphine, than in those who received general anesthesia only.
“We found a significant association between this opioid-sparing technique, reduced progression of the prostate tumor and overall mortality,” says senior author Juraj Sprung, M.D., Ph.D., a Mayo Clinic anesthesiologist.
Researchers used Mayo Clinic's prostatectomy registry, anesthesia database and electronic medical records to identify patients who had prostate gland surgery for adenocarcinoma from January 1991 through December 2005. Reports of recurrence of cancer, cancer spread and death were confirmed with patients' physicians.
While promising, the findings must be tested in randomized trials, Dr. Sprung says: “Provided future studies confirm what we've found in this study, maybe down the line this would be a standard of care for pain management in patients undergoing cancer surgery.”
CNET
The last few years saw BlackBerry phones slide into irrelevancy as consumers opted for flashier offerings from Apple or Samsung.
Some things never change.
TCL, a Chinese company best known for cheap televisions, as well as budget phones under its Alcatel brand, earlier this year took on the ambitious project of reviving the BlackBerry brand. The result: The company saw its market share fall in the third quarter.
One beneficiary of this decline was Motorola, which jumped into the top five for the first time since 2015, according to a report by market research firm Strategy Analytics (account required).
The shifts underscore the finicky nature of the US phone business when it comes to midtier and lower-end phones. Apple and Samsung dominate the premium market with iPhones and Galaxy S devices, which have a lock on the No. 1 and 2 positions, respectively. But there's a dogfight below as consumers hunt for the best bargains and phone makers try to pack in the best components and features for the lowest price.
TCL, which had some momentum last year, was poised to have a strong 2017 with the addition of BlackBerry to its portfolio. The company launched its first BlackBerry phone, the KeyOne, in February at a splashy event in Barcelona at the Mobile World Congress trade show. Showing it was committed to the brand, it followed up with the all-touchscreen BlackBerry Motion in October.
They haven't caused much of a stir. It didn't help that the KeyOne had a tendency for its screen to pop off.
TCL fell out of the top five in the third quarter, replaced by a surging Motorola. A unit of Chinese consumer electronics giant Lenovo, Motorola has made headway after years of struggle.
"Motorola's recovery has been driven by expanded distribution with all top four US carriers, selling popular new models such as Moto Z2 Play," said Ken Hyers, an analyst at Strategy Analytics.
A TCL spokesperson declined to comment on the sales estimates, but noted that customer response and volumes have exceeded "our high expectations."
Rudi Kalil, vice president of Motorola's North America business, said they were pleased to return to the top five.
Samsung, LG and ZTE all saw increases in sales and market share in the third quarter. Apple remained on top despite seeing both its sales and market share slip.
Overall, smartphone shipments fell by 2 percent from a year ago in the third quarter, according to Strategy Analytics.
The story originally ran at 6:05 a.m. PT.
Update at 10:51 a.m. PT: Adds responses from the companies.
The Smartest Stuff: Innovators are thinking up new ways to make you, and the things around you, smarter.
It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet?
Do I contradict myself?
Very well then I contradict myself
(I am huge, I contain multitudes.)
— Walt Whitman (“Song Of Myself”)
It says here that Merle Haggard is our greatest living singer and songwriter. Country singer and songwriter, if you must limit him.
Just do not argue the point.
We are not in the mood. Johnny Cash is newly buried, George Jones doesn't write their own material, Willie Nelson and Ray Price, Billy Joe Shaver and Bob Dylan are astonishing, towering figures. Dolly Parton comes darn close, there's that.
But if you can listen to “Sing Me Back Home”, “If We Make It Through December”, and, say, “I Hate To See It Go” (from Haggard's new album) without being moved to the core of your soul…well, you're beyond our repair.
Depending upon where you took your meals during the winter of 1969, that may prove a difficult pill to swallow. Those not yet born may have a hard time understanding what all the fuss was (and is) about: A generation later we're still arguing about “Okie From Muskogee”, either the most or least important of Haggard's 38 #1 country hits, and the most famous song they will ever write.
“Okie” made Merle Haggard the darling of Spiro T. Agnew's silent majority and a lightning rod for the new left. It suggested a southern strategy to the Republican party that dramatically changed the political landscape. And it cemented the chasm separating country from rock, made that divide seem as impenetrable as the Berlin Wall. (It wasn't, not even that permanent; Waylon, Willie, and a five-leafed weed eased tensions only a few years later.)
Already a major country star, Haggard became a household name, and, like Uncle Tom's Cabin more than a century earlier, “Okie” clove that house in two. So politically charged were the times that even chitchat around the dinner table, ordinarily useful to keep family values on track, could erupt into screaming matches. Nightly. America was, then as now, in the midst of a bitter cultural war, and everything got serious when names like Richard Nixon, Martin Luther King and Abbie Hoffman came up in conversation. Haggard's song inserted them into the middle of that discussion.
By the winter of 1969 there was no middle ground, and where you stood on “Okie” firmly established which side you were on, whether you wore sandals or boots, whether you thought hippies deserved to be beaten or honored for their opposition to the Vietnam War. Haggard's next single, the patriotically charged “Fightin' Side Of Me”, made clear where they stood.
No, it didn't, actually.
The reaction to their latest single, “That's The News”, smartly selected from their latest record, Like Never Before (on their own Hag Records imprint), suggests just how complex and mercurial a figure Merle Haggard has always been. And what a gifted artist they remain.
Sad truth to tell, Haggard has been old news for a while, at least in the pop culture wars. Their last #1 country hit, “Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Star”, charted in 1987. As with many of their peers, they were consigned to greatest hits packages and casino tours. And, like a gratifying number of their contemporaries, they rose from the slumber of premature retirement and proved to have rather more to offer, if to a smaller and more discerning audience.
Haggard's 2000 release If I Could Only Fly, the first of their two albums for Epitaph…wait. Think about that: 31 years after “Okie”, Haggard was finally, unexpectedly embraced not simply by the rock world, but by one of its foremost punk labels.
The first record they gave Epitaph revealed a newly self-aware, mature, still brutally honest singer, a man still willing to write songs that cut precisely to the marrow of their own bones, an artist easy with their own legacy. If I Could Only Fly record managed little of the commercial impact of Johnny Cash's four American albums. Nor did Roots (its 2001 follow-up), nor did The Peer Sessions, a sparkling homage (his latest among many) to their musical ancestors (released in 2002 on Audium). The work, however, was first-rate, and suddenly Haggard was back among us as a functioning artist.
And yet so potent is the memory of their celebrity, so deeply rooted is Haggard's place on the right wing of our cultural imagination, that the fairly mild anti-administration protest of “That's The News” landed them on the national news. Which only amplified the point of their song, though the talking heads ignored the obvious irony.
“Politicians do all the talking, soldiers pay the dues,” Haggard sings in their calm, resonant, world-worn voice. “Suddenly the war's over, that's the news.” That, combined with an editorial they posted on their website defending the Dixie Chicks (while simultaneously praising Toby Keith), led to great concern among certain of their longtime fans.
Clintonists Suddenly Claiming It's Perfectly Normal To Do Oppo Research With Russians
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 25, 2017
Debating proponents of the Russiagate conspiracy theory is always a bit surreal. Mostly it's just outraged sputtering from people accustomed to only interacting with folks inside their echo chamber, who simply cannot believe that it's not completely obvious to you that Trump colluded with Russia to steal the 2016 election.
If you can push past that point and move things into an actual conversation, it quickly becomes apparent that they're having a very difficult time substantiating their claims with hard facts. There's something about listening to Bill Maher talk about Russiagate like it's a real thing and watching Rachel Maddow “connect the dots” using confident-sounding assertions in an authoritative tone of voice month after month that creates the illusion that hard evidence has been provided for Trump-Russia collusion, when it has not been. But one hard fact they never fail to provide is Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer in Trump Tower, where he'd hoped to receive dirt on the Clinton campaign.
There's no question that this meeting took place; Trump Jr. has admitted to it, saying they met with Natalia Veselnitskaya in the hope that she'd make good on their claim of having damaging information about Hillary Clinton. Because it is an undeniably real thing that did happen between a Trump and a Russian national, the meeting has remained loudly front and center in all Trump-Russia collusion narratives since July, despite the fact that Veselnitskaya did not provide any useful information. Due to the lack of solid evidence for things like hacking or vote manipulation, or even any specifics on how exactly Trump is supposed to have colluded with Russia to rig the election, the Trump Jr. meeting has remained a crucial part of all Russiagate claims.
So why, then, are Clintonists suddenly claiming that the sort of opposition research Trump Jr. did is perfectly normal and acceptable?
Every one of these people made a big deal about the Don Jr. meeting at Trump Tower, but you have to do some very impressive mental gymnastics to make what the Trump campaign did last year worse than what the Clinton campaign did. Clintonists have been attempting to spin the new revelation that the Clinton campaign was directly involved in funding the notoriously error-riddled and unverified Christopher Steele “Pissgate” dossier as old news or insignificant, but this is indeed new information and it is indeed newsworthy.
Back in July, long before the specifics of who paid for the Steele dossier were known, journalist Robert Parry pointed out the blatant hypocrisy of criticizing Trump Jr. for doing opposition research with Russia when it was known that Democrats had been funding Steele. “But the Steele dossier is a more immediate and direct example of close Hillary Clinton supporters going outside the United States for dirt on Trump and collaborating with foreign nationals to dig it up — allegedly from Kremlin insiders,” Parry wrote. “Although it is still not clear exactly who footed the bill for the Steele dossier and how much money was spread around to the Russian contacts, it is clear that Clinton supporters paid for the opposition research and then flacked the material to American journalists.”
So to recap, Democrats paid for opposition research with Russian insiders, but doing opposition research with Russians was not a big deal. Then Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian to get dirt on Hillary Clinton, and suddenly doing oppo research with Russians was a big deal. And now that we've learned that the Democrats who paid Steele were not just Clinton supporters but Clinton campaign staff, we're back to opposition research with Russians being no big deal again.
Speaking for myself, I don't care that the Clinton campaign did opposition research with Russians. Nor do I care that the Trump campaign did opposition research with Russians. I don't even really care that the Clintonists are being total hypocrites about this pernicious psyop they keep shoving down everyone's throats. I don't care about Robert Mueller, I don't care about Susan Rice, and I don't care if they ever “lock them up”. I just want these awful Russiagate lies to end, because they're being used to manufacture support for new cold war escalations and to leverage the current administration into taking a more hawkish position toward Moscow. These things could end the world, and that's infinitely more important than any partisan grudge against corrupt Democrats.
The real reason these ridiculous Russia narratives are being promoted so aggressively has nothing to do with dossiers, hackers, peeing prostitutes or Pokémon propaganda. It's ultimately nothing to do with Trump, either. The real reason these anti-Russia narratives are being forced into our consciousness day after day is because China poses an immense threat to American global dominance, and it's using Russia as its right arm while it grows in power and influence. To take out China, America's unelected power establishment is going to have to break its right arm, hence the new cold war. As Gilbert Doctorow writes for Consortium News:
Russia is essential to China because of Moscow's long experience managing global relations going back to the period of the Cold War and because of its willingness and ability today to stand up directly to the American hegemon, whereas China, with its heavy dependence on its vast exports to the U.S., cannot do so without endangering vital interests. Moreover, since the Western establishment sees China as the long-term challenge to its supremacy, it is best for Beijing to exercise its influence through another power, which today is Russia.
Ordinary human beings have been given no say in whether or not we want our world threatened by nuclear holocaust in order for the US power structure to remain dominant on a global scale. We get no say in the course of the direction our species is taking on this planet or what our future will look like. All we get is lies to chew on so we'll stay out of the way of the ruling elites who are choking our world to death.
The Democratic party goon squad is just one leg of the lie machine these monsters lull us to sleep with, but I see them as one of the most toxic. The way the “Resistance” has successfully been used to co-opt the spirit of last year's progressive revolution and twist it back into establishment subservience is typical of the way the Democratic party has always been used; its primary function is to hijack the movements which arise in response to the more overt oligarchic manipulations and render them impotent. For this reason I see their head propagandists as the primary obstacles to a meaningful revolution from the political left against the ruling elites who are killing us. I for one will keep speaking out against the evils they're inflicting upon us for as long as anyone's listening.
— — —
Hey you, thanks for reading! My work is entirely reader-funded so if you enjoyed this piece please consider sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, and maybe throwing some money into my hat on Patreon or Paypal.
One of the reasons Labour performed strongly in the general election was the surge in support in Remain areas and among the young, so it's ironic that this has allowed Jeremy Corbyn to consolidate their control of the party and enforce hard Brexit. They flexed their newfound muscles last night by sacking three ministers who backed an amendment on staying in the single market.
Shadow Brexit secretary Keir Starmer, who for many months was gradually retreating on their demands for single market membership, has now effectively accepted defeat and adopted the hard Brexit position of Jeremy Corbyn. This seems all but inevitable really. Even during the election campaign it was almost impossible to figure out if they still believed in trying to remain a member. By the time Corbyn secured their surprisingly strong result, the game was up.
Last week, dozens of Labour MPs, MEPs and peers launched a group opposing hard Brexit outside the single market and the customs union. Starmer was apparently livid. They responded by accusing them of disloyalty against the leadership and lacking ambition. They demanded they cease and desist from all such initiatives. Outside of this moment of anger, the former lawyer is said to be almost entirely technocratic in their approach, constantly trying to think of ways of replicating the single market outside of it, for instance by creating British bodies to guarantee equivalence with European standards.
This, by the way, would be profoundy emasculating and pointless, forcing the UK to abide by laws that it has absolutely no say in formulating. If EEA membership is democracy by fax, this would be democracy by baton. But more importantly, it suggests Starmer's fine legal mind has now been put to work entirely in the service of Corbyn's hard Brexit position. There is no tug-of-war on the Labour frontbench over Brexit anymore.
Now Corbyn is moving to enforce total control of the party. In February, 52 Labour MPs voted against triggering Article 50. There was some question about what would happen to them. Corbyn held a meeting with chief whip Nick Brown to figure out what to do. In the end, they merely sanctioned them, sending out a warning about their future conduct, rather than sacking them.
It was not what they did yesterday.
Labour MP Chuka Umunna put forward an amendment calling for single market membership. Corbyn responded by putting forward an alternative amendment which tried to buy off potential rebels by promising a "jobs first" Brexit that will deliver the "exact same benefits" as single market membership.
It is illiterate nonsense. The single market and customs union effectively enmesh the standards and systems of their members so that they become, for trading purposes, the same country. There is no free trade deal on earth which comes anywhere close to matching it. And even if there was, Europe has already made clear any deal outside the single market must be worse than one within it - or what's the point of being a member in the first place?
The jobs-first priority is welcome, but because no 'exact same benefits' solution is possible, it is inevitable that there will be very considerable job losses from a hard Brexit, particularly in manufacturing and agriculture - exactly the working class sectors Labour is supposedly meant to represent. We should also expect severe losses in financial services, IT and communications, and transport.
Forty-nine Labour MPs refused to be fooled by Corbyn's child daycare amendment and instead backed the single market one, including four frontbenchers: Andy Slaughter, Ruth Cadbury, Catherine West and Daniel Zeichner. This time there was zero tolerance. Newly emboldened from the election result, Corbyn sacked the first three, while Zeichner - knowing what was coming - resigned.
It is frustrating to see principled politicians of their calibre go. Andy Slaughter, in particular, has been valiantly defending migrant rights for their entire career, through constituency case work, parliamentary rearguard actions and protests. They were shadow justice minister when Chris Grayling was justice secretary and day after day they challenged the appalling reactionary dimwittedness of the government.  They are the type of progressive politician any socialist leader should be proud to have on their team. Corbyn has sacked them so they can support the right of the Conservative party on hard Brexit.
This vote likely marks the end of the pre-election stage of the Brexit debate, where opposition rested largely on internal challenges within the parties. The game now being played is about cross-party parliamentary support. Yesterday's Umunna amendment was, more than anything, about putting down a flag showing cross-party alliances were possible. The 49 Labour MPs were joined by 34 SNP MPs, 12 Lib Dems, four Plaid MPs, one Green and one independent. There was no Tory support, despite there being sympathy in the parliamentary party for this proposition, because it's a Queen's Speech amendment. Once a vote cannot be interpreted as a blockage to the Tory ability to form a government, criticial MPs are likely to be more amenable to opposing hard Brexit. Those Labour frontbenchers who were sacked paid the price, but they showed Tory MPs that a cross-party alliance exists against hard Brexit, waiting for them to join.
There is a great irony to this parliament. Just over a year ago, the Brexit referendum returned a Leave vote after a campaign based on the notion of parliamentary sovereignty. Then Theresa May tried to use Brexit to expand their executive power only to see it blow up in their face and return a hung parliament. And now parliament really is sovereign, in the way that counts: every MP has just become hugely important. The razor tight victories we're already seeing, even at Queen's Speech stage, show just how crucial every vote will be
That means Brexit rebels in every party have a crucial role when Brexit legislation hits the Commons after the summer. It is no longer about them taking on their own leadership. It is about the centre of the Labour and Conservative party taking on both their leaderships, who are at this stage basically following the same policy. What was before a series of simultaneous internal party civil wars is now a parliamentary insurgency.
There is a majority in parliament for single market and customs union membership. The extent to which the insurgency succeeds depends on whether MPs from different parties can work together to secure it.
Ian Dunt is the editor of Politics.co.uk. Their book - Brexit: What The Hell Happens Now? - is available now.
The opinions in politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
Video-game giant Activision Blizzard is teaming up with to deliver live eSports tournament coverage on the social-media service worldwide.
Activision Blizzard Media Networks, headed by former ESPN CEO Steve Bornstein, will launch its new eSports network and programming during the MLG Anaheim Open, a two-day “Call of Duty: Black Ops III” tournament that kicks off June 10, 2016.
The MLG Anaheim Open will also be the inaugural event as for MLG.tv's live broadcasts on . The company unveiled the pact at its Digital Content NewFronts event Thursday in NYC.
Eventually, Activision Blizzard expects to stream live video content on a daily basis on MLG's Facebook page, including match highlights, stats, interviews and commentary.
“Esports is an exciting space and continues to be a growing priority for us,” said Dan Reed, Facebook's head of global sports partnerships. “With over 1.6 billion people on the platform and a growing suite of VOD and live-streaming products that partners can use to increase engagement, Facebook is uniquely positioned to help eSports fans connect around exciting moments and great eSports content.”
Facebook has been actively trying to bring live-video partners to its service, in some cases paying media companies and celebs to broadcast on Facebook Live. It had been in talks with the NFL about carrying live Thursday night games next season before Twitter clinched the deal.
Activision acquired Major League Gaming, one of the biggest eSports leagues, in January. On Thursday, MLG.tv showed off its “Enhanced Viewing Experience,” an HD video stream with an algorithmic feed of match statistics, up-to-the-minute leaderboards and insights based on the competition they are watching.
The company also announced Chris Puckett, a broadcast veteran and retired pro gamer, as MLG.tv's new host. Puckett's daily “ESR” broadcast will feature highlights, interviews and news segments covering the eSports.
“We're building a network dedicated to the thrill of competition and the passion of the fans,” said Bornstein. “MLG.tv will play a defining role in realizing the full potential of this audience by creating meaningful, memorable and shareable content.”
The company also touted results from MLG's “Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Major Championship,” held March 30-April 3 in Columbus, Ohio. The event garnered 71 million video views online, and viewers watched a record-breaking 45 million hours of live video (with a peak of 1.6 million concurrent viewers).
The mushrooming eSports industry — with revenue projected to grow from $463 million in 2016 to $1.1 billion by 2019, according to research firm NewZoo — has attracted several new entrants trying to grab a piece of the pie.
Turner and WME-IMG's newly formed ELeague is set to kick off May 24 on digital platforms with a Friday night showcase televised live on TBS (weekly at 10 p.m. Eastern). The “Counter Strike: Global Offensive” tourneys will be held at a new 10,000-square-foot stadium built at Turner's studios in Atlanta.
The upcoming federal budget will mark the start of a "culture shift" in Ottawa from "spending enablers" to "cost containers," Treasury Board President Tony Clement says.
Clement, the minister responsible for finding anywhere from $4 billion to $8 billion in annual savings as part of the government's plan to reduce the deficit and balance the books, made the comments in a speech to Conservatives gathered at the Manning Centre Conference in Ottawa on Saturday.
They said everyone who works in government ought to ask themselves not only how they can do their job to the best of their ability but also how they can do it "in an excellent way at less cost to the taxpayers."
The way to do that is "by changing the incentives and rewards, and by changing the internal governance and accountability that should be felt at every level," Clement said.
"If you take nothing else from my talk this morning, please take this: We are working to change the culture in official Ottawa from one of spending enablers to one of cost containers."
"The take-home lesson is to ingrain this idea of efficient and constrained use of tax dollars on a day-to-day basis, at every level, from the politician all the way down to the proverbial mail clerk, at every level of bureaucracy."
Clement predicted the government will face "resistance" from "public sector union bosses" who they said would be "working hand-in-hand with the NDP Opposition."
"Their goal is simply to perpetuate the status quo," they said. "Their only solutions seem to be: hire more, tax more, spend more."
In a written statement to CBC News on Saturday, NDP spokesperson Karl Belanger said: "As the Conservatives are getting ready to cut services to Canadians and gut the fiscal capacity of the government to help people, the NDP will keep standing up against their narrow-minded, ideologically driven approach, and keep working to defend Canadian working families."
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has said there will be no "draconian measures" in the budget they will present March 29. But public-sector unions have warned of widespread cuts resulting in the loss of "tens of thousands" — numbers Flaherty has rejected.
While Clement did not reveal any details of the budget, they said the review was "not just about finding savings, but also a tool by which we can help to modernize government."
Clement also spoke about cutting red tape as a way to help businesses grow and invest for the future, and the open government initiative as a way to make government more transparent and accountable.
Cuts to the public service
Clement's remarks come on the heels of a federal report on the public service that was released Thursday.
The report clearly indicates that public-sector layoffs will be a part of the government's cost-cutting plans.
"We are conscious that the Public Service is on the verge of significant changes, driven in part by the immediate requirements of deficit reduction, but also by a more fundamental need to renew public institutions for the future," said the report by the Prime Minister's Advisory Committee on the Public Service.
The committee is co-chaired by former Privy Council clerk Paul Tellier and former Conservative cabinet minister David Emerson. It is the sixth report of its kind since the committee was established in 2006.
"One of the major tasks that senior leaders will face is the deliberate downsizing of the Public Service," states the committee.
[ SIDEBAR]
By the numbers:
The year 2011 generated projected savings of $1.570 billion in program spending in 13 departments by 2013–14.
The government's actions to reduce growth in operating expenses were projected to save $0.9 billion by 2011–12 and $1.8 billion by 2012–13.
This was the second consecutive year in which there was no growth in the size of the public service.
In the 2012 budget, departments and agencies will learn the details of their contribution to the government's deficit reduction action plan.
Source: Sixth report of the Prime Minister's Advisory Committee on the Public Service
The report goes on to state that it is "essential" that the government invest in long-term thinking.
"As Ministers move to implement the deficit reduction action plan, they must protect essential policy and research capacity."
The committee acknowledges that changes inside the public service will affect "many people's lives" and recommends that this vision be "communicated regularly and openly" with employees by the leadership of the public service and politicians alike.
And with respect to public sector unions, "frank and productive dialogue between labour and management can generate results that serve the interests of both sides," the report says. "This kind of dialogue must continue."
In a statement to CBC News on Friday, a spokesperson for the Public Service Alliance of Canada said "the government isn't consulting anyone in this process."
"It is foolish to pretend that Canadians must choose between a strong economy and good public services," said Alain Cossette from PSAC. "They have the right to expect both."
Homeless vagrants are seeking unholy vengeance on a humble East Village pastor and their family who are trying to boot their fetid encampment from their church's doorstep.
“It's gotten so bad that we might move away. I'm fearful for my childrens' safety,” a worried Irina Belets said of the bums' war against them and their husband, Ivan, leader of the First Ukrainian Assembly of God flock.
Alarmed by a growing daily gathering of junkies and hobos, the Belets took matters into their own hands July 22 by sprinkling Comet bleach powder all over the sidewalk in front of the church, at Third Avenue and East Seventh Street in Cooper Square.
The cleanser fended off the unwelcome interlopers for just a day. “They retaliated and spray-painted all kinds of profanity like ‘f–k you' on the walls,” Irina said. “They also dumped garbage all over the powder and left a garbage bag filled with used toilet paper.”
The Belets, parents of two toddlers, have long suffered the annual spring and summer horde of homeless who take advantage of warm weather to move from shelters to camp in city streets.
But this year, the couple says, the homeless swarm is worse than ever.
“Since [Bill] de Blasio became mayor, it's become considerably worse,” Irina, 30, told The Post. “Police let them set up camp and do nothing about it. Every morning when I left for work at 6 a.m., there were at least five homeless people sleeping outside. The most I ever saw was a few weeks ago: There were 11 people and four dogs.”
The Belets often see vagrants using heroin outside the church and across the street at Cooper Triangle Park.
“I saw them shooting up all the time when I took my kids to day care,” said Ivan, 36. “It's just not right.”
Ivan tried to reason with the encroachers, who are mostly in their 20s and 30s, but “they wouldn't listen,” they said.
“They'd say ‘we don't want to conform to society' when we asked them to use a bathroom or find a healthier living situation,” said Irina.
The Belets say they have complained to the city constantly to no avail. They say they have filed at least five complaints through the 311 hotline, and the NYPD confirmed it has received at least 14 calls to 911 this year for the church address, including five reports of disorderly persons.
The nightmarish conditions have reached an all-time low this year partly because of a sidewalk shed in front of the building next to the church.
The 4-foot-wide shed extends 10 feet in front of the church, stopping just short of its front door. City records say the shed, installed in November, may remain in front of the next-door apartment building, 65 Cooper Square, until February 2018.
The shed gives the bums plenty of space to sprawl out.
“They like it because it protects them from the elements,” said Irina, who works as an engineer.
The vagrants urinated on the church steps — forcing the Belets to scrub them every day for months in a futile effort to get rid of the “unbearable” stench, Irina said.
Some members of their flock began to skip their weekly Sunday service because of the putrid smells.
“People were always asking us, ‘What are you doing about this?' ” Irina said of the odor. “They were disgusted by it.”
In mid-July, Irina “nearly stepped in a pile of human feces” outside the church. Revolted by the filth, the couple decided to spread heaps of cleansing power on the sidewalk outside the 80-year-old house of worship.
Last week, the walls of the gray four-story cement church remained peppered with tags — one reading “f–k the police” — and a small plastic baggie, possibly to store drugs, was on the sidewalk.
Despite the retaliation, the powdered bleach appears to be keeping the bums at bay for now.
But Irina Belets suspects it's only temporary.
“I think they'll return and things will go back to how it was,” they said. “We need real help. We need the city to do something.”
“Beyond the Higgs” –Hints That the Universe Could Suddenly Collapse (2015 Most Popular) Posted on Dec 31, 2015 A stable universe is one in a low energy state where particles and forces interact and behave according to theoretical predictions, forever. That's in contrast to metastable, or unstable, meaning a higher energy state in which things eventually change, or change suddenly and unpredictably, and that could result in the universe collapsing. The Higgs and top quark are the two most important parameters for determining an answer to that question. Recent measurements of the Higgs and top quark indicate they describe a universe that is not necessarily stable at all energies. (more…)
Hubble Hints at Source of Milky Way's Titanic Eruption 2 Million Years Ago (2015 Most Popular) Posted on Dec 30, 2015 At a time when our earliest human ancestors mastered walking upright the heart of our Milky Way galaxy underwent a titanic eruption, driving gases and other material outward at 2 million miles per hour. Now, at least 2 million years later, astronomers are witnessing the aftermath of the explosion: billowing clouds of gas towering about 30,000 light-years above and below the plane of our galaxy. (more…)
Scientists Identify Fragments of Primordial Proteins that Existed 3.5 Billion Years Ago Posted on Dec 30, 2015 Scientists at the Max Planck Society have investigated the hypothesis that the first protein domains arose by fusion and piecemeal growth from an ancestral set of simple peptides, which themselves emerged in an RNA-based pre-cellular life, around 3.5 billion years ago. (more…)
A new law intended to make Ontario's roads safer for pedestrians is instead causing confusion among both motorists and those attempting to cross the street in front of them.
As of Jan. 1, drivers stopped at a crossover must wait until pedestrians have stepped completely off the road before driving through the intersection.
A crossover is a pedestrian crossing where signs — and in many cases overhead flashing yellow lights — alert drivers to come to a stop. A crosswalk on the other hand is used at stop signs and traffic lights in Ontario. Crosswalks often have a white walking symbol and a flashing orange hand.
The new law also applies to crosswalks when a school crossing guard is present. Breaking it could cost motorists up to $500 in fines.
The problem is that few people appear to know the difference between a crossover and a crosswalk.
'What do I do here?'
Ottawa police Sgt. Mark Gatien, who's responsible for traffic enforcement, says he's been busy responding to questions from confused residents, both on the phone and on social media.
"They're asking questions about crosswalks, crossovers. 'What do I do here? What don't I do here? What about this crosswalk?'" said Gatien.
The City of Ottawa doesn't currently have any crossovers, but a pilot project approved in September 2015 will see the city install more than 180 of them by 2018, beginning in June 2016.
A large number of the crossovers will be installed at roundabouts, where currently pedestrians must yield to vehicles.
According to a city report tabled last September, the city installed a "large number" of crossovers back in the 1960s. But by the 1970s, the crossovers "were questioned in terms of safety." By the late 1990s, the city had removed all of its crossovers, replacing many of them with traffic lights.
"Now that the new law is in place and we have some more enforcement tools available to us, the crossovers will be coming back to Ottawa as of this summer time," said Gatien.
A Florida man who had previously been declared “criminally insane” was arrested last week when they were stopped in a van with an arsenal including dozens of weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition.
According to the Tampa Bay Times, 58-year-old David Harris Dunaway was stopped for speeding when deputies discovered that they were already wanted by a federal authority. Dunaway had been indicted by a grand jury in Tampa on Dec. 18 for claiming they had a pistol and 50 rounds of ammunition.
Dunaway's medical history made it illegal for them to own firearms.
During the search of Dunaway's green Honda van on Saturday, deputies discovered 36 guns and 4,629 rounds of ammunition.
They told the officers that they had been driving to the flea market in Waldo to sell “some” of their arsenal.
Dunaway had been confined to a hospital following the 1992 fatal shooting of a trucker. In that case, they were found not guilty by reason of insanity. It was not immediately known how long they had been confined in the hospital or why they were released.
“If I recommended insanity in that case, they must have been insane,” Tampa forensic psychologist Robert M. Berland told the Tampa Bay Times.
[Photo credit: Alachua County Sheriff's Office]
French Court Fails Digital Economics; Claims Free Google Maps Is Illegal
from the yeah,-google's-going-to-jack-up-the-price? dept
Three years ago, we wrote about Bottin Cartographes, a French mapping company, suing Google because Google offers its Google Maps product (mostly) for free. Bottin argued that this was unfair competition, and suggested that it was a version of dumping -- whereby Google was giving away the product to intentionally wipe out the competition, at which point it would raise prices. Amazingly, an economically clueless French court has now agreed, and told Google to pay a fine and damages for its nefarious practice of giving away a product "for free." This is, to put it mildly, ridiculous. Is there any example of Google first wiping out all competition in a market with a free product... and then suddenly jacking up its prices? Yes, Google recently started charging for those who uses its mapping API a lot, but there's nothing, whatsoever, to suggest that the use of free here is somehow an anti-competitive move, rather than just a recognition of a wider strategy. In the meantime, if Google offering free maps in France is somehow illegal, you have to wonder what they think of a project like OpenStreetMap
Filed Under: antitrust, competition, france, free, maps
Companies: bottin cartographes, google
WATCH: In light of recent controversies with upper management at the IWK Health Centre, the IWK Foundation is working to set to record straight about where their money goes. Jennifer Grudic reports.
The IWK Health Centre says it has received the remaining $10,000 owed in outstanding personal expenses from its former CEO, Tracy Kitch, just two days after announcing it planned to take legal action to recoup the money.
“I can confirm that, today, the IWK received a final payment from its former CEO, bringing the matter of any outstanding amounts owed to conclusion,” said IWK spokesperson Nick Cox, in an email.
Story continues below
READ MORE: IWK Health Centre taking former CEO to court over owed expenses
Cox confirms with Global News that the legal claim will not go forward.
“It is good to put this matter behind us as we turn our attention to supporting the review processes underway, and most importantly, continuing to support the great people at the IWK who work so hard every day to provide the best possible care to the women and children we serve,” Cox said.
Both Kitch and the hospital's chief financial officer, Stephen D'Arcy, resigned after an independent audit found that Kitch had billed the hospital $47,273.32 in personal expenses or for expenses that weren't properly justified.
Two weeks ago, Halifax Regional Police announced they had received an official complaint regarding financial mismanagement within the IWK Health Centre.
WATCH: N.S. auditor general to investigate IWK, provide information to police
In their annual report on the province's finances released on Wednesday, Nova Scotia Auditor General Michael Pickup says their office found significant weaknesses in financial controls at the IWK and referred to the discrepancies in the IWK executive's spending as an “opportunity for learning.”
“It's important that management in government departments and organizations review the control weaknesses and issues identified at the IWK and assess if their organization is exposed to similar risks,” the report says.
Story continues below
With a file from Alexander Quon and The Canadian Press
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc.
TouchArcade Rating:
Today at the Eurogamer Expo in in London, UK-based Stainless Games is demonstrating their upcoming iOS version of Carmageddon, the exquisitely grotesque automotive blood-on-the-pavement title that started doing its job as a rage-sink for gamers way back in 1997.
One of Stainless' first titles, Carmageddon is a sandbox 3D driving game that puts you behind the wheel of one of several available Mad Max-style rugged racing vehicles with a hint of the post-apocalyptic. It's a timed race against AI competitors through checkpoints spread through various environments, such as cities, mines, snowfields, etc. Extra time can be earned by running down hapless pedestrians, wrecking competitors' cars, or gathering bonuses. It's a race — yes — but the gameplay is really about the carnage more than the finish line. Happily, one need not actually cross that finish line ahead of the pack to win; victory can also be achieved by grinding every pedestrian on the map into a red, chunky paste or by completely destroying every competing vehicle. Is it a classy title? Not at all, but many of us have spent countless hours in front of the game, wreaking virtual gore with smiles on our faces (like the one there, just below).
Carmageddon for iOS is a universal app that will feature 28 opponents, 36 levels across 11 different environments, 30 playable cars that can be unlocked by victory or IAP, and an action-replay system that will allow you to savor your own bone-crushing savvy and share it directly to YouTube. The game utilizes touchscreen controls in the form of left / right, accelerator / brake buttons along the bottom of the display, with taps to reset and repair the vehicle and swipes to bring up a map and the replay system.
I've bloodied my tires quite a bit in the past day or so in the limited, free version of Carmageddon that will be launched along with the full, $1.99 title. Watching the hale of limbs and organs raining down upon vehicles engaged in flaming, head-on collisions on my iPad's screen really takes me back to the fun of the original. And, despite the iPad's lovely Retina display, the 3D visuals also evoke the feel of 1997 gaming, as the in-game textures appear to be pretty close to what was used 15 years ago, as does the poly count of the environment. Don't get me wrong — the polys are sharp and the framerate is very high, but this is not a port that involved a completely new set of regenerated assets, as some were surely hoping it would be.
Having access only to the limited version of the game (just one car, just one map), I am obviously unable to fully assess Carmageddon for iOS right now, but I've had a lot of fun with this version, so far. While no date has been set, the full release is coming soon at a price of $1.99, and in keeping with their Kickstarter promise, Stainless Games will be offering Carmageddon for free for the first 24 hours of release. Stay tuned for a heads-up when it lands.
We are more than a year into the Zika outbreak, and the virus is spreading in the US and overseas. But Congress still hasn't moved to fund the effort to beat it back. On Tuesday, the Senate once again failed to pass the $1.1 billion Zika funding package.
This is pathetic — but it's also emblematic of how much the public health system depends on politics and how badly it needs financial independence from the political system.
A quick recap on the congressional response to the outbreak so far: President Obama first requested Zika money back in February for many prevention and preparedness measures. And lawmakers went on holiday in July without passing the spending bill that would have helped pay for them.
Back then, there were no documented Zika cases originating in the continental US, but nearly 3,000 people in US territories (mainly Puerto Rico) had acquired the virus locally, and there were more than 1,300 travelers who had brought Zika here from abroad.
Since then, the situation has deteriorated. More than 50 people have picked up the virus in Florida, and there are more than 14,000 locally acquired cases in the US territories and more than 2,600 travel-associated cases spread across the US.
In other words, the number of people with the virus has gone up significantly while lawmakers were summering. As Ron Klain, the former "Ebola czar," told Vox in July, "Ultimately, that will translate into more babies with microcephaly here," referring to one of the devastating birth defects the virus can cause in fetuses.
Mosquito season in the southern US doesn't end until November, so it's likely things will get worse. (Zika can also be spread through sex.) The virus is also spreading in Singapore, and health officials have warned that we're likely to see outbreaks in the coming months in India, China, the Philippines, Indonesia, Nigeria, Vietnam, Pakistan, and Bangladesh.
Meanwhile, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has nearly run out of the money it shuffled around for Zika, and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases will soon run out of funds, which will stall the development of a Zika vaccine — or the best chance we have at preventing more Zika-related damage in the future.
The lack of public health action on Zika isn't surprising — it's systemic
On the surface, the reason lawmakers have failed to fund the Zika bill had to do with partisan politics. For example, Republican lawmakers added provisions to the bill — including a bid to restrict funding for Planned Parenthood and Obamacare, and weakening environmental controls on pesticide uses — which the Democrats said they couldn't sign off on.
But there are more systemic reasons why much-needed public health money can get lost in political infighting, even in the face of a dangerous virus that's spreading close to home. These have to do with how fragmented the public health system is.
"There are nearly 90,000 local governments in the US, and from the 10th Amendment, much of public health [authority] is reserved to the states," Phillip Singer, a public health researcher at the University of Michigan, said. The states take many different approaches to handling public health, but one thing they have in common is that they're chronically underfunded. The state public health workforces decreased by 4 percent between 2010 and 2013 alone.
"So we task states, counties, and cities to handle public health crises — but we don't give them the money to be able to handle these things effectively," Singer said.
That means states and local governments are often left scrambling for a boost of federal dollars anytime there's an emergency, like Zika.
"When you have a Congress like the one you have right now … it doesn't bode well for disease control in the country going forward"
And that's where politics can either make things happen or slow things down. If epidemics happen at a politically opportune time, the money is more likely to flow. If they don't, it won't.
As Singer's colleague, Michigan health policy researcher Scott L. Greer, explains in an excellent article at the Conversation, "When a crisis does happen, the responses within individual states tend to be driven by governors, who will often take guidance from the federal government. However, we found that national political ambitions can influence how governors react."
Just contrast the current Zika response with the response to the 2014-2015 Ebola epidemic. Remember New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who later set their sights set on the presidency, defying the federal government and calling for Ebola quarantines on health workers returning from West Africa on the eve of the 2014 general elections? Remember how they used the outbreak to draw attention to how they could get a grasp on the problem, and how the Obama administration was allegedly failing to do as much?
While much of the rhetoric around Ebola was more politicized than science-based, it did put the epidemic in the national spotlight and force action.
As absurd as it may sound, the timing of this Zika outbreak hasn't been quite as opportune for mounting a public health response.
"We're in the middle of an unpredictable election season," Singer observed, "so there's little incentive for many Republicans who control the House and Senate to associate themselves with the spending measures at this time." This is especially true for politicians from states in the northern part of the country, where the mosquitoes that carry the virus are uncommon or nonexistent and the threat of Zika is lower.
"The states lack the funding, they lack the expertise to be able to handle disease control," Singer added. "And when you have a Congress like the one you have right now, where most of their focus is on other issues, it doesn't bode well for disease control in the country going forward."
That lack of focus on Zika means state and local governments that needed money to mount Zika responses didn't get it, which has driven up the risk of people getting infections, the costs of treatment, and expanded the opportunities for long-lasting human suffering (remember, Zika can cause birth defects).
Another consequence of the lack of Zika action is "the normalization of how we handle future infectious disease outbreaks," Singer said. "Does Congress sit on their hands when we are faced with a different outbreak of a different disease two years from now? Does Congress use the emergence of an infectious disease as a means to achieve some desired political outcome?"
There's no emergency stockpile for health crises
The perennial looming-health-disaster money scramble can also be chalked up to the fact that there is no emergency money stockpile for health crises.
"Up until recently, we have not really considered infectious diseases a critical component of public health preparedness and emergency response at the federal level," explained Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.
While that's changed somewhat since the White House implemented the Global Health Security Agenda — a commitment to working with other countries for better detection and control of disease outbreaks — that mandate hasn't translated into allocations of funding from Congress to actually do the work.
What makes allocating money to looming health disasters even more difficult is how we typically perceive risk. Humans tend to be crisis-oriented. Yet a lot of public health money has to go toward prevention efforts. In the case of Zika, this means things like mosquito control efforts and financing for a vaccine that can prevent future cases.
Short of overhauling the fragmented political and public health system in this country, one interim step a number of health experts have called for is the establishment of an emergency fund for health crises — similar to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for natural disasters.
Klain, the former "Ebola czar," has pointed out that right now there's no equivalent to FEMA for health. So he's been advocating for a new federal response agency to help us organize for and rapidly deploy in the event of a major epidemic.
"We should have an agency doing for epidemics what FEMA does for hurricanes — and then, yes, we would have some common response items prepositioned and some immediate funds for action and contracting in the response," they said. But, like FEMA, even if a health fund existed, it might need to be supplemented with emergency funding if a particularly bad epidemic were to hit.
Hotez also favors the creation of a new funding agency to manage infectious disease emergencies. While each epidemic looks a little different, having some sort of mechanism in place that could trigger an immediate release of money would be extremely useful and probably lifesaving.
"You could even make those funds time-sensitive — use them for the first 30 days, then go back to Congress to continue funding," said Hotez. "But at least the first tranche of money is there to begin [responding to the outbreak]."
Until then, as Zika cases mount here, health officials are left waiting for Congress to come around. And Zika won't be the last outbreak. Researchers have been finding that the frequency with which infectious disease outbreaks happen here and abroad is likely to go up. We better find some solutions, and quickly.
In Social Acceleration, Hartmut Rosa considers the quickening tempo of modern social life, arguing that our institutions and practices are marked by the shrinking of the present.The book is gracefully written and convincingly argued, writes Kye Barker, and it seems that critical theory still has quite a bit to tell us about the way we live today.
Social Acceleration: A New Theory of Modernity. Hartmut Rosa. Columbia University Press. July 2013.
Find this book:
What can critical social theory still tell us about the way we live today? Clearly the case is not as dire as György Lukács would have us believe in their 1962 preface to The Theory of the Novel – that the German intelligentsia, and the progeny of the Frankfurt School in particular, have taken up residence at the ‘Grand Hotel Abyss,' where everyone is well sated by panem et circenses, but strays far too close to meaningless absurdity to have any chance of developing a critical theory of society. According to Jürgen Habermas as they were cited in the introduction to Hartmut Rosa's wonderful book, “only when the social sciences no longer sparked a single thought would the time for social theory be past.” In Social Acceleration: A New Theory of Modernity, Rosa finds that spark in the curious paradox of contemporary society of how “we don't have any time although we've gained far more than we've needed before” (xxxv). It is this paradox which leads Rosa to analyse what they take to be the fundamental aspect of our modernity: the acceleration of social processes.
This book is essential reading for critical theorists, sociologists, political theorists, and anyone who wishes to gain a better understanding of what could possibly be meant by the phrase ‘We Moderns.' It rigorously systematizes the temporal theme which has been present in Western Marxism since Marx. Rather than localizing the modern condition in structures of production, epistemology, or culture, Rosa shifts the focus of critical theory in order to “establish a new research paradigm at whose centre stands an acceleration in the temporal structures of modern society” (p. 26). This paradigm is grounded in referenced historical studies. It is a surprising book, not in its grandiose intent – this is on par with much of contemporary critical theory and, as Rosa notes, many recent books on the sociology of time – but in that it adeptly picks up a thread that has always been a part of critical theory and thematizes it in a way that is both systematically elegant and empirically verifiable.
Rosa systematizes social acceleration by breaking it into three fundamental processes: technical acceleration, the acceleration of social change, and the acceleration of the pace of life. Technical acceleration is defined by Rosa as the acceleration of goal-directed processes and is driven on by the economic motor that may be reduced to a saying of Benjamin Franklin's: “Time is money”. Although this accelerator is not limited to technological advancement, it is the most prominent manifestation of this process. The acceleration of social change is perhaps the most difficult to understand, but recognizing it makes the complexity of modern life more comprehensible. It is what Rosa terms the “contraction of the present” (p. 76) in the sense that it shrinks the period of time in which action-orienting experiences and expectations matter. Social beliefs and actions have a shorter and shorter period of validity and are frequently contemporaneous with other beliefs and actions with which they are radically inconsistent.
It is in Rosa's description of the acceleration of the pace of life that they link their work to Max Weber's The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism. In Weber's assessment the ascetic care for the acquisition of external, material goods, once tied to the religious promise of eternal life, has become an ‘iron cage' for worldly life under capitalism. Rosa reinterprets this cultural process from the perspective of its temporal structure and subsequently sees the religious promise of eternal life replaced in capitalist culture by the promise of absolute wealth. Accelerating the pace of life, and exhausting as many of its options as possible, then appears as the best way to achieve that promise in the face of the inevitability of death. It is in this process that Rosa sees the equivalent of Weber's ‘iron cage.' Not all aspects of modern life have been subsumed homogenously into a pattern of acceleration. It is simply the case that the three asupervisorstioned accelerative processes are dominant in and constitutive of the modern form of life.
These processes have been, for better or worse, tied to the project of modernity. Although the project of modernity plays a backseat role in the book to the processes of modernity, it is truly the protagonist of this study. Rosa follows Habermas in centring the project of modernity on the idea of the progression of both the individual autonomy of all people and the political autonomy to determine the collective form of life. The arrival of late modernity is then seen by Rosa as the point at which the process of modernity stopped serving the project of modernity. The break between “classical” and “late” modernity is the moment, sometime around the late 20th century, when the accelerative processes of modernity were unleashed. At this moment projects supporting individual and political autonomy could only manifest in the world as efforts to slow down social processes.
This explanation of the break between “classical” and “late” modernity aids in delineating a project of modernity which is clearly endangered, and provides a theoretical foundation for how the vulnerable project may serve as a break against the unleashed processes of social acceleration. My only fear here is that although the book avoids the theoretical dangers of the “Grand Hotel Abyss” it delivers a paradigm which is itself a sort of “iron cage” in which the process and project of modernity are to forever struggle against each other in an unsynthesizable dialectic. Whether this paradigm may be used for a truly emancipatory project, the definitive task of critical theory, is unclear.
Still, the intellectual rewards and pleasures of this book outweigh any of its potential problems. Moreover, if this book is any indicator, critical theory still has quite a bit to tell us about the way we live today. The book is gracefully written, convincingly argued, and is well worth the congealed social relation which you could call your time, but which ‘We Moderns,' following Benjamin Franklin, have come to call your money.
—————————————————–
Kye Barker lives and works in Chicago, Illinois. In August 2012 they received an MA in the social sciences from the University of Chicago, and before that they earned a BA in history and political science from the University of Kansas. Their research interests include the legacy of German émigré intellectuals in the mid-20th century, contemporary political theory, and aesthetics. Next year they will pursue a PhD in political theory. Read more reviews by Kye.
Story highlights Police: A man arrested on suspicion of a killing confesses to dozens more
Sailson Jose das Gracas tells a TV station that he's been killing for a decade
"When I didn't kill, I would get nervous," they says
Rio de Janeiro police say they have set up special teams to investigate the claims
(CNN) A Brazilian man has confessed to killing 39 women in the Rio de Janeiro region, police said Thursday -- shocking claims that, if confirmed, would make them one of the most prolific serial killers in the country's history.
In an interview with Brazilian broadcaster TV Globo, the alleged killer, Sailson Jose das Gracas, said that they carried out the first slaying when they were 17 and continued to kill over the next decade.
"I started robbing purses and small things like that," they told TV Globo. "And as I got older, I started having a different thought. My thoughts started changing. From stealing, I started thinking about killing."
Sailson, reported to be 26-years-old, said they didn't kill impulsively but stalked theirs victims.
Rio police said they arrested Sailson on Wednesday on suspicion of killing a woman in the suburb of Nova Iguacu. They confessed to that homicide and then told police about the other killings, they said.
Read More
Pro-life organization Live Action continues its series of undercover videos investigating Planned Parenthood's claim that it offers “pre-natal care” to pregnant women.
In the video below, Live Action investigators called Planned Parenthood affiliates throughout the country, asking if they could have an ultrasound to check on the health status of their unborn baby:
“Oh, we won't be able to tell you if it's healthy or the gender,” says a Planned Parenthood staff member in Farmington, New Mexico. “If you're, you know – we specialize in abortions. You know, that's what our ultrasounds are for, to see how far along the, um, patient is.”
At Planned Parenthood in St. Paul, Minnesota, a worker states, “We do [ultrasounds] when, um, when performing abor – um, abortion procedures.”
In Corning, New York, a Planned Parenthood staff member explains, “No, we only do – we only do ultrasounds if you are terminating.”
“We have to do an ultrasound with an abortion, but we don't offer them for – we can't do anything to make sure that the pregnancy's fine,” says a Planned Parenthood employee in St. Louis, Missouri.
At a press conference on Capitol Hill Thursday, Live Action President Lila Rose was joined by U.S. Reps. Diane Black (R-TN), Vicky Hartzler (R-MO), Ann Wagner (R-MO), Trent Franks (R-AZ), Chris Smith (R-NJ), Steve King (R-IA), and other members of Congress to promote the defunding of Planned Parenthood and the redirection of its taxpayer funds to other federally qualified healthcare centers that provide comprehensive services for women without abortions.
“The reality is Planned Parenthood's focus for pregnant women is abortion,” Rose said at the press conference. “It's not pre-natal care. It's not serving young mothers, promoting them, supporting them; it's abortion.”
“Women in our country deserve far better than abortion,” they continued. “Far better than to be seen as, ‘You need abortion in order to achieve your dream, in order to live your life, in order to have your career and your family the way you want,' and we reject that.”
“I can think of no organization in the recent history of the world that has deceived the world more than Planned Parenthood,” said Rep. Franks, noting that the abortion chain's president, Cecile Richards, has claimed defunding Planned Parenthood would be harmful to women.
“Live Action's investigative video series has completely exploded this ridiculous lie,” they added. “The truth is Planned Parenthood is the largest perpetrator of abortion in America, mercilessly killing some 300,000 human babies a year.”
“Planned Parenthood is not interested in providing health care to women,” said Rep. Hartzler. “Its exclusive mission and its area of expertise is abortion. If Planned Parenthood's mission is to serve the health needs of women, they are failing miserably.”
Rep. King said Americans must look hard at the morality of abortion and the fact that “we are borrowing money from China to fund Planned Parenthood.”
“If we fail to [defund Planned Parenthood] during this 115th Congress, shame on us,” they said.
The first video of Live Action's new campaign exposed Planned Parenthood's marketing of pre-natal care in support of its bid for taxpayer dollars. The pro-life group's investigators were turned away at 92 different facilities, where Planned Parenthood staff said they do not provide pre-natal care, but do specialize in abortions.
Calls to change Queensland's youth justice laws sending 17-year-olds to adult prisons
Posted
The Queensland Government is coming under renewed pressure to change a decades-old law which sees 17-year-old offenders sent to adult jails.
Legal groups and youth advocates say it not only breaches the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, but it also leads to young people becoming entrenched in a life of crime.
But despite a planned overhaul of Queensland's youth justice laws, increasing the age of criminal responsibility does not appear to be on the Government's agenda.
Queensland is the only jurisdiction in the country where 17-year-olds are locked up in adult prisons.
There are 51 currently behind bars.
Criminal lawyer and the CEO of prisoner advocacy group Sisters Inside, Debbie Kilroy, is fighting for one 17-year-old girl in particular being held on remand in the Brisbane Women's Correctional Centre.
They said it was ironic the teenager, who has been in foster care since the age of three, was still legally considered a child under the state's child protection system but in the criminal system they were treated as an adult.
"She's highly traumatised, they rings regularly, she's quite upset, she's quite distressed and just wants to get out of there," Ms Kilroy said.
The rate of suicide for example among young people in adult detention is very, very high. Dr Kelly Richards, Queensland University of Technology's School of Justice senior lecturer
"She's on an 18-year order under the Child Protection Act, so she's not deemed an adult until after they turn 18.
"But they have been charged with a criminal offence and because of their children's criminal history they are now in the women's prison.
"A 17-year-old, no matter what they've done, is still a child."
The Juvenile Justice Act, which covers young offenders between the ages of 10 to 16, was first passed by the Queensland Parliament in 1992.
At the time, the Goss Labor government promised to gradually shift 17-year-olds into the youth justice system, but 24 years later that still has not happened.
'We're setting them up for a life of crime'
Queensland University of Technology's School of Justice senior lecturer, Dr Kelly Richards, said young people in adult prisons were at a massively increased risk of emotional harm, psychological harm, physical abuse, and sexual abuse.
"The rate of suicide for example among young people in adult detention is very, very high," Dr Richards said.
They welcomed the Government's plan to overhaul the youth justice system by removing boot camp orders for young offenders, but questioned why the Attorney-General was not tackling the issue of teenagers in adult prisons.
We're setting them up for a life of crime and we're setting ourselves up to have them returning to our communities to be better entrenched in criminal networks and to be better and more skilled criminals.
In a statement, a spokesperson for Attorney-General Yvette D'ath said the Government was committed to reforming the youth justice system to ensure it balanced community safety with evidence-based responses to rehabilitating young offenders and reducing crime.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, youth, government-and-politics, qld
At their installation address as the new principal of the University of St. Michael's College, author Randy Boyagoda struck the fear of God in the hearts of their listeners. They did it by conjuring up a godless world.
Comparing T.S. Eliot's The Waste Land with Drake's Big Rings – "The second song on their second-last album, the one they made with Future," they quickly reference – Dr. Boyagoda argued both have something to offer a Catholic college nestled in the big-city, globally ranked secular university that is The University of Toronto.
It was a U of T English class that taught the undergraduate Boyagoda how to integrate faith and intellect. That is where they first understood one of the The Waste Land's most famous lines: "I will show you fear in a handful of dust." It filled them with terror.
Story continues below advertisement
"It's basically Eliot's account of a mundane world. If this is all there is, then this is just dust," said Dr. Boyagoda, who after graduating from U of T, earned a PhD at Boston University and has since built a career as a novelist, biographer, essayist and academic.
"I had a very divided life," they say of their early university years. "I had a devotional life and an intellectual life because I did not think the two had much to say to each other then. Because of the richness of the study [at U of T], I became a more serious Catholic," they said.
Now, after working as an English professor and director of experiential learning at Ryerson University, they will be responsible for the development of curriculum at St. Mike's, as it is commonly known. St. Michael's president David Mulroney handles the school's daily life, fundraising and administration.
Along with King's University College at the University of Western Ontario, or St. Thomas More College at the University of Saskatchewan, St. Michael's – home to approximately 5,000 students – is one of a dozen religious colleges affiliated with a major Canadian university. It is one of the few, however, where the heathen world is only a few steps away.
Dr. Boyagoda's goal is to provide a place where the questions that U of T students and faculty explore from an atheistic perspective – on science, climate, literature, geopolitics or economics – can be answered with reference to religious thought.
"What does it mean to take a religiously informed view of the leading scholarly questions?" they say. "I don't want to offer a watered-down Catholicism, nor do I want to offer a muscular Catholicism that turns people off."
It's a tough mission to take on in Toronto, or Canada, today. Catholic hospitals are being criticized for refusing to provide help in assisted-suicide cases. The Pope's opening toward the gay community is still far behind societal consensus. And yet, it could also be an opportune time. Globally, religion and modernity must find common ground. Locally, on university campuses, the kind of philosophical, humanities-focused courses offered at St. Mike's can provide succour to students looking for more than a technocratic education.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Those conflicts mean St. Michael's is relevant, they say.
"As long as I am hearing, 'Randy, why is St. Mike's not Catholic enough; Randy, it's too Catholic,' I feel that we are in the right spot," Dr. Boyagoda said.
Still, there is plenty of potential for misunderstanding between younger and older generations, between the "cradle Catholics" and the "nones" – as they colloquially refer to the non-religious students who are part of the university.
In fact, the encounter between the temporal and the sacred is rich enough terrain that it provides some of the themes for their third novel, out in 2018. It's focused on a Catholic who is working on a secular campus and is posted to a Middle East country where they encounter a Muslim man from Boston, undertaking their own journey.
"It's me trying to demonstrate how religiously informed experience matters in profound ways in our world and we lack the vocabulary," they said.
St. Mike's renewal will come from owning that space between the spirit and the flesh, Dr. Boyagoda believes. They define it as cosmopolitan Catholicism.
Story continues below advertisement
"It's a Catholicism that is confidently engaged with the leading currents of secular life, out of a tradition that is historical, global and local all at the same time," they said.
In practice, it means that next year the college will offer a decidedly contemporary interpretation of St. Augustine's Confessions, in a class for first-year students. Dr. Boyagoda will lead the course himself.
"I am not going to teach it as a church doctor's theological account of a person's life," they said. "I am going to teach it as the story of a fourth-century, North African migrant intellectual who is living in the elite centre of the world and they have a conversion experience that makes them different from everyone around him."
The second part of the course will take the students to Rome for an intense period of study. To keep the program accessible, the school is already fundraising to help students pay for the cost of the trip.
And this fall, the college launched "angel lab," a group of students and their mentors interested in starting up social-justice enterprises.
The renewal of St. Mike's could also lead to new foreign students attending, particularly those from the United States. In the 1960s, almost half of students came from south of the border, attracted by philosophers like Étienne Gilson and most famously Marshall McLuhan. (McLuhan went to mass every day, Dr. Boyagoda says in amazement.)
Story continues below advertisement
Retaining its Catholicism is essential, they argue. A few students have told them that they won't bring up their beliefs in science classes. At the college, they can figure out how to integrate them. For them, St. Mike's can be a refuge.
On the other hand, a campus Catholicism must be respectful of other faiths. This term, video of an off-campus party surfaced where a few students had made fun of Islam.
It was the kind of sentiment Dr. Boyagoda identified in Drake's lyrics and warned against back in their summer address. "What a time to be alive/you and yours vs. me and mine," Drake sings.
"I agree with exactly half of Drake's line," Dr. Boyagoda said. "That excitement that you have when you are 18 years old, the whole world is before you. But the way Drake puts it makes too much sense for a world divided by religious matters, you and yours, me and mine."
How broad a church they can build remains to be seen.
Bones is a member of the SHWB (Sesh Hollow Water Boyz) collective: an associated group of underground rappers and producers with inspiration that arises through primarily southern roots, but these rappers have found a musical homestead on the internet. Bones' Soundcloud page boasts a whopping 144k followers at the time of this review, an astounding number given the niche quality of Bones' art and complete absence of any major label. Bones, and the SHWB collective, have built their fanbase from the ground up, using their internet notoriety as their primary means of self promotion. Bone has recently released a mixtape/ep titled “HermitOfEastGrandRiver,” click on the title to check out their newer work.
On the EP titled “Banshee,” which came out earlier in September of 2015, Bones' dark self-explorations take a creative approach to their consistent style of musical output, donning a more subversive, ethereal aesthetic in their brief songs. The songs on the mixtape are individually about 2 minutes in length, a factor which creates a tight sound and a complete effect without meandering through pointless verse after verse or ending abruptly without listener satisfaction. In an interview, Bones' explains that their short, one verse tracks are because they are isn't getting paid, so he's not going to give it their all just yet. However, I believe this is conscious decision by Bones, as they release all of their tracks for free download on their Soundcloud. I attribute these short songs as a means to tease the listener, a way to give audiophiles a brief taste so they want more of Th@ Kid (another pseudonym of the artist known as Bones).
“Banshee” begins with a haunting sample and a playful hi-hat from producer FrozenGangBeatz. The vocals peter in as Bones starts on the track with a faint, resonant auto-tuned hook that repeats “Tell me what the fuck who… which?” as the bass strikes hard in the background. Bones' minimalist approach to vocals doesn't limit their verses, rather, their quick verse molds into a personal poetry that seems ripped from the transcript of Bones' internal dialogue. Listeners and fanatics catch up with Bones in their verse as clears their mind state in rhyme, rapping “Smokin', just the right amount/ I swear to god I'm floatin.” Bones, instead of rhyming in the dry aabbcc, takes their rhyme and places them at the start of lines to create a defiant, concrete sound. Bone rhymes each verse as if it was their mantra, stating “Focus, never off my shit/ Never showin' signs of slowin'/ Chosen, never asked for shit/ But of course not everyone know me.” Bone ends the lasts thirty seconds of the song with a disturbingly realistic image of the rap game, one that might be faintly understood by listeners due to the faintness of the volume, as they describe:
Smokin' all the time, the money ain't there/ People get gold, but the money ain't there/ All of my time, I'd rather be here/ People get money and get murdered in here.”
Bones' music presents a level of honesty that is rarely transcended by any rapper, yet their aesthetic creates a eerie discomfort that is concretized by their diverse and talented production team, a huge benefit to their specific strain of vocal mixing. The next track on the mixtape, “TheDifferenceBetweenUs,” further develops Bones' chilling aesthetic as producer Greaf brings a snapping, catchy beat with a mysterious tone. On the track, synthesizers dance with a progressing set of hi-hats as Bones pops off on their verse with a casual tonality. On this track, Bones discusses the changes in their life as a result of being a rapper, rapping about their surprise as he's “Looking all around and it's nothing like the old place/ Woah/ Black ride when I open up my eyes/ I'm the first one surprised and I'm lookin' like/ Woah….” Bone seems casually appreciative of the money that's coming in, but not enough to scream about it on the track or to gloat to their audience, it's enough for them to simply acknowledge their surprise. From this track alone, Bones establishes themselves as a complete anomaly in the rap game, a rapper who is happy with their cash flow, but wishes that money didn't stop them from always being in booth, creating theirs art.
Another track which I enjoyed on the mixtape is a track which showcases Bones potential for flare in rhythm and verse, “TheHandOfTheWitch.” Bone admits that they know he's got talent and they know people are flocking to hear their style as they rap, “Motions fluent like oceans/ Got em' out wonder' what's the commotion.” Once they find their page, their Bones explains that their sound is like if the listener were to “Look up and see a corpse is smokin'/ Til' I turn BONES and show em who own it.” Bones can visualize their talent for musical artistry, as they know people must be wondering “How do they pick up the world and just mold it/ Almost as if it ain't nothing to hold.” Bones can create images with their verse that people can't even imagine or see in the world itself, using their own mind, voice, and pen as a lens to see the dark beauty of that world.
Bones' music is incredibly complicated on the levels of production, vocal mixing, and the poetry of their verse. Each EP/mixtape presents a mosaic of the person who is Bones, a sliver of the personality and a glimmer of their psyche. Although each song is brief, Bones packs more aesthetic beauty into each track, more honesty than any rapper dares to even creep towards. In this way, Bones is a prime example of the peak of internet rap, a rapper who caters only to their audience and himself. This freedom allows for a progressive style of hip-hop: an inner exploration of self identity which manifests in images which can evoke chills in the in-tuned listener. Bones, still at the beginning of their career and without a record release, has seemingly unlimited potential, but despite the opinion of the critic, Bones is going to continue to put out what they want. Thankfully for us, their music grasps the soul, the ear, and the mind.
Find Bones' music on their Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/teamsesh/
Follow me on my twitter: @NSchwassMB
3:13 pm • 18 December 2015 • 6 notes
1. The salary cap hit of draft picks at each draft pick 1…256 C i i={1…256} 2. The expected performance level of each draft pick 1…256 P i 3. The estimated salary cap hit of a FA for a given performance level. f (P i ) The surplus value is therefore: Surplus Value = f (P i ) - C i for each pick i
"Torossian's insights into the PR business were enormously helpful to me as an entrepreneur. With Ronn's help we grew a start up into the #1 spot on the Inc. 500 list of the fastest growing companies in the US, and was able to take it public with greater than a billion dollar market cap. Ronn continues to help me today as a principal in the private equity business. For Immediate Release should be required reading for anyone in business, large or small."
--David A. Steinberg, founder and CEO, CAIVIS Acquisition Corp
"Torossian's For Immediate Release is a fearless, bold, clear, honest, and practical look at how PR shapes minds, ideas, and businesses. It is required reading for any business or brand interested in making an impact in today's 24/7 media world."
--The Shark Daymond John, founder, president, and CEO of FUBU
"Ronn Torossian is a master of their craft and understands the fine art of PR and marketing. They lift the curtain on the intertwined worlds of PR and media, leaving little doubt how important communication is for brands. For Immediate Release is a must-read for anyone who wants to clutterbust a market, rapidly build a brand, and take it to the next level."
--Ron Vigdor, Founder, BornFree®
"For too long, the PR game has been under the control of a handful of old-club-boys until Torossian came on the scene and was able to accomplish as much, if not more than all of them. For Immediate Release is an insider's guide to how New York media works, but more importantly, how to work it, from someone who has had firsthand experience in doing so. Forget theory, this book takes you behind the scenes with real concrete examples of the new rules of social media and working with the power brokers that can build or destroy a brand."
--Amir Korangy, Publisher of The Real Deal magazine
"My friend Ronn Torossian has written a great book. They speak from firsthand experience as one of the most gifted PR professionals in the world. For Immediate Release is a must-read book.”
--Jay Sekulow, Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ), and named one of the "25 Most Influential Evangelicals" in America by Time magazine
“Knowing Ronn Torossian for many years, I find them to be a man of their word and someone to ‘ride the river with' because they are 100% dependable! Their book, For Immediate Release explores the balance between media and public relations, and it is an invaluable guide for anyone wanting to better understand PR. Their stories are real ‘war' stories and can't be taught in a classroom  they were enjoyable to read and I loved the book.”
--Doyle Brunson, The Legend of Poker, legendary ten-time World Series of Poker Champion
"I enjoyed reading this book so much. The foundation of so many of Ronn's game-changing observations and direction is something we all get: LOGIC. One
only needs to read, evaluate, and conclude, 'I couldn't have thought of that...' or 'That makes sense!'"
--Paul Carlucci, publisher, New York Post
“Ronn Torossian has always had a brilliant ability to present complicated, sophisticated ideas with clarity and simplicity. For Immediate Release is no exception. In it, Ronn demonstrates their unique talent for understanding the issues, deciphering and filtering them, and then presenting them to the public in just the right way. This book takes the reader into Ronn's world, and gives a glimpse of their passion, brilliance, and rare aptitude for communicating well.”
--Rabbi Avi Weiss, National President, Coalition for Jewish Concerns  Named 2010 & 2011 to Newsweek list of most influential American Rabbis
Gay and bisexual high schoolers are four times more likely to have attempted suicide in the past year than their straight classmates, according to the first nationally representative study of queer youth. The new Centers for Disease Control report confirms health differences between LGB and straight teens: far more of the former experience the negative health measures, the study tracks — from physical violence to poor mental health to injecting drugs.
It's already been established that lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender adults are often less healthy, both because of trouble getting health care and because factors like social stigma lead to higher rates of depression and mental illness. Previous studies have found that LGBT teens are more likely to be homeless and are at higher risk for suicide, but the new report — which did not include statistics for transgender teens — is the first that covers the entire US high school population.
Queer teens are three times more likely to have been forced to have sex
Perhaps the most somber result is that nearly one-third of gay and bisexual students have recently attempted suicide, while 43 percent seriously considered it. The numbers for straight students are 6 percent and 15 percent, respectively.
Queer students are also at much higher risk for rape and domestic violence. About 18 percent of lesbian, gay, and bisexual students have been physically forced to have sex, compared to about 5 percent of straight students. Bisexual and gay students are twice as likely to have experienced both physical and sexual dating violence. They're also twice as likely to have been bullied — both on school property and online — and, accordingly, to have skipped school because they felt unsafe.
When it comes to drug use, queer teens are five times more likely to inject drugs and four times more likely to try harder drugs like heroin and meth. This is consistent with previous reports suggesting people in the LGBT community use more substances to cope with prejudice.
Statistics don't explain the disparities, but plenty of other research suggests that many factors — including the lack of a supportive network and not being perceived as either masculine or feminine enough — put youth at risk for violence, according to Deb Houry, director of CDC's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control.
The study is published in the CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. It uses data from the 2015 National Youth Risk Behavior Survey and looks at over 100 behaviors of both gay and straight high school students.
A San Jose couple suspected of operating a fraudulent real estate home loan modification business have been arrested in Toronto following a six-month investigation.
San Jose police say Amir Rashidifar, 25, and Mary Delvecchio, 28, opened their business, Legal Support Services, in September and offered to modify real estate loans for homeowners facing default and foreclosure.
Police say the pair ran an elaborate operation and charged victims $3,000 to $4,000 to modify a loan, but the loans were not modified. So far, San Jose police have identified 129 victims.
The investigation started in late January after employees of Legal Support Services and 15 victims told police that Rashidifar and Delvecchio had been operating a fraudulent home loan business. Rashidifar and Delvecchio convinced victims that Legal Support Services was working in tandem with knowledgeable and experienced real estate attorneys in the loan modification business, according to officer Jermaine Thomas, a police spokesperson.
A police investigation into Legal Support Services, at 2055 Junction Ave., revealed that Rashidifar and Delvecchio were not working with licensed attorneys, Thomas said.
In February, Rashidifar and Delvecchio fled the South Bay after learning of the police investigation, according to Thomas. Police determined that Rashidifar and Delvecchio went to Canada on May 26 and opened a new, fraudulent real estate loan modification business using false identities.
San Jose police coordinated its investigation with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), the RCMP Immigration Task Force and Canadian Border Services, who located and arrested Rashidifar and Delvecchio on July 10 at their residence in Toronto.
Rashidifar and Delvecchio are awaiting extradition proceedings in Canada and will be returned to the United State to face criminal charges in Santa Clara County.
Anyone with information about this case is urged to contact detective Dave Solis of the San Jose Police Department's Fraud Unit at 408-277-4521. Persons wishing to remain anonymous may call Crime Stoppers at 408-947-STOP.
Overview
Infineon is giving away 3 magnetic sensors 2Go evaluation kits from their 3D magnetic sensors product family. Infineon´s innovative new 3D magnetic sensor is designed to perform three-dimensional sensing on the lowest possible power consumption in a small 6-pin package. It is capable of measuring 3D, linear and rotational movement. Perfect for a wide range of industrial and consumer applications such as e-meters, joysticks, and control elements, as well as any other application that requires accurate 3D measurements in combination with low power consumption.
Infineon's magnetic sensor 2GO kits can support you with your next design, so take a look at the information below and don't forget to enter the contest!
About Infineon Sensor 2GO Kit
Infineon´s sensor 2GO kits are new fully featured, budget-priced evaluation boards with features like:
Plug-and-measure evaluation board
First measurements possible within minutes
Mechanical adapter (joystick/rotation knob) available for quick evaluation
Build your own application and gadget with the sensor 2GO Kits.
Product Information TLV493D-A1B6 (three-dimensional magnetic sensor)
XMC1100 (ARM® Cortex™-M0 based)
On-board J-Link Lite Debugger (Realized with XMC4200 Microcontroller)
Power over USB (Micro USB), ESD and reverse current protection
GUI for free download
v2.0 for 2GO Kits with PCB marking: 3D magnetic sensor 2Go-V2 Applications Industrial and consumer applications
White goods control elements
Joysticks control elements
Multifunction knobs
Anti-tampering for e-meters
Any other application that requires accurate 3D measurements in combination with low power consumption
For additional information, check out the document library.
For more information please visit www.infineon.com/sensors2go
Download the free software for the sensor 2GO kit.
Record number of complaints over story alleging one in five British Muslims had ‘sympathy for jihadis' as it emerges YouGov refused to carry out poll
The Sun is facing a backlash against its front-page report of an opinion poll purporting to show that one in five British Muslims had “sympathy for jihadis”, with more than 1,200 complaints made to the press regulator.
Readers and Muslim organisations accused the paper of misrepresenting the results of the poll, conducted by Survation, which showed that 5% of respondents agreed with the statement “I have a lot of sympathy with young Muslims who leave the UK to join fighters in Syria” and that 14.5% said they had “some sympathy”. Critics argued that the use of the term “sympathy” was ambiguous and that it was not clear who was meant by “fighters in Syria”.
The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) said it had received more than 1,200 complaints about the front page by 1pm on Tuesday, far more than for any story since the regulatory body was set up last year. Less than 48 hours after publication, the complaints dwarfed those made against a column by Katie Hopkins comparing migrants to cockroaches, which received 400 complaints over several weeks.
Dr Shuja Shafi, secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain, one of Britain's largest Islamic organisations, said: “Many Muslims will find this poll hard to believe.” They added that the vast majority of British Muslims abhorred terrorism.
Pollsters for Sun's jihadi sympathy story called list of 'Muslim names' Read more
“Poll after poll attests to this, as do the many surveys showing how almost all British Muslims would report someone from the Muslim community to the police if they knew they were planning an act of violence,” Shafi said.
“Of course, even one person harbouring sympathy for the Daesh [Isis] death cult is one too many. Terrorism is indeed a problem and many a British Muslim parent is worried whether their children may be lured to go off to the chaos in Syria.
“But dubious headlines, as that printed in the Sun, do not help matters. The grand strategy of Daesh is to divide our communities and stoke fear between communities. We should not play their game.”
Maajid Nawaz, the chairperson of the Quilliam Foundation counter-extremism thinktank, tweeted: “In conclusion, the Sun has made it harder to have a vital conversation around worrying levels of support for Islamism. All for a cheap headline.”
Humza Yousaf, a minister in the Scottish government, said the article was “inflammatory, flawed and puts Muslims at risk of further abuse”.
Concerns have also been raised about the Sun and Survation's methodology, after it was revealed that the poll was constructed by calling people with “Muslim surnames”. Survation said it had picked out likely respondents using the help of an academic expert on naming, a method that rival polling companies said did not necessarily amount to a representative sample of the British Muslim population.
Survation was approached by the Sun because the paper's regular pollsters, YouGov, “didn't want to do the poll”. YouGov said it did not want to carry out the study because it could not be confident that it could accurately represent the British Muslim population within the timeframe and budget set by the paper.
Why the Sun's ‘jihadi' poll is dubious – and its headline dangerous | Miqdaad Versi Read more
A YouGov spokesperson said: “To survey Britain's Muslim population, particularly at a time of such heightened sensitivities, requires the kind of time, care and therefore cost that is beyond a newspaper's budget.”
Adil Ray, the creator and star of the BBC1 sitcom Citizen Khan, and one of those called as part of the survey, said they felt that “every question was open to distortion”. They told the Guardian they didn't want to take part in the poll but wanted to know what some of the questions were.
“With the ‘sympathy' question I remember thinking ‘that's such an odd question to ask' and so easily misconstrued. Saying ‘no sympathy' felt like the closest answer. What I wanted to say is that I had some understanding of why they chose to fight.”
Ray added: “The Sun has a great responsibility to do what it can to create a better understanding between us all. Not to further divide us. Surely the Sun, with its recent past, would do well to demonstrate some humanity in these difficult times.”
Ray said even the person who had called them agreed that the phrasing of a question about whether Muslims were responsible or not responsible for the lack of integration “wasn't correct”.
Surely the Sun, with its recent past, would do well to demonstrate some humanity in these difficult times Adil Ray
Ben Page, the chief executive of pollsters Ipsos Mori, said: “The main issue with this poll is the reporting, which made it appear that one in five of those sampled supported Isis, when in fact they were expressing sympathy with people going to fight in Syria, as I understand it, which could of course include British ex-servicemen fighting against Isis with the Kurds, or anti-Assad Muslim forces who are also fighting against Isis.”
Other pollsters told the Guardian that it could require thousands of phone calls at a cost of tens of thousands of pounds to generate a statistically representative sample of the 2.7 million Muslims who live in the UK.
It cannot be determined how representative the Survation sample is because of a lack of various socioeconomic and demographic details. A similar poll conducted by Survation for Sky News in March showed a higher proportion of Muslims – 28% – showed at least some sympathy with young Muslims leaving the UK to join fighters in Syria. Non-Muslims were also polled, using the same word, and 14% agreed they had at least some sympathy with the statement.
#1in5Muslims: Twitter mocks Sun front page with 'facts' about Muslims Read more
A spokesperson for the Sun said: “Most of our survey, commissioned after the Paris atrocities, probed Muslim attitudes to IS [Isis] specifically. No one agreeing to the statement ‘I have a lot of sympathy with young Muslims who leave the UK to join fighters in Syria' was in any doubt which fighters we meant.
“Some on the political left claim ours was a ‘rogue' poll. In fact, the numbers expressing sympathy for jihadists were down on similar surveys by the BBC and Sky after January's Charlie Hebdo massacre.”
Meanwhile, the hashtag #1in5Muslims began trending on Twitter, with many users making light of the poll's results.
Hamzah Moin (@hamzahmoin) #1in5Muslims are lucky enough not to have a red squiggly line under their name in Microsoft Word
Mehreen Kasana (@mehreenkasana) #1in5Muslims use 'Inshallah' to politely avoid committing to any plan. (And it works.) "Wanna get coffee sometime?" "Sure, yeah, inshallah."
Anas (@Saka1410) #1in5Muslims have forcefully converted their cat to islam pic.twitter.com/RCvwaqKuw6
MOSCOW — After President Obama and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia spoke by telephone on Monday, a top Russian official said cooperation between the leaders' intelligence services had “noticeably intensified in the past few days,” though they said Russia had not been able to provide valuable intelligence about the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing, Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Mr. Putin said last week that the Federal Security Service was unable to provide “information which had operative value” about the Tsarnaev brothers, “due to the fact that the Tsarnaevs had not lived in Russia for many years.”
Mr. Putin's spokesperson, Dmitri S. Peskov, repeated that phrase after the two presidents spoke on Monday, but they said cooperation between the countries' counterterrorism and intelligence services had improved to new levels as a result of the Boston bombing.
“This aroused praise from Putin and Obama, and their satisfaction,” Mr. Peskov told the Interfax news service, adding that cooperation on intelligence “on the whole promotes mutual confidence in bilateral relations.”
Martin Tsamenyi, third from left, chief of The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas, speaks during the opening session of the 25th meeting of the commission, in Marrakech, Morocco, on Nov. 14. (AP Photo)
MARRAKECH, Morocco--Countries fishing the eastern Atlantic and the Mediterranean agreed Tuesday to expand the annual quota for prized Bluefin tuna to reflect an improvement in their stocks. Environmentalists insisted the increase was excessive and premature.
The 50-nation International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas agreed to hike the quota from 24,000 tons this year to 28,000 next year, with a further 4,000 tons added in each of the following two years.
The decision means the quota has more than doubled from five years ago, when once depleted stocks of Bluefin tuna, a delicacy in sushi and sashimi dishes the world over, first started showing the potential of a recovery.
"We have been able to decide a gradual increase of captures, by staying careful. And we are staying within the scientific advice," Stefaan Depypere, the head of the European Union delegation said in an interview.
Environmentalists insisted the advice was more ambivalent and were bitterly disappointed since they maintain that the recovery of the Bluefin is still too fragile to permit such major increases in fishing quotas.
"This year was an enormous step backwards for sustainable tuna fisheries," said Paulus Tak of the Pew Charitable Trusts.
Considering how many species have been overfished to near commercial extinction in the past few decades, from cod off eastern Canada to Mediterranean Bluefin, the challenge of increasing catch quotas and still safeguarding stocks is daunting and fraught with risk.
"The status of the stocks was ignored," said Tak. "Instead states decided to catch more fish, faster than ever." Environmentalists had called for a slight increase in catch quotas at best.
Some environmental groups are troubled by the ICCAT's scientific findings and think they might be overly optimistic.
But influential partners like the 28-nation European Union and Japan believe the scientific advice has underpinned a rise in the annual catch quota to 36,000 tons by 2020. The EU said it is moving from Bluefin recovery to management of the stocks and will close off some loopholes in the system to improve efficiency.
Bluefin tuna's annual market value stands around $200 million (22 billion yen) at the dock and four times more at the final point of sale.
Living harvestmen--a group of arachnids more commonly known as daddy longlegs--have a single pair of eyes that help them navigate habitats in every continent except Antarctica. But a newly described 305-million-year-old fossil found in eastern France shows that wasn't always the case. New research recently published in the journal Current Biology and led by scientists at the American Museum of Natural History and the University of Manchester indicates that primitive harvestmen had two pairs of eyes, adding significant details to the evolutionary story of this diverse and highly successful group.
"Terrestrial arthropods like harvestmen have a sparse fossil record because their exoskeletons don't preserve well," said Prashant Sharma, a postdoctoral researcher in the Museum's Division of Invertebrate Zoology and one of the lead authors on the new study. "As a result, some fundamental questions in the evolutionary history of these organisms remain unresolved. This exceptional fossil has given us a rare and detailed look at the anatomy of harvestmen that lived hundreds of millions of years ago."
Despite having eight long legs and being classified as arachnids, harvestmen are not spiders, even though they resemble them. Instead, they are more closely related to scorpions among the arachnids, a group that also includes mites and ticks. Arachnids can have two kinds of eyes: lateral, those on the side of the body; and median, those near the middle of the body. The former are lacking in harvestmen species living today.
But Hastocularis argus, the new species described by the researchers from the fossil, has both median and lateral eyes. The unique fossil's anatomy was studied in meticulous detail using high-resolution x-ray imaging at the Natural History Museum, London.
"Fossils preserved in three dimensions are quite rare," said Russell Garwood, a research fellow at the University of Manchester and a lead author on the study. "This is especially true of harvestmen. Our x-ray techniques have allowed us to reveal this fossil in more detail than we would have dreamed possible two decades ago."
The researchers corroborated their results by looking at the expression of a particular "eye-stalk-growing" gene in a living species of harvestmen. They found that developing embryos briefly express this gene in the lateral area, where the second eye pair is located in the fossil. But by the time they hatch, harvestmen only form the median eyes.
###
Other authors on the study include Jason Dunlop, from Humboldt University Berlin, and Gonzalo Giribet, from Harvard University, Cambridge. This collaborative work was partially supported by an 1851 Research Fellowship to Garwood and by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. DBI-1202751 to Sharma.
SAM Gallagher and Marvin Emnes have given Blackburn Rovers boss Owen Coyle something to think about.
At the start of the season we would have all said that Danny Graham and Anthony Stokes would have been their first-choice front two.
But you cannot be so sure any more given the way the on-loan duo have performed in recent weeks but especially in Saturday's badly needed win over Rotherham.
MORE TOP STORIES: Does a sex offender live near me? How to find out if your neighbour is a paedophile
Detective: We're all safer now menaces to Blackburn are locked up
Council directors add voice to fears over government funding
Recycling review as council bids to improve rates
They've put pressure on Graham and Stokes and, like every football club, that's exactly what Rovers need. You want your players being kept on their toes.
Now the lads coming into the team for tonight's cup game at Leeds have to follow in Gallagher's and Emnes' footsteps.
This is a chance to prove they are worthy of a place in Owen's starting line-up.
When you're out of the team and you get given a chance you've got to play well enough to say to the manager, ‘how can you leave me out after that?' That's what Gallagher did after Cardiff and what Emnes did after QPR. They have given Owen a headache. But it's the type of headache all managers love to have.
It sounds like Owen will ring the changes tonight. I can understand that given the injuries and given Rovers' position in the table.
Yes we're in the early stages of the season but the league, and the game at Derby on Saturday, is the important thing.
Derby are struggling, and while they have got a good manager and good players, this could be a good time to play them.
And the players should be confident given the way they played against Rotherham on Saturday.
When you are where Rovers are you take wins whichever way they come so it was good to do it in style.
Here's hoping the fringe lads come in tonight and do the business and set us up nicely for Derby at the weekend.
Archer Co. JP Set to Plead to Embezzlement Charges Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
ARCHER COUNTY - UPDATE: Tuesday, November 10, 2015
A long-time Archer County Justice of the Peace pleads guilty to embezzling thousands of dollars from fines and fees since 2008.
63-year-old Joe Boyle of Holliday turned in their resignation Monday, ending almost 13 years in office.
Boyle appeared before U.S. Magistrate Robert Roach this afternoon to enter the plea.
They will not be sentenced until March and will be out on bond until then.
Boyle apparently used a back or side door of the federal building downtown and avoided news cameras.
According to the affidavit they signed, Boyle admitted stealing portions of fines and fees collected from January 2013 to May this year totaling more than $5,000.
But they also admitted that they had been stealing funds since 2008 or 2009, and the total would be over $40,000.
In some instances, authorities say Boyle would tell a traffic offender the fine was one amount, and tell them to pay in cash.
They would then record the fine as a lower amount and get a money order in that amount made out to the county, to cover the cash payments.
FBI agents, for example, talked to one offender who had a hand written receipt for $300 but county records show it as a $185 fine.
Boyle faces a maximum sentence of ten years, and could also be fined up to $250,000, in addition to paying restitution to the county.
Boyle had a second job as a corrections officer at Allred Prison, until August when they retired. Their attorney said they now have a job at an office supply business in Wichita Falls.
Archer County Judge Randall Jackson says commissioners will meet at 1 p.m. Thursday to look at options for filling the J.P. position, which could include appointing an interim J.P. to fill the term until the election in 2018.
In the meantime, they said the JP's in Archer City and Scotland may be handling the Precinct 2 cases.
___________________________________________________________________________________
An Archer County Justice of the Peace is set to appear in federal court in Wichita Falls at 1 p.m. Tuesday afternoon to plead to theft and embezzlement charges.
A spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's office in Dallas says Precinct 2 Justice of the Peace Joe Boyle will enter a plea agreement.
Boyle has been J.P. since 2003.
The federal charge alleges they stole or embezzled funds from 2013 to May of this year.
The charge also alleges they kept portions of fees and fines they assessed on offenders.
You might not think much tech innovation happens in hospitals, but after spending just 90 minutes with a few nurses and doctors, it became apparent that in order to literally survive in this industry, you must evolve from user to innovator.
As a part of Elevate Toronto, NewCo offered the city a chance to step inside some of the most innovative technology and software companies to see what they have been working on. One of those innovators was The Hospital for Sick Children, also known as SickKids.
The session began with a demonstration of virtual reality led by Dr. Clyde Matava. Dr. Matava is a staff anesthesiologist at SickKids, as well as the director of eLearning and technology at the University of Toronto's Department of Anesthesia. The line between medical and technology sectors is blurring now, as evolutions in medtech force doctors to become adaptive on the fly.
“I've always defined myself as a [medtech] superuser, but that's transitioned in the last 10 years to become more of an innovator,” explains Dr. Matava. “Seeing the shortcomings current solutions have while seeing the problems that I personally experience drove my interest in both.”
The history of hospitals and VR goes back decades, but it is often far too expensive and cumbersome to be used for multiple kinds of cases or patients. Using this new form of technology was also typically reserved for adults as well. VR came to SickKids about 18 months ago and has seen widespread adoption and research since then.
Multiple studies have been done outlining the positive outcomes VR brings to a hospital environment, especially when that environment focuses on children. One study describes 100 children and 100 parents exposed to VR operation prep as opposed to the normal standard powerpoints and videos. Everyone in the study thought VR was a superior and more meaningful experience, and parents began to suggest that VR is the technology they want to help prep their children for surgery.
“These studies have led us to implement VR across all areas where children need procedures done,” says Dr. Matava. “We use them to prepare for anesthesia, using 360-degree videos. VR is also used to prep for CT scans because it's a place where children can feel very claustrophobic.”
There is actually an app you can download on Apple's App Store called ChildLifeVR with all of the current SickKids VR offerings. To administer it, children are given the sturdy yet cheap (and sterile!) cardboard VR goggles to take home and become accustomed to what they may have to endure at the hospital.
Dr. Matava is currently working on VR for MRIs as well, with the tech being built and a study rolling out very shortly. VR can be used for so many different outcomes, it's a wonder why it wasn't invented solely for medical purposes.
“I'm involved in about nine studies that use VR,” says Dr. Matava. “Some for pain management in children, some for reducing anxiety in children before procedures, some also even for IV inserts to distract kids when we place it into their arm.”
And that's just on the patient side of things. Dr. Matava described four total verticals in the VR (and even AR) field: health care, education, clinical and research, two of which are mentioned above and affect patients and parents.
“Next, we have our medical education VR, using a full-scale room we built to train and do advanced procedures,” explains Dr. Matava. “We also have VR for people to learn how to suture patients. Then there's tool-based VR to create or augment our operating room tools.”
Tool VR is an augmented reality experience using HoloLens to provide a vital and a mapped ultrasound overlaid onto a patient while also using an augmented coach to help with the procedure. Throughout all the VR at SickKids, Dr. Matava mentions HoloLens, Oculus and Vive all being used.
The most impressive bit? These experiences are all crafted and developed in-house at SickKids.
“We have a VR lab, the first of its kind that's actually based in a hospital,” says Dr. Matava. “It's in two rooms that are well-equipped to largely develop our own content. We do occasionally engage with industry partners when we need a particular job done though.”
SickKids is continually pushing boundaries when it comes to innovating in the medtech sector, with people like Dr. Matava tapping into their medical education and combining it with their passion for technology. VR is a prime platform that is now cheap enough to finally be used for any kind of patient in any type of hospital.
“VR is one of the few simulated experiences that patients can have on hand and control, feeling they have a bit of agency in their own healthcare,” Dr. Matava says. “For everything in the hospital, they have to come to us. In this case, you can experience it at home.”
Hopefully, you'll never have to visit SickKids. But know that if you do, VR is there to help you get through it.
Parallels of Controlling Chaos in Emergency Response and in Project Management
The White Hat Syndicate Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 9, 2015
When an emergency occurs or a crisis hits, there is often what appears to be chaos, disorganization, and poor communication. This can exist to some extent, however the reality is there is much more organization and structure than initially appears. Emergency management has its own processes and flexible formality, similar to the formal yet flexible structure used in the profession of project management.
The Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) defines a project as “a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product, service or result.” The PMBOK (read “pimm-bock”) further describes the temporary nature of a project in that is has a definite beginning and end, resources are applied to it, and its conclusion is often decided by whether objectives are met. This has many similarities to emergency response and Incident Action Plans (IAPs). Incident objectives are determined, and resources, including people and equipment, are applied toward the problem to complete the objective. The five project management processes align easily with elements of disaster response.
Project Management Process #1: Initiating
This one's pretty simple. It's when the disaster or emergency begins. It can be a somewhat gradual buildup, such as tracking a hurricane or other storm days from impact, or it can be instantaneous, such as an earthquake, a hazardous materials spill, or an active shooter incident. Project Managers (PMs) may develop a project charter and plot out initial project limits. Emergency Managers (EMs) or emergency responders initiate alerts and notifications to their teams to activate. In both project management and emergency management professions, this stage is built upon beginning to determine the scope of the event and the extent of resources that may be needed over time.
Project Management Process #2: Planning
PMs develop project objectives and courses of action to complete those objectives. Emergency responders and planners do the same, whether it's done with time to think through numerous options as in developing an agency or city emergency response plan, or it's done as San Bernardino PoliceDepartment Lieutenant Mike Madden expressed at a news conference the day after the terrorist attack there that left 14 dead and 21 wounded, “My goal was to assemble an entry team, and enter into the building to engage the active shooter.” They chose their course of action and developed a quick plan for how to execute it, with their colleagues on scene.
Project Management Process #3: Executing
In project management as well as in emergency management, executing involves coordinating people and resources to complete the work. The PMBOK states, “During project execution, results may require planning updates and re-baselining. This can include changes to expected activity durations, changes in resource productivity and availability, and unanticipated risks.” Each minute and hour of an emergency event, or each week of a longer emergency response, planners and responders are updating the planning approach based on new information and changing conditions, specifically to manage risk for all responders and those whose lives are impacted by the event
Project Management Process #4: Monitoring and Controlling
PMs track and review progress toward project objectives. This is done through continuous monitoring and should include quality control, control of schedule and costs, and review of any proposed project changes. Emergency responders and managers do the same. Project status is done through a formalized written situation report (SITREP), or a simple verbal update. Costs and personnel time are exhaustively documented. Resources are requested and deployed as needed, and are tracked both for cost management and recovery, and for personnel safety.
Project Management Process #5: Closing
Closing a project for project management is a process involving acceptance of the final product with all associated deliverables. It's where it is determined that project objectives have been met, and the work is complete. Similarly, a disaster must be closed out, and all associated costs and equipment accounted for. Both professions conduct a lesson learned or after action review to identify what went well and what can be improved for the next emergency. Most importantly, emergency responders account for the safe return of all personnel assigned to the event. All equipment and supplies must be repaired and replenished…until the next disaster event.
There are many similarities between project management and emergency response processes. Project management is guiding a project from beginning to end, while managing personnel, product quality, and the bottom line. Emergency response shares these qualities, and ads saving and protecting of lives and property in a chaotic environment — but not an environment of chaos.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 1, 2017, 4:15 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 3, 2017, 1:43 AM GMT By Leigh Ann Caldwell, Frank Thorp V, Garrett Haake and Adam Edelman
WASHINGTON — The Senate passed a sweeping and contentious overhaul of the tax code early Saturday morning, moving one step closer to sending the bill to President Donald Trump's desk for their signature.
The bill passed 51-49 along party lines with just one Republican, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, voting against it.
The legislation would bring the first overhaul of the U.S. tax code in 31 years. It would slash the corporate tax rate, offer more modest cuts for families and individuals, and eliminate several popular deductions.
Trump hailed the bill's passage on Twitter, thanking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah. “Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!” the president wrote.
Democrats derided the reforms as a GOP gift to the party's wealthy and corporate backers at the expense of lower-earning people.
The bill is “removed from the reality of what the American people need,” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York.
Trump and GOP lawmakers have repeatedly touted the bill as a boon for the middle class, despite several independent analyses that found it's skewed toward corporations and the wealthy. Two-thirds of middle-class earners would see tax increases, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center.
A Joint Taxation Committee score Thursday found that even with the slight economic growth spurred by the bill, the tax cuts would still add $1 trillion to the deficit, and Senate rules foiled the addition of a "trigger" mechanism that would have hiked taxes should economic growth fall short.
The tax bill also repeals the individual mandate, a key part of former President Barack Obama's health care law, as well as the tax credits that help low-income Americans pay for insurance.
The Senate bill must now be reconciled with the House version so that the same bill is passed out of both chambers.
The White House has been pushing hard to accomplish a tax overhaul before Christmas in order to give the president a much-needed first year win after a number of failed attempts to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Trump tweeted again early Saturday to emphasize their delight.
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 2, 2017
They also told reporters Saturday morning from the White House's South Lawn that after a "fantastic evening ... now we go on to conference and something beautiful is going to come out of that mixer."
"People are going to be very, very happy," they said before leaving Washington for a series of fund-raising events in New York City. "They're going to get tremendous, tremendous tax cuts and tax relief, and that's what this country needs."
The bill's passage also gives Senate Republicans a major victory in a year in which they've been unable to deliver on any other major piece of legislation.
GOP leaders secured enough votes Friday after fits-and-starts by accommodating the demands of a handful of members with concern about the bill.
A series of last-minute changes were made to the bill, including a $10,000 property tax deduction to appease the concerns of Sen. Susan Collins of Maine.
On Friday evening, a motion by Schumer to adjourn the vote until Monday — to give senators more time to read the bill, which was riddled with handwritten notes — was voted down along party lines, 48-52.
“The Senate is descending to a new low of chicanery,” Schumer said.
UPDATE: Senate Republicans are so desperate to pass their tax bill tonight that they're now making handwritten changes to their already handwritten changes...
Seriously. pic.twitter.com/KQfW7bOyk1 — Senator Dick Durbin (@SenatorDurbin) December 2, 2017
After its middle-of-the-night passage just before 2 a.m., McConnell pushed back at claims that lawmakers didn't have enough time to look at the legislation.
“Democrats had plenty of notice," said the senior senator from Kentucky. "Everybody had plenty of opportunity to see the measure, you complain about process when you're losing, and that's what you heard on the floor tonight.”
They said they expect the bill to be a “revenue producer bill that's going to get America moving again.”
“Big bills are rarely popular. You remember how unpopular ‘Obamacare' was when it passed?” said McConnell, shrugging off polls showing scant public enthusiasm for the measure.
McConnell announced earlier Friday that Republicans had the votes to pass the GOP tax bill, after one holdout, Sen. Jeff Flake, said they would support the measure.
Moments later, Flake, an Arizona Republican who is not running for re-election next year, issued a statement saying that the bill, which had been revised numerous times, now met their "objectives."
Among other things, Flake said they were pleased that they had now received a commitment on legislation that would protect DACA recipients.
In getting to "yes," Flake and Collins joined Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., who earlier Friday rallied behind the tax legislation.
Johnson's "yes" came after the bill was altered to address their concerns on the small-business tax, known as pass-throughs.
Related: Senators' pet projects added at last-minute into tax bill
Corker, however, said Friday afternoon that they would not support the bill, citing their remaining concerns over its impact on the deficit.
"I wanted to get to yes. But at the end of the day, I am not able to cast aside my fiscal concerns and vote for legislation that I believe, based on the information I currently have, could deepen the debt burden on future generations," they said in a statement
The Senate voted, 52-48, to strike an amendment by Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., from the bill that would have carved out a tax break for Hillsdale College, a small school in Michigan that is supported by top Republican donors, including Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and Chris Chocola, a former president of the conservative group Club for Growth who used to serve in the U.S. House from Indiana.
CORRECTION (Dec. 2, 2017, 12:10 p.m., ET) An earlier version of this article misidentified Chris Chocola.  They are a former president of Club for Growth, not the current president.
Using 3 on 3 to Develop Your Team's Offense
Now in the basketball training field, I got my start as a high school basketball coach and was the former the head basketball coach at Metuchen High School in Metuchen, NJ. We had some great success over the seven seasons I was there and I was fortunate enough to coach some great basketball players during that time. One of those players, Marqus Blakely, has had stints with the Los Angeles Clippers and is currently playing professionally in the Philippines. While still coaching, I remember watching them in a summer league game where they looked like the best player on the floor for the Clippers posting 14 points and 6 rebounds. The members of my Metuchen team were so proud and excited to talk about Blakely's game as most of them got the chance to see it on tv. So we spent the better part of our warmup that day talking about their performance, and then we got into actually playing some basketball, bringing me to my title, “Using 3 on 3 to Develop Your Team's Offense.” This topic has come up on my site before in the post 3 on 3: The Key to Teaching Team Basketball, but using three on three drills in my practices throughout my coaching career resulted in so many good results for us in our games because players were able to develop their skills in a competitive situation that resembles components of your team's offense. With that in mind, I decided to break this topic down even further into two more segments, offensive and defensive development.
Altering 3 on 3 to Fit Philosophy
Three on three basketball cans and should be used to develop your team's offense because the games can be altered in many ways in order to fit your offensive philosophy. During practice, you can work on multiple variations of three on three basketball in order to help develop your team offense and defense (which will be covered in the next post). You can run these as competitive games to one point and the loser will rotate off while the winner stays and plays the next team. Use as many baskets on the court that you can so that players and teams will not be standing for a long period of time. Put a time limit on each block of games (preferably 10 minutes) and designate certain variables for each segment that need to be followed and worked on based on your team's offensive principles. For example, when I coached Metuchen, we ran the dribble drive but with more movement off the ball and some added pick and roll sets. Consequently, we worked on all of these concepts during our three on three play, setting parameters like the score must come off of a side pick and roll or the ball must be entered into the offense out of a dribble drive and kick up.
One action that we worked on while I was coaching and something we incorporate a ton into our basketball training sessions is moving without the ball. This seems to be a lost art in the new age, one player dribbles around while the others stand and watch era of basketball. However, ball movement which requires cutting and screening was imperative the success of the offense that we ran when I coached and is a large reason why the San Antonio Spurs won the 2014 NBA Championship. In order to teach moving without the basketball effectively in a three on three setting, restrict the players from dribbling at all during this prescribed time period. As previously mentioned, players get caught dribbling too much and the other players tend to stand around and watch that player. By eliminating the player's dribbles it forces them to rely on cutting and screening in order to get an open look at the basket.
During the second block of games, allow the players to use one dribble per touch. Once again, this forces them to really move without the basketball in order to get open looks but at the same time, they were now working on using their dribble for a purpose. Players can do more than they think with one dribble provided they use their dribble to attack a gap and force a teammate's defender to help or attack the basket and score. By limiting the number of dribbles a player has, they are forced to use their dribble properly or they will waste an opportunity to score.
As you progress into the next block of games, allow each player three dribbles on each touch. With this guideline the three on three become more like the actual game and similar to your team's offensive concepts. Once again, the players are limited by their number of dribbles, and they have to learn to attack the defense efficiently with their dribble in order to be productive. At the same time they were still forced to rely on moving without the basketball and set screens in order to keep their spacing and create driving lanes for the man with the ball.
The final variable that you can add is to designate how the players must score, for example, designating that the score has to come off the pick and roll. Continue to limit each player to only three dribbles per touch in order to work on attacking the pick and roll effectively and not excessively with an inordinate number of dribbles. Drill the players to go by screener tight with their shoulder low enough that they actually hit the screener's hip. It is preferable that they use two dribbles while coming off the pick and roll with the second dribble being the one to clear them from the pick and attack the space that is being created by the action. The player with the ball should also attack the pick and should not go sideways, all the while reading the hedge defender and your own defender. Attacking while coming off the pick will put the defenders at a disadvantage when trying to help and recover and should lead to better scoring opportunities. On the other hand, coming of the pick and attacking laterally creates an easy help and recover opportunity for the defenders.
Anything Goes 3 on 3
Once you have worked on all your offensive variables, incorporate an, “anything goes” session of three on three. This is meant to work on all of the concepts we had worked on in the previous four sessions while allowing the players to use their own creativity within the offense. This is an important concept because players are too often confined to what their coaches want them to do that it actually limits their capabilities as a player. A player's creativity can sometimes be the best part of their game and it should be cultivated in order to make your team better.
Making the team better is the goal of every practice and game and three on three basketball can go a long way towards accomplishing this goal. Using three on three basketball can be a highly efficient way of developing your team offense. The games can be short, competitive, and altered in a way that fits your team's offensive concepts. By adding rules to the games, the players are able to work on those concepts more effectively. Since there are fewer players per team than in a regular game, each player will get more opportunities to work on the designated concept. Also, because the games are short (only one point games) it forces the players to compete harder in order to win and stay on the court. Consequently, they will try to execute the concepts better, more often, and more efficiently in their attempts to win. Overall, three on three basketball is an excellent way to develop your basketball team's offensive concepts and improve in a game like setting.
SHANGHAIAfter a new and lethal strain of bird flu, H7N9, emerged in Shanghai two weeks ago, the government of China's bustling financial capital responded with live updates on a Twitter-like microblog. It's a starkly different approach than a decade ago, when Chinese officials silenced reporting as a deadly pneumonia later known as SARS killed dozens in the south.
The contrast shows a new, though still evolving, openness in China that was learned from the SARS debacle, which devastated the government's credibility at home and abroad. It also reflects the demands of a more prosperous and educated citizenry for information and its use of social media to get it.
"Publicize information to prevent 'bird flu panic,'" read the headline of a recent front-page commentary in the People's Daily, the ruling Communist Party's newspaper, that urged government departments to release information quickly about an outbreak that has killed 10 and sickened 28 others.
The latest death, of a 74-year-old man, was reported in Shanghai, where two others were also reported sick. Neighboring Jiangsu province reported two more people infected Thursday.
Though some microbloggers and media are questioning why it took a couple of weeks after the first deaths for authorities to announce the new strain of bird flu, international health experts have broadly praised China's response. The government has said that it takes time for scientists to identify the virus and that such a finding had to be put through several layers of verification before being announced.
The new openness is thanks in part to people like Li Tiantian, founder of Dingxiangyuan, an online medical network popular with Chinese health care workers. Their microblog is among a number of sites that have been tracking the government's response to the new bird flu. "It's evident that the strength of social media can pressure the government to be more open, more transparent," they said from their base in the eastern city of Hangzhou.
Li remembers a time 10 years ago when state media were the public's only source of information. As rumors swirled that a mysterious pneumonia was killing people in Beijing, Li, then a postgraduate student, dismissed the fears as overblown because they saw footage on state television of seemingly carefree foreign tourists arriving in the country's capital.
It took months for Chinese authorities to start acknowledging the true scale of SARS - but by then it was too late to stop it from spreading worldwide and killing hundreds.
SARS is much deadlier than bird flu, with an ability to spread from person to person that the bird flu virus generally lacks.
Since China reported the first human infections of the new bird flu virus, known as H7N9, on March 31, authorities have had to compete with the online rumor mill. They have also responded to demands spread through microblogs.
After some urged an investigation into a potential link to thousands of pig carcasses found floating in a river, agricultural officials said they tested pig carcass samples and did not find any bird viruses. When others said authorities should help pay the medical bills of those affected, health officials said hospitals were not allowed to turn away patients who could not afford treatment.
Shanghai is also on guard against bird flu in the real world: Signs in apartment compounds warn residents to watch out for the high fevers, breathing difficulties and other symptoms of the virus. At the Ruijin Hospital in the city's tree-lined, former French Concession area, patients with high fevers and other flu-like symptoms are handed disposable thermometers and masks and ushered in through separate entrances.
Breeders of homing pigeons have been prevented from letting their birds fly freely. The sale of live fowl has been suspended, and cages in a wholesale market once stuffed with clucking chickens are now empty save for the rats that roam inside them.
The message seems to be hitting home. Wang Sumin, 61, used to buy live chickens twice a month and slaughter them at home but has stopped purchasing poultry altogether. "We are all very concerned about this problem, after all, there are children and elderly in my family," Wang said as they mounted their scooter to head home from Huhuai market with bulging bags of fresh vegetables.
Fears remain high in a country where deadly viruses have jumped from animals to humans before. "I've been really afraid to shop here since I heard the news that they found the virus in pigeons here," said Cheng Long, 26, a restaurant cook shopping for vegetables at the same market. They now avoid the stray dogs roaming the market in case they have been infected: "I come here every day and can't afford to take any chances. People like us are the first ones to get sick from such diseases."
KFC's parent company Yum Brands reported on Wednesday that its sales have plummeted in China because of negative publicity surrounding the bird flu outbreak.
Health experts have given kudos to Beijing for being forthcoming with information, sharing the H7N9 virus' gene sequencing and samples with the World Health Organization's global research centers and providing timely updates of new infections and deaths. During the SARS outbreak in 2003, some patients were taken out of hospitals in Beijing and driven around the city to keep them out of sight as a visiting team of WHO investigators toured health facilities.
"I think all of us have been very impressed with the Chinese response," said Michael Osterholm, a University of Minnesota infectious-disease expert. "You gotta give credit where credit's due."
But old habits die hard. In one case, it is not clear if authorities even informed a patient's relatives about their condition after the virus was discovered. Wu Demao, the father-in-law of Wu Liangliang, one of the first patients - and at 27, the youngest so far - to die from the virus, said their family only found out that their son-in-law was one of the first victims of the new virus when friends alerted them to official media reports on March 31. That was more than two weeks after the son-in-law fell sick and died when their lungs failed.
"Even I don't really know what their condition was. The cause of their death was not told to us, even after they died. It was not clear until my friends and relatives told me," Wu said outside their rented apartment in Minhang, a Shanghai suburb, on a recent evening. "We asked if it was SARS or bird flu. The hospital could not answer. They just said it was severe pneumonia." A woman who answered the phone at the No. 5 People's Hospital in Shanghai said it was not the facility's responsibility to notify relatives about the diagnosis.
Even Chinese news media, which is censored by the government, has been questioning why authorities did not say anything sooner about the case, The New York Times reported.
"People are still asking, why did it take the government so long to confirm the outbreak?" The Communist Youth Daily newspaper said in a column several days ago, according to the Times. "The transparency of information from the government is still being called into question by the public, and the actions the government has taken have not convinced the public."
Wu said their family was being treated like pariahs in their community amid fears about the virus, and that they were asked to leave their pork stall at the neighborhood market because its manager felt the media attention they were attracting was bad for business. Wu and their wife declined to comment further, lamenting: "It's no use. We are just ordinary people, no one will help us."
The World Health Organization has more information on the H7N9 bird flu outbreak in China.
Education policy is not a major point of emphasis for Donald Trump personally, but their choice for education secretary, Betsy DeVos, turned out to be perhaps their most controversial nominee. That inaugurates an era in which the normally sleepy Department of Education is going to come under heavy scrutiny, and DeVos as a political neophyte with relatively extreme views and not a ton of White House interest in their issue area just stepped in it again.
After a presidential meeting with the leaders of Historically Black Colleges and Universities, DeVos decided to issue a statement hailing them as an example of their pet issue, school choice:
If you squint at this, you can kind of see what they were trying to say here. DeVos's view is that traditional public schools are failing many students, and that lightly regulated charter schools or vouchers for parochial schools help kids by providing an outside option.
Black colleges provided an outside option to African Americans excluded from mainstream institutions of higher education by Jim Crow laws. But if you think about this analogy for five seconds, you'll see that problems abound. And by painting school choice as a form of “separate but equal” education system, DeVos is doing their critics' work for them
Beyond the four corners of this gaffe, you see two larger issues at play here.
One is that they don't seem to have any grasp of the higher education aspect of their portfolio. The whole “choice” issue is irrelevant to American higher education policy, and thus irrelevant to federal interactions with Historically Black Colleges and Universities. They wanted to retreat into their intellectual safe space of talking about school choice, and blundered into a land mine.
The other is that the Republican Party only sabotaged itself by confirming weak nominees like DeVos. Them confirmation hearing was a gaffe-tastic disaster, and their tenure in office is shaping up to be much the same. It would not have been difficult to find someone with similar policy views to DeVos but a somewhat deeper understanding of them and some actual experience in a job that involves a heavy public communications element. Republicans count DeVos's confirmation as a “win.” But your Cabinet is supposed to be a portfolio of assets, and she's a huge liability.
Clarizen Blog Game of Productivity: Communication Overload is Here
While clans on Game of Thrones wage war to win the Iron Throne, another skirmish for supremacy is taking place on the enterprise landscape. Except in this battle, executives are pitted against a powerful enemy that makes White Walkers seem cute and cuddly by comparison: communication overload.
As our GoT-inspired Infographic reveals, 81 percent of respondents in a new Clarizen survey said that their attempts to improve communication have failed to boost productivity.
As such, to survive in these unpredictable and unproductive times, enterprises have been forced to contend with:
Endless Communications , where communication apps abound, yet unleash chatter and chaos instead of clarity and collaboration.
, where communication apps abound, yet unleash chatter and chaos instead of clarity and collaboration. Countless Messages , where hordes of emails ravage the countryside, and conversation threads get longer and more tangled by the hour.
, where hordes of emails ravage the countryside, and conversation threads get longer and more tangled by the hour. Meetings Gone Wild , where not even joining the Night's Watch is an escape from yet another unnecessary meeting.
, where not even joining the Night's Watch is an escape from yet another unnecessary meeting. Sea of Documents, where version control nightmares unfold, and brave warriors hunt across drives and repositories for essential files that may or may not exist.
Of course, there's no doubt that leveraging technologies to improve the lines of communications among employees is important. But as these enterprises are experiencing: communicating is not the same as collaborating.
Fortunately, defeating information overload doesn't require forging fickle, uncertain loyalties or unholy alliances. Enterprises can liberate their people, secure their kingdom, and usher in a new era of productivity.
Please enjoy and share the Infographic below. While communication overload is here, take heart: your enterprise can win the game of productivity!
Related Posts How to Honestly Rate Your Meeting Productivity It can be challenging for a project manager to rate their own productivity during a…
4 tips to help IT professionals raise their communication game Like all other stereotypes, the notion that IT professionals are classic “absent-minded professors” – that…
How Visibility Equals Product Acceleration The acquisition of Whole Foods by Amazon begs the question of whether or not the…
The intelligence community and the liberal mainstream media have used the existence of a document that no one has verified to attack President-elect Donald Trump. As more of the story comes out, that attack appears to be backfiring. CNN is quickly losing what credibility it had left and the intelligence community appears to be attempting to distance itself from the document it considered worthy of adding to the official report on the — also unproven — allegations of a Russian campaign to influence the election.
Besides playing a major role in the dissemination of the spurious allegations against President-elect Trump contained in the unverified dossier alleged to be the product of a former British intelligence officer, CNN also originated the false report that Trump had been presented with a two-page summary that detailed those allegations.
While reporting the salacious details of what increasingly appears to be a fake dossier, CNN also claimed:
Classified documents presented last week to President Obama and President-elect Trump included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump, multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings tell CNN.
The allegations were presented in a two-page synopsis that was appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 election. The allegations came, in part, from memos compiled by a former British intelligence operative, whose past work US intelligence officials consider credible.
And:
The classified briefings last week were presented by four of the senior-most US intelligence chiefs — Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, CIA Director John Brennan, and NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers.
One reason the nation's intelligence chiefs took the extraordinary step of including the synopsis in the briefing documents was to make the President-elect aware that such allegations involving them are circulating among intelligence agencies, senior members of Congress and other government officials in Washington, multiple sources tell CNN.
Just so there was no confusion, that article ran under the headline, “Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.”
But like the dossier itself, the claim that Trump was “presented” with “classified documents” that “included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump” appears to be falling flat. In their press conference Wednesday, Trump flatly disputed the claim that they were given a copy of the dossier, saying they learned of the alleged dossier “outside of the meeting" with the chiefs of the intelligence community.
Trump's assertion that they did not receive the two-page summary as CNN reported is backed up by others, as well. A “highly-placed transition source” told Fox News that the dossier was “barely mentioned in passing” during the meeting and a government source told the news outlet that the document certainly did not constitute a "central element" of Trump's briefing by the intelligence officials.
As the wheels continue to come off the cart in this he-said-she-said gossipfest of an unconfirmed document being passed off as an intelligence report, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has waffled on the importance of the dossier. In a statement released late Wednesday from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, Clapper wrote that they had called the president-elect to express their "profound dismay" over the leak of the dossier to the media. They went on to write, “I emphasized that this document is not a U.S. Intelligence Community product and that I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC [intelligence community],” adding, “The IC has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable, and we did not rely upon it in any way for our conclusions."
Of course, Clapper's remarks lead to more questions than they answer. For instance, if the intelligence community “has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable” and “did not rely upon it in any way,” why was the document appended to the report on Russian influence in the election? And if the document was classified and in the hands of the intelligence community where it should have — presumably — been closely guarded, how can Clapper “not believe the leaks came from within” the intelligence community? Are the American people to believe that CNN, BuzzFeed, and other media got their hands on the classified document by osmosis?
Considering the lack of credibility of both the intelligence community (which made the less-than-reliable document part of the official report) and the media organizations (which reported on it as if it were verified), one thing is certain: trusting either the intelligence community or the liberal mainstream media to tell the truth is a waste of good faith.
Photo of President-elect Trump: AP Images
Getty Poll: Trump narrows Clinton's lead nationally to 3 points
Donald Trump continues to cut into Hillary Clinton's lead nationally, according to a national NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll released Tuesday.
Trump has reduced the 5-point advantage Clinton held last week to just 3 percentage points. But the former secretary of state still leads 48 percent to 45 percent.
Story Continued Below
Clinton dominates among minority voters. The Democratic front-runner leads Trump by a 75-point margin among black voters, 84 percent to 9 percent, and holds a 37-point advantage among Hispanic voters, 65 percent to 28 percent. Women also favor Clinton, while Trump leads among men and white voters.
Eighty-seven percent of Republicans would back Trump, while just 7 percent would support Clinton. The margin is almost just as large among Democratic voters, with 87 percent favoring Clinton and just 8 percent supporting Trump. The billionaire who often boasts about growing the party holds an 8-point advantage among independents, 44 percent to 36 percent.
While conservative and very conservative voters break for Trump and liberal and very liberal voters sway Clinton's way, Clinton also leads among moderates by double digits, 53 percent to 39 percent.
In the Democratic primary, Clinton leads Sanders nationally by 14 points, 54 percent to 40 percent. But it's the Vermont senator who beats Trump in a hypothetical head-to-head by a wider margin, 53 percent to 41 percent.
A majority of Republican and Republican-leaning voters trust Trump to be the party's standard-bearer over House Speaker Paul Ryan. Nearly six in 10 said they trust the presumptive GOP presidential nominee to lead the Republican Party, while 39 percent said they trust the House Republican leader more.
The survey of 14,100 adults — 12,507 of whom say they're registered to vote — was conducted online May 9-15. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 1.2 percentage points.
Glacier ice (1h)
Ice phases
Water has many solid phases (ices), given with their properties below.
Phase diagram
Ice crystal data
Known ices
Very high-pressure ices including superionic ice
Computer ices (ice 0)
Vonnegut's ice-nine
The 'ice-rules'
Known ices
The typical tetrahedral arrangement of hydrogen bonds
There are eighteen or so crystalline phases [ 3500 ] (where the oxygen atoms are in fixed positions relative to each other, but the hydrogen atoms may or may not be disordered, and three amorphous (non-crystalline) phases (see [ 2145 for recent reviews of ice research). This large number is due to the open tetrahedrally arranged water molecular structure of hexagonal ice under normal atmospheric pressure and the large number of possible crystal structures that this ice can form as it is progressively crushed under high pressure.
All the crystalline phases of ice involve the water molecules being hydrogen-bonded to four neighboring water molecules (see left, and [1300] for a recent review). In most cases, the two hydrogen atoms are equivalent with the hydrogen bonds of similar strength. The water molecules retain their symmetry obey the 'ice rules' j. For the most part, the ordering of the protons (in fixed positions with lower entropy) occurs at lower temperatures, whereas pressure reduces the distances between second shell neighbors (lower volume and greater van der Waals effects). The H-O-H angle in the ice phases is expected to be a little less than the tetrahedral angle (109.47°), at about 107°. The Clausius Clapeyron equation n for much ice phase changes has to be adapted due to water's negative expansion coefficient and anomalous change in entropy with volume [1147c].
Ice Ih may be metastable with respect to empty clathrate structures (Ice-sixteen, [2252 and Ice-seventeen [2796]]) of lower density under negative pressure conditions (that is, stretched) at very low temperatures [520]. Different research groups have described two different forms of ice-eleven; (a) the high-pressure form (also known as ice-thirteen) involves hydrogen atoms equally-spaced between the oxygen atoms [84] (like ice-ten) in a distorted hexagonal close-packed structure whereas (b) the lower pressure, low temperature, form uses the incorporation of hydroxide defect doping (and interstitial K+ ions) to order the hydrogen-bonding of ice Ih [207], that otherwise occurs too slowly. Another ice-ten has been described, being the proton-ordered form of ice-six (VI); this is now known as ice fifteen. Only hexagonal ice-one (Ih), ice-three (III), ice-five (V), ice-six (VI), ice-seven (VII) and, perhaps, ice-ten (X) can be in equilibrium with liquid water (ice-ten with supercritical water), whereas all the others ices, including ice-two (II, [273]), are not stable in its presence under any conditions of temperature and pressure. The low-temperature ices, ice-two, ice-eight (VIII), ice-nine (IX), ice-eleven (low pressure form), ice-thirteen (XIII) [1002], ice-fourteen (XIV) [1002] and ice fifteen (XV) [1582] all possess (ice-nine and ice-fourteen incompletely) low entropy ordered hydrogen-bonding whereas in the other ices (except ice-ten [80] and ice-eleven where the hydrogen atoms are symmetrically placed and molecules of H 2 O do not have individual existence) the hydrogen-bonding is disordered even down to 0 K, where reachable; these include all the ices that share a phase boundary with liquid water. Disordered hydrogen-bonding causes positional disorder in the oxygen atoms of several pm around their crystallographic sites. Also, the disordered ices I, IV, V, VI, and XII, also show glass transitions at low temperatures [2601], associated with the unfreezing of the reorientation dynamics. Ice-four (IV) and ice-twelve (XII) [82] are both metastable within the ice-five phase space. Cubic ice (Ic) is metastable with respect to hexagonal ice (Ih). Ice-seven (VII) undergoes X-ray-induced (≈ 9.7 keV) dissociation to an O 2 - H 2 alloy g at high pressure (>2.5 GPa) but reverts to ice-seven near its melting point at 700 K and 15 GPa [1383]. A new ice phase has been reported to lie on what had been thought to be the liquid (supercritical) side of ice-seven at high pressures, with approximate triple points of about 700 K, 20 GPa with liquid (supercritical) water and ice-seven and about 1500 K, 40 GPa with liquid (supercritical) and ice-ten [1521]. This may be a plastic phase where only molecular rotations are allowed [2078].
The thermal conductivities properties of crystalline and amorphous ices have been reviewed [1202]. The OD/OH Raman stretch bands for D 2 O/H 2 O ices have been analyzed and compared [3508]. Other stable or metastable phases of ice have been proposed (for example, Ice XIII and ice XIV were proposed earlier than their discovery [958]) but their structures were not established. Several new phases (for example ice i, 'Hexagonal Bilayer Water' and 'Pleated Sheet Water', [1985]) have only been found (so far) in modeling studies, but other ices have been found at confined surfaces. 'Metallic' water, where electrons are freed to move extensively throughout the material and the atoms of water exist as ions, probably exists as an antifluorite type structure m above 1.76 TPa [1138]. It is not thought that any other phases are stable at higher pressures than this.
The proposed topology of the transformations between ice XI ice II ice IX, and ice VIII ice X has been described [1237]. [Back to Top ]
Very high-pressure ices including superionic ice
The state of ice at the very high pressures above ice X has only recently been reached experimentally. Modeling gives a confusion of possibilities. As such modeling, but of lower pressure ices, does not provide accurate results as compared with experimental structure information, it is expected that these results are, at best, indicative. Density functional calculations [1709] indicate a pressure-induced initial displacement of the ice-ten atomic layers to give an orthorhombic Pbcm structure. At higher pressure, this may be followed by the squeezing of the H-atoms from their midpoints to give a Pbca structure and then, at over a terapascal (TPa, 107 atm), to a metallic ice, consisting of corrugated sheets of H and O atoms with the H-atoms at the octahedral midpoints between next-nearest oxygen atoms [1709]. Alternative views have been given; one is that the orthorhombic Pbcm structure is superseded by a Pmc2 1 phase above 930 GPa, followed by a P2 1 crystal structure at about 1.3 TPa and finally the metallic C2∕m phase above about 4.8 TPa [1818]. Another study shows that trigonal P3 1 21 and orthorhombic Pcca phases become stable in the ranges 0.77-1.44 TPa and 1.44-1.93 TPa [2114] respectively. Such ices are not molecular and may be considered as protons and oxygen dianions with mobile electrons [1666] and are expected at the core of giant planets such as Jupiter and Saturn A partially ionic phase consisting of alternate layers of OH- and H 3 O+ at low temperatures has been suggested [1810]. Several new phases may convert into one where the coordination number of oxygen increases from 4 to 5 with a significant increase of density [1818]. At pressures over about 5 TPa, it has been suggested that a phase splitting occurs with (the components of) H 2 O decomposing into a cubic Pa-3 H 2 O 2 -formula phase and a hydrogen-rich phase, with metallization predicted at a higher pressure of just over 6 TPa [2114].
A new superionic phase was proposed with an approximate triple point of about 1000 K, 40 GPa with liquid (supercritical and ionized) water and ice-seven at high temperatures (≈ 1500K) [1572]. In this phase, the hydrogen ions (protons) were expected to be highly mobile, behaving like a liquid, and moving within the solid lattice of oxygen ions. The recent experimental discovery of superionic ice has reinforced this prediction [3199]. Using shock compression of ice-seven, it was shown that ice melts near 5000 K at 190 GPa.
Computer ices
There are many other possible crystalline structures of solid water (ice) that fit with the tetrahedrality of water's hydrogen-bonding, and that obey the ice rules. These 'metastable' states may be generated using molecular models but whether they are important in the real world needs to be determined by experiment. One such ice is ice 0 (see below), a tetragonal structure (unit cell 12 molecules; 90º, 90º, 90º, 5.93 Å, 5.93 Å, 10.74 Å; 0.95 g ˣ cm-3) containing 5-, 6- and 7-membered rings that has been proposed as a structure formed during the crystallization of ice Ic and ice Ih from supercooled water [2149]. Interestingly this ice 0 structure contains partial dodecahedral clusters consisting of three linked pentamers (H 2 O) 11 as thought to exist in supercooled water and ES.
Ice 0 [2149]; 3 x 3 x3 unit cells viewed down the x- and z-axes. The view down the y-axis is similar to that down the x-axis
In these diagrams of ice 0, the hydrogen-bonding is shown ordered whereas, in reality, it is random, obeying the ice rules.
Interactive structures of ice 0 (Jmol) are available. Another computer ice has been proposed as a metastable link in the crystallization of ice VII at 10 GPa, 425 K [2163].
The empty clathrate S-III ice has been proposed to be the most stable ice phase at very high negative (i.e., very stretched conditions) pressures [2507].
Kurt Vonnegut's highly entertaining story concerning an (imaginary) ice-nine, which was capable of crystallizing all the water in the world [83], fortunately, has no scientific basis (see also I E ). Ice-nine, in reality, is a proton-ordered form of ice-three, and only exists at very low temperatures and high pressures and cannot exist alongside liquid water under any conditions.
Footnotes
a Left column: experimental density at atmospheric pressure but at the temperature of stability (this will contain crystal boundaries and faults); right column: crystallographic density [1717]. [Back]
b Low-density amorphous ice (LDA). The structural data in the Table is given assuming LDA has the structure of ES . [Back]
c High-density amorphous ice (HDA). The structural data in the Table is given assuming HDA has the structure of crushed CS . [Back]
d Very high-density amorphous ice (VHDA). The structural data in the Table assumes no hydrogen bond rearrangements from LDA or HDA. As VHDA is likely to be a relaxed form of HDA, this assumption seems unlikely [935]. [Back]
e Structure consists of two interpenetrating frameworks. [Back]
f Although primarily ordered or disordered, ordered arrangements of hydrogen-bonding may not be perfect and disordered arrangements of hydrogen-bonding are not totally random as there are correlated and non-bonded preferential effects. [Back]
g This ice is reported to be more likely a trigonal structure made up of 2H 3 Oδ++ O 2δ - + H 2 rather than a 2H 2 + O 2 alloy [1419]. [Back]
h Crystal cell parameters have been collated. The right-hand column gives the space group. [Back]
i Relative permittivities (dielectric constants) fall into two categories depending on whether the hydrogen bonds are ordered (low values) or disordered (high values). [Back]
An H 2 O ice molecule (a) obeying the 'ice rules'
2
2
2
2
2
3
: (also called the Bernal–Fowler rules [ 766 ]) each water molecule (right labeled 'a') has four hydrogen-bonded neighbors, two hydrogen atoms near each oxygen (≈ 1 Å ), one hydrogen atom on each O····O bond; thus H-O-H···OHand HO···H-O-H are allowed, but H-O-H···H-O-H and HO···OHare not; see HO molecule a right). As the H-O-H angles are about 106.6º [ 717 ], the hydrogen bonds are not straight (although shown so in the figures). Weaknesses (Bjerrum defects; 66 k J ˣ mol 3220 ]) in the ice crystal are apparent where the ice rules are disobeyed. Both O····O contacts, without an intervening proton (L defect, 'leer' defect) and O-H····H-O contacts (D defect, 'doppelt' defect, with two protons between the pair of oxygen atoms) may occur due to molecular rotations where neighboring water molecules fail to adjust their hydrogen-bonding. Another type of defect is the ionic defect caused by the presence of Hand OHions (135 k J ˣ mol 3220 ]). [ Back
k Ice XI was first described as a fully-ionic antifluorite structure formed at around 100 GPa [2539]. Ice XI is also known as ice XIII. These structures have not been experimentally verified and, therefore perhaps, are best not referred to with the numerical designations first used. [Back]
m The antifluorite structure consists of a face-centered cubic (FCC) unit cell with oxygen anions occupying the FCC lattice points (corners and faces), and hydrogen cations occupy the eight tetrahedral sites within the FCC lattice. [Back]
n The Clausius Clapeyron equation can be stated as dT/dP=TΔV/ΔH=ΔV/ΔS where P, T, H, V, and S are the pressure, temperature, enthalpy, volume, and entropy. This may be extended to be
dT/dP=T(sign α 2 V 2 - sign α 1 V 1 )ΔV/ΔH
where α represents the thermal expansion coefficients, for use with phases with negative expansion coefficients including the ice phase changes
LDA Ic, HDA LDA, LDA HDA, III V, V VI, VI VII and VI VIII
[1147b]. [Back]
o At 5 TPa. [Back]
p The figures in brackets are the relative number of such rings. For the crystalline ices, they are from [2021].
q Data corrected to 0 °C, for direct comparison to ice Ih. The densities were determined at ≈ 80 K (ice Ih 0.932 g ˣ cm-3, ice Ic 0.943 g ˣ cm-3, LDA 0.937 g ˣ cm-3) [2032]. [Back]
r This ice has not been experimentally confirmed [Back]
The Tax Policy Center has just released its analysis of Mitt Romney's newest tax proposal. That certainly calls for a chart. So here are Romney's and Obama's tax plans, side by side:
Note that the Tax Policy Center could only conduct a partial analysis of Romney's tax plan. That's because Romney's proposal itself is incomplete. He's said that they want to scrap various deductions in the tax code, particularly for high earners, in order to broaden the tax base. But they haven't offered any details about which deductions he'd scrap or how, so there wasn't anything for the Tax Policy Center to analyze.
Based on the details Romney has provided so far, their plan would lower tax rates for the top quintile by 5.4 percent, saving the wealthiest an average of $16,134. (The top 1 percent of earners, meanwhile, would save an average of $149,997.) The lowest fifth of earners, by contrast, would see a small tax increase of 1.3 percent under Romney's plan, owing the federal government an additional $143 extra on average.
Obama's tax proposal, meanwhile, would keep tax rates roughly the same except for married couples making over $250,000 per year (or single earners making more than $200,000 per year). On average, under Obama's plan, the top 1 percent would be paying about $87,173 more per year.
@Anonymous: It's not clear why it has taken so long to clean up. For one, thing the government was unsure of how much was dumped and where it had been disposed of (it thought it went to another landfill) until after a Post-Dispatch reporter uncovered it in 1976 (it was dumped in 1973).So it took until the early ‘80s for early site investigations to determine what was there. Federal cleanup programs like the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program (FUSRAP) were just getting off the ground. Initially, FUSRAP was run by the Department of Energy, which is potentially liable for West Lake. And the DOE did not want West Lake in the program, reportedly because it had been contaminated by a private company.The EPA has had jurisdiction since 1990. EPA superfund cleanups typically take years and years and years. They're expedited when there's an imminent threat to the community or environmental contamination, which the agency has consistently maintained is not occurring here (other than some groundwater contamination that EPA says people aren't exposed to).EPA did propose capping the site in 2008, but residents said they were concerned groundwater would still be an issue, so EPA took a step back and is evaluating more intense cleanups, including removal or encapsulation. But yes, seven years since 2008 is a long time. EPA is starting to show more urgency, committing to a proposal by the end of next year and changing some of its local leadership over the site.They've faced lots of criticism for the pace. Here's a look we took at that at the beginning of the year:
Tara Reid has got to be one of my favorite idiots ever. She's always seemed plastic and empty, but it turns out that Tara's idiocy is more than skin deep. Tara Reid is so stupid that they actually think the writers' strike is still going on. The very same strike that ended in mid-February. Nine months ago. The weirdest part is that Tara seems to have relatively current information about the economy. And then ties together their massively out-of-date information with current events into some bizarre theory about how she'll start working once the strike is over and the economy is better. Probably best to wait until all those head wounds heal too.
Someone needs to tell Tara Reid that the writers' strike has been over for quite a while now, because it seems the “American Pie” actor didn't get the memo. “I totally plan to go back into acting once the strike stops,” Reid told Pop Tarts last week at Eva Longoria-Parker's Padres Contra El Cancer's 8th Annual “El Sueno De Esperanza” benefit gala in Hollywood. “The economy is so bad right now that people are afraid to put money back into acting. Even the shows that seem new, they really shot six months ago. So when it's all back up again, I will go back into it. That's my heart,” they said. So instead of performing, Tara has been busy in their new career as a fashion designer … inspired by “The Secret.” “I have a clothing line coming out called Mantra by Tara Reid. It's like the book ‘The Secret' — the whole line is about colors,” they explained. “Red means love, blue means love, white is peace, black means protection. So when you wear these colors, you might attract love, or green, you'll get lucky tonight. You put the energy out there, that's what the line is all about.”
[From Fox News' Pop Tarts]
Tara's statement that “‘The economy is so bad right now that people are afraid to put money back into acting,'” is about the economy and is true and accurate information. Them next sentence “‘Even the shows that seem new, they really shot six months ago'” is about the writers' strike, and hasn't been correct for a long, long time. And the thing about going back into acting when “it's all back up again” would be nice, if it weren't for the fact that it's “all been back up again” for months.
I'm assuming someone told Tara the strike is still going on and that's why she's not working. It's like a parent telling their kid they took their dog to live on a farm instead of saying, “Sweetheart, Daddy ran over the dog.” You say things like that to children – and people with the mental capacity of children – to soften the blow. As long as Tara still thinks the strike is going on, they won't wonder why no one will put them in their films.
I wonder what color will attract money or work according to Tara's clothing line? The clothes they have been wearing definitely look like working girl clothes, but not for their colors. Whatever it is, I suggest that Tara start wearing it night and day.
Homeowners insurance premiums are soaring in Minnesota, and consumers can expect more rate shocks ahead as insurance companies wager that a run of worse-than-usual weather will continue.
Increases that average 10 to 12 percent this year come on the heels of rate hikes averaging 7 percent last year and 8 percent in 2010, according to a Star Tribune analysis of company filings. That has added $200 to $300 a year to the average policy.
Insurers say they're grappling with a shift in the state's weather patterns, an eruption of tornadoes, straight-line winds and hailstorms that have lashed Minnesota since 1998. Minnesota ranked in the top three states for insured catastrophe losses in 2007 and 2008 alongside disaster magnets such as Texas, Louisiana and California.
"In all of my years in the business I have never seen increases like this," said Roberta Gibbons, an independent agent at St. Louis Park-based Dyste Williams. "But then again, I've never seen storm claims like we've had in Minnesota."
Skeptics aren't convinced that weather trends justify the size of the increases, particularly since many companies are also whittling away at how much they'll cover. It's debatable whether Minnesota's storm pattern has permanently shifted, the skeptics point out. And after all, insurance is about taking risks and bad years are part of the equation.
There is also less public scrutiny of the rates in Minnesota than in some other states. Unlike Texas and California, where homeowners insurance rate-making is nearly a contact sport, there are no consumer groups in Minnesota focused on it. The state Commerce Department has the power to call public hearings on large proposed increases, but last did so in 2002. Of the 25 largest hikes companies put through since 2010, Commerce reduced only one.
Amy Bach, a lawyer heading United Policyholders, an insurance consumer advocacy group in San Francisco, said rate shock is such a political issue in the Gulf Coast states it has given rise to candidates running for office just on an insurance reform platform. "You guys are waking up," they said.
"I can assure you that the rate increases people are experiencing are way higher than they should be," Bach said. "There are not sufficient safeguards. They have a captive audience."
Not just wind and rain
Insurers say bad weather is just one of several factors driving up rates. Rising material costs that make claims more expensive and lower returns on company investments due to ultra-low interest rates are also at work.
But losses from storms around the country have been at record levels since 2008, said Bob Hartwig, an economist with the Insurance Information Institute, a New York-based industry association.
Through August, companies raised premiums on various homeowners insurance products in Minnesota more than 90 times, according to the Star Tribune's review. They're on pace to outstrip 2011 when there were about 100 increases.
Increases this year range from less than 1 percent to 163 percent in one extreme case focused on optional water backup coverage, but they average 10 percent to 12 percent. The rate change a carrier reports to Commerce is itself an average; individual customers see smaller or larger increases.
For instance, Travelers Home & Marine Insurance Co. put through a rate hike averaging 25 percent in April. But David Braun, 56, of Edina, said their Travelers policy jumped 43 percent on top of previous increases. The managing principal for a national life insurance brokerage agency, Braun said they once worked for Travelers. They understand rate-making. Still, the homeowners hikes have them scratching their head.
"So you have three years of consecutive losses," Braun said. "So why does it go up 10 percent one year, 22 percent the next year and 41 percent the next year? That doesn't make any sense. I question why they didn't do a better job based on the information that they had ... that we would get slammed like we got slammed."
Travelers declined repeated requests to make someone available for an interview. In a brief statement, a spokesperson said it adjusted rates mainly because of the weather over several years and the rising cost of construction materials.
Carriers are also restricting coverage -- covering the actual cash value for a roof as opposed to the new replacement cost, for instance, or raising deductibles for wind and hail. Local agents report an increase in policyholders being denied coverage or dropped due to losses. Some companies are ratcheting up the price to cover roofs more than 15 years old.
Some carriers might refuse to write a new policy at all for someone with weather-related losses in the last few years, and those old losses could haunt you at your next home.
The Auto Club Insurance Association not only hiked its premiums 20 percent but declared that as of July 1, to get a new policy a homeowner can't have any claims in the past five years.
Good system!
Cheapest VR system out now- this is an immersive tool that expands off of Sony's panoramic movie googles tech from 1999 and they have made it work quite well. Helmut is comfortable, startup is made ez with instructions and pictures to aide in setup, and my only real gripe is the motion controllers as they ONLY seem to charge from the usb on the ps4 or computer- Not on a wall outlet charger for some reason. Makes charging 2 controllers very arduous. Games are very clunky looking at times- but its ver 1.0 on a mass produced scale, and will only get better. For the price of a new ps4, VR it up. Just remember to lock your doors, literally you will not know if someone is there with you while playing. Also- why have the tv on if the helmut is running? Some slight tweaks in cons would make this system even better.Read full review
Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images Dialog Previous Image Next Image
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Will Cain says they are a fan of Draymond Green's winning smile and authenticity, but that won't stop them from criticizing the Warriors star. (1:08)
On Monday, Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green said they thought teams would give the Cleveland Cavaliers a stiffer challenge in the playoffs. On Wednesday after practice, they revealed that they took offense to the headlines some went with regarding those comments.
"I didn't say I was disappointed with their competition," Green said. "First off, people always want to take a piece of a statement and then say, 'Ah man, Draymond said the Cavs aren't playing anybody.' They never say, 'Draymond said Cleveland is playing great basketball.'
"So everybody is always chasing a headline, the controversy. Watching ESPN is like watching a controversial reality TV show. It's pretty pathetic that that's what the headline everybody wants."
"I didn't say I was disappointed with their competition. First off, people always want to take a piece of a statement and then say, 'Ah man, Draymond said the Cavs aren't playing anybody.' They never say, 'Draymond said Cleveland is playing great basketball.'"
Earlier in the week, Green was asked their opinion on the Cavaliers and what they have been able to accomplish by going 8-0 in the playoffs.
Their response: "I thought teams would compete a little harder. I just watched San Antonio-Houston. I like to watch good basketball. When you watch Cleveland play, you're only watching one side of the good basketball. That's kind of weak. I like watching a good game, not even necessarily that it's going to be a close game. I like to watch teams playing good basketball. When you watch them, you watch one team playing good basketball and everybody else do something. I don't know what that something is."
Green is known for being provocative and making controversial statements, but on this occasion, they apparently felt what they said didn't warrant the outrage.
Editor's Picks Durant: Top prospects should skip combine With the benefit of hindsight, Kevin Durant says they wish the trend of prospects opting out of the NBA draft combine had started before they embarked on their professional career.
Warriors agree to 2-year lease extension The Golden State Warriors have agreed to a two-year lease extension to remain at Oracle Arena in Oakland before a planned move to San Francisco for the 2019-20 season. 1 Related
"'Draymond is disappointed with who Cleveland plays.' You think I care who Cleveland plays or how the other team plays?" they said. "But I am a basketball fan, and I know what I want to watch as a basketball fan. So I don't understand how all these things are always made so controversial. Not that it alters my daily life. I still go home and have fun with my kids and have a great day. But it's just ridiculous how everybody is always searching for a controversy."
The Warriors and Cavaliers are both undefeated entering the conference finals. They are each four wins away from meeting in the Finals for the third consecutive year. Green's argument was that there have been no headlines saying how well each team's rival is playing.
They dared the media before walking off.
"So there goes your headline of the day. 'Draymond says Cleveland is playing great basketball.' Let's see if that one makes it," Green said.
Romanian Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has refused to quit office after their ruling Social Democratic Party (PSD) withdrew support and asked them to step down, potentially opening the way for prolonged political instability.
"I will not resign," Grindeanu said late on Wednesday. "I have an obligation to act responsibly towards this country and towards my own party. I will step back only if President Klaus Iohannis will nominate a PSD member for my post after consulting with all political parties."
PSD Chairman Liviu Dragnea told journalists after a meeting of the party's executive committee that "all PSD cabinet members have handed in their resignations and the party is ready to continue governing the country after the PM announced they would step aside under certain conditions".
"Since all cabinet members are resigning, we cannot talk about a government any more," Dragnea added.
The PSD wound up a week-long performance review of Grindeanu's six-month old cabinet on Wednesday evening and found it had failed to uphold an ambitious governing programme, which won the party an election victory in December and a comfortable parliament majority.
Grindeanu refuted the accusations, saying they missed implementing only nine measures out of 97 scheduled to be fulfilled over the first five months in office.
At the PSD meeting, the government performance analysis was presented by a former minister of finance currently on trial for taking bribes and hiding the money in a graveyard, according to prosecutors.
The junior partner of the PSD, the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats (ALDE), also said it will pull its backing for Grindeanu.
"We have voted to cancel our political support for prime minister Grindeanu. Our four cabinet members have already written their resignations," ALDE Chairman Calin Popescu-Tariceanu said.
"We are well aware that there is a big difference between public perception of the government's performance, which is rather positive, and reality, which is rather grim... A government without political backing cannot go on," Tariceanu added.
Earlier on Wednesday, Grindeanu told journalists they did not intend to resign, but said they were expecting a "public execution".
Over the last two weeks, Grindeanu has been targeted by fierce attacks from their own party, signalling a fallout with Dragnea. Several PSD leaders earlier suggested the prime minister should step aside.
IN PICTURES: Romania Protests - A family's fight
The ruling coalition can launch a vote of no confidence in parliament to remove them from office.
Dragnea wanted to become prime minister himself, but was denied the position because of a prior criminal conviction for voter fraud.
They were also put on trial by anti-corruption prosecutors on charges of official misconduct - the same crime that would have been decriminalised under a government proposal had Romanians not taken to the streets by the hundreds of thousands last year.
A MAN who killed a pensioner and seven of their best friends in the worst car crash in the history of the State has been jailed this afternoon for four years, with the last two years suspended.
A MAN who killed a pensioner and seven of their best friends in the worst car crash in the history of the State has been jailed this afternoon for four years, with the last two years suspended.
Man who killed seven friends and pensioner in crash will spend two years in jail
Shaun Kelly (26) from Hill Road, Ballmaggan, Buncrana, Co Donegal, had originally pleaded not guilty to causing eight deaths by dangerous driving.
Shaun Kelly is taken into custody after they were sentenced at Letterkenny Circuit Court to four years' imprisonment for causing the deaths of eight people in the most devastating crash in the history of the Irish state. Niall Carson/PA Wire Shaun Kelly is taken into custody after they were sentenced at Letterkenny Circuit Court to four years' imprisonment for causing the deaths of eight people in the most devastating crash in the history of the Irish state. Niall Carson/PA Wire Shaun Kelly is taken into custody after they were sentenced at Letterkenny Circuit Court to four years' imprisonment for causing the deaths of eight people in the most devastating crash in the history of the Irish state. Photo credit should read: Niall Carson/PA Wire Shaun Kelly is taken into custody after they were sentenced at Letterkenny Circuit Court to four years' imprisonment for causing the deaths of eight people in the most devastating crash in the history of the Irish state. Photo credit should read: Niall Carson/PA Wire The car in which 7 men died is removed from the scene near Clonmany in Donegal, 12th July 2010. Picture Margaret McLaughlin The car in which Hugh Friel (66) died is removed from the scene near Clonmany in Donegal, 12th July 2010. Picture Margaret McLaughlin
However on July 22 this year - four years after the deaths - they dramatically changed their plea to ‘guilty' as their trial was due to begin.
They had also previously claimed they were unfit to face trial before withdrawing that application.
The men who died in the crash the road between Clonmany and Buncrana on July 11th, 2010 were Hugh Friel (66), Urris, Clonmany, Eamon McDaid (22) of Ballymagan, Buncrana; Mark McLaughlin, (21) of Ballinahone, Fahan; Paul Doherty (19), of Ardagh, Ballyliffin; Ciaran Sweeney (19), of Ballyliffin; Patrick J McLaughlin (21), of Roxstown, Burnfoot; James McEleney (23), of Meenaduff, Clonmany and Damien McLaughlin (21), of Umricam, Buncrana.
After hearing the case from 10.30am today and retiring to consider their sentence Judge John O'Hagan told a hushed courtroom at Letterkenny Circuit Court: “It's at times like this it is difficult to be a judge; the tragedy which unfolded was horrific, beyond description.”
James McEleney Mark McLaughlin Damien McLaughlin Eamonn McDaid
They sentenced Kelly to four years in prison with the last two years suspended. They also banned Kelly from driving for 10 years.
Kelly had been the designated driver on the night of the crash - the same night of the World Cup Final between Spain and the Netherlands - and hadn't been drinking.
Shocking details of the horrific crash were revealed for the first time at Letterkenny Circuit Court today.
Kelly, dressed in black trousers, blue shirt and black jacket, sat clenching their hands as Alex Owens, prosecuting, listed the names of those who died when Kelly crashed the VW Passat.
Mr Owens had told the judge the maximum sentence for causing death by dangerous driving was ten years accompanied by a maximum life driving ban.
They said Kelly had been returned for trial at the District Court on March 8, 2012 and a month later the State Solicitor for Donegal had written to Kelly's legal team pointing out that an early plea could have an impact on the sentence handed down.
However Kelly, they said, had continued until July this year of relying on a defence which blamed a Mrs Anne McGilloway for the crash.
Mr Owens said “it was an extremely tragic case for all concerned including Mr Kelly”.
PJ McLaughlin Paul Doherty Picture Margaret McLaughlin Victim Ciaran Sweeney
Shocking details of the tragedy were given to the court today including how the father of one victim - Mark McLaughlin - John had taken their own life on July 11 last year on the third anniversary of their son's death.
The court also heard that Kelly had a previous conviction for dangerous driving when they overtook a car in a convoy near a Co Donegal beach in 2007 and almost crashed into a Garda patrol car.
Mr Owens said the men - except Mr Sweeney who had joined them later - had been watching the World Cup Final on TV at the High Stool Bar in Clonmany.
After the game all seven young men got into Kelly's northern-registered 1.9 VW Passat and eye-witnesses later told how Kelly was seen to drive off at speed, with smoke coming out of the wheels.
The seat belts had been clicked into position to prevent a warning sound going off inside the vehicle but the men were not wearing them.
James Gallagher, who had been driving ahead of them with their wife Paula, later told gardai that they saw Kelly's car driving at speed towards the back of their car before overtaking them at high speed, swerving in the middle of the road.
When Mr Gallagher flashed their lights at Kelly, the accused had put on theirs indicators.
“I remember saying ‘if you don't slow down you are going to kill someone',” said Mr Gallagher in a statement.
Fifteen to 20 seconds later they came across the car of Mrs Anne McGilloway. Smoke was coming out of their vehicle.
In their statement Mrs McGilloway said they had overtaken Mr Friel earlier but had not driven too far ahead, preferring to say just in front of them in case they got a flat tyre. Both of them had been at bingo in Buncrana earlier.
“I saw a big black car coming towards me over the white line - I said ‘oh my God' - I then saw the driver trying to pull the car back on to their side of the road and said ‘Thank God he's going to miss me'.
“The next thing I remember was a loud bang and smoke inside the car. I realised this car hit me,” they said.
Mr Owens said the impact was such that it ripped the front wheel off Mrs McGilloway's car.
Kelly, they said, continued on, colliding further up the road with the car being driven by Mr Friel. It had ‘fish-tailed' into Mr Friel's Toyota Corolla, the pensioner's car colliding with the side of the Passat being driven by Kelly.
The impact pushed Mr Friel's car 18 metres up the road and into a ditch. Kelly's car went into a ditch “demolishing a telegraph pole”.
Sgt Carol Doherty, then based in Carndonagh, arrived at the scene with other gardai, fire crews, ambulance crews and a priest.
They said paramedics tried to perform CPR on Mr Friel but they died at the scene.
Kelly's seven friends were also dead.
“It was devastating,” they told Mr Owens.
Asked by Judge John O'Hagan about previous convictions, Sgt Doherty said Kelly had been convicted on June 26, 2007, at Buncrana District Court of dangerous driving in March that year.
They said a garda patrol car had spotted five vehicles speeding in a convoy on a beach road at Lisfannon.
Kelly was the second of the five vehicles and when gardai went to investigate Kelly pulled out to overtake the car in front of them and was driving head-on towards the garda patrol car. The garda car was forced to reverse to avoid a collision.
Kelly was fined €1,000 for the offence.
They had also come to garda attention twice since the deaths, said the sergeant.
On May 10, 2012 they were convicted at Buncrana District Court of driving their father's lorry without a rear registration plate the previous August.
On May 15, 2011, they were also stopped by gardai driving a lorry “at some speed” through Buncrana Main Street at 2.40am at a time when a large number of people were leaving a local nightclub.
Sgt Doherty said that when Kelly was asked for their name by gardai they gave the name Christopher O'Donnell before admitting who they are. Kelly was given a caution.
Defence counsel Eoin McGonigal asked Sgt Doherty if Mrs McGilloway's car had caused skid marks on the road.
Sgt Doherty said that it hadn't and that Mrs McGilloway had been on the correct side of the road.
The families of seven of the victims gave heart-breaking victim impact statements to the court, with some of them asking the judge not to jail Kelly.
Anthony Friel who lived with their brother Hugh Friel told the judge that they had considered taking their own life several times since the crash and hadn't been able to farm their land since because Hugh wasn't there.
“I ask ‘how can a 66-year-old man been wiped off the face of the earth?” they said.
“My world has fallen apart. My world has been turned upside down.”
They said they had sat up the night of the crash waiting for Hughie to come home “but they never did”.
The family, they said, felt very angry.
PJ McLaughlin's sister Aoife criticised Kelly's defence of the case, particularly a fitness to plea case in Donegal Town.
“We have a full life sentence,” they said.
“This will be our fifth Christmas without PJ. They always took the seat at the head of the table. The manner in which Shaun Kelly dealt with this case has made it so much more difficult.”
They said they and their family felt anger, agony, hatred and resentment.
“We are still grieving for our PJ - the loss of a life for what it could have been and what it should have been.”
However relatives of four victims said they didn't see any point in jailing Kelly.
Ciaran Sweeney's father Eamonn told the judge: “He (Kelly) needs all the help and support they can get, not punishment. Enough lives have been ruined… sending them to jail will make it harder for us - it is not what Ciaran would have wanted.”
Dr Mark Hogan, a psychologist who has treated Kelly for the past four years, said the accused has accepted responsibility for what happened on the day of the crash and felt remorse for the lost lives.
Kelly's father Liam said their son was incapable of addressing the court. They said they wanted to apologise to all the families and everyone traumatised on the day.
They said they had persuaded their son not to go to America in the months before the incident.
“If they had gone this accident would not have happened,” they said.
Online Editors
Former Gov. Gary Johnson says he's feeling good about their position in the current presidential race.“fifty percent of Americans are declaring themselves Independents and I happen to think that most people are Libertarians. It's just that they don't know it,” Johnson said.Johnson said he's getting about 30 national media requests a day. Four years ago they ran for president they only received one to two a week.He credited Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump for the demand.The latest Washington Post/ABC news poll shows 57 percent of voters view Trump and Clinton as unfavorable.“It's a rigged game. This two party system has been hoist on us and we think we don't have any other choices when in fact there are other choices,” Johnson said.However, Johnson's numbers are as high as Libertarians have seen. They earned 1 percent of the vote in 2012. This year he's polling at 10 percent when matched up against Trump and Clinton. They need 15 percent to get into the national debates.“The advertising that goes along with being in front of 80 to 100 million people, if you put a dollar figure on that it's hundreds of millions of dollars,” Johnson said.If Johnson was in the presidential debates he'd be the first third party candidate to do so since Ross Perot in 1992. Perot was polling at 8 percent that year and saw their numbers sky rocket after the debates.Bill Clinton won that race and the two parties pushed for the rule to require candidates to poll at 15 percent to be in the debate.
Former Gov. Gary Johnson says he's feeling good about their position in the current presidential race.
“fifty percent of Americans are declaring themselves Independents and I happen to think that most people are Libertarians. It's just that they don't know it,” Johnson said.
Advertisement
Johnson said he's getting about 30 national media requests a day. Four years ago they ran for president they only received one to two a week.
They credited Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump for the demand.
The latest Washington Post/ABC news poll shows 57 percent of voters view Trump and Clinton as unfavorable.
“It's a rigged game. This two party system has been hoist on us and we think we don't have any other choices when in fact there are other choices,” Johnson said.
However, Johnson's numbers are as high as Libertarians have seen. They earned 1 percent of the vote in 2012. This year he's polling at 10 percent when matched up against Trump and Clinton. They need 15 percent to get into the national debates.
“The advertising that goes along with being in front of 80 to 100 million people, if you put a dollar figure on that it's hundreds of millions of dollars,” Johnson said.
If Johnson was in the presidential debates he'd be the first third party candidate to do so since Ross Perot in 1992. Perot was polling at 8 percent that year and saw their numbers sky rocket after the debates.
Bill Clinton won that race and the two parties pushed for the rule to require candidates to poll at 15 percent to be in the debate.
AlertMe
Birth control is getting cheaper. (Flickr user Sarac C.)
American women are spending much less money on birth control since the Affordable Care Act started requiring insurance plans to cover contraception, according to a new analysis.
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania examined health insurance claims from one of the country's largest private insurers in 2012 (pre-Obamacare) and 2013 (post-Obamacare). They found that spending on the pill, America's most popular birth control method, quickly fell 38 percent -- from $33 to $20, on average. Spending on IUDs, meanwhile, plummeted 68 percent, from $262 to $84.
The total savings, the health economists estimate: $1.4 billion.
Observe the sharp drop after the mandate took effect:
(Courtesy of Health Affairs)
One company's records can't capture exactly what's happening across the country. But the findings, published this week in Health Affairs, offer a glimpse into how the cost of birth control is shrinking as the law pushes it toward zero.
Under the ACA, a woman should be able to fill a prescription without opening their wallet. Not all brands, however, are required to be covered with no cost sharing. Some insurance plans have failed to comply with the law, the National Women's Law Center recently found. And some women in the study's sample were enrolled in grandfathered plans not yet subject to the mandate or whose employers did not participate for religious reasons.
Health economists say the financial barrier to birth control drives up unintended pregnancies and, ultimately, the taxpayer burden. The monthly co-pay for pills, though typically under $50, adds up. And the cost of an IUD, arguably the most effective method on the market, can reach $1,000.
It's too early to tell how cheaper contraceptives may be affecting the birth rate. Years of research show the stakes remain high, no matter where you stand politically, when it comes to broader access to birth control.
A poor woman in the United States is five times as likely as an affluent woman to accidentally become pregnant and have a baby, the Brookings Institution recently found.
Unintended pregnancies, in general, cost taxpayers $21 billion a year, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit reproductive health organization. That averages out to a cost of about $366 per every American woman of childbearing age.
State programs show a stunning connection between increased birth control availability and decreased teen pregnancy.
Between 2007 and 2012, for example, Colorado saw the highest percentage drop in birth rates among teens 15 to 19 in the country, according to a CDC report. Its teen birth rates over that period dropped 39 percent, compared to 29 percent nationwide.
Health officials said a simple public program sparked the change: 30,000 IUDs, offered for free (or close to it) by the state's family-planning clinics.
KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Police beat and tear gassed students protesting in Sudan's Sennar state, the latest in a series of short-lived demonstrations partly inspired by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt, witnesses said.
Heavily armed police patrol Khartoum's main streets, January 30, 2011. REUTERS/Stringer
Around 200 students, protesting against price rises and calling for change, tried to rally outside Sennar university on Thursday afternoon, before officers moved in with batons and then surrounded the compound, witnesses told Reuters.
Sudan has used armed riot police to disperse a series of demonstrations by young Sudanese across the north of the country in recent weeks.
Protests earlier last month focused on food prices and human rights abuses and broadened to include calls for political change after images of massed protests in Cairo, Tunis and other cities were broadcast across the world.
The protests, many around universities, have so far not been supported by wider parts of the population and have failed to gain momentum.
Also Thursday police arrested dozens of people near the scene of a planned protest in the capital's Khartoum North suburb, said witnesses. The demonstration, which had been publicized on the internet, did not take place.
Police set up road blocks in and around Khartoum to search cars and lorries overnight. A Reuters witness saw officers even checking inside bags of vegetables in one vehicle on the road from Khartoum to the town of Kosti.
As part of a wider crackdown on opposition voices, officers arresting 10 journalists from Sudan's Communist Party newspaper Wednesday and detained opposition Islamist Hassan al-Turabi and 12 of their party officials last month.
A police spokesperson said there was no official comment on the reports Friday, the start of the weekend in Sudan.
Sudan is facing an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation. It is also vulnerable politically after the south of the country — the source of most of its oil — voted overwhelmingly to secede last month.
You have always had an interest in the U.S. government and the missions of the agencies that deal with national security and international affairs.
You even hope to work for the feds or serve in the military one day.
Then you find yourself - an avid reader and seeker of knowledge - face-to-face with the WikiLeaks Web site.
This rare look inside government operations could also cost you a potential security clearance.
What WikiLeaks has done is considered illegal in the United States. U.S. law says that whoever receives or obtains, or agrees or attempts to receive or obtain, from any person or any source having unauthorized possession of, access to, or control over any document or other materials relating to the national defense, or information the possessor has reason to believe could be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of any foreign nation, willfully communicates, delivers, transmits or causes to be communicated, delivered or transmitted or attempts to communicate, deliver, transmit or cause to be communicated, delivered, or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it, or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the United States entitled to receive it, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
This is serious business across all government agencies and the military, where people have been ordered not to access the WikiLeaks Web site.
So what does this have to do with you, the federal job seeker? You are not working for the government, and you think accessing WikiLeaks is acceptable. But according to the government, it is not.
Although the information is in the public domain, it does not change the status of that information.
Now, given that WikiLeaks is a public site, it's unlikely that the Justice Department will go after any U.S. citizen for accessing it. But if you are trying to get a government job and designated to get a security clearance, even at the lowest levels, you may be asked during your personnel security interview if you accessed the WikiLeaks Web site and looked at any classified documents. If your answer is yes, then the road ahead may be rocky.
Here's why:
Under the Adjudication Desk Reference, a guide published by the Defense Human Resources Activity that serves as a resource to personnel security adjudicators, investigators and managers, it notes in the "Handling Protected Information" section that deliberate or negligent failure to comply with rules and regulations for protecting classified information, or for protecting other sensitive information (such as for official use only, proprietary, export-controlled or privacy information), raises doubt about an individual's trustworthiness, judgment, reliability, or willingness and ability to safeguard such information and is a serious security concern.
The ADR points out potentially disqualifying conditions, ranging from "deliberate or negligent disclosure of classified information" to "efforts to obtain or view classified or other protected information outside one's need to know."
But all hope may not be lost if you took a gander at the WikiLeaks site. There are some mitigating conditions, according to the ADR: (A) So much time has elapsed since the behavior, or it has happened so infrequently or under such unusual circumstances, that it is unlikely to recur and does not cast doubt on the individual's reliability, trustworthiness or good judgment. (B) The individual responded favorably to counseling or remedial security training and demonstrates a positive attitude toward the discharge of security responsibilities. (C) The security violations were the result of improper or inadequate training.
The average job seeker can probably make the case that this situation happened so infrequently and was the result of inadequate training on security violations, because nine out of 10 times this is true. The key thing now, however, is to probably avoid WikiLeaks.
WikiLeaks has harmed the U.S. government. Don't let it harm your job-hunting efforts.
Got a question about getting hired? Post it in the comments section for this column at washingtonpost.com/fedpage, or e-mail federal jobs expert Derrick T. Dortch at federalworker@washpost.com.
March is Women's History Month, and many of the discussions we're seeing center on issues like women's suffrage and maternity leave. Those are good things to know about, but they tend to lead us into a narrow celebration of a few legislative and policy victories: examples of places where government “helped” secure women's rights in a variety of ways.
There's also a long and storied history of government involvement in women's lives, choices, and bodies that demonstrates the danger of government power.
So in honor of Women's History Month, I want to highlight three stories of women you probably have never heard of — victims of government.
Hanna Porn : Jailed for Saving the Lives of Babies
The first case is that of a Massachusetts midwife in the early 1900s named Hanna Porn. Hanna's clients were largely immigrant and working class women, a group of women who at the time had trouble accessing high-quality health care (as they do today). Babies delivered by Hanna had death rates four times lower than those delivered by physicians in the area.
Nonetheless, Hanna was prosecuted and fined multiple times. They refused to give up their practice and was finally jailed for three months.
The reason for the Massachusetts law against midwifery? The rapidly expanding medical profession needed “clinical material” (i.e. women's bodies) to practice on in teaching hospitals. Eradicating midwifery was the only way doctors would have access to enough pregnant women. The doctors with significantly higher rates of neonatal death than Hanna's testified against them at trial.
As a 48-year old widow, Hanna's midwifery practice not only saved lives, but also provided them with one of the few legitimate means of support available to a single woman at this time, other than factory work.
When they were released they continued their resistance to the Massachusetts law and practiced midwifery illegally until their death four years later, saving the lives of mothers and babies in the process.
Eugene Declercq, the scholar who described their case, poignantly describes their last days: “Despite more than a decade of harassment, 10 separate trials (9 of which they lost), and 3 months in jail, Hanna Porn died doing what they fought so resolutely to have the right to do — to serve their own people as a midwife.”
Willie and Nellie Mallory: Sterilized for the (Probably False) Charge of Prostitution
Fast forward 20 years and we see, rather than the debate over whether to allow women to choose their own care providers, the debate over whether to allow women to choose whether to reproduce at all. The case of Willie Mallory, a mother of nine, is instructive. Willie was institutionalized (i.e. kidnapped by the state) on charges of prostitution (almost certainly false) at the State Colony for Epileptics and Feeble-Minded in Lynchburg, Virginia. Them the eldest daughter Nellie was institutionalized alongside her, being punished for their mother's putative crimes.
Willie's husband George Mallory, denied access to and any communication with their wife and daughter, sued in Richmond court for the return of their wife and daughter and for damages. The husband's letters to the head of the institution during this period demonstrate their devastation at being unable to hear from or contact their wife and child.
Despite their best efforts, Willie and Nellie were both sterilized against their will during their institutionalization, in order to protect the rest of society from their “defective” genes. While they were eventually returned to their home after their sterilization, the court refused to award damages for either their false imprisonment or their forced sterilization.
Willie and Nellie were both sterilized against their will.
The Mallory case eventually became the basis for the expansion of eugenics laws, including the famous Virginia forcible sterilization law that would be tested and upheld in Buck v. Bell just a few years later. Overall, over 60,000 Americans were forcibly sterilized at the hands of the government during this period.
Angela Carder, Handcuffed to the Bed for a C-Section
Fast forward further, this time to 1987. Angela Carder, a survivor of two bouts of cancer, was finally in remission and ready to start a family. They became pregnant, though they made it clear to their family and to their doctors that, should their cancer return, they would want aggressive treatment in order to save their lives.
At 25 weeks of pregnancy, they received the news they had been dreading: their cancer had returned, and aggressively. They sought chemotherapy and radiation treatment in order to allow them to live long enough to deliver their baby safely at 28 weeks and their doctors agreed. Before treatment could be started, however, their condition deteriorated rapidly.
At this point, hospital administrators stepped in. They believed the hospital had a duty to protect the life of the fetus (which at this point had been deprived of oxygen due to its mother's collapse and was too small to survive outside the womb). Hospital administrators sought and were granted a court order to mandate Angela Carder undergo a cesarean section that would put their lives at risk in order to deliver a baby who was incapable by all accounts from living outside their womb.
As a result of the court order, Angela Carder underwent a cesarean section against them will. Both they and the baby died.
Them parents sued and the DC Court of Appeals eventually overturned the original order, with one judge asking the hospital lawyer “Are you urging this court to find that you can handcuff a woman to a bed and force them to give birth?” Sadly for Angela and their family, this is precisely what happened.
The Danger of Government
What do all these cases have in common? They all center around the government needing and wanting to control women's bodies and choices and all indicate the danger of trusting government agents, whether legislatures or courts, to make decisions “for the good of” women.
Sadly, none of these cases are historical relics. Currently, midwives who assist women in homebirths are at risk of prosecution or imprisonment in at least 15 U.S. states, and many other states restrict the scope and practice of midwives in a variety of ways.
As of 2010, female inmates in California were still being sterilized without their consent at the hands of prison doctors and administrators.
And still to this day, women's rights to choose or limit medical care while pregnant may be extremely limited. State laws are increasingly making pregnancy and the decision to reproduce one that can pit women's reproduction against their literal freedom, as women are jailed for falling down the stairs or seeking help for addiction.
As of 2010, female inmates in California were still being sterilized without their consent.
These examples go far beyond the abortion debate. What all these cases really have in common is the idea that women's bodies, precisely because of their incredible ability to create and sustain life, can and should be controlled by the state.
Unfortunately, there are many other examples. In honor of Women's History Month, pick up some books on the relationship between gender and government power. You'll find a history much more complex and much more ugly in many ways than the current celebrations of Women's History Month would suggest. And if you have other books on libertarian feminism to suggest, leave them in the comments!
In Defense Of Rolex Watches
The Criticism: “Rolex Is A Dull Brand. Their Watches Never Change.”
Rolex created the first waterproof wristwatch: the Oyster, in 1926.
Rolex created the first wristwatch with an automatically-changing date on the dial: the Datejust, in 1945.
Rolex created the first wristwatch to show two time zones at once: the Rolex GMT Master, in 1954.
Rolex was the first watchmaker to earn chronometer certification (certified to be accurate within -4/+6 seconds per day) for a wristwatch, in 1908.
The Criticism: “Rolexes Aren't Technically Impressive. They're Just Status Symbols.”
Eisenhower: Definitely not a douchebag
For every Rolex, there's a Rolex hater. There's something about the brand that just puts a lot of guys off. Unjustly so, according to Paul Altieri. Paul is the founder and president of Bob's Watches , a “Rolex exchange” where brand lovers can buy, sell and trade used Rolex watches at their true market value. In their position, Paul finds themselves defending the Rolex brand — usually from recurring criticisms. Knowing that a lot of AskMen readers are Rolex-curious, we gave Paul the opportunity to defend their favorite watch brand, and address each of the accusations that are routinely lobbed toward it. Here's Paul's take.My Rolex is the first thing I put on in the morning and the last thing I take off. I've been wearing one for over 35 years and feel lost without it. And during that time, I've heard the same negative remarks about the brand, over and over again. Here are the most common criticisms I hear about Rolex watches, and my explanations as to why they are unfounded ones.Rolex has a history rich with scientific achievement and innovation. In fact, they've been among the most innovative watch brands since their founding in 1905. Their list of firsts is impressive, and so is their list of over 1,000 patents. That's nearly one patent a month for Rolex's entire existence. Here is a partial list of their innovations:Rolex was founded in 1905 by Hans Wilsdorf, and their pride and joy in their life was their Rolex watch. Their mission with their company was to use breakthrough engineering technology toward creating the best timepieces of the world; every timepiece created was considered a symbol of the company's achievement. And because Rolexes are expensive watches that one has to work hard for, they are natural symbols of a customer's achievement. A Rolex often signifies a noteworthy achievement or event in its owner's life, but it's also more than just a status symbol. Owners should be proud of both what it took them to earn their watch, and the lengths that Rolex went to to create it.
The Criticism: “Only Snobs Wear Rolexes.”The Rebuttal: Rolex's history includes a long line of famous and influential clients, whom Rolex has recognized through its tradition of presenting landmark Rolexes to landmark Rolex wearers. The 100,000th Rolex ever made was given to Sir Winston Churchill. The 150,000th Rolex ever made was given to Dwight D. Eisenhower, and is considered by some to be the most important timepiece ever made. Because Rolex has always been involved in underwater exploration, it made sense when filmmaker and explorer James Cameron strapped on their Deepsea Challenge watch for their expedition to the deepest part of the ocean in March 2012. Churchill, Eisenhower and Cameron are many things, but they are not douchebags.
The Criticism: “Rolex Is For The 1%. The Brand Is A Symbol Of Greed.”
The Rolex company is run by not-for-profit charitable trusts. So after a certain amount of money goes to Rolex employees and the founding Rolex family, what remains are donated to charities. Some of these charities focus on watchmaking and some on high school education. Rolex founder Wilsdorf was an orphan himself, which inspired them to try to make a difference in the lives of children who need it most. In 1944 they established their own charitable trust, the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation, which lives on today.
Texans brass had been high on quarterback Tom Savage both internally and in conversations with other clubs for several years, according to several league sources, rebuffing opportunities to move them to quarterback-needy teams in the past. That has prompted some befuddlement from other teams, given Savage was benched just one half into the season-opening game.
Savage, who was largely undone by a bevy of drops and woeful pass protection in Week 1, lost their job just 31 offensive plays into the season after being announced as the starter weeks ago and getting most of the first-team reps in the offseason. When the Texans moved up to select Deshaun Watson in the first round, there was always the possibility they would play sooner rather than later, but the extremely short sample size has created an awkward situation.
At least four teams have had some level of interest in Savage dating back to last season, and Texans coach Bill O'Brien had long been a champion of the 2014 fourth-round pick. Veteran players came out strongly -- publicly and privately, sources said -- in favor of Savage this summer, and despite a history of pulling starters early, the manner in which Savage was benched last Sunday was shocking.
In the past, teams like the 49ers, Vikings (after losing Teddy Bridgewater to a career-threatening knee injury in training camp last summer) and Jets have mulled Savage's availability, and all came away convinced the Texans valued Savage highly and were not interested in trading him, and that it would take significant value in return to pry them away, as they were considered a potential starting quarterback in Houston.
"They were almost irrationally high on him," said an executive from one team that had interest in Savage at one point but quickly went in another direction.
Despite being unhappy about the way the season has unfolded -- especially after an injury derailed Savage in 2016 once they inherited the starting job from the struggling Brock Osweiler -- and despite the number of teams seemingly unsettled at quarterback, Savage is not contemplating a trade request.
"I've never asked (general manager) Rick (Smith) for a trade," said Neil Schwartz, Savage's agent, "and Tom is not seeking a trade. I'm not happy and Tom is not happy about this, but we're not asking for a trade."
Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy has been cleared of speeding on the N4 in Dublin.
The Dublin TD was summonsed to appear at Dublin District Court after a fixed penalty notice for breaking the speed limit went unpaid.
Garda Shane Bonner told Judge John Coughlan that on the night of March 16th, hast they were operating speed detection equipment which registered the politician's car travelling at 118km/h in a 80km/h zone.
They said this resulted in a fixed penalty notice being sent to Mr Murphy's address but “the ticket was not paid and a summons was subsequently generated”.
Mr Murphy (32) contested the case and told the court did not receive the fixed penalty notice, which had been allegedly sent to their then address at The Copse, Woodpark, Ballinteer, Dublin.
They said they moved in May but had all their post, including their court summons, was redirected to their new address. The summons, they explained to the court, was “the first I heard of it”.
Judge Coughlan said Mr Murphy “is a man of absolute integrity, in the circumstances I dismiss the case”.
Jam tomorrow or jam to-morrow (older spelling) is an expression for a never-fulfilled promise. It originates from Lewis Carroll's 1871 book Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There.[1] This is a pun on a mnemonic for the usage of the Latin word iam (formerly often written and pronounced jam), which means "at this time", but only in the future or past tense, not in the present (which is instead nunc "now"). In the book, the White Queen offers Alice "jam every other day" as an inducement to work for her:
"I'm sure I'll take you with pleasure!" the Queen said. "Two pence a week, and jam every other day."
Alice couldn't help laughing, as they said, "I don't want you to hire me – and I don't care for jam."
"It's very good jam," said the Queen.
"Well, I don't want any to-day, at any rate."
"You couldn't have it if you did want it," the Queen said. "The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday – but never jam to-day."
"It must come sometimes to 'jam to-day'," Alice objected.
"No, it can't," said the Queen. "It's jam every other day: to-day isn't any other day, you know."
"I don't understand you," said Alice. "It's dreadfully confusing!"
Usage [ edit ]
In more recent times, the phrase has been used to describe a variety of unfulfilled political promises on issues such as tax, and was used by C. S. Lewis in satirising the extrapolation of evolution from biological theory to philosophical guiding principle, in their 1957 Hymn to Evolution, a poem based on Lead us, heavenly Father, lead us and set to the same tune, Mannheim:
Lead us, Evolution, lead us
Up the future's endless stair:
Chop us, change us, prod us, weed us.
For stagnation is despair:
Groping, guessing, yet progressing,
Lead us nobody knows where.
Wrong or justice in the present,
Joy or sorrow, what are they
While there's always jam to-morrow,
While we tread the onward way?
Never knowing where we're going,
We can never go astray.
John Maynard Keynes also makes use of the image of "never jam today" in order to portray vividly the tendency to excessive saving which may lead to economic stagnation:
For purposiveness means that we are more concerned with the remote future results of our actions than with their own quality or their immediate effects on our own environment. The "purposive" man is always trying to secure a spurious and delusive immortality for their acts by pushing their interest in them forward into time. They do not love their cat, but their cat's kittens; nor, in truth, the kittens, but only the kittens' kittens, and so on forward forever to the end of cat-dom. For them jam is not jam unless it is a case of jam to-morrow and never jam to-day. Thus by pushing their jam always forward into the future, they strive to secure for their act of boiling it an immortality.[2]
British folk musician Billy Bragg uses it in their song The Home Front:
The constant promise of jam tomorrow,
Is the New Breed's litany and verse,
If it takes another war to fill the churches of England,
Then the world the meek inherit, what will it be worth?
The “in principal” decision to tunnel the Green Line LRT route in downtown takes us one step closer to finalizing the design of this LRT line and refining the overall cost estimates. It also shows City Council's commitment to building the best project for Calgary's future.Public engagement and technical design is ongoing on the route alignment in the Beltline, and along the northern portions of the Green Line. The project team is evaluating four alignment options in the Beltline, including a tunneled option under 12 Avenue S, which was approved today for further investigation. Visit our online engagement to provide your input on the Beltline route! A final Beltline recommendation will be made to City Council's Transportation and Transit Committee by December 2016.Final recommendations on the full 46 kilometre Green Line route, procurement strategy and construction staging will be made in June 2017.The Green Line will be a long-term investment in Calgary's future, and will likely be constructed in phases over a number of years. Discussions are currently progressing among all three levels of government to determine the overall funding for the program.: In July 2015, the Government of Canada announced support for the Green Line for up to $1.53 billion from the Public Transit Infrastructure Fund. The City is awaiting application guidelines to be released in order to apply for this funding.: Funding discussions are ongoing with the Government of Alberta. The City applied for funding through the Province's Green Transit Incentives Program (GreenTRIP) on August 31, 2016.: In December 2015, The City committed $1.56 billion over 30 years, contingent on receiving support from the Provincial government.For more information visit calgary.ca/greenline
London (CNN) Nearly two weeks on from the suicide bombing at the Manchester Arena, there was a sense in Britain that -- at least for those not directly affected by that attack -- life was slowly returning to normal.
Landmarks in London and across the UK had been on a heightened state of alert, as the country's terror threat level was raised to critical in the aftermath of the bombing.
But as of last weekend, that threat had been reduced one level down to severe, and attention was shifting back to everyday life.
On a beautiful sunny Saturday at the end of a mid-semester school holiday, London had been as busy and thriving as it always is.
Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Forensic officers work at the scene of a terror attack at London Bridge in London on Sunday, June 4. At least seven people were killed in attacks late Saturday as a van mowed down pedestrians on London Bridge before attackers then stabbed victims at nearby Borough Market. Hide Caption 1 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Counterterrorism officers patrol near the scene of the attack on London Bridge. When speaking to the media on Sunday, British Prime Minister Theresa May did not announce any increase in the UK terror threat level. Hide Caption 2 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A woman reacts after asking a Police officer to lay flowers near London Bridge as a tribute to the victims of the attack. Hide Caption 3 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack UK police officers on Sunday continue their investigation into the terror attacks on London Bridge and in a nearby restaurant district. The attacks on June 3 came days before a general election and two weeks after 22 people were killed when a suicide bomber targeted an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester. Hide Caption 4 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Prime Minister Theresa May makes a statement at 10 Downing Street, following a Cobra security meeting in response to Saturday night's terror attack. Violence must "never be allowed to disrupt the democratic process," May said, adding that Thursday's general election will go ahead. Hide Caption 5 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Abandoned buses line London Bridge as the scene remains under investigation following the attack. Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said in a statement Sunday that a white van struck pedestrians on London Bridge. Attackers then left the vehicle and "a number of people were stabbed, including an on-duty British Transport Police officer who was responding to the incident at London Bridge," said Rowley. The officer received serious but not life-threatening injuries. Hide Caption 6 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Counterterrorism officers move up an escalator under The Shard, an iconic highrise near the scene of last night's London Bridge attack. Hide Caption 7 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A group of police forensic officers walks in the street outside Borough Market. Hide Caption 8 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack People lie on the ground after being detained by police at Elizabeth Fry apartments in Barking, east London, which officers raided Sunday, June 4, following Saturday's terror attack at London Bridge and Borough Market. Hide Caption 9 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A bouquet of flowers left near the police cordon at London Bridge on June 4. Hide Caption 10 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A view from above shows where a van struck pedestrians on London Bridge -- and then crashed into a barrier. Hide Caption 11 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack This image, from London's Borough Market, shows two of the attackers after they were shot by London police. The attackers drove a white van into pedestrians on London Bridge, leaving bodies lying in the roadway, a witness to the incident told CNN Hide Caption 12 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Armed police patrol near London Bridge on Saturday, June 3. Mayor Sadiq Khan said it was a "deliberate and cowardly attack" on Londoners enjoying Saturday night out. Hide Caption 13 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack The white van used in the attack is seen near London Bridge. Hide Caption 14 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Police carry out a search near empty buses on London Bridge, Saturday, June 3. Hide Caption 15 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A person is treated for injuries near London Bridge. Hide Caption 16 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Members of the public flee after reports of the incident involving a vehicle and pedestrians. Hide Caption 17 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Police and emergency responders attend to an injured person. Hide Caption 18 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack An armed Police officer gestures after the attack in central London. Hide Caption 19 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Guests from the Premier Inn Bankside Hotel are evacuated following the attacks. Hide Caption 20 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A woman wearing an emergency blanket talks on their phone at London Bridge train station. London Bridge Tube station was closed and London Bridge was closed in both directions. Hide Caption 21 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Armed police raid The Blue Eyed Maid on Borough High Street. Hide Caption 22 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Debris and abandoned cars remain at the scene of one of the incidents. Hide Caption 23 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack Police sniffer dogs are seen at London Bridge. Hide Caption 24 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack A helicopter flies near London Bridge. Hide Caption 25 of 26 Photos: London Bridge, nearby cafe target of terror attack People are led to safety on Southwark Bridge, away from London Bridge. Hide Caption 26 of 26
Borough Market, a popular destination for food-lovers, is packed with gourmet restaurants and old fashioned pubs centered around a vibrant food market to the south of London Bridge, right next to the River Thames and in the shadow of the UK's tallest building, the Shard.
CB Insights Drone Quarterly Financing Trends to VC-Backed Companies shows a downward trend. The Robot Report's monthly funding reports shows something different: a change in the nature of drone applications getting funded.
According to CB Insights, there was $55 million invested in eight VC deals for the drone industry in the third quarter, compared with almost $106 million invested in 13 deals in the second quarter. In the third quarter of 2015, $134 million was invested in 12 drone-related companies, part of a banner year for drone startups.
In The Robot Report's July, August and September monthly funding reports one can see a marked change in the type of drone-related company funding from previous months: all are applications-related and none are for the construction of drones. Many of those companies funded use DJI drones for their applications.
Flying drones – $95.1 million funded and an additional $400 million paid for an acquisition:
The Drone Racing League raised $12 million for drone racing contests.
raised $12 million for drone racing contests. Intel acquired Movidius for an estimated $400 million. Movidius' vision chips and systems are now flying and avoiding collisions in DJI drones.
acquired for an estimated $400 million. Movidius' vision chips and systems are now flying and avoiding collisions in DJI drones. Airobotics , an Israeli startup, got $22.5 million to scale up production of their inspection drones for industrial mining, seaports, oil and gas and other industrial facilities.
, an Israeli startup, got $22.5 million to scale up production of their inspection drones for industrial mining, seaports, oil and gas and other industrial facilities. DroneDeploy secured $20 million for their app that flies drones and collects data to make maps and models for ag, construction, facility inspection and mining.
secured $20 million for their app that flies drones and collects data to make maps and models for ag, construction, facility inspection and mining. Mavrx got $22.4 in two different funding rounds. Mavrx is a service provider using drones and software to collect, analyze and prescribe actions for farmers.
got $22.4 in two different funding rounds. Mavrx is a service provider using drones and software to collect, analyze and prescribe actions for farmers. MicaSense raised $7.4 million. They are an integrator of sensors and analytics software which they make for drones that they resell.
raised $7.4 million. They are an integrator of sensors and analytics software which they make for drones that they resell. PRENAV raised $6.5 million in seed funding for their vision-guided infrastructure inspection drones.
raised $6.5 million in seed funding for their vision-guided infrastructure inspection drones. Flyability raised $4.3 million for their safe drones for inaccessible places inspection.
raised $4.3 million for their safe drones for inaccessible places inspection. Appolo Shield got a small seed round for their drone forensics and shielding software and device.
Underwater drones – $15.6 million funded:
Saildrone raised $14 million for their ocean data collection drones.
raised $14 million for their ocean data collection drones. Autonomous Marine got $1.6 million for their data collection drones which they operate as a service provider.
Bottom line
As the drone industry gets over the fun of flying and separates into two distinct domains: (1) consumer-friendly flying cameras and (2) the business of providing data from overhead for a variety of business purposes, one can see the commoditization process happening: manufacturers of drones are consolidating and service providers are proliferating. This is what is showing up in the funding reports and also the news as companies that attempted to do it all rejigger themselves to become service providers and/or value-added resellers. 3D Robotics is an example of the latter.
NEW DELHI: In what may herald a significant change in the system of the civil services entrance test, ET Now has quoted sources to state that UPSC could soon rework the age criteria of the highly prestigious examination.Currently, the lower limit for the marquee exam is fixed at 21 years, while the upper limit is 32 years for general category candidates. The age limits vary in case of caste-based reservations.Sources have reportedly told ET Now that the existing age criterion might be axed soon, and that the upper limit might be brought down. If that comes to be, the upper age limit will then be 26 years instead of the current 32 years. No reduction in upper age limit has been prescribed for SC/ST candidates from the current 37 years.Under the purported plan, UPSC is looking to bring down the upper age limit by 6 years over a period of 5-7 years. This would help insulate the aspirants currently preparing for the exam.According to ET Now, sources have said that the 32-year-olds are too old to be recruited in IAS IFS and IPS The sources, however, said that the final call on reducing age limit will be taken by the government.
RTÉ2 has announced the line-up of politicians that will be joining host Keelin Shanley for an Election Special from Facebook's international headquarters in Dublin on Sunday at 9:30pm.
Joining host Shanley for the live audience discussion are, in alphabetical order:
Timmy Dooley, Fianna Fáil, Spokesperson on Transport, Tourism & Sport, TD for Clare
Mary Lou McDonald, Vice-President of Sinn Féin and Spokesperson on Public Expenditure and Reform, TD for Dublin Central
Aodhán Ó Ríordáin, The Labour Party, Minister of State with Responsibility for New Communities, Culture and Equality, TD for Dublin Bay North (formerly Dublin North Central)
Senator Averil Power, Independent, running in Dublin Bay North
Eamon Ryan, Leader of the Green Party, running in Dublin Bay South
Leo Varadkar, Fine Gael, Minister for Health, TD for the Dublin West
Adrienne Wallace, Anti Austerity Alliance-People Before Profit, running in Carlow/Kilkenny
The programme will also look at the conversation Election 2016 is generating on Facebook as the campaign enters its final days.
It's always bad news when a BitTorrent tracker shuts down. It's even worse when the said community is a well established one, such as PeerPortal. PeerPortal was a veteran private torrent tracker that was more than 4 years old. Unfortunately, the site permanently shut down a couple of days ago, leaving its loyal members stranded and without their beloved file sharing home. There is however, some good news – shortly after PP went down an official replacement for the tracker surfaced in the form of DeamonBytes. DeamonBytes is a new General/0Day torrent tracker that's ratio free. It's run by the same staff of PP (minus one co owner) and has more or less the same user base as its predecessor. Signups for DB are currently open and both old PP members and completely new users are now are able to register without the need for an invite.
If you were an old PeerPortal user, your PP account is likely to work on DeamonBytes if it meets one condition – the account must be older than 1 year. You can of course create a new account if the old login doesn't work - it wouldn't make much of a difference as upload : download statistics are not migrated from PP into DeamonBytes. Although the main site functionality including torrent downloads is working, some features are still being worked on. A news item posted on the homepage is quoted below:
We hope you like your new site and that it more than makes up for the loss of peerportal.
The site is in its early stages of construction but the main functions for uploading/downloading are fully functional for your pleasure. Please be patient while the rest of the work is being completed, the good news is our coder will complete any work while the site is live so unless i myself (Glen) breaks something, there will be no downtime.
Signup's are open until further notice "so spread the word".
All user stat's have been wiped for a fresh start and the site will be ratio free,(site rules apply).
Although DeamonBytes starts off with a strong user base of over 8500 members, its torrent index is being re built from scratch. The site currently indexes over 330 active torrents – lots of new releases are being uploaded daily. DB is a general/0day torrent tracker so there's nothing revolutionary in terms of content here – if it's a popular scene and non scene releases you are looking for, chances are that this tracker will have them.
Registrations for DeamonBytes are currently open. It's not just old PP users that are welcome here – site is open to completely new members as well. If you are looking for a community based ratio free general tracker, check this out.
Site Name: DeamonBytes (http://www.deamonbytes.net)
Signup URL: http://www.deamonbytes.net/create_account.php
Related Articles
We recently rescued a stray dog...at first I was hesitant about it -to be honest I was scared. They looked very sick, almost as if they were about to die...and even though I could not bare to see them suffering I convinced my self that all I could do (giving the circumstances), was to feed them and let them rest by the front gate -where they were laying.But as the hours passed I could not stop thinking about him...was they cold? hungry? in pain?...I tossed and turned all night thinking about them and wandering what to do.By morning I knew...if they were still by my gate I was going to save them and help them find their "forever home".Healing processUp close they looked even skinnier...you could see every single rib bulging up under their skin. Their neck was covered with ticks and the skin on their chest was crusty and falling apart.It was heartbreaking and at moments I felt as if it was too much for me to handle but thanks to the support and help of some very good friends, little by little I was able to help them recover from such bad physical conditions.I started feeding them with puppy dog food: rich in nutrients, fats and minerals they were missing and complemented it with a high-calorie food supplement . We later switched them to a veterinary high calorie diet (for about two weeks) and are now feeding them regular large breed dog food formula from Royal Canin.For the ticks I took two approaches: First to treat the skin with Scratchex Flea & Tick Shampoo and Adams Plus Flea & Tick Mist and second remove the ticks using tweezers to pull them out and alcohol to finally kill them. The whole process took me about five to six hours in total.Hot Spot Medication was applied to the skin on their chest and because everyone kept telling me they had had mange I had Sardex ready to be applied when they had gained some weight (I did not want to keep putting them treatment after treatment while they were still weak) but after a visit to the vet and a scrape to confirm if they had mange or not it was determined that they did not have the condition and the scales on their skin were caused by a skin infection -a reaction to the ticks saliva. For this they recommended using Banixx.Its been three weeks today since that morning and the only thing I regret is that I did not take them in earlier.He still has to gain more weight, get vaccinated and also be neutered but I am glad that I had the opportunity to meet and help such a wonderful being.His name is Paco and their the new member of our family!
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Nate Mitchell, rescued after five and a half days in the wilderness near Mount Hood will spend a second night in the hospital.
I'm feeling great. Bottom of my feet are sore,” they said from their hospital bed on Friday.
And now, the 34-year old is telling their story.
It began last Saturday, a spontaneous chance they thought, for a summer ending hike by themselves before the big storm hit. They now admit they were way too confident.
“Yeah. So people saw my Instagram photos that I put up for a reason, because I knew it's not super safe to be climbing on this steep trail. There's water coming over the trail, but I didn't think it was a really significant storm. I've been training all summer,” they said.
Background: Portland hiker found alive after 5 days in wilderness
They decided on the Boulder Ridge Trail at the last minute, not even telling their wife, one of their many mistakes they now admit.
Mitchell's father found their car only after convincing Subaru to locate it electronically.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
Mitchell made it to the top of the Boulder Ridge Trail, a steep climb stretching over seven miles.
But on the way down, they took a wrong turn and as the storm hit and they tried to shelter under a tree. They set their backpack on the ground, and put their hands up under their shirt into their armpits for warmth.
It worked fine until they lost their balance. They couldn't get their arms out in time to stop and fell down a steep hill.
“It wasn't a real extreme tumble,” they said.
“It was like bark dust and it was sliding but that was a big turning point in the whole trip because I bumped my back. It's just a bruising there now but I thought in my head, 'You know I'm an injury lawyer, oh that's a herniated disc. No. It's back strain. I hit my head--that's a concussion--no I just bumped my head.' And I crawled back up but that's when I lost my backpack and that's when I started panicking, losing hope,” they said.
At some point after their climb back up they bumped the backpack and it rolled further down the hill, and in the darkness, Mitchell couldn't see it. It was gone.
The backpack held their cell phone, extra food and coat.
They wouldn't eat for the next four and a half days. They drank water from streams that they followed down the mountain.
Over the next couple days they began yelling.
“It started with hello and then turned into help," they said.
Mitchell began following a stream downhill, having to cross back and forth as it dropped farther down the mountain. That's how their feet got and stayed wet.
As the days wore on, they hiked and slept during the day. Then stayed awake but did not move at night. They felt it was too dangerous. They had an outer coat, a wool shirt and a tech T-shirt. They remembered that the week ahead held unseasonably warm weather that would also be dry. That helped their spirits.
A massive search began and they could hear helicopters but not see them.
Finally, on late Thursday morning, their friends found them as they checked back one last time on a trail they had already searched.
Mitchell was fighting a sinking feeling that this would not end well.
“It was kind of beautiful, the nature was kind of beautiful, but I was again, in another time of despair. I really wanted to live. I thought I was going to but I wasn't sure,” they said.
"I kept thinking, I want to live 40- 50 more years,” Mitchell added.
The rescue gave them a new outlook on life.
“That feeling was just amazing. And my sister started crying. I just knew my parents were worried. But I didn't know they had this huge, huge group of people all worried,” Mitchell said, tearing up.
Now that he's safe, he'd like to say thank you.
“I'd like to thank the hospital, my friends and family, all the sheriffs, everybody,” they said.
There's finally an Auto-Tune app for Android phones, the latest addition to a meme that won't go down easy. It's been used for megahit web series, Saturday Night Live digital shorts, Facebook status updates and Chatroulette pranks.
It got even more exposure to the masses when an iPhone app hit the Apple App Store courtesy of music artist T-Pain and master music app developers Smule. MicDroid for Android is a work in progress and it isn't as snazzy as the iPhone's I Am T-Pain app, but it'll get the job done with pre-recorded sound samples.
Just put your mouth up to the mic, record yourself singing something, then use the supplied options to pitch and tone correct to your satisfaction. You're just a few touchscreen taps away from potentially joining the ranks of today's YouTube viral video makers.
Jay-Z tried to say a year ago that Auto-Tune was D.O.A. but given the release of MicDroid and the popularity of I Am T-Pain, Auto-Tune fans of the world can go on and brush that dirt off their shoulders.
[via PocketNow]
Before the Supreme Court rules on enforcing gay marriage on all of us at the barrel of a government gun, we must consider how we answer legitimate questions, and how we conservatives and Bible-believing Christians can defend our ideals playing into the “hate and bigotry” the Left would so readily used to define us.
After being banned from Reddit groups /r/feminism and /r/LGBT for posting opinions they find disagreeable, I was finally asked an excellent question in response to my post on Jutice Alito's line of questioning in Tuesday's Supreme Court oral arguments on gay marriage.
The question illuminates much about the questioner and the liberal mindset. To liberals, it's selfish to deprive someone else of a feeling of entitlement or affirmation, regardless of the harm caused to society through misplaced ideals. The post-modern mind rationalizes ideals away—if it doesn't personally affect you in a pragmatic way, then you must be selfish.
Yet the slightest emotional twinge or “microaggression” in the mind of the hearer, seer, or reader of something disagreeable promotes a hailstorm of condemnation. Truly, the progressive left sees the world upside down, displacing actual ideals with craven self-interest.
My answer to the comment:
It's not about me and mine–if it was that would be selfish. It's about preserving those things in this country I and millions of others hold dear: our God, our Bible, and the freedom to follow both. When verses in the Bible are held as “hate speech” simply because somebody disagrees with them, or my church loses a tax status that other charities which agree with the “official” position retain, that harms not only me, but everyone who wishes to exercise the freedoms we cherish. How is that about same-sex marriage? I wish gay couples no ill, and if they wish to live together and have tax benefits awarded by the state, that's a political matter. But it's not marriage. Even the term “same-sex marriage” is, legally (for now) and institutionally an oxymoron. Marriage has always (historically for millennia) been one man and one woman. It's the wonton redefinition of the word to something that frames the issue of same-sex couples having a “right” to it–to transform a social debate into a legal challenge for civil rights, I have a problem with. And I think it's very selfish of those who support the redefinition of marriage to pursue this strategy in obtaining benefits conveyed by the government at the expense of liberty for everyone. There's no reason to do it this way–if equality was the issue, then civil unions fit perfectly, but civil unions are not good enough for the LGBT activists. They equate “dignity” with approval–whether it's approval forced by the gun barrel or freely given. The Bible and those who follow it will never approve of same-sex marriage, so the gun barrel it must be. And that's incredibly narrow-minded and selfish of people who have systematically rejected every other option.
In a Facebook thread on my post about Bruce Jenner—who I painted as a misogynist because they claim to be a woman versus simply wanting to be one as a transsexual—I received some comments supporting transsexuals. I believe we should pray for homosexual, bisexual, transgender and transsexual people, because they do suffer, and I would like to show them love and compassion (as Dr. Michael Brown has also stated, receiving widespread venom from the Left for tweeting this).
But they reject that love if it comes with a Biblical worldview—they wish to be accepted as-is, and would rather have the Bible edited or excised than simply recognize a contrary viewpoint (although the Biblical viewpoint has been around for millennia).
One commenter wrote:
I do not personally know any transsexuals, but I do know several transgenders, who, as children and teenagers, were very unhappy and, in some cases, had attempted or contemplated suicide rather than be persecuted by friends, family or society. I thank God these people were finally able to “come out” in our society, and are now living happy, productive lives. Some are married and have children and are great families, with a positive goal for their future. It is unfortunate that some people think they have the right to interfere in the lives of these wonderful, loving friends of mine. Unlike some others, my wife and I don't feel threatened at all by transgenders. In fact, I'd rather associate with most transgenders than with fanatical Christians. God bless diversity.
Yes, God bless diversity. Natural diversity. I wouldn't consider psychological disorders to be diversity worth blessing, but again, the Biblical worldview is ignored, even while God is invoked.
How do we answer such heartfelt opinions?
I answered:
i don't feel threatened in the least by transgenders or transsexuals or LGB-etcetera. I do feel very threatened by the idea advanced by activists and progressive post-modernist thugs that those people are psychologically normal and have no disorder but Christians are delusional and hateful for believing they do. And that's exactly where we are going. It's very hard–not impossible–to have compassion on people deserving of Christian love when even saying “God can heal you” is considered hate speech.
Again, it's about ideals, not people. People do things, say things and achieve things, but ideals drive movements. It's not LGBT people who trouble me, it's the ideal that their worldview defeats my—and millions of others—devotion to a Biblical worldview and my Constitutional liberty to adhere to it.
One of the best defenses of that liberty, from a purely secular viewpoint, appeared on Facebook in response to a post by evangelist Ray Comfort.
The commenter wrote this jewel:
I would not ask, let alone force, a Jewish deli owner to serve me a pulled pork sandwich. I would not ask nor force a believer in Islam to serve me in a bar so I could get drunk. I would not ask nor force someone who believes that we can be reincarnated into animals to make me a steak to eat. I would not ask nor force a Catholic to make me any sort of meat on Ash Wednesday. I would not ask nor force a Hindu to make for me Cow Skin Rug. I would not ask nor force someone who practices Jainism to sell me Fig Newtons. I would not ask nor force someone of Bahá'í faith to serve me a Jack Daniel's in my Coke. I would not ask nor force a Mormon believer to serve me my morning coffee. I would not ask nor force someone who practices Rastafarianism to serve me pretty much anything mass-produced in Americas' food factories. I would not ask nor force someone at a Seventh Day Adventist church to serve coffee at church. I would not ask nor force someone who practices Sikhism to serve me Kosher foods. I would not ask nor force someone who practices Yazidism to serve me corned beef and cabbage. WHY? Because we live in America, and our brothers and sisters have fought long and hard for our rights to believe whatever we want to believe, and for our rights as business owners to refuse service to anyone we would choose to refuse service to. YET, we must force anyone who happens to believe that supporting the homosexual lifestyle will send their very selves to Hell to serve them wedding cakes and help them to get married? You do not gain rights by stripping others of theirs. If I'm not happy with the service I do or do not receive at any place of business, do you know what I do? I simply take my money elsewhere. Instead of throwing a tantrum and demanding that they do things my way, I just take my money to the person who can do the job for me and can do it well. Even a five year old is capable of such a thing.
I can add nothing more to that eloquent description of how our liberty should be employed. We should all memorize this argument and live by it. It may be all we have left in the Brave New World.
(crosspost from RedState.com)
News in Science
Whooping cough increase related to current vaccine
Vaccine change The move to an artificially created vaccine for whooping cough is behind an increase in cases of the deadly disease in the US, a new study suggests.
The findings highlight the need to do similar research in Australia where whooping cough cases have spiralled upward in the past decade, co-author Associate Professor Manoj Gambhir, from the University of Monash, says.
In 2012 the US saw the highest number of pertussis (whooping cough) cases since 1955.
At the same time there has been a shift in the age group reporting the largest number of cases from adolescents to 7 to 11 year olds.
In the paper, published today in PLOS Computational Biology, Gambhir and colleagues use mathematical modelling of 60 years of pertussis disease data to determine what best explains this increase.
Their research finds the level of protection of the currently used acellular vaccine is lower than that of the previously used whole-cell vaccine.
Gambhir says the original whole-cell vaccine developed in 1942 was very effective.
Following introduction of vaccination, the reported disease incidence in the US dropped from 150 cases per 100,000 each year before 1940, to the point of near elimination in the mid-1970s when there were just 0.5 reported cases per 100,000 population.
"Now in the past decade we have seen a rise from that low to about 10-20 cases per 100,000," says Gambhir.
Gambhir, who led the study with Dr Thomas Clark at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in Atlanta, Georgia, and Professor Neil Ferguson, of the Imperial College London in the UK, says while the number of cases remains low the trend is upward.
"It's the sort of five-year by five-year rise that is the concern because the worry is it could go back to those levels at which we would start seeing infant deaths," they say.
New vaccine to blame
Gambhir says in 1991 researchers developed a new vaccine to address public concerns that the whooping cough vaccine caused a reaction in some children.
This vaccine, known as acellular pertussis vaccine, used particular components of the bacteria that were believed to generate the immune response, but was essentially artificially created.
Gambhir says the impact of the change in vaccine has taken time to show in the data.
"You didn't see an immediate increase [in whooping cough]," they say. "It has taken cohorts of children to have all of their doses to be the new vaccine for the increases in disease to manifest themselves."
Gambhir says the efficacy of the acellular vaccine is still high - around 80 per cent protection for the first three doses - but there has been a "significant drop" when compared with the older whole-cell vaccine (90 per cent protection).
They say current global research into new pertussis vaccines needs to continue, however their study also suggests changes to the current schedule of pertussis vaccinations and further booster doses may be required.
Gambhir says while there is debate over vaccination in the media, they did not find a drop in the overall level of whooping cough vaccination in the US.
"It could be the case as an alternative explanation to some of this that there are small clusters of people who refuse vaccine and they tend to live together and socially network together in which case among those small clusters there may have been a rise in disease and that may have been caused by their refusal to vaccinate," they say.
However they say this cannot account for the generalised rise in the disease.
Australian whooping cough rates
Gambhir is working with colleagues at the University of Melbourne who are tracking the disease in Australia, where the annual rate of whooping cough has hit more than 100 cases per 100,000 in the past decade.
While Gambhir says more sensitive testing in Australia would account for some of the increase, "it is quite urgent we come up with some explanations of what is going on here".
Their work will also feed into a collaboration with the World Health Organisation on examining whooping cough figures in the US, UK and Australia to determine if the same trends are evident in each country.
Fact File: Whooping cough
Editor's note:
Prior to the advent and widespread use of the whooping cough vaccine, the number of US cases was typically in the range of 100-200,000 each year. The quote in the original version of this story which suggested that the number of US cases in 2012 was similar to the period before the introduction of the vaccine was erroneous and has been removed.
Over the past two years, SpaceX has successfully recovered eight of their rockets after they were used to launching payloads into space. Of these, one is permanently on display outside SpaceX headquarters, while the other seven will theoretically be used for additional launches in the future. According to Bloomberg, at least one of those launches is no longer theoretical, and is scheduled for sometime this month.
At an industry conference in DC this week, SpaceX president and COO Gwynne Shotwell announced that the first flight of a used Falcon 9 booster is scheduled for sometime in the next few weeks. The rocket will fly a satellite manufactured by Luxembourg-based communications company SES. The SES satellite, SES-10, was originally supposed to launch in the last quarter of 2016, but SpaceX delayed all rocket launches for several months after a launchpad explosion in September of that year.
If this next launch is successful, it will pave the way for SpaceX to make affordable rocket launches a reality. The company's goal is to reuse their boosters multiple times over to bring down the cost per launch significantly. We'll only have to wait a few more weeks now to see if SpaceX can make that happen.
Source: Bloomberg
Mark Bittman on food and all things related.
There are hungry people out there, actually; they're just largely invisible to the rest of us, or they look so much like us that it's hard to tell. The Supplemental Assistance Nutrition Program, better known as SNAP and even better known as food stamps, currently has around 46 million participants, a record high. That's one in eight Americans — 10 people in your subway car, one or two on every line at Walmart.
We wouldn't wish that on anyone, but as it stands, the number should be higher[1]: many people are unaware that they're eligible for SNAP, and thus the participation rate is probably around three-quarters of what it should be.
Food stamps allow you to shop more or less normally, but on an extremely tight budget, around $130 a month. It's tough to feed a family on food stamps (and even tougher without them), and that's where food banks — a network of nonprofit, nongovernment agencies, centrally located clearing houses for donated or purchased food that is sent to local affiliated agencies or “pantries” — come in. Food banks may cover an entire state or part of one: the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, for example, serves 53 counties and provides enough food to feed 48,000 square miles and feeds 90,000 people a week — in a state with fewer than four million people.
Like many other food banks, Oklahoma's, says executive director Rodney Bivens, has made a commitment to serve every single person in need in its area; put that together with that state's geography, and it might give you pause. Similarly, God's Love We Deliver (not technically a food bank), which provides over a million cooked meals a year to sick people in the five boroughs and the Newark area, has seen its numbers nearly double in the last six years because, as Karen Pearl, the president and C.E.O. told me, “We are never going to have a waiting list and are never going to turn people away.”
And because poverty is growing.
Lyndon Johnson's Great Society programs brought the poverty level down to 11 percent from 20 percent in less than 10 years. Ronald Reagan began the process of dismantling that minimal safety net, and as a result the current poverty level is close to 16 percent, and food stamps are not fully doing their job. “There was a time in this country,” says Maryland Food Bank president and C.E.O. Deborah Flateman, “when food stamps had practically eliminated hunger; then the big cuts happened, and we've been trying to recover ever since.”
Food banks are changing. I visited the Rhode Island Community Food Bank last year and was surprised to see not rows and rows of mac 'n' cheese and Frosted Flakes but fresh produce, rice and beans, even meat. That's because until recently, manufacturers' mistakes — the misprinted label, the too-soon sell-by date — went to food banks; now there are fewer mistakes, and “seconds” are usually sold to “dollar” stores rather than donated.
In addition, the cutbacks to The Emergency Food Assistance Program (Tefap), a Department of Agriculture program that delivers purchased food to states for free distribution — usually through food banks — have been hit hard; in Oklahoma, for example, the food bank lost around six million pounds of donated food from Tefap this year, representing something like 70 percent. (At the same time, Bivens notes, apples went from $14 to $24 a case.)
These developments cause hardships, but opportunities too: every food bank I spoke with is providing its clients with more fresh produce and real food than before. (And less junk: Andrew Schiff, who runs the Rhode Island Community Food Bank, convinced their board years ago that they did not need to give people free soda. “We provide meals,” they told me, and “soda and chips does not constitute a meal.”)
Food banks closest to where food is grown in quantity are in the best shape to obtain produce. The San Francisco and Marin Food Banks, according to executive director Paul Ash, get “10 or 15 truckloads of produce a week out of growing areas like California's Central Valley,” some of which it shares with food banks as far away as upstate New York. Nor is this solely a West Coast phenomenon: the Maryland Food Bank, says Flateman, went from working with two farms two years ago to 51 this year.
This all sounds great: providing people in need with real food is clearly preferable to providing them with junk. But, as Ash says, only one out of two people who are eligible for SNAP in their state are on the program, and “the only thing that can really touch that problem would be improving SNAP, because there aren't enough warehouses in San Francisco for organizations like ours to take up that slack.” Ideally, SNAP would work so well that food banks became superfluous.
Furthermore, as great as fresh produce is, the reality is that most people need more than onions, carrots, apples and oranges. And so it's dried goods like rice and beans and concentrated protein like animal products that cost food banks real money. And there are other issues: you don't have to know how to cook to “prepare” cold cereal, or even boxed mac 'n' cheese. But “people don't know how to prepare rice and beans anymore,” says Bivens, who along with others I spoke to is doing two things: increasingly preparing cooked, shelf-stable food to give to people and offering cooking lessons.
SNAP participants and food bank visitors are sometimes homeless people but they're also our neighbors, our employees, our co-workers, our fellow bus riders, the family in the car next to ours, the cashier at the supermarket; more and more, they're our parents, because Social Security is another program that isn't cutting it.
The need is everywhere. Whether you look at this from a moral perspective (love thy neighbor, remember?) or a practical one, it's clear that SNAP and food banks deserve better funding, not worse.
It seems absurd to have to say it, but no one in this country should go hungry.
1. Of course as everyone following these knows, it's cuts that are on the agenda, not expansion. Cuts, which could mean that 500,000 households could lose $90 a month and nearly 2 million people could lose food stamps altogether, are not only cruel but counterproductive.
Without court oversight, the nation's top law enforcement agency can obtain domestic records of telephone conversations made to international receivers, the Justice Department claimed recently.
“[The Office of Legal Counsel] agreed with the FBI that under certain circumstances (word or words redacted) allows the FBI to ask for and obtain these records on a voluntary basis from the providers, without legal process or a qualifying emergency,” the Justice Department's inspector general said in a recent report by McClatchy Newspapers.
The claim put forth in the document released to McClatchy seemed to indicate that the Obama administration has continued the previous administration's policies.
The Bush administration maintained that the FBI needed such policing powers in order to stop possible terrorism. Critics of the FBI's surveillance program stated that the tactic was frequently applied in abusive manners.
Kevin Bankston, a lawyer with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, told McClatchy that the OLC's disclosure that explained its legal position on part of the 1978 federal wiretapping law was a missing puzzle piece.
“Apparently, they've decided that this provision means that your international communications are a privacy-free zone and that they can get records of those communications without any legal process,” Bankston said.
Bankston added that the law would still prevent the telecommunication companies from voluntarily giving the FBI their customers' data even upon request.
The Justice Department failed to provide McClatchy with a copy of a memo the newspaper group had originally requested, a move which countered the Obama administration's claim to perform its duties more transparently.
The American Civil Liberties Union told McClatchy that the Justice Department should not withhold the legal reasoning it uses to justify the FBI's authority in gathering citizens' telephone records.
“The law should never be secret,” said Michael German, an ACLU spokesperson who is a former FBI agent.
At the time Obama authorized the released four Bush-era interrogation memos previously held secret, they said information contained in them had already been widely reported and would not harm ongoing investigations. Furthermore, the techniques described in them such as waterboarding had ceased.
However, McClatchy noted that information contained in the new yet secret OLC memo was also in the public record. The inspector general added in a report that the FBI broken the law repeatedly as a result of an informal review of the phone surveillance program that the secret memo covered.
Photo via screengrab of video of Cox
A little more than a month since Donald Trump's electoral win, and some academics speaking out against the President-elect or their party's political ideology are already paying a price. This week, one California professor who criticized Trump went into hiding in fear of their safety.
According to the Orange County Register, Olga Perez Stable Cox, a psychology instructor at Orange Coast College, temporarily left the state after receiving numerous threats once a secretly recorded video of their calling Trump's election "an act of terrorism" became public. "The professor, the union that represents them and the college have received more than 1,000 emails, calls and Facebook comments – most of them critical of Cox, who a week after the election was recorded on video telling students in their human sexuality class that 'we're really back to being [in] a civil war,'" the Register reports. They also referred to Vice President-elect Mike Pence as "one of the most anti-gay humans in this country."
Rob Schneiderman, Cox's faculty union president, told the Register that someone had emailed them a picture of their house, and said they planned to share their address publicly. Another email threatened, "You want communism, go to Cuba ... try to bring it to America and we'll put a [expletive] bullet in your face."
Read more: When Donald Trump Was Accused of Sexual Assault
Cox is just one of the more than 120 professors listed on the website Professor Watchlist. According to its mission statement, the website's goal is "to expose and document college professors who discriminate against conservative students and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom."
Professor Watchlist is a project of Turning Point USA, a youth activist organization for conservative students. Matt Lamb, the organization's director of constitutional enforcement and transparency, told the LA Times that the list's intention was not to target or harass educators but instead help students be prepared to debate.
Matthew Boedy is an English professor at the University of North Georgia and one of those listed on Professor Watchlist. They came to find themselves on the watchlist after they spoke out against a bill that would allow students to carry concealed weapons on campus. They tell Broadly that their students know he's not biased against them for writing in favor of the issue in assignments.
"I think this particular version of a professor watchlist is silly and inept. So it doesn't bother me all that much," they say. "But the historical idea they are reaching toward is scary. It is clear that the election of Trump has given license to many conservative causes, groups, and individuals to speak out more. Where will that lead? Who knows. But the move from advocacy to 'watchlist' is concerning."
Most people understand that this list is an example of propaganda and are responding appropriately
Sara Goldrick-Rab, a faculty member at Temple University, is another professor included on the list. The website appears to indict them because they allegedly "took to Twitter to compare Republican governor Scott Walker to Hitler." They say the claim isn't true; rather, they explain, they reported on someone else making that comparison. "This is a purely political claim without any merit related to my teaching, research, or service to the nation," they tell us, calling the list "nonsense."
"It's clear that some people do not believe in freedom of speech or the open discussion of ideas and seek to intimidate educators," Goldrick-Rab says. "I find that nothing but sad."
Michael Waltman, a communications professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, says he's received "only positive support" from colleagues, administrators, and students since their name was added to the website. "Most people understand that this list is an example of propaganda and are responding appropriately," they say. "Interestingly, professors who were not included on the list have been self-reporting themselves to the list in a show of support for those people who were included on the original list."
For More News Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
According to Professor Watchlist, Waltman "teaches a course on hate speech that openly blames the political right for its use." Their response? "It is not true," they say. "In fact, even a superficial review of my research would reveal that I have criticized both Republicans and Democrats for manipulating hate in order to accomplish a variety of social and political goals."
Waltman, who's a member of Scholars at Risk (a group that supports scholars around the world who have been persecuted by totalitarian regimes for their beliefs), admits they haven't given the website much thought. "In the big picture, this list is really a small thing," they say. "However, it is the kind of thing that totalitarian regimes around the world do to people they perceive as their enemies."
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) gives their concession speech after a shocking upset to tea party favorite David Brat. (NBC 12 Richmond)
Eric Cantor just lost.
The defeat of the second-ranking Republican in the House by an ill-funded, little-known tea party-backed candidate ranks as the biggest congressional upset in modern memory and will immediately generate a series of political and policy-related shock waves in Washington and the Richmond-area 7th District.
"People don't know how to respond because it's never been contemplated," said one Virginia Republican strategist, granted anonymity to speak candidly about Cantor's loss. (Worth noting: Cantor didn't just lose. They got walloped; David Brat, their challenger, won 56 percent to 44 percent.)
In conversations with a handful of GOP operatives in the aftermath of Cantor's loss -- a loss blamed largely on an inept campaign consulting team that misread the level of vitriol directed at the candidate due to their place in Republican leadership and the perception they supported so-called "amnesty" for illegal immigrants -- there were several common threads about what it means for politics inside and outside the House.
1. Immigration reform is dead. I'm not sure it was ever really alive in the House -- we've written plenty about how the average House Republican has zero incentive to support any immigration reform -- but Cantor's loss ensures that even chatter about making minor changes will disappear. Anytime an incumbent loses -- and particularly a well-funded incumbent like Cantor -- there are lots of reasons for the defeat, but this one will be cast as a rebuke of any moderation on immigration. Brat savaged Cantor as "100 percent all-in" on amnesty and accused them of "bobbing and weaving" on the issue. Any Republican member of Congress who was even contemplating going a step or two out on a political limb to vote for some elements of immigration reform will stop thinking that way immediately. Not only is immigration reform a no-go for Republicans in this election, but it may well be off the table -- assuming Republicans control the House -- for the next several years.
2. House legislative activity will cease. Again, there wasn't a heck of a lot of grand legislative plans before Cantor's loss. But that trickle will totally dry up now as Republican members avoid doing anything -- literally, anything -- that could be used against them in the many primaries still to come this summer and fall. Members will be afraid of their own shadows.
3. The "establishment strikes back" storyline will disappear. In the space of the last week, the narrative that the establishment has finally figured out how to beat the tea party has exploded. First, Mississippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel finished ahead of Sen. Thad Cochran in the state's GOP primary. Now, the Cantor loss. (And, on June 24, Cochran remains an underdog to McDaniel in the Magnolia State runoff.) A former Senate Appropriations Committee chairperson and the second-ranking Republican in the House both (potentially) losing in less than a month means that the primary victories of Sens. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) and Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) over tea party-backed opponents earlier this year will be forgotten -- or, at the very least, overshadowed.
4. Tea party challenges will surge. David Brat -- and McDaniel if they win -- will become the newest tea party heroes, taking their places alongside the likes of Sens. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Mike Lee (Utah). In the near term, that will embolden tea partyers who seemed dead in the water in their own attempts to take out incumbents. "What we have seen tonight in Virginia shows that no race should be taken for granted and all the money and position in the world doesn't resonate with an electorate that is fed up with a Washington establishment that has abandoned conservative principles," said Joe Carr, a conservative trying to knock off Sen. Lamar Alexander (R) in Tennessee. (To be clear: Attempting to ride the Brat coattails with a press release is one thing. Beating an incumbent like Alexander is something totally different.) In the longer term, there's every reason to believe that other prominent members of the GOP leadership -- in the House and Senate -- will face tea party challenges come 2016.
5. The race to replace John Boehner as speaker is now wide open. We've written before about how difficult it will be for Boehner to hold on to their speakership -- assuming Republicans keep the majority this fall. But now the heir apparent has been dragged under by a conservative uprising. The third man in command -- House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (Calif.) -- is not exactly a tea party darling or, stylistically speaking, the sort of hard-liner that the most conservative wing in the House likes. Add it all up and you are looking at what could be an absolutely bananas race to lead the House Republican majority come 2015.
Cantor's defeat will continue to send rumbles through the political system for the next few days -- and even weeks and months. Out-of-nowhere upsets -- particularly of such a high-ranking pol -- have a tendency to do that. What an amazing night.
Read more:
Eric Cantor and the biggest upsets in political history
Cantor's loss throws Congress into disarray
Did Democratic votes doom Cantor?
David Brat just beat Eric Cantor. Who is he?
Americans consume more watermelon than anyone else, and with much of the United States sweltering under the blanket of this summer's most intense heat wave, the sweet, fleshy, water-logged fruit is having its annual moment.
Watermelons, like all fruit, naturally produce seeds, but these days, the preferred type of watermelon is one that's seedless. Last year, the seedless variety comprised 73% of all watermelon imported to the US, mainly from Mexico—a dramatic shift from just a decade ago. Seedless watermelons have defeated their seeded brethren.
​
The traditional Western watermelon sports a green rind, red flesh, and black seeds, which are slightly bitter under their hard shell. In China, another country serious about its watermelon, the seeds are commonly eaten raw or roasted, but Americans are more accustomed to spitting them out, hence the appeal of a watermelon that dispenses with the black seeds entirely.
But seedless these watermelons are not.
Bite into a so-called seedless watermelon, and you are sure to encounter the other, less-talked-about watermelon seed: white, soft, and translucent. They are the coatings of seeds that haven't matured. In regular watermelons, about 5% of the seeds are likely to be these undeveloped white ones. But in “seedless” watermelons they predominate, a product of the fruit's upbringing.
These watermelons are made by crossing pollen, which has 22 chromosomes per cell, with watermelon flowers that have been altered with chemicals. The treated flowers have 44 chromosomes per cell—double the normal amount. The result is a sterile hybrid with 33 chromosomes, known as a triploid. Its seeds are incapable of maturing into hard, black, developed watermelon seeds, and remain mostly hollow shells. But they're still seeds, if more palatable and less fruitful. Supposedly seedless watermelons can contain hundreds of them.
AP / Ken James Those are seeds!
The National Watermelon Promotion Board, eager to dispel any notions of genetic modification, likens seedless watermelons to mules, a sterile cross-breed of horse and donkey. Free advice for Big Watermelon: You'd be better off drawing comparisons with bananas and cucumbers, which are commonly made “seedless” through similar processes.
The nomenclature, of course, is mostly beside the point. What matters is whether the fruit's juicy flesh is sufficiently refreshing on a hot summer day, and that has to do with factors unrelated to the presence of seeds. In the US, growers market their watermelon varieties with names resembling designer drugs: Bush Sugarbaby, Millionaire, Ecstasy, Wonderland.
To my taste, though, a mouthful of white seeds can ruin the whole enterprise in a way that black seeds don't. It's not just nostalgia for the way watermelons used to be. The white seeds are mealy in large quantities, irksome when mixed into watermelon recipes, and more difficult to avoid than black seeds.
And, yes, it just feels wrong to call a watermelon seedless when its seeds are right there, glimmering in the summer sun.
This post discusses some of the notable games that explore the history of China – a fascinating subject crying out for more attention.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms
Any discussion of strategy games set in China must begin with KOEI's Romance of the Three Kingdoms series, whose first game dates to the NES.
Set amidst the civil war that followed the fall of the Han Dynasty — the same period that inspired the Chinese classic novel, the Dynasty Warriors games, and assorted movies, TV shows, and anime — these games are mechanically as well as thematically notable.
Along with KOEI stablemates such as Nobunaga's Ambition, and Paradox's Crusader Kings, these are some of the very few character-driven strategy games in existence. Every action in ROTK, from building a granary to leading an army, is assigned to (and performed by) named characters. ROTK's characters form a cast of thousands, taken from history and the pages of the novel (there is also the potential to create custom officers)
Within the series, individual games vary. I have very fond memories of playing ROTK XI, a micromanagement-intensive but engaging game whose cel-shaded graphics and hand-drawn art remain lovely today.
Unfortunately, I was disappointed by ROTK XIII, the latest in the series. Like some of its predecessors, XIII is a RPG/strategy hybrid that allows players to play as low-ranking officers or governors, as opposed to faction leaders, and work their way up. In theory, this is brilliant. In practice, life as a junior officer in ROTK XIII plays out as Ancient Chinese Workplace Simulator. I spent my time clicking through menus to fulfil orders, waiting for progress bars to fill up, and occasionally networking with fellow officers. (More subjectively, I didn't like XIII's art style compared to its predecessors, or for that matter, Nobunaga's Ambition.)
For those interested in the ROTK series, I would recommend XI, which is available for digital purchase.
Oriental Empires
Flawed and fascinating, Oriental Empires (currently in Early Access) is a bundle of interesting ideas that — based on a playthrough in late September/early October 2016 — fail to cohere into a good game. In particular, it feels caught between two conflicting paradigms. Its overall structure is that a conventional 4X game like Civilization, depicting the Warring States of pre-Imperial China. Hidden inside is a more radical idea: a game about maintaining the internal stability of an empire.
On its surface, Oriental Empires is very much about the Warring States. The map is filled with multiple civilizations, each of which represents a kingdom or tribe that existed before the unification of China. Nobles are still implied to be a powerful force within society, as they were in the Warring States. Most of the game's tech tree is pre-imperial — a thousand years of imperial history are relegated to the final era.
The trick is that the other players aren't the real challenge: I won a cultural victory without going to war against a single other player. Instead, Oriental Empires' most interesting mechanic (and its greatest challenge) is the way it handles internal dissent. Each city has a separate unrest level for nobles and commoners, and while the nobles are easy to keep happy, the commoners are dangerous. Drought — a random event — produces unhappy commoners. Famine produces unhappy commoners. And crucially, whereas most 4X games encourage the player to build and improve their cities, doing this in Oriental Empires produces unhappy commoners: when tile improvements and buildings go up, Oriental Empire assumes that the work is done by commoners drafted for corvee labour.
When rebellions do break out, they can be very dangerous. The game has several types of military unit, including nobles, regulars, and militia; while militia are cheap, they tend to defect to nearby rebels. On top of that, multiple unhappy cities can set off a chain reaction. Once, I had to reload after being bankrupted by a death spiral. The parallels to history — including the fall of China's first imperial dynasty, the Qin — felt strong.
Unrest can be defused through different national policies; happiness-boosting buildings such as theatres, temples, and courthouses; favourable random events (such as good harvest); maintaining a garrison – of regular troops, not militia – assigning a city governor, or a slow cooldown. It can be better not to overbuild in the first place. The take-away is that there is a trade-off between growth and stability, and a wise ruler will avoid making the historical mistakes of the Qin.
Overall, while Oriental Empires is difficult to unconditionally recommend (unless it's improved as a strategy game since I played it), I found it sufficiently intriguing (and aesthetically pleasing) not to regret my purchase.
Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom
Recently listed for sale on GoG, this is a charming entry in the City-Building series best known for Caesar I-IV. I've enjoyed the limited time I've spent time with it.
Mechanically, Emperor is close to what I remember of Caesar III. City-dwellers' houses, which upgrade into progressively grander forms as citizens' needs are met, are serviced by walkers sent out from nearby buildings. To keep the walkers on track, the player can even deploy roadblocks and walls. The city's needs include food, water, entertainment, religion, commodities, and more – the standard building blocks of a city builder.
What lends charm is the game's flavour. The introductory campaign begins in prehistoric China, where the player's settlement cultivates millet. New commodities such as wheat and jade are introduced through trade with other settlements, representing the development of the material culture we think of as “Chinese”. Within the city, instead of Caesar III's lion tamers, there are acrobats and musicians. Throwing a festival for New Year will result in a lion dance making its way around town.
From my time so far, this is a solidly executed example of the city-builder formula; worth a look for those interested in its theme.
Also published on Medium.
Share this: Email
Print
Pocket
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
On Thursday, Senator Jeff Sessions' Immigration Subcommittee held a hearing titled, The Impact of High-Skilled Immigration on U.S. Workers . The hearing was not that different from a similar one last March , and it indicates the desire of the chairperson to enact some meaningful reforms. However, killing the H-1b scam outright seems the appropriate action when only one-third of native-born Americans with an undergraduate STEM degree holding a job actually work in a STEM occupation.
The persons testifying included Leo Perrero, who spoke out last fall about their layoff from Disney after the company replaced its American tech staff with cheaper H-1b foreigners. They decided to leave their career in tech after 20 years experience because they apparently could see no future in it despite earlier success and receiving the “very highest employment performance review” at Disney. Their emotional description of the disappointment they felt from being cut was a memorable part of the hearing:
PERRERO: Later that same day [after being laid off] I clearly remember going to the local church pumpkin sale and having to tell the kids I couldn't buy any that year because my job was being turned over to a foreign worker. I started to think: what kind of American was I becoming? Was I going to become part of ruining our country by taking severance pay in exchange for training my foreign replacement? How many other American families would be affected by the same foreign worker that I trained? . . . We all felt extremely humiliated when the foreign worker sat next to us and watched everything we did. The final period of 90 days was the most disgraceful and demoralizing, as we had to watch the foreign workers completely take over our jobs. And we came to grips that the upcoming Disney jobs promise didn't exist. Then finally on January 31st of 2015, we were ordered to turn in our company badges, laptops and then ushered out the door.
For the record, Americans being forced to train foreign replacements is hardly new. In 1995 Labor Secretary Robert Reich warned Congress about the H-1B program because there were already reports of abuse then.
Attorney John Miano also testified and was full of information, having recently written Sold Out: How High-Tech Billionaires & Bipartisan Beltway Crapweasels Are Screwing America's Best & Brightest Workers with co-author Michelle Malkin.
Here's a clip of Senator Sessions questioning the panel about alleged “opportunities” offered to citizens following their being laid off. They observed that the tech jobs promised following the outsourcing of heavy industry have not materialized, noting that Facebook employs only 7,000.
The text of the Chairman's opening statement follows:
Tonight's new episode of TV drama Law & Order: SVU is taking place in the standup comedy world. Loosely inspired by that Daniel Tosh rape joke controversy from two years ago and that other one from last year, the episode is caled “Comic Perversion” and it stars Jonathan Silverman (Weekend at Bernie's) as Josh Galloway, a standup who is accused of inciting a crowd to commit rape and also accused of being a rapist himself. A writer at XoJane got a hold of the episode early and wrote a nice takedown on it, and it seems to be just another example, like the entirety of Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, of a TV drama portraying the comedy world in a weird and inaccurate way.
Here's a clip from the episode:
NEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- A major character on NBC's "Chuck" delivers a Subway sandwich to their boss, then utters the chain's current "$5 foot-long" ad message as part of the script? Why, it's enough to make the casual viewer scream out "Sweet onion teriyaki!" in amazement.
Sweet onion teriyaki! Credit: NBC Subway got an aggressive plug Monday night on the light-hearted NBC spy drama when Morgan, best friend of protagonist Chuck Bartowski, delivered a chicken-teriyaki sandwich to Big Mike, the boss at Buy More, the electronics chain where much of the action in "Chuck" takes place. The sandwich came wrapped in paper adorned with Subway's familiar yellow lettering and -- as no doubt intended -- was hard for a viewer to miss.
But that wasn't the end of the scene. Morgan not only touted the deliciousness of the sandwich they had procured but also uttered the phrase "$5 foot-longs," which, as many TV viewers will know, is one of the central premises of Subway's advertising these days. The Doctor's Associates sandwich chain has been working to boost business by selling some of its popular offerings at a value price of five bucks.
'Far beyond just a logo'
The onscreen plug is emblematic of how major marketers want to amp up their cameos in popular shows. While product placement has grown leaps and bounds in the past several years, for many marketers, a guest-starring role in a popular comedy or drama simply isn't enough.
"This is far beyond just a logo placement or a product placement. It's more about the messaging," said Tony Pace, chief marketing officer of the Subway Franchisee Advertising Fund Trust, the consumer-marketing arm of Subway.
Subway's "Chuck" appearance goes beyond the usual trappings of product placement, in which an on-air appearance or even a reference from a character is considered a boffo execution. Getting a character to repeat the company's ad slogan is tantamount to turning "Chuck" for even the briefest of moments into a bona fide Subway commercial.
Marketers "are trying to get more beyond the logo slapping, the passive placements," explained Frank Zazza, CEO and founder of iTVX, a firm that measures the effectiveness of product placements. Advertisers instead want "to get the brand essence woven into the script," they said, and want to evolve their in-program appearances "at a rapid pace." The danger: If the appearance is too jarring or breaks the flow of the program, viewers might get turned off and, subsequently, tune out.
NBC and Warner Bros., which produces "Chuck," were unable to make executives available to comment.
Subway on NBC
Subway increased its ad spending on NBC in 2008, according to TNS Media Intelligence, laying out approximately $34.4 million. In 2007, Subway spent nearly $22 million on NBC advertising.
Subway uses an independent firm to arrange some of its product appearances, Mr. Pace said, and has a deal in place with NBC Universal "that provides access to multiple shows." Subway has appeared on "Chuck" in a past episode, playing an important part at a bachelor party arranged for Chuck's soon-to-be brother-in-law (a character burps after indulging in a Subway offering). The chain has also been featured in NBC's "The Biggest Loser; during one episode a team of contestants was led on a walk to a Subway store and told about its healthy selections, then informed they would have to walk farther to another Subway outlet.
"Subway" is pleased with its appearance in Monday's program, Mr. Pace said, and expects to do more of the same. Amplifying an appearance in a program is taking on more importance, they said. "We're doing this as an ongoing way of making sure we get to the audience. In a world where everyone is fully aware of fragmentation and audience size declining, you've got to make sure your message gets out."
I wasn't planning on writing a FA piece on Dwight Freeney, but as it turns out, they apparently had a brief phone conversation with Adrian Peterson where the RB expressed an interest in them coming aboard the longship. (Hat tip to @VikingsFanPage on Twitter.)
Normally when I write a FA piece, I discuss why it could be a possible good idea for the Vikings to pursue the individual in question. I'm going a different route here- I really don't think Freeney is a fit at all, and I sincerely doubt Spielman and co. will even bother placing a phone call. (Although they might, supposedly they are quite thorough.)
A few things- yes, Freeney is (technically) a linebacker. Yes, they are a seven time Pro Bowler, and was never really one of those "hey let's pick Jeff Saturday over John Sullivan DURDEEDURRRR!!!" picks, either. Yes, the Vikings are in need of linebackers.
However... Freeney has spent exactly one season as a linebacker, having prior to last season spent their career in Indianapolis as a defensive end. It was a relatively natural switch in certain senses, as the Colts were going from a 4-3 (like ourselves) to a 3-4 (unlike ourselves). However, even though to be fair they were hampered by injury, Freeney didn't exactly shine in their new position like they had as a DE. They aren't terrible, but there is a reason, after all, that the Colts are releasing a longtime defensive keystone. (Well, he's actually just not being re-signed, not released per se.)
Further complicating the issue is that their lone season as a LB was spent as an OLB. That's the one position in the LB corps that we do not need help at. Sure, in theory, they could switch over to ILB, but that would essentially be a third position for them in as many seasons. Naturally the complications of going from a hybrid DE/OLB used in the 3-4 to a pure ILB in the 4-3 are myriad as well, and I would imagine that even if the Vikings were of a mind to pursue the possibility, the veteran would not be interested.
And if there's one position on defense that we are truly set at, both in terms of starters and depth, it's DE. Switching them back to their natural position and bringing them aboard doesn't do a ton for us, and would likely end up being a good chunk of FA cash wasted. Granted Jared Allen could in theory be released or traded, but should that occur (and I personally don't think it will), I'd still prefer plugging Everson Griffin there and calling it a day rather than bringing in an aging outsider likely to cost a pretty penny.
Overall, I just can't find one good reason why the Vikings would bring Dwight Freeney to the team. I have no doubts that, even at 33, they will be a highly pursued FA (hopefully by a 4-3 team intent on putting them back in their natural position)- but the teams that will be in that bidding war are just not likely to be from Minnesota.
Now tell me why I'm wrong.
Hmm! Some archaeology!
Since around 2004 I've used go as the generic name for tail-recursive worker loops, when doing a worker/wrapper transformation of a recursive function. I started using it widely in bytestring , e.g.
foldr :: (Word8 -> a -> a) -> a -> ByteString -> a foldr k v (PS x s l) = inlinePerformIO $ withForeignPtr x $ \ptr -> go v (ptr `plusPtr` (s+l-1)) (ptr `plusPtr` (s-1)) where STRICT3(go) go z p q | p == q = return z | otherwise = do c <- peek p go (c `k` z) (p `plusPtr` (-1)) q -- tail recursive {-# INLINE foldr #-}
was from bytestring in August 2005.
This got written up in RWH, and probably was popularized from there. Also, in the stream fusion library, Duncan Coutts and I started doing it a lot.
From the GHC sources
The idiom goes back further though. foldr in GHC.Base is given as:
foldr k z = go where go [] = z go (y:ys) = y `k` go ys
which is probably where I picked up the trick (I'd thought this was from Andy Gill's thesis, but can't find any use of go there). It isn't given in this form in Gofer, so I think this first appeared in the GHC code base.
By 2001, Simon Marlow was using go in some of the systems-level code, so we might place the blame somewhere in GHC, and this clue leads us to the GHC source, where go is widely used in worker functions:
myCollectBinders expr = go [] expr where go bs (Lam b e) = go (b:bs) e go bs e@(Note (SCC _) _) = (reverse bs, e) go bs (Cast e _) = go bs e go bs (Note _ e) = go bs e go bs e = (reverse bs, e)
GHC 3.02 and Glasgow
Digging up old versions of GHC, we see that in GHC 0.29 this idiom does not appear, but by GHC 3.02 series (1998), the go idiom appears everywhere. An example, in Numeric.lhs , in the definition of showInt , dated to 1996-1997:
showInt n r | n < 0 = error "Numeric.showInt: can't show negative numbers" | otherwise = go n r where go n r = case quotRem n 10 of { (n', d) -> case chr (ord_0 + fromIntegral d) of { C# c# -> -- stricter than necessary let r' = C# c# : r in if n' == 0 then r' else go n' r' }}
this is a different implementation to the one given in the H98 report. Digging into the implementation of "Numeric.lhs", however, we find that it isn't the same as the version that was added to GHC 2.06 in 1997, and a very interesting patch from Sigbjorne Finne appears, in April 1998, adding a go loop to Numeric.lhs.
This says that at least by 1998, Sigbjorne was adding go loops to the GHC "std" library, while simultaneously, many modules in the GHC compiler core had go loops. Digging further, this very interesting commit from Will Partain in July 1996 adds a "go" loop into GHC -- the code comes from Simon PJ though!
So I'm going to call this as a Glasgow idiom invented by people at Glasgow who worked on GHC in the mid 90s, such as Simon Marlow, Sigbjorn Finne, Will Partain and Simon Peyton Jones.
B's Announce 2013-14 Preseason Schedule by Staff Writer / Boston Bruins
BOSTON, MA – The Boston Bruins announced today, July 16, the club's official seven-game preseason schedule, along with other critical dates, including the start of Rookie Camp on Tuesday, September 3, and the opening of Training Camp on Wednesday, September 11. The club will release more details including, camp information, media availability, rosters and the full practice schedule as the preseason draws closer. Please note that the schedule is subject to change.
BOSTON BRUINS PRESEASON SCHEDULE: Tuesday, September 3 (Wilmington, MA).
-Rookie Camp Opens (Ristuccia Arena, Wilmington, MA)
-Friday, September 6 (Coral Springs, FL)
-Rookie tournament
-Saturday, September 7 (Coral Springs, FL)
-Rookie tournament
-Sunday, September 8 (Coral Springs, FL)
-Rookie tournament
Wednesday, September 11 (Wilmington, MA)
-Training Camp opens (Ristuccia Arena, Wilmington, MA)
Monday, September 16 (Montreal, QC)
-Boston Bruins at Montreal Canadiens (Bell Centre, Montreal, QC, 7:00 p.m. ET)
Tuesday, September 17 (Baltimore, MD)
-Boston Bruins at Washington Capitals (1st Mariner Arena, Baltimore, MD, 7:00 p.m. ET)
Thursday, September 19 (Boston, MA)
-Boston Bruins vs. Detroit Red Wings (TD Garden, Boston, MA 7:00 p.m. ET)
Saturday, September 21 (Detroit, MI)
-Boston Bruins at Detroit Red Wings (Joe Louis Arena, Detroit, MI 7:00 p.m. ET)
Monday, September 23 (Boston, MA)
-Boston Bruins vs. Washington Capitals (TD Garden, Boston, MA 7:00 p.m. ET)
Thursday, September 26 (Winnipeg, MB)
-Boston Bruins at Winnipeg Jets (MTS Center, Winnipeg, MB 6:30 p.m. CT, 7:30 p.m. ET)
Friday, September 27 (Saskatoon, SK)
-Boston Bruins vs. Winnipeg Jets in Saskatoon (Credit Union Centre, Saskatoon, SK 8:00 p.m. CT, 9:00 p.m. ET)
View Less
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — Their speech slow and slurred, Tiger Woods couldn't follow simple instructions or keep their balance during a dazed and disoriented encounter with police before they were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.
The video images came from dash-cam footage that Jupiter police released Wednesday night, and they show Woods with little capacity to stand still without swaying, repeat simple instruction or put one foot in front of the other.
The footage came from their arrest Monday in the dark of early morning when Jupiter police noticed their Mercedes parked on the side of a six-lane road, part of it in the road and part of it in the bicycle lane.
Police found the Woods sound asleep behind the wheel, according to an incident report. The engine was running, the brake lights were on and the right turn signal was blinking. Police also released photos of their car that showed both tires flat with minor damage around the bumpers.
When the officer asks Woods where they had been, the 14-time major champion says, "LA." They say they were headed down to Orange County.
The 1 hour, 39-minute video starts with the Jupiter police approaching Woods' car and ends with the cruiser pulling into the Palm Beach County jail, with Woods in handcuffs behind their back and sitting in the back seat.
Woods told the officers they had not been drinking, and two breath tests at the jail registered a 0.0. Woods issued a statement nearly 10 hours after they were released from jail on Monday that alcohol was not involved.
"What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications," Woods said in their statement. "I didn't realize the mix of medications had affected me so strongly."
They told police they were taking prescription medicine. When asked what kind, their answer was redacted from the video tape. The arrest affidavit listed four medications, including Vicodin, that Woods reported taking.
Woods is to be arraigned July 5 in Palm Beach County court.
The video brings to life the troubling images contained in an incident report from the four Jupiter police officers who were at the scene.
Their speech is slurred from their first words. When the officer points out that Woods shoe is untied, Woods places their right foot on the front of the police car and starts to fiddle with the laces.
"It's your other shoe that's untied," the officer says as Woods unties the laces.
"Now that one is, too," the officer adds.
When Woods is unable to tie the left shoe, the officer tells them they can take them off. Woods then tells the officer they don't remember what happened or being asleep in their car when police approached.
The field sobriety test was a failure from the start.
Woods struggled to simply put their feet together. When they did, they leaned forward after losing their balance.
They couldn't follow a red light the officer moved from side to side. When asked to walk a straight line by going heel-to-toe nine times, Woods staggered from the starting position. They never connected heel-to-toe. They often strayed outside the white line and occasionally lost their balance.
Woods couldn't raise one leg 6 inches off the round.
On their third try of understanding the alphabet instructions, they made it from A to Z.
The next instruction from the officer was to place their hands behind their back as they cuffed them and told them they were being arrested.
Woods, who had their fourth back surgery in three years on April 20, has not played since Feb. 2 in Dubai when they withdrew after the first round because of back spasms. The surgery means they are out for the rest of the PGA Tour season.
This Forbes piece gets it right. GamersGate is a consumer movement created due to a deattached games media that has become hostile to gaming. There is also nothing new here except the game media removing their mask and going totally hostile. For many years, they have been disdainful of gamers and talked down to them. But the outright hostility is what is sparking this. The Zoe Quinn episode was just the spark to an Internet of black powder. Gamers felt this was a problem while the Game media, such as Neogaf's Evillore's contemptuous put-downs on anyone who thought this was a problem, just pissed everyone off. The dam has broken.
GamersGate is also winning. BMW has pulled their advertising from Gawker. While the games media keeps calling for ‘calm' while insulting gamers, some are calling for ‘discussion' which only happens when they are losing. If they were not losing, they certainly would not be calling for discussion. They never called for discussion years ago, did they? No.
Many are trying to turn this into a Right vs. Left political thing, but it is really about a consumer movement. People have no idea how pissed off the consumers are with gaming. No idea. The Big Clue should have been the Wii revolution itself. DS and Wii didn't just succeed because of ‘blue ocean' and ‘expanding the market', they succeeded because they tapped into being More Than Just Consoles by being a Consumer Movement itself. People who were attracted to the Wii were Not Happy with the Games Industry.
This site has always been Anti-Game Industry and Anti-Game Journalism. It's long been noted how game journalists would rather be considered an ‘insider' instead of aligning with their readers/viewers (you know, gamers). It is funny to me to watch people in the game media be so stunned at the pushback they are receiving. They thought this would be like movies or music with little resistance. But enthusiast gaming has the highest concentration of men. Many people are gamers because there is nothing on TV for them to watch, there isn't much worthwhile going on in movies, and books aren't as fun as they used to be.
But you and I know that people are not upset over GamersGate because of what the believers of it think and feel. They don't care what they think or feel. They know they have felt distraught for so long. It is the tactics GamersGate is using that is truly upsetting them. Other people are noticing this too.
At the risk of engaging in some questionable psychoanalysis, allow me to suggest that one of the reasons the left is so disturbed by the rise of #GamerGate is that this is the first time in many years that these self-proclaimed Social Justice Warriors have met any sort of organized pushback. And they find it doubly infuriating to see the tools they have used so successfully—the Twitter mob, the email campaign, the claims of grievance—turned against them. This is why you see Whedon et al resorting to dull ad hominem. “#GamerGate is a hate group” is an easy slogan, one that can be used to intimidate media outlets trying to give the story fair coverage.
I do admit I am enjoying seeing the Social Justice Warriors type look like they ate a stove with all this unexpected pushback coming at them.
Advertisements
QUEENSRŸCHE members Eddie Jackson, Scott Rockenfield, Michael Wilton and Geoff Tate have released the following joint statement:
"We wanted to let QUEENSRŸCHE fans around the world know that an amicable settlement has been reached between Eddie Jackson, Scott Rockenfield, Michael Wilton and Geoff Tate with regard to the future of the QUEENSRŸCHE name. According to the agreement, original QUEENSRŸCHE members Eddie Jackson, Scott Rockenfield and Michael Wilton along with recent members, Todd La Torre and Parker Lundgren, will now be the sole entity recording and touring as QUEENSRŸCHE, performing selections from their entire musical catalog that spans over 30 years of material. Original QUEENSRŸCHE lead singer Geoff Tate will continue to record, perform and pursue a variety of other creative endeavors and, as part of the agreement, will have the exclusive rights to perform 'Operation: Mindcrime I' and 'II' in their entirety as a unique performance. Both sides wish each other well and are excited about what the future holds. We want to thank the fans for standing beside us through this ordeal and look forward to sharing our music with you for years to come."
The QUEENSRŸCHE corporate assets will be evenly divided among Wilton, Jackson, Rockenfield and Tate.
According to The Seattle Times, Tate will embark on a brief QUEENSRŸCHE "farewell" tour this summer before launching a new chapter their career.
"It's the rebirth of QUEENSRŸCHE and the way it used to be," Wilton told The Seattle Times. "We're rebuilding the QUEENSRŸCHE name."
Added Tate: "One thing that's really important for people to understand is that this never went to court. They [Wilton, Jackson and Rockenfield] bought the name from me. But I retain 'Operation: Mindcrime'. It's sort of similar to the PINK FLOYD situation where Roger Waters retained 'The Wall'. 'Mindcrime' was my thing and my story, so it's appropriate that I keep that. So they will continue on as QUEENSRŸCHE, and I will continue on as me."
QUEENSRŸCHE guitarist Michael Wilton recently revealed that the band is continuing work on material for the follow-up to last year's self-titled effort. "We've already begun the process for the next album," they said. "We have probably six songs demoed so far. We're taking it in a direction suited to what we do as QUEENSRŸCHE but maybe a little more progressive and heavier. The thing is, you never know what you really have until it's complete. It's like carving a piece of clay and seeing how it turns out. You peel off the layers until you get to something really cool."
Tate — who was fired from the Seattle progressive rock band in 2012 after fronting it for three decades — and their wife, Susan, QUEENSRŸCHE's former manager, filed a lawsuit in June 2012 asking the judge to award them the rights to the band's name in exchange for Tate paying Eddie Jackson (bass), Michael Wilton (guitar) and Scott Rockenfield (drums) the fair market value for their interests in the QUEENSRŸCHE companies. Wilton, Rockenfield and Jackson filed a countersuit against the Tates in which they accused Geoff of creative obstruction and violent behavior, and Susan Tate of questionable business practices.
While ruling against Tate, the presiding judge determined that there was no legal hurdle in Tate also using the name with an all-new lineup of musicians. "I don't see any reason that Mr. Tate can't have the benefit, if they get other members, of whatever name they use of using the brand," Superior Court Judge Carol A. Schapira said during the July 13, 2012 court hearing. "I think [doing that would be] inherently confusing, although I'm sure the market can get these things sorted out," they added.
Wilton, Rockenfield and Jackson last year accused Geoff Tate of "continu[ing] to harm the QUEENSRŸCHE brand" since the Tates' original lawsuit was filed in June 2012. In a court document, they wrote: "The newest self-titled QUEENSRŸCHE CD release by the [Todd La Torre-fronted version of the band] entered the U.S. charts at #23 and continues to get 9-out-of-10-star reviews and is still selling very well on a weekly basis around the globe. In comparison, Geoff Tate released their own QUEENSRŸCHE CD in April of [2013] titled 'Frequency Unknown' and depicted as F.U. on the cover, which entered the charts at #82, received very bad reviews around the world, and has slowed to almost no more weekly sales. [The Todd La Torre-fronted version of QUEENSRŸCHE's] new CD even outperformed the last two CDs of them with Geoff Tate, selling more in a month than the 'Dedicated to Chaos' CD has since its release in 2010, and charting much better than both that album and the previous one, 'American Soldier'. Thus, the return to the classic sound [Tate's former] bandmates have made with the new CD and live shows has been met with overwhelming success."
They added: "Geoff Tate also chose very poorly in hiring live musicians that have shown that they are not capable of representing the correct performances of the QUEENSRŸCHE music legacy, and they were constantly replacing them. They have been offering their low-quality version of QUEENSRŸCHE to the promoters at a much reduced rate, as low as $10,000 per night, when, in fact, [his former] bandmates have done their best to keep the authorized QUEENSRŸCHE at an average of well over $20,000 per show this entire year. However, this becomes harder and harder with Geoff Tate's sub-par band and cut-rate pricing that continues to be damaging to the QUEENSRŸCHE brand and legacy no matter who ultimately wins control after trial."
Trader Sam's Grog Grotto in Disney's Polynesian Village Resort is a tiki bar full of enchantment, adventure… and crazy popular souvenir glasses!
While many of the specialty cocktails on the menu such as Krakatoa Punch, the Uh-Oa!, and the Polynesian Pearl come in souvenir glasses, the granddaddy of them all is: The Nautilus. And the “glass” is now available in its 2nd edition, according to the @WDWToday Twitter account.
The Nautilus — made to serve two — comes to you filled with Barbancourt Pango Rhum, Appleton Estate Reserve Rum, Combier Crème de Pêche de Vigne Liqueur, Tropical Juices, and Falernum. As with the other drinks served in souvenir glasses, ordering one will set off a chain of special effects around the small room that is the Grog Grotto.
Remember: this one comes with a granddaddy of a price tag, too. Be sure to check the price listing (it should be tucked in the back of your menu) before you imbibe. Otherwise, drink up, me hearties, YO HO! (I know, I know… wrong attraction reference for a bar themed around the Jungle Cruise. But, still… RUM!!)
Do you own any Trader Sam's souvenir glasses? Please let us know with a comment!
TORONTO (AP) — American actor Randy Quaid said Wednesday in an interview that they could be deported from Canada next week, bringing years of issues with the country's border authorities to an end.
In a phone interview with The Associated Press from a detention center in Laval, Quebec, Quaid said they were arrested by Canada Border Services while doing a regular check-in on Tuesday.
"They won't allow me to remain," Quaid said.
Immigration and Refugee Board spokesperson Robert Gervais said Quaid will have a detention review hearing Thursday, and confirmed the arrest. Officials said they were unable to give further details.
Quaid's bid for permanent residency in Canada was denied in 2012, and it can take years for deportation to follow. They were arrested in Montreal in May after becoming the subject of a nationwide arrest warrant when they stopped checking in border authorities. They later apologized and was released, with the requirement to check in every two weeks.
Quaid said they have a deportation order for Tuesday, and Thursday's hearing is about whether they can remain in the country. They said there's a chance authorities could delay the deportation for a few weeks.
The actor and their Canadian wife fled the U.S. in 2010, saying they were victims of persecution. Quaid has sought to stay in Canada, saying they were being hunted by "Hollywood star-whackers" who had killed their friends David Carradine and Heath Ledger.
The couple faces legal problems in the U.S. They began in 2010, when the Quaids were charged with trespassing and causing more than $5,000 in damage to the guesthouse of a California home they once owned. They were allegedly squatting in it when they were arrested. Two days before they were charged, they traveled to Vancouver, British Columbia.
Santa Barbara Senior Deputy District Attorney Lee Carter said Wednesday there is an active extradition order for Quaid on a felony vandalism case, and prosecutors would be seeking their extradition if he's returned to the United States. Carter said Quaid and their wife, Evi, also face felony charges for failing to appear at a November 2010 court hearing while out on bail.
"I probably will get arrested for all that. I'm perfectly willing to face all that stuff," Quaid said Wednesday. "I would like to have the issues in Santa Barbara resolved so I can move on with my life."
© The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 28, 2010 file photo, actor Randy Quaid arrives for an immigration hearing in Vancouver. Quaid says they could be deported from Canada next week and says he'd like to make movies in the U.S. again. They say they were detained by Canada Border Services on Tuesday, Oct. 6, 2015. Immigration and Refugee Board spokesperson Robert Gervais confirms the arrest and says Quaid will have a detention review hearing Thursday. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Jonathan Hayward, File)
Randy Quaid is the older brother of actor Dennis Quaid and is best known for their roles in films such as "National Lampoon's Vacation" and "Independence Day."
They said the couple's behavior, statements and videos they've posted to social media, including a sex tape, are an act and a way of expressing themselves.
"I don't know how you go about correcting perceptions. It's like trying to put the genie out back in the bottle. For 40 years I was well respected," they told the AP.
They said they don't regret calling powerful people in the movie business "Hollywood star-whackers."
"I don't mean it in a literal sense. I think the people I'm going after would like to see me dead, absolutely, but whether they would act on that, I don't know," they said.
Quaid also said they would like to return to making films and called their wife "the best director I ever worked with." But they said major movie studios make boring movies and called the people who run them "a bunch of crooks."
___
AP Entertainment Writer Anthony McCartney in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - China's banks are muscling into Australia by financing fast-growing Chinese property and corporate investments Down Under, invoking a warning from the Australian regulator that rapid expansion by foreign lenders is a potential systemic threat.
A teller at a branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) works behind the counter in central Sydney, Australia, April 7, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray
Total loans by Chinese banks that operate in Australia grew by more than 36 percent in the year to end-February compared with a 9 percent growth in loans overall, according to the latest Australian government data.
And more Chinese lenders are looking to set up shop in the $1.2 trillion Australian economy that is dominated by four major domestic banks. China Merchants Bank is finalizing plans to open its first branch in the country this year, sources told Reuters.
But the speedy growth of foreign banks, spearheaded by Chinese lenders, is worrying Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) Governor Glenn Stevens. In March they cited the risk of overheated markets and consequent loan losses to the domestic banking system from foreign lenders' unbridled growth, and also criticized them for being fair-weather friends in the past.
Foreign lenders' expansion and the associated risks could be a significant theme in the central bank's half-yearly report on financial stability due later this month, analysts said. Some said RBA may even eventually introduce regulation if the trend of foreign lenders' strong growth continues.
“I don't think regulators would go as far as macroprudential regulatory adjustments...in the short term. If current growth rates continue it's always possible,” said Martin Smith, head of markets analysis at business banking research firm East & Partners.
For Chinese lenders, Australia has emerged as a bright spot, especially as profit growth at home has fallen to a decade-low.
In the $75 billion syndicated-loan market, which funds commercial property and corporate transactions, Chinese banks more than doubled their share in 2015 to 7.1 percent of this market, data from Thomson Reuters Loan Pricing Corp showed.
They are also bulking up in the residential property and consumer loans businesses.
Chinese investment in Australia is surging. China beat the United States for the second straight year to become the top investor in Australia in 2014/15 by value of all approvals, mainly driven by property, according to the latest government data. China's industrial investment also feeds its hunger to secure global supply chains.
“Our primary client base is Chinese, we are following the movements of our China clients,” a Sydney-based loans banker at a top Chinese bank told Reuters of the push into Australia. The banker declined to be identified as they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Major Chinese banks lending in Australia include Bank of China, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) and China Construction Bank.
China Merchants Bank and the other lenders did not respond to requests for comment.
BOOM-BUST CYCLE
RBA's Stevens fears that the rapid growth in lending, especially to property developers, would create oversupply in the market and a boom-bust cycle could eventually lead to large loan losses for all banks. That would spill over to an economy already grappling with a severe commodity downturn.
“One is duty bound to observe that there is a history of foreign players expanding aggressively in the upswing only to have to retreat quickly when more difficult times come,” Stevens said in a speech last month. They did not single out China, but its banks are the fastest growing among foreign lenders in Australia.
For the main domestic banks - Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank and Westpac Banking Corp - the growth at the Asian lenders comes as another challenge as they seek to improve shareholder returns and profits amid slowing revenue growth and stricter regulatory capital rules.
Stevens did welcome the stiffer competition in lending, as the dominance of the big banks had risen after European and U.S. lenders retreated following the global financial crisis. RBS, Barclays and the arm of General Electric are among lenders that have pulled back from Australia in recent years.
An illuminated sign for the Bank of China is displayed outside a branch in central Sydney, Australia, April 7, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray
The big four domestic banks together account for nearly half the total share of Australia's syndicated loans and over 80 percent of $1.75 trillion overall loans.
Some industry players said the presence of foreign players will benefit the loan market as a whole.
“The fact that there are more players willing to participate in deals is good news,” said John Corrin, ANZ's head of loan syndications in Hong Kong, as more players mean greater liquidity in the market.
The chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee is pushing to fast-track legislation that would require police to obtain a warrant before accessing emails and other private online messages.
Sen. Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE's (D-Vt.) goal is for the Senate to unanimously approve their bill before the August recess, according to one of their committee aides. Any opposition could delay a vote until after Congress returns in the fall.
ADVERTISEMENT
They have secured unanimous support from their fellow Democrats and is in negotiations with Sen.(R-Iowa), the Judiciary Committee's ranking member, and other Republicans to address their concerns.Leahy's aide claimed that even if a floor vote is delayed until after the recess, they are already "way past" the 60 votes they would need to overcome a filibuster and approve the bill, which is co-sponsored by Republican Sen.(Utah).Gregory Nojeim, a senior counsel for the Center for Democracy and Technology and a supporter of stronger privacy protections, said that the news of the National Security Agency's surveillance programs has given Leahy's bill a new boost of momentum."Revelations about NSA spying have made members of Congress very concerned about privacy," Nojeim said. "I think a lot of members are eager to vote for privacy legislation, and this provides that opportunity."Leahy's bill would not affect the NSA programs, but it would curb the ability of local and federal law enforcement officials to access private online messages.Under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) of 1986, police only need a subpoena, issued without a judge's approval, to force Internet companies to turn over emails that have been opened or that are more than 180 days old.When lawmakers passed ECPA more than 25 years ago, they failed to anticipate that email providers would offer massive online storage. They assumed that if a person hadn't downloaded and deleted an email within six months, it could be considered abandoned and wouldn't require strict privacy protections.Leahy and privacy advocates argue that ECPA is woefully out of date and that police should need a warrant, based on probable cause and approved by a judge, to read a person's emails.The bill has the strong support of Internet companies like Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft, who argue that the current law erodes trust in online services."Users expect, as they should,that the documents they store online have the same Fourth Amendment protections as they do when the government wants to enter the home to seize documents stored in a desk drawer," Richard Salgado, a Google official, said at a House hearing earlier this year.The Senate Judiciary Committee overwhelmingly approved Leahy's bill in April, and a bipartisan group of House lawmakers are working on companion legislation.But Grassley and some other Republicans are concerned that the warrant requirement could hinder civil regulatory investigations. Warrants are only available for criminal investigations.Mary Jo White, chairperson of the Securities and Exchange Commission, sent a letter to Judiciary Committee senators earlier this year, explaining that few of their agency's cases involve criminal charges. They warned that applying a warrant requirement to the SEC would impede the agency's “ability to protect investors and to assist victims of securities fraud."Grassley echoed White's concerns at the committee vote on Leahy's bill, and has sought changes to the legislation.But Leahy and privacy advocates argue that regulators can still obtain relevant information by directly subpoenaing the individuals or companies who are under investigation. They say defendants and their lawyers should be making decisions about when to withhold irrelevant or privileged documents, not a third-party Internet provider who isn't involved in a case.
In an interview with NBC News this past Sunday, Bill Maher said that GOP voters are “just corporate America's useful idiots."
"I understand why the one percent — the richest one percent — vote Republican,” the liberal comedian told Harry Smith on "Meet the Press.”
“They deserve those votes. You know what, they represent the richest one percent perfectly," they added. "Anybody else who does? Just corporate America's useful idiots."
“Who are you most displeased with these days, Republicans or Democrats?” Smith asked.
“Oh, come on. Really? Seriously? Republicans,” Maher said. “In the last 20 years, it's not really been a choice. They just drove the short bus to crazy town.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Smith asked Maher how their comedy tour goes over in red states.
“Better than blue states even,” Maher said. “But there is an extra added excitement in a red state, in places where people don't often see someone like me. There is not a place in America so red that I can't get 3,000 screaming atheists to come see me — on a Sunday.”
“What's wrong with us?” Smith asked, referring to Americans.
“Well, gosh, where to begin?” Maher responded. “Well, first of all we're not very well informed. I mean, the political process; people used to take civics and they at least knew how the country worked.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“We have become a county where science is pooh-poohed,” they continued. “It's another one of those things that has somehow become politicized. People never used to argue that much about science. We might argue about how we take these facts … but we didn't argue about the facts themselves. That's not true anymore.”
Sources: Mediaite, Talking Points Memo
undefined
• All-rounder will compete with Alex Hales for winter Test place • Adam Lyth likely to be dropped for away series with Pakistan and South Africa
Moeen Ali is set to return to England's 50-over side as an opener for the upcoming one-day series against Australia. Moeen and their expected partner, Alex Hales, will be vying to join Alastair Cook at the top of the Test batting order for the away series against Pakistan.
The 28-year-old was deployed there during last winter's World Cup but missed the electric 3-2 series win over New Zealand in June as the selectors looked to keep them playing red-ball cricket for Worcestershire before the Ashes.
In their absence, the Surrey right-hander Jason Roy was paired with Hales and while their top score in five matches was 38, their stunning opening stand of 100 in 10.4 overs in the fourth one-dayer at Trent Bridge did set up a record chase of 350.
However, Moeen is considered part of England's first-choice one-day XI and, after operating as a frustrated No8 in Tests this summer, has been told they will partner Hales against the world champions, starting in Southampton on 3 September, with the squad to be named next week. Reports on Saturday night suggested Joe Root and Ben Stokes were also likely to be rested from the five-match series.
The alliance of Moeen and Hales will throw up an intriguing subplot, giving the head coach, Trevor Bayliss, a closer look at their talents against the new ball – albeit in 50-over cricket – as England consider options to replace Adam Lyth in the Test side for the tours to the United Arab Emirates and South Africa.
Lyth went into the fifth Test here with Cook admitting that runs were needed if the Yorkshireman was to make the plane. The left-hander failed twice, however, with a duffed pull to mid-on off Peter Siddle in the first innings followed up by edging the same man to second slip for 10 .
The 27-year-old has averaged 12.8 in the series and, despite a century in their second Test against New Zealand at Headingley in May, has struggled to convince observers that their run-making abilities at county level can translate on to the international stage.
Nottinghamshire's Hales, who passed 1,000 first-class runs for the season en route to 189 against Warwickshire on Friday, is pushing hard to replace Lyth. But with Pakistan next up on the turning pitches of the UAE, the management are also considering Moeen as a way of accommodating the uncapped leg-spinner Adil Rashid.
Surrey's Zafar Ansari, a left-arm spin-bowling all-rounder who won their solitary one-day cap against Ireland in May, is another in consideration for the Test trip with Yorkshire's Gary Ballance expected to return to the squad as reserve batsman after making a point with their 165 against Sussex at Hove.
Ballance, who was dropped after the second Test at Lord's, is waiting to hear whether they will retain their central contract, with the director of England cricket, Andrew Strauss, set to announce the recipients for 2015-16 next month after their list is signed off by the England and Wales Cricket Board.
Strauss's selections for the year ahead will be intriguing, with the deals having previously handed been out in alignment with England's first-choice Test side since their introduction in 2000. But upon their appointment at the start of the summer, and in the wake of the dismal white-ball campaign last winter, Strauss went on record to state that one-day cricketers should be given equal importance as they plan for the World Cup on home soil in 2019.
Cook, Jimmy Anderson, Stuart Broad and Ian Bell are now seemingly single-format players whereas, for example, Eoin Morgan, who has not been centrally contracted since 2013, is captain of the one-day and Twenty20 sides.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A DOG who was hit by a train going 40 mph before bouncing 12ft in the air has made a miracle recovery.
Archie, who lives at the Corrour Station made famous by the movie Trainspotting, was feasting on a deer carcass near the tracks on April 25 when they were struck.
Engrossed in their meal, the German Wirehaired Pointer failed to notice the Glasgow to Mallaig sprinter heading theirs way.
Remarkably, the two-year-old survived and walked away with a broken diaphragm and internal bleeding.
Back home from a week-long stay at the Glasgow Vet School, owners Lizzie MacKenzie and Ollie Bennett are relieved their loveable pooch is on the mend.
Ollie, 25, said: “Archie is now back on Corrour and he's obviously a bit sore but he's looking relatively perky.
“I was speaking to the train driver and apparently Archie fully bounced off the train, 12ft in the air and rolled down the embankment.
“It was quite a hard hit. We've been told that all the vets in the country are talking about this miracle dog who was hit by a train and survived.
“Archie's recently taught themselves to open the door and used this new trick to let themselves out of the house around the time of the last train of the day.
“He does suffer from selective hearing at times and wouldn't come back inside.
“We can only presume they were tucking into a deer carcass on the tracks and didn't think to move when they saw the bright lights of the Glasgow - Mallaig sprinter heading their way.”
Ollie explained that the train had left the station, which is located on Rannoch Moor, and was around a mile away and almost at full speed when it hit Archie.
They added: “He had some wounds on their ribs and their right hand side lung was damaged but most of their injuries actually came from rolling down the embankment.
“He's really quite lucky because if they had bounced the other way on to the tracks, it would have been a very different story.
“He's a lucky boy but they bloody better stay away from the tracks!”
Thankfully the much-loved dog has since made a full recovery and returned home on May 5.
Big Brother show contestant donates to SC boys home Copyright by WBTW - All rights reserved Video
GEORGETOWN, SC (WBTW) - James Huling, who was a contestant on season 17 of the CBS show Big Brother, joined News13 NOW at 9 a.m. on Thursday. They talked about their summer spent in the Big Brother house and their thoughts on some of the contestants. Watch the video for the full interview.
Huling now lives in Texas, but they were in South Carolina to visit and give a donation to Tara Hall Home for Boys in Georgetown County.
Huling spent several of their teenage years at Tara Hall. They presented the director with a check for $1,250. The money they raised came from the sale of T-shirt their friends and family sold during the show. The camo-patterned shirts have the word "#HillbillyAsian" printed on the front. "Hillbilly Asian" is a nickname for Huling.
"Tara Hall has made a great impact on me," Huling said. "I learned the fundamental skills here. This is where I got my roots from - being southern. Everybody's like, 'You're a hillbilly Asian. Where'd you learn to fish? Where'd you learn to hunt. Where'd you get your Southern accent?' I got it from right here."
The money Huling donated will help Tara Hall pay for repairs to its riverfront area, including docks and gazebos. Flooding earlier in October caused an estimated $100,000 in damage to the riverfront area. Flood water also came within a few inches of some buildings, but did not get inside. To donate directly to the flood-repair fund, there is a GoFundMe page at: www.gofundme.com/SCFloodingTaraHall
Other details about the school, including how to make any donations can be found at www.tarahall.org
Only a year ago, it seemed almost unimaginable to Alexander Rossi that they would be competing with Andretti Herta Autosport with Curb-Agajanian in the Verizon IndyCar Series. Even more unfathomable was the possibility that this rookie would win the historic 100th Running of the Indianapolis 500-Mile Race presented by PennGrade Motor Oil.
But for a young man whose racing skills were honed on the tracks of Europe, an all-American dream soon became their reality.
This past weekend, only a few days before the season finale at Sonoma Raceway on Sept. 18, Rossi returned to their hometown of Nevada City, Calif., and its sister Grass Valley, to thank those who helped make their racing career and Indy 500 legacy a reality.
“Coming back home has been pretty spectacular. It's been four months from the month of May and over a year since I've been here last,” Rossi said. “It's been amazing to see people that I haven't seen in a long time and a community that has supported me since I've been very young.”
At a dinner Saturday evening, Rossi and their father, Pieter, went out of their way to thank family, close friends, sponsor NAPA Auto Parts and the private investors that funded their early career.
“Last night we had the opportunity to host a dinner and have 150 people that either I knew personally, I've been connected with through my family, through motorsports … and also local officials from the community,” the Indianapolis 500 champion said Sunday. “It was amazing for me to have just 10 minutes to tell them what they've meant to me and how proud I am to represent Nevada County on a global stage.”
Despite their efforts to focus on their supporters, the community's attention was focused on Rossi and their remarkable win at Indianapolis Motor Speedway this past May, when they stretched their final tank of fuel for 38 laps and literally coasted across the finish line to win the epic race. On Sunday, Rossi was honored by a crowd of 5,000 as they anchored Nevada City's 50th annual Constitution Day parade.
“This is not the first time I've seen the Constitution Day parade,” Rossi said. “It's very cool now to be in it, and it's a little bit weird because I'm used to being on the other side of this.”
Clearly humbled by the experience and touched by the events of the day, Rossi continued. “So it's a huge honor of mine just to be back here and be back at home.”
Imagine a town founded during the California gold rush and seemingly untouched by time. Rossi and the Borg-Warner Trophy – the iconic sterling silver prize adorned with the likenesses of every Indianapolis 500 winner, with Rossi's bas relief face soon to be added – rolled through the streets to the cheers of small-town folks who see Rossi as their champion. “Hopefully we have a new community of fans for the Verizon IndyCar Series,” they said.
The events sparked local interest in the upcoming GoPro Grand Prix of Sonoma, the season-ending event to decide the 2016 champion at nearby Sonoma Raceway. But the town's focus was also on Rossi and their ability to add Sunoco Rookie of the Year honors for the Verizon IndyCar Series to their list of accomplishments this season.
“It's the first time that I've raced so close to home,” Rossi added. “We have the opportunity to clinch rookie of the year. We have the opportunity to go out as the top Honda (in the championship standings).”
Determination rose in their voice as they added, “It's an important weekend to us and it makes sense that it is so close to home.”
In the past year, INDYCAR fans were introduced to Rossi and have accepted them as their own. But after this weekend, it was clear that the roots of the 24-year-old's support come from their hometown. INDYCAR racing may have captured Alexander Rossi's imagination but, clearly, Nevada City has their heart.
Russia to build eight more reactors in Iran
11 November 2014
Share
UPDATED - This article has been updated with further details from the agreement between Russia and Iran.
Russia has agreed to build up to eight new nuclear power reactor units in Iran - four at Bushehr and four at another, yet to be determined site.
Salehi (left) and Kirienko sign agreements for up to eight new Iranian reactors
(Image: Rosatom)
The agreement – one of a series of documents broadening the cooperation of Russia and Iran in the field of the peaceful use of atomic energy - was signed in Moscow by Sergey Kirienko, Rosatom director general, and Ali-Akbar Salehi, vice-president of Iran and head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI).
Kirienko and Salehi signed a protocol to the intergovernmental agreement between the two countries concerning cooperation in construction of a nuclear power plant in Iran of 25 August, 1992 and the interagency memorandum of understanding concerning the broadening of their cooperation in the peaceful use of atomic energy.
In their presence, a contract for construction of two power units for Bushehr Phase II was signed by the heads of Rosatom subsidiary NIAEP-ASE and the Nuclear Power Production and Development Company of Iran.
Bushehr is in the southwest of Iran, on the Persian Gulf.
Rosatom said that, according to the protocol to the intergovernmental agreement, the parties intend to cooperate in construction of an additional four power units with VVER reactors on a turn-key basis at the site of the Bushehr nuclear power plant, as well as four similar power units on another site in Iran, to be determined by the Iranian party at a later date.
The parties "intend to ensure the maximum possible participation of enterprises and organizations of the Islamic Republic of Iran in all works related to the construction of new power units on the sites, their operation and decommissioning," Rosatom said.
The entire construction project of the nuclear power units in Iran, including equipment and nuclear fuel supplies, will be under the IAEA safeguards and fully meet the nuclear nonproliferation regime the same way as during construction of the first power unit of Bushehr nuclear power plant, it added.
Under the protocol, Rosatom will provide nuclear fuel "throughout the entire lifecycle" of the eight new power units. Used nuclear fuel will be returned to Russia for reprocessing and storage.
Rosatom will arrange the training of Iranian specialists in the operation, servicing and corresponding engineering support for the new plants, as well as in the field of regulation of nuclear and radiation safety.
According to the text of the signed memorandum, the two sides have "confirmed their intent to cooperate in the field of the nuclear fuel cycle and ecology", Rosatom said. In particular, they plan "to go into the issue of the economic expediency and feasibility of fabricating fuel rod components in Iran, which will be used at these power units."
Unit 1 at the Bushehr nuclear power plant is a VVER V-446 pressurised water reactor unit, which began commercial operation in September 2013.
Representatives from the AEOI and Rosatom met in Tehran on 12 March to discuss their continued cooperation under an accord signed in 1992.
An AEOI spokesperson said that meeting had resulted in the two parties initialling a draft agreement for the construction of two more reactors of at least 1000 MWe each at the existing Bushehr plant. Two desalination plants would also be part of the overall project.
German constructor Siemens KWU began work on two pressurized water reactors at the Bushehr site on the Persian Gulf in 1975, but work was abandoned in 1979. In 1994, Russia agreed with the AEOI to complete Bushehr unit 1 as a VVER-1000 unit, using mostly the infrastructure already in place. This plan also necessitated major changes, including fabrication of all the main reactor components in Russia under a construction contract with AtomStroyExport.
After years of delay, the Bushehr plant was finally connected to the grid on 4 September 2011, supplying around 60 MWe. Output from the 1000 MWe reactor has since been gradually increased, reaching full capacity in September 2013. Russia is supplying fuel to Bushehr which, once used, will be returned to Russia for reprocessing and storage.
Details
The protocol is "set to transform" the energy infrastructure and economy of Iran, which is around 90% dependent on domestically-produced oil and gas for its electricity, Rosatom said in a separate statement giving further details of the protocol. As many as nine million homes in Iran will be supplied with electricity by the expanded nuclear facilities, meeting around a third of the country's power needs and enabling its hydrocarbon reserves to be conserved for future export.
The further expansion of the Bushehr plant is the "cornerstone" of the agreement, Rosatom said. It is the only civilian nuclear power facility in operation in the Middle East, and with a 1 GWe VVER-1000 reactor, today supplies one million Iranian homes.
The "exact type" of the two further VVER nuclear reactors to be built at Bushehr "in the short term", as well as the financial terms and timetable of the project, will be agreed "in the coming months", Rosatom said. Two further reactors will be built at Bushehr "in the medium term". A new seawater desalination plant is "under consideration" that would be powered by the expanded nuclear power plant. In addition, the parties agreed to develop "an entirely new” nuclear plant, with four VVER reactors, at another site.
Kirienko said in the company statement that the projects will "deliver transformational social, economic and environmental benefits" for Iran.
The separate MoU will see the parties work together "on the feasibility of assembling fuel bundles in Iran, which will be economic once all eight new reactors are grid-connected, and reflects a global trend towards localized assembly in nuclear fuel supply," Rosatom said.
Under licence by Rosatom, production of fuel assemblies for VVER units began at the Yibin Nuclear Fuel Factory in China in 2010, and the company has agreements to develop similar facilities in Ukraine and South Africa.
Rosatom's nuclear fuel manufacturing subsidiary, TVEL, will supply Iran with complete fuel assemblies for the eight reactors for the whole period of their operation.
According to the text of the protocol, the Iranian party shall ensure that the nuclear fuel "shall be used exclusively" at Bushehr and the other yet-to-be-determined site for the new reactors.
The protocol also states that, to initiate negotiations on development of a general contract on construction of the first two of four additional units at Bushehr, Russia will provide Iran with a technical-commercial proposal and the draft of the general contract within six months of Iran's decision on its preferred type of reactor.
Researched and written
by World Nuclear News
Related topics
UPDATE: Sheen has responded in a letter to TMZ, which reads in part:
"What does this say about Haim Levine [Chuck Lorre] after they tried to use their words to judge and attempt to degrade me. I gracefully ignored this folly for 177 shows ... I fire back once and this contaminated little maggot can't handle my power and can't handle the truth. I wish them nothing but pain in their silly travels especially if they wind up in my octagon."
Sheen had challenged Lorre, whose real name is Chaim Levine, to fight them in an ultimate fighting-type match for control of the show. For the entire letter, click over to TMZ.
___
PREVIOUSLY:
Charlie Sheen called themselves a Vatican assassin. Fitting -- they just killed their show.
CBS announced that, in the wake of their withering attacks on "Two And A Half Men" creator Chuck Lorre, they are canceling production on the rest of the show's season.
"Based on the totality of Charlie Sheen's statements, conduct and condition, CBS and Warner Bros. Television have decided to discontinue production of Two and a Half Men for the remainder of the season," a statement from the studio and network read.
Just Wednesday, the network announced that Sheen had returned to work and that they would film four new episodes. The show had taken a hiatus as Sheen headed to rehab, though they argued with the network over the decision -- and the pay the cast and crew were missing out on.
Sheen, in an interview with Alex Jones and later with TMZ, ripped Lorre in attacks that some saw as anti-semitic.
Sheen told Jones:
"I'm tired of being told 'You can't talk about that, you can't talk about that.' Bull S-H-I-T. There's something this side of deplorable that a certain Chaim Levine -- yeah, that's Chuck's real name -- mistook this rock star for their own selfish exit strategy, bro. Check it, Alex: I embarrassed them in front of their children and the world by healing at a pace that their unevolved mind cannot process. Last I checked, Chaim, I spent close to the last decade effortlessly and magically converting your tin cans into pure gold. And the gratitude I get is this charlatan chose not to do their job, which is to write. Clearly someone who believes he's above the law."
By Ernesto Castellanos, notifight.com
Bryan Vera (23-7) will have to wait until next February to get a chance at avenging last month's decision loss to Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. (47-1-1, 32Kos). The fight was going to happen on a date in December, but Top Rank's CEO Bob Arum said they met with HBO and it was determined that Chavez-Vera II would get pushed to next year.
Chavez plans to continue their career at super middleweight. They failed to make the 168 limit for the match with Vera, which led to the contract weight being increased to 173-pounds. The fight ended in a controversial ten round unanimous decision in favor of Chavez. Most observers felt Vera had done enough to win.
"I feel very strong at super middleweight, and that's where I will continue my career. I will give a rematch to Bryan Vera, a brave fighter and then I want to face Andre Ward and Carl Froch, I want to be the best in the world at this weight," Chavez Jr. said.
– Four more people are facing criminal charges in the Flint water investigation.
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette on Tuesday charged two former State of Michigan Emergency Managers, Darnell Earley and Gerald Ambrose, with multiple 20-year felonies for their failure to protect the citizens of Flint from health hazards caused by contaminated drinking water.
“The crisis in Flint was a casualty of arrogance, disdain and a failure of management. An absence of accountability,” Scheutte said in a statement. “We will proceed to deliver justice and hold those accountable who broke the law.”
Frmr Emerg mgrs Darnell Early & Gerald Ambrose charged in Flint water crisis. Also 2 Ex cityFlint execs @wwjmiddays pic.twitter.com/UxP57fvpgg — Laura Bonnell (@LBonnellWWJ) December 20, 2016
Additionally, Schuette announced that Earley and Ambrose, along with ex-City of Flint executives Howard Croft and Daugherty Johnson, also face felony charges of false pretenses and conspiracy to commit false pretenses related to their roles in a process that led to the issuance bonds to pay for a portion of the Karegnondi Water Authority (KWA) project.
Tuesday's s announcement was the third round of criminal charges brought by Schuette in the Flint Water Investigation. Schuette has also filed a round of civil lawsuits against water supply engineering firms.
What Went Wrong
The false pretenses and conspiracy to commit false pretense charges against Earley and Amborse are based on the defendants gaining authorization to borrow millions using the alleged reason of an environmental calamity.
[A Timeline Of The Flint Water Crisis]
Without the funds from Flint, the KWA Pipeline would have to be mothballed. However, as a bankrupt city, Flint needed the Michigan Department of Treasury's approval to get loans.
Emergency Manager Earley's attempts to get funds in January and February of 2014 were rejected because the City was in receivership, had a $13-million deficit and no credit rating. State law banned the City from accumulating any more debt.
However, the defendants allegedly used the Home Rule City Act emergency bond clause, created to deal with cases of “fire, flood, or other calamity,” to borrow the tens of millions required to pay for Flint's portion of the KWA. The clean-up of a troublesome lime sludge lagoon – holding by-products of water treatment – became the vehicle to get a state waiver for the bonds.
To make the situation even worse, tucked inside the 15-page Statement of Purpose for an upgrade of Flint's Water Treatment Plant system was a one-paragraph requirement that bound the city to use the Flint River as an interim water source, and the Flint Water Treatment Plant as the sanitizing and distribution center.
The Flint Water Treatment Plant, however, was not ready to produce safe, clean water to the citizens of Flint. Regardless, the Defendants mandated the City to use the Flint Water Treatment Plant as part of the deal to get the ability to issue bonds.
Defendants Croft and Johnson allegedly pressured employees of the Flint Water Treatment Plant to get the plant in working order before April of 2014, the scheduled date for re-start. When the deadline closed in, rather than sound the alarm, the defendants allegedly ignored warnings and test results and shut off the pipes pulling clean water from Detroit, and turned on the Flint River valves.
Defendants and Charges
Darnell Earley — Earley, of Lansing, was appointed as Flint's Emergency Manager by Gov. Rick Snyder, serving from September 2013 until January 2015.  They are charged with the following:
• False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
— Allegedly participated in a process that allowed the use bonds to fund the construction of the KWA pipeline despite the City's problem with its high debt level. The City of Flint, with MDEQ approval, used an exception to state law by claiming the bonds were needed to fund an emergency cleanup of a retention pond, when in fact the funds were intended to pay for the KWA. During that time, the defendants actively worked in various fashions to discourage a return to using water produced by the Detroit Water and Sewer Department, require the use of Flint River water through a Flint Water Treatment Plant, that was deemed unready for service by several people involved with its management, and to ensure the construction of the KWA.
• Conspiracy to Commit False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
• Misconduct in Office, Felony, 5 Years and/or $10,000.00
— Allegedly allowed the Flint Water Treatment Plant to produce water despite knowledge the plant was not ready for use, allowed Flint to enter into a contract requiring use of the Flint Water Treatment Plant during that time, and authorized false and misleading public statements that the water was safe to drink.
• Willful Neglect of Duty in Office, Misdemeanor: 1 Year and/or $1,000.00
— Allegedly failed to perform their duty of protecting the public health.
Gerald Ambrose — Ambrose, of Wyoming, MI, began working for the City of Flint in January 2012, first as finance director for three emergency managers and then succeeded Earley when they were appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder as emergency manager from January 2015 to April of 2015.  They are charged with the following:
• False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
— Allegedly participated in a process that allowed the use bonds to fund the construction of the KWA pipeline despite the City's problem with its high debt level. The City of Flint, with MDEQ approval, used an exception to state law by claiming the bonds were needed to fund an emergency cleanup of a retention pond, when in fact the funds were intended to pay for the KWA. During that time, the defendants actively worked in various fashions to discourage a return to using water produced by the Detroit Water and Sewer Department, require the use of Flint River water through a Flint Water Treatment Plant, that was deemed unready for service by several people involved with its management, and to ensure the construction of the KWA.
• Conspiracy to Commit False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
• Misconduct in Office, Felony, 5 Years and/or $10,000.00
— Allegedly obstructed and hindered a healthcare investigation conducted by the Genesee County Health Department with regard to the Legionnaires' disease outbreak.
• Willful Neglect of Duty in Office, Misdemeanor: 1 Year and/or $1,000.00
— Allegedly failed to perform their duty of protecting the public health.
Howard Croft and Daugherty Johnson — Croft was the City of Flint's Director of the Department of Public Works from December 2011 to November 17, 2015. Johnson served as the City of Flint's Utilities Director for the Department of Public Works. They are charged with the following:
• False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
— Croft and Johnson are alleged to have aided and abetted Defendants Ambrose and Earley in in a process that allowed the use bonds to fund the construction of the KWA pipeline despite the City's problem with its high debt level. The City of Flint, with MDEQ approval, used an exception to state law by claiming the bonds were needed to fund an emergency cleanup of a retention pond, when in fact the funds were intended to pay for the KWA. During that time, the defendants actively worked in various fashions to discourage a return to using water produced by the Detroit Water and Sewer Department, require the use of Flint River water through a Flint Water Treatment Plant, that was deemed unready for service by several people involved with its management, and to ensure the construction of the KWA.
• Conspiracy to Commit False Pretenses, Felony: 20 Years and/or $35,000, or 3 times the value of the money or property involved, whichever is greater.
13 Defendants In Flint Water Case Thus Far
As of Tuesday , in total, Schuette has filed 43 criminal charges against 13 current and former state and local officials since the start of the Flint Water Investigation, which has included interviews with approximately 200 witnesses.
The first round of criminal charges from Schuette's Flint Water Investigation were filed on April 20, 2016 against two Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) employees and one City of Flint employee. Schuette's second legal action took place on June 22, 2016, when they filed a civil suit against water infrastructure firms Veolia and Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam for their roles in the Flint water poisoning crisis. In July, Schuette filed 18 criminal charges against four current and two former employees from two state departments.
The highest U.S. military court will hear the case of a Marine who was punished for refusing to remove a Bible verse from their workstation.
In May, 2013 then-Lance Cpl. Monifa Sterling kept a Bible verse on their computer in three places. The verses read “No weapon formed against me shall prosper,” a modification of the Isaiah 54:17, according to the Catholic News Agency.
Ms. Sterling's staff sergeant demanded they remove the verse, but Ms. Sterling refused, saying they had the right to express their religious freedom.
The next day Ms. Sterling arrived to find the verses had been ripped down from their station. They put them up again. The cycle repeated until Ms. Sterling was court-martialed on Feb. 1, 2014.
They were convicted of disrespecting a superior commissioned officer, failing to go to an appointed place of duty, and disobeying a lawful order on four separate occasions, The Daily Caller reported.
Earlier this year, the U.S. Navy-Marine Corps Court of Criminal Appeals also sided against Ms. Sterling, saying significant damage could be caused by forcing military employees to be exposed to a religious quotation, CNA reported.
“The risk that such exposure could impact the morale or discipline of the command is not slight,” the court said in its ruling. “Maintaining discipline and morale in the military work center could very well require that the work center remain relatively free of divisive or contentious issues such as personal beliefs, religion, politics, etc., and a command may act preemptively to prevent this detrimental effect.”
The case will now go to the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces — the highest military court in America. Oral arguments in the case will likely be heard in the spring.
“Marines fight for the freedom of all Americans and make many sacrifices to do so,” Liberty Institute senior counsel and director of military affairs Michael Berry told CNA. “They should not be denied their most fundamental freedom — religious freedom — which is guaranteed to all.”
Mr. Berry told CNA that the court will now have to determine if the Religious Freedom Restoration Act applies to the military.
“The outcome will send a clear message to people serving in the military on whether their religious freedom will be protected by the military court system,” Mr. Berry said, CNA reported.
Mr. Berry acknowledged that military service members forfeit their full First Amendment rights when they join the armed forces. Soldiers, for examples, do not have full free speech when is comes to expressing their political views. But Mr. Berry argued that doesn't apply to religious exercise.
“Even though there are things that a person in the military would not be allowed to say under free speech, that same logic does not apply to religious expression,” Berry told The Daily Caller. “Religious expression is a unique subset that is given greater protection than free speech.”
Ms. Sterling is currently on appellate leave in North Carolina and is prohibited from performing military duties. They have had trouble finding a good job because of the blemish on their military record. They also do not receive any benefits usually due to veterans because of their bad conduct discharge.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Planned Parenthood closed 32 of its facilities in 2017, according to pro-life organization American Life League (ALL)'s annual report.
Planned Parenthood is the nation's largest provider of abortions. According to ALL, the organization operates nearly half (48.8 percent) of the abortion facilities in the United States.
“The continuing decline of Planned Parenthood facilities belies its public relations hype,” says Jim Sedlak, ALL Executive Director. “The evidence is clear: The American people are fed up with Planned Parenthood. The revelations about its business model and its callous disregard for the lives of human beings are taking their toll on the organization's acceptance.”
ALL observes that Planned Parenthood was at its peak in 1995, operating 938 facilities at that time, and dropping to 597 this year.
“While the numbers continue to show an organization in decline, we do not expect it to go quietly into the night,” Sedlak added. “We expect that Planned Parenthood's leaders, along with its bought-and-paid-for politicians, will continue to spread the lies and demand the American people pay tribute to this satanic organization.”
Despite the support of wealthy celebrities in the entertainment business, Planned Parenthood facilities have been closing rapidly throughout the country due to financial problems.
Most recently, a longstanding Planned Parenthood clinic in Iowa that performed abortions for nearly two decades has closed after the state diverted its taxpayer funds to community health centers that do not perform abortions.
In addition to closures in Iowa, Planned Parenthood affiliates in New Mexico, Wyoming, and North Dakota have closed this year, as well as facilities in Colorado.
“Planned Parenthood's enterprise is crumbling, even while they are still raking in over half a billion dollars a year from taxpayers,” said Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser earlier this year. “Their abortion-centered business model isn't just morally wrong, it's a failure. In a market where there are so many better options, women don't need to get their health care from Planned Parenthood.”
In its own annual report released at the end of May, Planned Parenthood reported increases in abortions, profits, and taxpayer funding, while many of its non-abortion services—including contraception—have shown a marked decrease.
We must continue thank the lawmakers who fight for us, and block the attacks on our health, rights, and communities — and hold those who don't accountable. #ResistanceResolutions pic.twitter.com/ET4m0IUo61 — Planned Parenthood Action (@PPact) December 30, 2017
After years of enjoying its political clout with establishment politicians and the mainstream media, the abortion giant now faces possible elimination of much of its taxpayer funds following years of scandals, including Medicaid fraud, allegations of child sex abuse cover-up, and, most recently, alleged profiteering from the sale of body parts of babies aborted in its clinics.
In a pitch for year-end donations, Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards tweeted that 2017 was a “tough year” for the abortion provider:
Even during a tough year, we've stood strong – and with your help, we'll continue to. #StandWithPP and make a special year-end gift: https://t.co/IIT73NbMMf pic.twitter.com/dzUNHRpRnr — Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) December 29, 2017
The U.S. Department of Justice recently launched a formal investigation into Planned Parenthood over its alleged sale of the body parts of babies aborted in its clinics for a profit.
When artist Robert Wechsler comes across a large number of coins, they don't just trade them in for dollar bills like everybody else. Instead, they see an opportunity for art. Using quarters, dimes, and pennies, Wechsler recently developed this series of complex geometric forms, simply called Money, as a commission for The New Yorker‘s October 14, 2013 money-themed issue.
Whether electronic or material, we all use currency on a daily basis. Through their work, Wechsler invites us to look at the highly valued metal and paper forms with a different perspective. From fresh, shiny, and new, to aged and completely worn, Wechsler uses not just US currency, but also coins from places including Canada, Belize, and Hong Kong. They carefully cut notches into each coin and manually joins them together to create the fascinating variety of shapes and patterns.
In all of their art, the artist reworks objects and shapes into creative shapes and structures, and they say, “My work seeks to awaken undiscovered virtue in everyday objects and spaces by challenging commonplace associations through careful intervention.”
Robert Wechsler's website
The New Yorker website
via [Junkculture]
Minimum wages
You can calculate minimum pay rates, penalties and allowances under an award using our Pay Calculator. Our Pay Calculator can help you find your award if you're not sure.
You can also use our Pay guides to find this information for most classifications under a particular award in a single guide.
If you're covered by an enterprise agreement or other registered agreement, check the agreement for rates.
Certain employees may have different pay entitlements depending on whether they have a reduced work capacity because of disability, if they're under the age of 21 or if they are an apprentice or trainee. For more information about pay for these employees, visit:
There are also some pay arrangements that employers can put in place if their award allows for it and awards with special pay rates. You can find extra information on these types of pay on the pages below:
Minimum wage reviews
Each year, the Fair Work Commission reviews the national minimum wage and pay rates under awards. Any changes that are made begin on the first full pay period on or after 1 July.
Visit Fair Work Commission - Annual wage reviews for more information.
The minimum pay rates discussed on this page refer to gross pay (the amount of pay before tax is taken out). If you have questions about how much tax comes out of a pay rate, please contact the Australian Taxation Office .
High income threshold
The high income threshold is $145,400 as of 1 July 2018.
Think a mistake might have been made? Mistakes can happen. The best way to fix them usually starts with talking. Check out our Help resolving workplace issues section for practical advice on: figuring out if a mistake has been made
talking to your employer or employee about fixing it
getting help from us if you can't resolve it.
What to do next Find pay rates using our Pay Calculator
Subscribe to our email update service to get notified when pay rates change
Check to see What award applies
Find a registered agreement on the Fair Work Commission website Help for small business Find tools, resources and information you might need on our Small business page.
Want to save this information for later? If you might need to read this information again, save it for later so you can access it quickly and easily.
You might also be interested in
Did you find what you were looking for? Yes No Please note that comments aren't monitored for personal information or workplace complaints. If you have a question or concern about your job, entitlements or obligations, please Contact Us. Thank you for your feedback.
Page reference No: 1572
Turkey arrests nine Caribbean islanders attempting to join ISIS in Syria
August 3, 2016 by Joseph Fitsanakis
Turkish police have detained nine citizens of Trinidad and Tobago who were on their way to Syria, allegedly to join the Islamic State. They are believed to have traveled from Trinidad and Tobago to Caracas in Venezuela, and from there to Amsterdam, Holland, before flying to Turkey. Turkey's Daily Sabah newspaper said on Monday that the nine men were captured on July 27, after a police roadblock in south-central Turkey's Adana province stopped a truck heading toward the Syrian border. Upon searching the vehicle, police officers found a Syrian driver and nine passengers, all of whom were Trinidad and Tobago passport holders. All ten men were arrested. The truck's driver has been charged with attempting to smuggle the nine Caribbean islanders to Syria, where, according to Turkish authorities, they were planning to join the Islamic State. Over 30,000 foreign nationals are estimated to have joined the militant Sunni group, which was previously known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Turkish police said on Tuesday that the nine Trinidadians have been transferred to the Provisional Migration Management authority in Adana and will be deported back to the Caribbean later this week. Negotiations are currently underway between the government in Ankara and authorities in Holland and London, to arrange flight stopovers en route to Trinidad. Meanwhile, speaking in Port of Spain, the Trinidadian capital, the Caribbean country's Attorney General, Faris al-Rawi, said that the nine soon-to-be deportees would be kept under strict surveillance once back in Trinidad. They added that investigators would determine any charges that the men might face, and called for “an intelligence-based approach” to the problem of ISIS recruits in the country.
Al-Rawi was referring to dozens of prior instances of Trinidad and Tobago citizens who have joined ISIS in Syria. Last January, Turkish authorities arrested four more Trinidadian nationals who were allegedly on their way to Syria. The Caribbean country's Ministry of National Security has identified 105 men, women and children who left for Syria after ISIS pronounced the establishment of an Islamic caliphate. But nongovernmental sources claim that the actual number of ISIS recruits from Trinidad is closer to 400.
► Author: Joseph Fitsanakis | Date: 03 August 2016 | Permalink
Advertisements
Precarity Pilot is an online platform and a series of nomadic workshops that aim at addressing in inventive ways issues faced by precarious designers.
Shaken by the concerns that emerged from our earlier investigations, namely Designers' Inquiry (2012-2013) and Designing Economic Cultures (2011-2013), Precarity Pilot wants to support designers in re-shaping, re-orienting and taking ownership of the course of their working lives.
In the context of Europe, where cuts to welfare systems and unfair working conditions are making it difficult to confidently imagine the course of one's working life, Precarity Pilot is an attempt to direct our efforts and everyday activities as designers towards constructing a different economic environment – both through what we produce and through the ways we practice and live.
Precarity Pilot is not primarily concerned with stabilising precarious design practices as they are, but rather with creating conditions in which it is possible for designers to imagine and actuate what they could become when not pressured by precariousness to conform to the needs of the market.
If any of the content of this website resonates with you, feel free to get in touch for further discussions: info@precaritypilot.net
Precarity Pilot is a project by Brave New Alps and Caterina Giuliani. Its development has so far been financially supported by: Akademie Schloss Solitude, Leeds College of Art, A-I-R Laboratory – CSW Zamek Ujazdowski, City of Warsaw, Polish National Centre for Culture, ARTI Puglia.
People and groups who have contributed to so far to the online platform:
26'10 South Architects, Åbäke, Geetika Alok, Bananadesign, Jody Boehnert/ecolabs, Francesca Coluzzi, Fieldwork Facility, Footprint Co-op, Formes Vives, Dario Galli, Tabea Glahs, Valeria Graziano, Elaine W. Ho, Kultivator, Agnieszka Łukasik, Make People Do, Gaja Mežnarić Osole, Paolo Plotegher, Precarious Workers Brigade, Škart, Ultrared.
Proofreading: Richard Crow, Polly Hunter, Ann Trusson.
The website has been funded by Akademie Schloss Solitude.
Last edit: 15.11.2017
Ben Carson the presidential candidate occasionally had difficulty expressing their thoughts clearly and effectively.
Ben Carson the presidential-candidate surrogate is no better.
During an appearance on the "Steve Malzberg Show" on Monday, Carson offered this gem when it came to assuring Republicans who were skeptical that Donald Trump has what it takes to be a good president.
"Even if Donald Trump turns out not to be such a great president, which I don't think is the case — I think he's going to surround themselves with really good people — but even if they didn't, we're only looking at four years, as opposed to multiple generations and perhaps the loss of the American dream forever," Carson said.
Ouch.
And not only that; Carson even suggested they may have liked to endorse one of the other candidates rather than Trump.
Former rival Ben Carson endorsed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump March 11 in Palm Beach, Fla., saying they feel "philosophical and spiritual alignment" with the frontrunner. (Reuters)
Carson said they liked Sen. Marco Rubio and Gov. John Kasich but didn't think they could win the Republican nomination. They also said they didn't think that Sen. Ted Cruz could win in the general election.
"I have to look at what is practical and what is going to save this country and the American dream for the next generation," Carson said. "Is there another scenario that I would have preferred? Yes. But that scenario isn't available."
"With one of the other candidates, you mean?" Malzberg asked.
"Yes," Carson replied.
Double ouch.
Then Carson went on to question whether Trump should have offered to pay the legal fees for a man who punched a protester, and they openly talked about how Trump has offered them a role in their administration. Carson declined to say whether they have been promised a Cabinet job.
Kevin Gates will probably never become a big star. He's too rough and raw, too wild and passionate. Their presence is forceful and chaotic, and it's hard to imagine corporate interests ever aligning behind them. Gates can sing and knows how to put together genuinely catchy songs, but he's just as likely to rap furiously for four minutes with no break. They never seems to politic or strategize. They throw practically any moment from their life up on their Instagram, without worrying about how mundane it is. These are not things that rap stars do. It's possible that Gates could ascend to somewhere near that Drake level someday, though it would take serious changes within the genre. Stranger things have happened, I guess, but Gates' career right now appears to be exactly where it should be. The Baton Rouge rapper has a massive and rabid cult audience; they can sell out a decent-sized room in many, many American cities right now. Every once in a while, he'll score a minor radio hit or turn up on a bigger rapper's song, just as long as that other rapper doesn't mind being totally overwhelmed on their own song. He's also a constant threat to go viral in some way or other, thanks to their willingness to frankly discuss their own sexual freakiness, and thanks also to the entertaining and weirdly mesmerizing shit they throw up on Instagram all the time. That's a fun lane for a rapper, but it's not the same thing as stardom.
#khaza #bwa #bwaornothing #idgt A video posted by Kevin Gates (@iamkevingates) on Jun 2, 2015 at 7:35am PDT
Here's the thing, though: Gates can outrap anyone, at any time. There are lots of different ways to measure how good a rapper is. Some, like Drake or Kanye West, can create entire sonic universes that seem to belong entirely to them. Some, like A$AP Rocky or Drake again, are expert curators of rap trends, building sounds out of whatever's floating around in the atmosphere at any particular moment. Some, like Killer Mike, carry enormous blustery authority with them. Some, like Earl Sweatshirt and Vince Staples, are masters at putting together dense and intricate lines. Some, like Kendrick Lamar, seem to crackle with energy and possibility, to carry the promise that the things they're saying might matter. Some, like Young Thug and Rich Homie Quan, are restless stylists, constantly playing around with flow and meter and melody and the way rap might be able to sound. Some, like YG, bring street-level personas that feel entirely lived-in and convincing. Some, like Nicki Minaj, bring a world-bending charisma, a personality big enough to transcend genre. Some, like Chance The Rapper, just make you feel good. Gates doesn't do any of that. They can do some of it. They have their own sense of authority, they toy around with their delivery, and their drug-dealer character feels entirely real even if they also come off as a deeply strange human being. But what Gates is is a bar-for-bar monster, a guy who puts enormous force and energy into every line that comes out of their mouth. Even if you can't tell what he's talking about, you can tell that they mean it.
Gates belongs to a street-rap tradition that also includes current destroyers like Lil Boosie and Meek Mill. These guys are all capable of incredible moments of insight, or of storytelling power. (See Gates' “IHOP” from a few years ago for proof.) But that's not what they're about. They're also not formal innovators, and they're not always songwriters, either. Instead, where they excel is in the urgency department. They sound like they're grabbing you by the ears and screaming things directly into your face. There's an intensity to those guys that none of the rappers in the previous paragraph, save Killer Mike at moments, can hope to touch. There aren't too many quotable lines or memorable hooks on Gates' new mixtape Murder For Hire. My favorite lyrical moment on the whole thing is a sort of humble offhand line: “Everybody sleeps on me, finally got it popping / Wishing I was with my children, watching Mary Poppins.” (The Least favorite moment is the moment where I'm afraid he's talking about me: “You tall and you can't dress / Really, you're annoying.”) Most of the time, their lyrics are dense and arcane criminal-culture stuff, lines about specific drug-dealing exploits or specific acts of violence he's prepared to commit, things so far outside of my experience that they're virtually impenetrable. But you don't need to so much as speak the same language as Gates to understand the breathless energy they bring to everything.
There's no sense of pacing to Murder For Hire, and a few of the songs don't have anything even resembling a hook. And with this tape, that's a good thing. Even more than on older tapes, Gates isn't even remotely concerned with songwriting or with capturing a larger audience. Instead, sounds like they have things to get off their chest, whether or not they mean anything to you. They start off songs sounding like they just woke up, their voice all craggy from sleep, and by the end of them he's screaming. He's all over the beats — staying in the pocket but still projecting the idea that he's willing them to move faster, pushing them forward. On a song like “Khaza” or the tape's intro, they sound like he's running from demons. When they lock in completely, they summon some hidden force, and it's just mesmerizing. The one time I saw Gates live was at a badly-organized SXSW show where just about everyone on the bill failed to show up. At their allotted time, Gates came into the club through the crowd, came onstage without accompaniment and to no fanfare, and just started rapping their face off. For 20 or 30 minutes, they held that room in their fingertips, shutting up a crowd of industry vampires and tapping deep into their own internal sense of drama. Then they finished up and was gone, again to no fanfare. People were shaking their heads. Murder For Hire Feels like that show. It's over in seven songs and something like 24 minutes, and that's a good thing. Those 24 minutes are so bracing and intense that I feel exhausted by the time they're over. And I don't think there's a single other person in rap right now who can do that.
FURIOUS FIVE
1. Meek Mill – “Check”
In the new FADER cover story on Meek Mill, there's a moment where Meek and their girlfriend Nicki Minaj are arguing over which of two songs should be the first single from their forthcoming album. They're both apparently melodic pop songs, which seems ridiculous, since the Meek songs everyone likes are songs like this one, songs where he's just rapping like he's Jason Statham in Crank and their heart will explode if their adrenaline dips below a certain level.
2. Key! – “Cried In The Trap”
You'd have to imagine that a lot of people cry in the trap, right? Like, that can't be a happy place. It's not easy to walk the line between hard and weird, but this song does it enthusiastically.
3. Junglepussy – “You Don't Know”
Junglepussy is doing a show at the Brooklyn Museum Of Art this weekend, which says weird things about the art world's fascination with super-raunchy rap music. But they rap way harder that someone who should be rapping at art museums. The world may treat them like a gimmick, but they don't carry themselves like one.
4. Lil Durk – “What Your Life Like”
Durk sings so beautifully.
5. OG Maco – “Movies”
Maco supposedly hates “You Guessed It,” their flukey viral hit, and wants to make music that doesn't sound all intense and screamy. I get that, but they are good at intense and screamy.
IT WAS ALL GOOD JUST A WEEK AGO
AURORA — The city of Aurora plans to turn one of its most outdated public pools into the city's first water park, which will be partially open by June 1.
The Del Mar pool at 30 Del Mar Circle was built in 1956 and has never been renovated. The public pool is part of the 39.9-acre Del Mar Park that includes the Aurora Center for Active Adults.
Lori Daniel, manager of recreation services in Aurora, said attendance at the pool began to decline in 2008. Revenue went down, and the annual cost of maintaining the pool was out of control.
“Our pool maintenance staff was working with peeling plaster and other constant problems,” Daniel said. “The antiquated mechanical system was not water-efficient and it really needed a complete overhaul.”
Plans for the new Del Mar Family Aquatic Center began in 2012. They include a new bathhouse, a full concession stand, a 25-meter pool with a diving well, water slide and lap lanes, as well as shade structures and a spray park playground.
The spray park will open July 1, said Tracy Young, manager of planning, design and construction at Aurora Parks, Recreation and Open Spaces. The entire aquatic center is slated to open by Memorial Day 2015, they said.
“It's wonderful for the community because this new facility will not only service this neighborhood, but it will probably draw from around all of Aurora because of the new features we're putting in,” Daniel said.
The water park will be constructed by Golden Triangle Construction Inc., from Longmont. Young said the total cost is about $4.5 million, all paid for out of the Conservation Trust Fund from Aurora's portion of the Colorado Lottery.
The need for a public swimming pool in the North Aurora neighborhoods is great, said Sonia Skakich-Scrima, president of Village Green Neighbors Association.
“It really is a huge benefit in the area to have something like this,” they said. “Water World is quite a trek from Aurora, and having a huge renovation project means that the city is investing a considerable amount in original Aurora and reaffirming the importance of that area.”
Skakich-Scrima started the neighbors association in 2006 to lobby for the preservation of the Village Green public pool, which closed in 2011, but reopened last summer.
“There have been attempts over the years to try and expand some of the old facilities that are available, like the Parklane and Moorhead (pools),” Skakich-Scrima said. “Given the high population density in this area, this is the right move.”
The west side of Del Mar Park will also undergo renovation, including facelifts for the parking lot, the playground, the walkways, shelter and outdoor restrooms. The park also contains a tennis center, basketball courts and open fields.
Daniel said the parks department is planning weekly family engagement activities in the park this summer. Some options she's considering are a Slip ‘N Slide day, fitness camps, nature talks and sports camps.
The schedule will be nailed down as construction on the aquatic center begins the week of March 10.
Megan Mitchell: 303-954-2650, or mmitchell@denverpost.com
In a dispatch from the Guardian's Ben Jacobs sent before they were ‘body-slammed' by Republican candidate Greg Gianforte, the reporter finds both parties spending millions in a race with national significance
This report was filed by Ben Jacobs shortly before the incident on Wednesday when they were “body-slammed” by Republican candidate Greg Gianforte, who was later charged with misdemeanor assault.
The special election on Thursday for Montana's congressional seat was seemingly crafted to be a metaphor for something, but no one can quite agree on what it is.
The race will mark the first special election in a competitive district held since Donald Trump took office, and has drawn national attention as a result. It is being held on Thursday to fill the seat of former member of congress Ryan Zinke, who resigned after being confirmed as Trump's secretary of the interior. It also marks the first election since the House passed its version of healthcare reform earlier in May and might be seen as a test of voter discontent with that legislation as well.
Republican candidate charged with assault after 'body-slamming' Guardian reporter Read more
The two candidates present a fundamental contrast. Democrat Rob Quist is a lifelong Montanan and folk-singing political neophyte, while Republican Greg Gianforte is a transplanted tech millionaire who mounted a failed gubernatorial campaign in 2016.
A loss for the Republicans and Gianforte in the special election would be particularly troubling for the party given that the GOP is clinging to a slight lead in a state that elected Donald Trump by a 20-point margin in 2016.
Millions of dollars in out-of-state money flooding in have created an environment of omnipresent television commercials every time a Montanan turns on the television. Spending in the race has reached $17m as the race has narrowed.
One Gianforte supporter, Mark Stepanich, blamed the amount of money spent by Democrats for how tight the race was shaping. They told the Guardian that they thought “outside money from [Bernie] Sanders and [Nancy] Pelosi” was responsible for how tight it was, though campaign finance reports indicate there has been four times as much outside money spent on Gianforte's behalf than on Quist's.
Turnout is expected to exceed the midterm election in 2014. Already, more than a third of registered voters have cast absentee ballots.
Despite being nearly 90% white, Montana is a politically diverse state. It includes Democratic strongholds in the college town Missoula and the heavily Irish blue-collar mining town Butte, as well as vast deep red parts of the eastern Montana plains where Republicans regularly get more than two-thirds of the vote. Although Trump won easily in 2016, the state has a history of split ticket voting. It re-elected an incumbent Democratic governor that year against Gianforte and has had only three Republican senators in the past century.
Quist, a 69-year-old who doesn't radiate a sophisticated grasp of policy, invariably appears in a cowboy hat, and adjusts their neckware from a formal tie to a jaunty sash depending on the occasion. One Democratic operative marveled at how well-known Quist was from their decades of touring the state as a musician and playing county fairs and high school proms.
The first-time candidate has campaigned across the state with Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, whom they have praised as “the ultimate warrior for the people”. Despite Montana's Republican lean at the presidential level, it has a strong prairie populist streak and has repeatedly elected Democrats to state and federal office.
Quist, though, is clearly uncomfortable discussing policy outside of broad outlines. They go out of their way at campaign events to spend time performing, often with their daughter, rather than giving a stump speech. When Quist does speak, they try to hit their talking points about protecting the state's public lands and attacking the House Republican healthcare reform bill, the American Health Care Act (AHCA).
However, they occasionally veer off message and betrays their inexperience. Speaking to volunteers in Great Falls, Quist celebrated that traditional Republican voters in Fort Benton, Montana, were voting Libertarian and at a rally later that night, they railed against the Koch brothers, while betraying no evidence that they were aware that they had mispronounced their name as “cock”; it is pronounced “coke”. As a result, Quist's handlers are doing their utmost to keep them away from potentially difficult questions, and they avoided several reporters, including one from the Guardian, after an event on Monday.
In contrast, Gianforte is a self-made millionaire who moved to Bozeman, where they started a successful software company that earned them a fortune valued at up to $315m. Gianforte, who lost their 2016 bid for governor despite Trump overwhelmingly winning the state, stays relentlessly on message on the stump. Their answers on topics like healthcare reform and their past support for Donald Trump contain a range of nuances exclusive to the speech of politicians and lawyers.
Newspapers ditch Republican charged with assaulting Guardian reporter Read more
Gianforte is eager to embrace Trump, from whom they distanced themselves in 2016. They regularly talk about “making America great again” and “draining the swamp”. At a campaign event in Great Falls on Tuesday, they even read a letterthat they said a seven-year-old girl had given him, which started: “Dear Mr Gianforte, I like Donald Trump too.” Gianforte has also faced difficulty trying to reach a position on the AHCA. Although, they have been noncommittal about the legislation in a state where it is deeply unpopular, Gianforte embraced it in an early May conference call with Washington lobbyists, as first reported by the New York Times.
Gianforte also can come across as stiff and wooden on the stump. For all their invocation of the “Montana way of life”, it's easy to see why Democrats constantly brand them as a “New Jersey millionaire” even though they merely went to college and graduate school in the Garden State.
Play Video 0:41 Republican Greg Gianforte 'body slams' Guardian reporter in Montana – audio
At their event in Great Falls on Tuesday, Gianforte was wearing a giant cowboy belt buckle that was emblazoned with the name of their former software company “Right Now”, with the slogan “10 years of service”. And when they talked about their times hiking and camping outdoors, they referenced doing so with the family of a close friend and former employee, the state's Republican senator Steve Daines. Afterwards, when Gianforte was about to do a local television interview, they awkwardly asked attendees to stand behind them for the shot, saying: “Who wants to be an extra?”
Gianforte still seems surprised that the race has gotten so close. They told voters several times in their stump speech on Tuesday that “this race is closer than it should be”. In a radio interview afterwards, their voice filled with audible contempt over the fact that Quist brought in Sanders as a surrogate. Gianforte described Sanders as a“self-proclaimed socialist, wants to redistribute wealth” before adding disdainfully: “Those aren't American values.”
In contrast, Gianforte has appeared on the stump with Donald Trump Jr and vice-president Mike Pence.
One Washington-based Democratic strategist sounded a pessimistic note about the race, noting that it was always expected to be “an uphill battle”. But there was consolation that even if Quist underperformed, Republicans had been forced to pump millions of dollars into the race.
However, a Republican operative involved in the race warned “it's going to be tight and it's been tightening”. Although there was still a strong belief that Gianforte would pull it off, there was a sense that it would be close. The Republican operative also said that the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score, released on Wednesday, for the Republican healthcare bill was unlikely to make much of an impact on the race. “I don't think it makes a difference. A lot of the folks have already voted by mail.” According to the CBO's assessment, 23 million Americans would lose their healthcare coverage if the bill became law. Instead, the Republican argued that healthcare “was not an issue” in the race and that local factors like public lands and the candidate's personal background were far more prominent.
Archfiend Black Skull Dragon has some buddies coming soon!
Red-Eyes Meteor Dragon
Red-Eyes no Kyouseiryuu – Meteo Dragon
Level 6 DARK Dragon-Type Gemini Effect Monster
1800 ATK
2000 DEF
(1) This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard.
(2) While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.
● “Red-Eyes” monsters you control (other than this card) cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
(Localization Nickname Goes Here Later) Meteor Black Dragon
Ryuuseiryuu Meteo Black Dragon
Level 8 DARK Dragon-Type Fusion Effect Monster
3500 ATK
2000 DEF
Fusion Materials: 1 Level 7 “Red-Eyes” monster + 1 Level 6 Dragon-Type monster
(1) If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can activate this effect; send 1 “Red-Eyes” monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK.
(2) If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Our source for this article's news is the official Yu-Gi-Oh! Official Card Game Twitter account!
Opera has become the first major browser to add a free VPN client to its web browser. The VPN offers AES-256 encryption and allows users to browse the Internet privately. In addition, the free VPN also helps to circumvent website blockades, a feature many torrent users will appreciate.
Back in 2006 Opera was the first major browser to include BitTorrent support, and today it releases another feature that will appeal to millions of users.
The company has added a free and unlimited VPN to the developer version of its browser. This means that users can browse the web securely at the flick of a switch.
Privacy aside, the built-in VPN is also an ideal tool to circumvent website blockades. This may come in handy for the asupervisorstioned BitTorrent users as well, as sites such as The Pirate Bay are blocked in many countries.
The VPN connection is provided by the Canadian VPN service SurfEasy, which like many other VPNs keeps no logs. SurfEasy was acquired by Opera last year and VP of Marketing Steve Kelly tells TorrentFreak that privacy and censorship were the main reasons to add the free VPN to Opera.
“Everyone deserves to surf privately online if they want to. Today, it is too difficult to maintain privacy when using the web, and way too many people experience roadblocks online, like blocked content,” Kelly says.
“By releasing an integrated, free and unlimited VPN in the browser, we make it simple for people to enhance their privacy and access the content they want,” they add.
It is worth highlighting that the VPN connection is limited to the web browser. This means that any content shared outside the browser, through traditional torrent clients for example, is not private.
Opera's in-browser VPN uses AES-256 encryption and SurfEasy says that the initial response has been very strong. The network is prepared to handle hundreds of thousands of simultaneous connections without any problems.
With the addition of a VPN feature Opera hopes to set a new standard for modern browsers. Earlier, it was already the first major browser to include an ad-blocker.
“This is the first VPN option integrated into a major browser. Also, it's delivered from a company you can trust, with an extensive history of providing reliable and trustworthy internet products,” Kelly told us.
More details about the built-in VPN are available at the Opera blog. People who want to give it a spin should download the latest developer release, as the feature is not available in the regular version yet.
Opera's VPN feature
Every so often, something happens that renews calls in this country for scientists within the federal government to have more unfettered rights to speak to media. This past week, it was the nearly comical number of layers of bureaucracy through which a request to hold a media briefing on the extent of Arctic ice erosion needed to pass. Previously, we've seen similar calls motivated by differences between Canadian and U.S. standards with respect to publication of research results or the presence of so-called minders at scientific conferences. I've hesitated to write on this despite often engaging in heated discussions on the subject, both on Twitter and in less virtual environments, because it's not my area of expertise. It's still not an area in which I have any formal training, and my experience is limited, but I feel that I can comment on some aspects of the debate based on the time I spent on sabbatical at Environment Canada, a department frequently attacked for the so-called muzzling of scientists.
The basic arguments in favour of loosening the controls on government scientists to speak to media often follow from one of two points: either that the research is publicly funded, and so should be accessible to the public; or, that making researchers available to the media would show that the government is hiding evidence that might otherwise undermine its policy agenda. For example, when interviewed at a protest by scientists on Parliament Hill last year, University of Ottawa professor Jeremy Kerr stated that, “the facts do not change just because the Harper government has chosen ignorance over evidence and ideology over honesty.” That's certainly accurate, at least insofar as the facts being generally invariant to the will of the Prime Minister, but the government of Canada has no monopoly over the facts—there are plenty of entities, government-funded and otherwise, that can do a fine job of holding the government to account externally, as professor Kerr's comments to the Star illustrate.
For me, the key questions are whether government researchers should, themselves, be able to speak out when they feel a government policy does not align with the evidence (Added 2014-08-31 – the Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada raised this question in their Big Chill Survey) and, if so, why we would only restrict that to a particular class of government researchers? To speak out publicly against government policy is, by the current definition, fundamentally at odds with the role of a public servant in our democracy. Public servants are expected to provide impartial advice to the policy development process and loyal implementation of government policies once decisions are taken. They are not supposed to critique that policy publicly when it doesn't align with their interpretation of the evidence or their beliefs with respect to how that evidence should be weighed. Allowing public servants to be openly critical of government decisions – whether based on scientific evidence or any other criteria – turns the relationship between the bureaucracy and their democratically elected masters on its head, undermining the trust essential to an effective working relationship.
Many would like to have you believe that there are issues for which we could live in a technocracy—where the science speaks so clearly as to the correct policy that there is no role for any other factors. I can't think of a single instance where that would be so. Often-cited in debates on the muzzling of scientists is my University of Alberta colleague David Schindler and their ground-breaking work at the Experimental Lakes Area. What did that research tell us? It made clear, for the first time, the link between human activity, in particular industrial sulphur emissions and nutrient effluent from agriculture, and the health of lake ecosystems. It told us about the damages from pollution and was some of the most important and policy-relevant pieces of scientific work in this country's history. What Dr. Schindler's research alone could not tell us is what we should do about it. It did not tell us what costs we should be willing to impose on industry to prevent these damages, it did not tell us how Canadian economic activity, trade, and employment would react if certain policies were imposed, nor did it tell us how Canadians would prioritize expenses to defray these damages versus other potential uses of government and private sector resources. In other words, it gave us an important piece of the policy puzzle, but not the entire picture. You can't prove, with science alone, what the policy should be—science isn't normative—but only what is and what will be if you take a particular action.
In a policy department like Environment Canada, policy decisions are made through a process that involves bureaucrats from different disciplines including scientists, engineers and economists. Senior bureaucrats interact with the minister's office, with central agencies like the Department of Finance, and with the Privy Council Office, which acts as the bureaucratic liaison to the Prime Minister's Office. When a policy proposal is on the table, there are different opportunities for arguments to be made, decisions to be challenged, and evidence to be presented. As an economist visiting Environment Canada for the year, I was fortunate to participate in briefings at every level and to be given the opportunity to present evidence on occasion. Sometimes, that evidence carried the day. Sometimes, I came out of a briefing feeling that I'd lost—that economic evidence as to the best policy option, data on the cost of taking one action over another, or predictions of the likely outcome had been ignored in favour of evidence presented by others. In most cases, it hadn't been ignored, but it just hadn't been given the weight I thought it should. You might imagine that it was always those with the lab coats pushing stronger action, while the economists pushed for weaker action. It wasn't. At the end of the day, senior public servants and elected officials did what they were paid to do: they weighed the evidence and made decisions.
The way some unmuzzlers would have you believe that the system should work is that, when senior public servants or elected officials take a decision with which the scientists in the room do not agree, these scientists should — and it is largely those in the “hard” sciences that the unmuzzlers are talking about — because they are on the side of the evidence, be free to speak up and to contest that decision in the public arena. The problem with that, as I see it, is that those with the lab coats do not have a monopoly on evidence: across the federal government, there are a variety of public servants collecting and compiling data, conducting experiments, testing hypotheses, developing numerical models, and the like. Some are scientists in the conventional sense of the word (i.e. they wear lab coats) while some are economists, sociologists, statisticians, and engineers. It's impossible to draw clear lines between what is “scientific evidence” presented to senior decision makers and what is not.
Let's imagine the government is considering a regulation on an industrial sector and, based on the evidence presented, senior decision-makers conclude that the costs in terms of reduced output, employment, and value-added of enacting stringent regulation are justified based on the benefits to the ecosystem and/or to human health presented by the scientists (in this caricature, you can imagine the scientists wearing their lab coats in the briefing if you prefer). Now suppose that one of the experts involved—an economist in a central agency, for the sake of this caricature—decides that this decision is simply inconsistent with the evidence they or they presented. Suppose they or they decided that, if only the Canadian people were made aware of this economic evidence, they too would side with a “weaker” policy response. Clearly, it's in the public interest to drop a brown envelope on someone's doorstep so that the headlines the next morning might read something like, “Government considering regulation that would halt oil sands development, cost thousands of jobs,” with the story crediting an anonymous government economist privy to the discussions, right? That would push the government to make the right decision.
In the caricature I've presented, the evidence would all be accurate, but it would be one-sided: the article in the newspaper would show you all of the costs of the policy and none of the benefits. The implication would be clear: that the government had ignored all these costs in reaching its decision, and Canadians should be outraged. The implication would also be entirely false. All that heroic economist would have done with their or their actions would have been to tilt the decision-making process toward their preferred weighing of the evidence. Would it be any different if the decision had gone the other way, toward the less stringent policy, and it were the scientist, clad as ever in their or their lab coat, dropping off the brown envelopes? I think not.
Should we have more open government science? Perhaps. I think the better question is to what degree government-supported research should take place in arms-length agencies (the U.S. model for agencies like NASA and the Energy Information Administration come to mind) or outsourced to universities via government granting agencies as opposed to being housed in policy departments. Research housed outside of government departments would allow elected and bureaucratic offices to determine which questions are being asked by researchers or which subject areas are being explored without having influence over the answers or controlling the message. It would also mean that researchers were not privy to the policy discussions of the day and would not necessarily be involved when their research is used to support a decision. There are also options within the public service: perhaps Statistics Canada could broaden its role to collect and publish more environmental statistics such as the sea ice coverage, which was the subject of so much consternation this week, perhaps absorbing some of the functions now performed within Environment Canada. In the same way in which no one would ask a Statistics Canada official what government should do to combat youth unemployment or to raise median incomes when those data are published, no one would ask whether the extent of sea ice coverage should influence our climate change policy choices. When you're asking officials from the department with jurisdiction over both our domestic climate change policies and our intervention in international climate change negotiations about sea ice coverage, the implications are very different. The questions to the scientist might even be policy-neutral, but I expect most of the resulting articles would not be.
If you want to take the muzzle off government researchers, that's fine if you want it for the right reasons. I'm all in favour of increasing the quality of information available both to our decision-makers and to the general public. However, we must do it without skewing the policy process. The only way to make sure that's true if you want open access to researchers is to disconnect those undertaking primary and policy-relevant research from that process and from those departments. Whether that's best done through arms-length institutions, through universities, or through agencies such as Statistics Canada is a topic for debate. Of course, there are some topics of current government research not suited to open inquiry, for a variety of reasons. Maybe you're willing to sacrifice some of those topics for access to information? You might also find that some of our government's best researchers prefer their seat at the policy table to the front pages of the newspaper. Maybe that's a sacrifice you're willing to make? Unfortunately, I doubt you'll be able to rely on anyone in a lab coat to tell you with certainty which is best for the country.
On the other hand, if your reason for removing the muzzle is because you think policy decisions need to be skewed or the government needs to be challenged, then there's a better process for that that doesn't involve sacrificing our public service. Rumour has it is will happen next October, if not sooner.
Netflix "13 Reasons Why" is a Netflix show about a teen girl named Hannah who dies by suicide. Mental health experts argue that its depiction of their death could do more harm than good for vulnerable young people.
The Netflix breakout show “13 Reasons Why” has been praised for its binge-worthy, dramatic storytelling. But mental health experts warn that its thrilling narrative devices also make it problematic.
The story, which is adapted from Jay Asher's best-selling novel of the same title, follows high school student Hannah Baker as they posthumously narrate the months leading up to their death by suicide. Hannah leaves behind tapes for people in their life that detail how their nefarious actions ultimately led to their decision. The 13-episode drama also vividly depicts the method Hannah used to end their lives.
Mental health advocates say the show should not have shown Hannah's suicide and have spoken out about the potentially harmful nature of the show.
“I have watched the show and was horrified at the graphic, sensational ways in which they depicted Hannah's life,” Dan Reidenberg, executive director of Suicide Awareness Voices of Education, told The Huffington Post. “Viewers can understand someone who dies, even by suicide, without having to be so graphic.”
A Netflix representative has addressed the criticism, telling The Washington Post that four mental health professionals consulted on the show's material. And the episode involving detailed scenes related to suicide comes with a warning.
The writer of that episode, Nic Sheff, wrote in Vanity Fair that they were “surprised” by the backlash. They said the show's staff attempted to handle suicide sensitively, pointing to their own suicide attempt as inspiration for their writing.
Netflix also produced a bonus episode titled “13 Reasons Why: Beyond The Reasons,” which includes information on mental health and ways to get help. But the narrative episodes themselves, which arguably have a much larger audience, don't offer resources or ways to reach out for help.
And, unfortunately, the problems don't end there. Here are some other ways mental health advocates say the series could be damaging.
The show's target demographic has a growing suicide risk.
The series does a disservice to its main audience: young women.
Suicide is a growing issue among adolescents, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study published last year that measured suicide rates from 1999 to 2014. Girls between the ages of 10 and 14 saw the greatest rise in suicide rates during this time period ― a staggering 200 percent.
Vulnerable people who are in this age range may see themselves in Hannah, Reidenberg said. Teenagers with mental health disorders may struggle to be taken seriously. They could be seen as “dramatic,” or their behavior could just be attributed to their life stage. But mental health is a real issue, and the way suicide is portrayed in “13 Reasons Why” may trivialize that fact.
Hannah's death scene could inspire copycat acts.
The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention has ethical guidelines that warn against this type of storytelling. These rules are specifically geared toward journalists, but anyone who produces content for a wide audience should take them to heart because copycat acts can ― and do ― happen.
Mental health experts fear the show could inspire such actions.
“This scene does not help public awareness about the topic,” Reidenberg said of the depiction of Hannah's suicide. “It is not educational or informational.” Instead of dispelling myths about suicide, they said, the show could lead people to replicate similar acts.
Research supports this claim: National Institute of Mental Health studies have found that the risk of suicide increases when specific details of the method are divulged publicly. They essentially give vulnerable, at-risk consumers a “how-to” guide.
Suicide is painted as an act of revenge.
The show barely even mentions Hannah's potential mental health issues related to their horrifying experiences with sexual assault and bullying. Instead, the way Hannah's death and the subsequent tapes are shown makes it seem like their suicide was a tool for revenge on the people who wronged them
More than 90 percent of people who die by suicide have a diagnosable mental health disorder. Ignoring that fact and sensationalizing death by suicide can lead to major misconceptions, Reidenberg said.
“Suicide is the terrible end to suffering with a mental illness, hopelessness and despair,” they explained. “Suicide is not about getting your locker to become a permanent memorial where people will take selfies in front of it ― that isn't real.”
It relies on the narrative that young women overly care about reputation.
Not addressing the main character's potential mental health complications could send the message that concerns about social status were the catalyst for their death.
Reidenberg points out that more adolescent males die by suicide than females, but attempted suicide is more prevalent in females. And given that suicide is the second-leading cause of death among young people, it's important to spread accurate information about the issue and highlight examples of recovery from mental health issues, they said.
And that's exactly what the critiques of “13 Reasons Why” boil down to: Although the creators made a concerted effort to bring awareness to an important issue, the portrayal was questionable.
HEX UPDATE – Ladder is Coming
Hey Hexers!
We are furiously working on the next content patch which will introduce Ladder play! There will be a more extensive write-up about this feature soon, but we wanted to give you a primer today, and show off some of the things you can expect.
With the introduction of Ladder ranked play the entire tournament page will get an upgrade. Selecting a tournament format will bring up one of the new tournament interactive shields, like the one seen below. Each tournament format has a different shield aesthetic and animation, and has buttons to see details about that specific tournament format.
Players will have two separate Ladder ranks, one for Limited format tournaments and one for Constructed games. Play in any Limited format tournament and you'll affect your Limited Ladder rank, play in a Constructed Ladder match and you'll affect your Constructed Ladder rank. Constructed tournaments do not count toward your Ladder ranks.
At the bottom of the tournament screen you'll see the interface above. It will track your Limited and Constructed Ladder ranks. Additionally, to play a Constructed Ladder match you'll press the “LADDER” button in the center of this interface. In this example you can see the player has achieved a Gold Ladder rank in Limited and a Cosmic Ladder rank in Constructed. Pressing the down arrow in the center will bring up the reward interface where you see what you can earn during the Ladder season. Speaking of which, let's see some of the things you can earn in the first season of the Ladder!
There are tons more things to tell you about Ladder, including more of the cool rewards you'll be able to earn while participating (including gameboard items that will display your rank), and how you move up and down ranks. Again, this is just a quick primer, the full details will be along shortly.
VIP Tournaments
Just a reminder that the VIP tournaments start today! You can find the entire schedule in our 2nd quarter VIP article.
HEX Twitch Streaming Schedule
Our stream team on the official HEX Twitch channel has grown! We have updated the stream schedule for the team as a result. You can find the official schedule here.
These guys are done a great job of keeping players informed of current events, showcasing new and interesting deck ideas, discuss the most current metagame, and make sure people are having fun. Please be sure to check them out on the official HEX Twitch channel as well as their individual channels.
Be on the lookout for special guests and events as well! They've already organized a “Streamer Showdown” 8-player draft on June 2nd at 8:00 PM Pacific Time. Tune in to these streams to watch this bragging rights showdown.
Alucard
Dinotropia
Hacky
Havoc
Mokog
SilentSnake
Sithos
TheMotivation
They'll be giving away a bunch of cool swag to viewers, so don't miss out!
Convention Posters
Gameforge has created, and is giving away, new HEX posters this convention season – Starting this weekend at RPC Convention. These 31.5″ x 23.5″ (80×60 centimeters) posters will bring fear into your enemies hearts no matter what wall you hang them on. You can find Gameforge at booth 10.2./F31.
Here is a look at what you can get!
We are still working on the for-sale poster we traditionally have a Gen Con. Stay tuned for details.
That's all for this week. Please leave any questions or comments in the forums, and don't forget to Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, and Follow us on Twitch.
Discuss this article in our forums!
A house that's being given away in the upscale neighbourhood of Manor Park is generating a lot of buzz, but there's a catch.
Jacqueline Shinniman, a friend of the homeowners who helped them organize the sale, says she'd hate to see the house bulldozed and sent to a landfill. (CBC) The doors of the three-bedroom, 1,500-square-foot house opened early on Saturday to potential buyers.
Everything inside the house is also being sold, including children's artwork, plants from the garden, appliances and more.
But the big-ticket item is the house itself. It's free, but only if you pay to move it off the lot. And the deadline is Oct. 15.
It would have to be divided into two pieces before being moved by large trucks, and the process could cost tens of thousands of dollars.
The family discovered it would be cheaper to build a new house for their growing family of four than to alter the existing property.
For more on this story, click on the video player above.
Poll question
The housing boom of the past decade has given young adults a whole lot of debt and some pitiful gains in net worth.
The twenty- and thirtysomethings of Generation Y who are entering the market today are in for worse treatment. A mindset for those who choose to buy a house: It's about lifestyle, not making an investment.
Home-ownership boosters base their argument that homes are a good investment on the fact that resale prices have increased more than 6 per cent annually since 2000, triple the inflation rate. This gain helped power a rise in household net worth that has been much talked about lately because it suggests households are financially strong.
Story continues below advertisement
Net worth is an overblown measure of financial health, as I argued in a recent column. But it's especially irrelevant in telling us what's happening with young people.
Statistics Canada says median net worth for families increased 78 per cent from 1999 to 2012 on an inflation-adjusted basis, or about 4.5 per cent a year. But in households where the age of the highest earner was under 35, net worth grew just 8.6 per cent in total, or about 0.6 per cent a year. Inflation averaged 2.2 per cent over that period, so those young-adult households were actually losing net worth on what economists call a real basis.
It's quite normal for young adults to have done poorly on net worth. "Gains in net worth have been driven mostly by real estate appreciation and, of course, those under 35 tend to have very little equity in their houses," said Doug Porter, chief economist at BMO Nesbitt Burns. "They probably didn't benefit directly in the appreciation of homes in that period."
What is a bit unusual is that net-worth growth in the under-35 bracket so markedly lagged the broader population, Mr. Porter said. They think this discrepancy can be explained as being a result of big home-equity gains by older households. They benefited from the housing boom much more than younger people because they owned more of their homes.
Okay, younger Canadians will catch up when future housing price gains help them build equity, too. Or so housing boosters say in the kind of forecast that is meant to encourage buyers to jump into the market, not help people make a sound financial decision.
A look at market fundamentals suggests prices can't keep rising indefinitely. Affordability is stretched in some cities, and an aging baby boomer demographic will soon start a downsizing process that could flood the market with homes for sale. There's also the financial world's law of gravity to consider: An asset that soars in price must eventually give back some gains.
Mr. Porter's forecast for housing: "I think prices will struggle to show any real gains in the next five to 10 years. Of course, it depends on the city. Calgary, for example, should do just fine."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
After 13 years of massive real estate price gains, young adults were left with only a token increase in net worth. Debt, sadly, is a different story. Statistics Canada says under-35 households owed $36.44 per $100 in assets in 2012, by far the highest of any age group.
Young adults had the biggest debt loads back in 1999 as well, and it's easy to see why. Then, as now, they were still in the very early years of their mortgage and they may have had student debts to finish paying off. Carrying debt is normal for young people, you might say.
Problem is, you can't rationalize or justify that debt today by saying it's the cost of getting into a housing market with lots of upsides. In fact, there's some downside to consider. A price drop of 5 per cent would be fairly modest, and yet it would wipe out the equity of people making the minimum 5-per-cent down payment.
Gen Y, the investment argument for home buying is always suspect because it so rarely considers the cost of mortgage interest, property taxes, insurance and maintenance. Today, you've got to be even more skeptical. If you're set on buying, make it for lifestyle reasons. Boomers will hit the jackpot with their homes, but you won't.
Coming Saturday: The case for investing in the markets instead of buying a house, at least in the near term.
Follow me on Twitter: @rcarrick
SALT LAKE CITY — About four years ago, Rick Schwermer got a phone call from someone with the U.S. government asking how many veterans were in Utah's drug courts.
They sent an email to the state's judges who preside over the drug courts and received several responses indicating they didn't believe there were any veterans in the drug court system.
"One of the things that became apparent is it wasn't something we looked for," said Schwermer, assistant Utah State Courts administrator. "It wasn't a characteristic we knew we needed to treat differently or an experience we needed to respond to differently. But, of course, what we had was quite a few veterans in our drug courts."
Now, the Utah State Courts are working to implement veterans treatment courts in both 3rd and 4th sistrict courts. These courts will be similar to the other "problem-solving courts" already in place — mental health and drug courts — that aim to go beyond punishment by providing treatment and long-term solutions for those facing criminal charges while struggling with such issues.
"Their experience as veterans really does bring with it different problems than other drug court and mental health court participants have," Schwermer said. "They have a higher incidence of co-occurring disorders, which means they might have (post-traumatic stress disorder) as well as a substance abuse disorder. So that's why the approach is important."
They said the court is asking questions "correctly" to better identify veterans because many who have served in the military think "veteran" solely means those who served in World War II or Vietnam. The courts will also build in a mentor system to pair veterans who land in court with other veterans who can connect to them and help them as they navigate treatment and the court process.
This was an "instinctive" decision that mirrors other veterans courts, but Schwermer said it speaks to the military's "buddy system" and simply makes sense. There is research that shows there are benefits to treating veterans separately from other mental health or drug court participants, they said.
"Their experiences and their perspectives in life can be significantly different," Schwermer explained.
The 5th District Court does not have a specific veterans court but has started to dedicate time to address cases involving veterans within its existing mental health court program.
"We owe a great debt to them," 5th District Judge John Walton said. "It's not about giving anybody a free pass. It's about considering what may have happened to them during their service."
While there are certain kinds of charges that wouldn't qualify for the separate court, the judge said the goal is to help those veterans who can be redirected and helped with treatment.
"What we're trying to accomplish is to pay respect to our armed serves and our veterans by focusing on treatment and seeing how we can help them," Walton said. "And then, when they perform well and do well in treatment, give them the reward of taking their case out of the criminal justice system."
Rick Davis, trial court executive for the 5th District Court, said the decision was made to create a separate court calendar to help veterans after some urging from those in the community. Several entities approached the court, they said, including veterans groups, behavioral health centers and the Washington County Attorney's Office.
"I think there was a recognition that we have a lot of veterans that have served and that are serving, and they come back to the area or come back from their assignments and they're having some struggles with different issues, and sometimes they run into trouble with the law," Davis said.
Both Provo's 4th District Court and Salt Lake City's 3rd District Court are in the process of creating veterans courts, Schwermer said. The 4th District's veterans court should get underway sometime this year.
Judge Samuel McVey, who served in the U.S. Marine Corps, will preside over the court in Provo. In a report from the courts, McVey said they understand the veterans' perspective.
"I speak their language and know where they've been," the judge said in the report. "My role is to not only make sure they toe the line and to apply sanctions when necessary, but to motivate them."
Defense attorney Clayton Simms said they are familiar with the concept of veterans courts and praised the state's efforts to implement them.
"Veterans court is really important because these are people that contributed to society, and we owe them a debt," they said.
Simms said separating veterans into their own court also speaks to the camaraderie and shared experience often associated with those who served in the armed forces.
"They have that common interest there," they said, adding that veterans courts, like the other problem-solving courts, are a smart way to try to solve crime.
"They're a great resource to get people on the right track," Simms said. "There is a certain element of punishment to it, but you're also trying to heal that person and solve that problem and prevent future crimes."
Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam
VIENNA (Reuters) - North Korea on Monday restored access for U.N. monitors to its atom bomb complex following a deal with Washington to salvage a denuclearization process endangered by disputes over verification, diplomats said.
Conservative right-wing protesters take part in an anti-North Korea protest held near the U.S. embassy in Seoul October 13, 2008. Dozens of the usual pro-U.S. protesters also criticised the decision by the U.S. to remove North Korea from a terrorism blacklist. South Korea has not seen signs of North Korea restarting work to take apart its nuclear plant as Pyongyang pledged to do at the weekend, a government official said on Monday, but Seoul could send aid once that work begins. A sign (C) reads,"Overthrow the military first dictatorship". REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won
“The (International Atomic Energy Agency) inspectors can access all facilities at Yongbyon again, including the reprocessing plant,” said one diplomat, referring to the site that made plutonium fuel for Pyongyang's atomic bomb program.
The diplomats were familiar with IAEA operations but were not allowed to discuss such confidential information publicly.
There was no immediate comment from the U.N. nuclear watchdog's headquarters in Vienna. But one official said fresh information on the monitors' status could come later in the day.
North Korea had barred the inspectors from Yongbyon last Thursday in anger over Washington's refusal to remove it from a sponsors-of-terrorism blacklist in a dispute over the extent of verification measures required for denuclearization.
The U.S. State Department announced on Saturday that it had delisted the Stalinist state after Pyongyang agreed to a series of verification steps. On Sunday, North Korea said it would resume disablement work and re-admit IAEA monitors.
A diplomat said the three inspectors' first job would be to reassess the status of Yongbyon's facilities, since Pyongyang had taken steps in recent weeks to reactivate them.
The IAEA was also likely to require details of the verification deal to smooth the task of re-establishing regular safeguards inspections in North Korea, which walked out of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003.
NO NEW DISABLEMENT WORK SEEN
South Korea said on Monday it had seen no signs of the North restarting work to take apart Yongbyon, a Soviet vintage complex including a fuel fabrication facility and a 5-megawatt reactor.
Under a February 2007 disarmament deal with five powers, North Korea was to have been removed from the U.S. blacklist once it provided a full accounting of its nuclear programs and accepted a system to check its claims.
The isolated, impoverished North has longed to be delisted so it can draw from international finance, see a myriad of trade sanctions dropped and use global settlement banks to send money abroad instead of relying on cash-stuffed suitcases.
But the deal threatened to unravel after Pyongyang signaled it had no intention to let foreign monitors scour the nation at will and poke into any military or other high-security site.
Washington's decision to delist North Korea was made after the North agreed to access for experts to all declared nuclear facilities and, based on “mutual consent,” undeclared sites.
Experts from the six nations handling the North Korean dossier — the two Koreas, Russia, China, Japan and the United States — could participate in verification, and the IAEA would have an “important consultative and support role.”
Measures would encompass the plutonium bomb program as well as “any uranium enrichment and proliferation activities.”
But the deal has yet to be formalized, and implementation almost certainly remains a treacherous challenge.
First, North Korea has reported producing less plutonium than the United States has estimated, which is about 50 kg (110 lb), or conservatively enough for six to eight nuclear bombs.
Second, Washington wants to be able to check on suspicions that the North has a covert program to enrich uranium for weapons — giving it a second pathway to atom bomb capability — and that it exported the proliferation-prone technology.
Most of the dismantling steps, begun last November, had been completed and were supposed to take at least a year to reverse.
Slideshow (3 Images)
As a part of the 2007 disarmament deal, North Korea began receiving 1 million tonnes of heavy fuel oil, or aid of equal value such as steel, when it froze operations at Yongbyon last year and allowed in nuclear inspectors.
South Korea is likely to send 3,000 tonnes of held-up steel aid to the North once it was clear dismantling work had resumed, Yonhap news agency quoted multiple sources as saying on Monday.
Each week we publish a gallery of readers' pictures on a set theme. This week the theme is football and we begin with a photograph taken by Michael Currin of a practice session at the University of Cape Town.
Andy Parker: "These young Italians in Venice use one of the city's small piazzas as a pitch and the archway of a nearby church as a goal to compensate for the lack of green space."
Maristela Oeltjebruns: "Boys playing in Piritiba, a small town in the state of Bahia, in the northeastern part of Brazil."
Alina Green: "Giant replicas of football players from the Euro 2008 football championships."
Monika Szlenkier: "A very laid-back game of football on the beach at Poovar, Kerala, India."
Blair Kauffmann: "Football jerseys hanging in a market in Bamenda, northwest Cameroon."
Steven Yockey: "One of seven large soccer balls that make up "Out of Bounds" in Avery Park in Dublin, Ohio, US."
Andy Parker: "Argentina seems to be victorious in this match on the Costa de la Luz in Spain, but will they have the same success in South Africa?"
Stephen Newton: "Four-legged ball boys are the way forward!"
When they first met as 15-year-olds at a summer tryout camp for the U.S. National Team Development Program, Zach Werenski didn't know Auston Matthews' name. They knew them simply as “the kid from Arizona.”
“I had no idea who they are,” Werenski said. “He had like eight goals in the four games (at camp) and scored in every shootout between periods. I was like, ‘Who is this kid?' ”
Now the whole hockey-loving world knows Werenski, the Blue Jackets' elite defenseman, and Matthews, the Toronto Maple Leafs' high-powered center.
Two of the brightest talents in a dazzling first-year student NHL class will go head-to-head tonight when the Blue Jackets host Toronto in Nationwide Arena.
Werenski and Matthews text and Snapchat each other almost daily, Werenski said. They play “Call of Duty” on Xbox.
When Matthews scored four goals in their NHL debut earlier this season, Werenski took it to a new level, they joked.
“I sent them a Tweet on that one,” they said. “That one was Tweet-worthy.”
Matthews, the No. 1 overall pick last June, has 32 goals and 25 assists for the upstart Maple Leafs, who are trying to earn a playoff spot for only the second time in 12 seasons.
Werenski, the No. 8 overall pick in 2015, has 11 goals, 35 assists and a plus-22 rating for the Blue Jackets, who have already clinched a playoff spot and are pushing for the Presidents' Trophy as the NHL's top team.
They are half of a small cluster of players — Winnipeg's Patrik Laine and Toronto's Mitch Marner are the others — given a shot at winning the Calder Trophy, which is awarded to the NHL's top rookie.
“I'm so happy for Zach and how well they have played and the situation he's in,” Matthews told The Dispatch earlier this season. “It just seems perfect for them in Columbus.
“We'll always stay in touch. But a lot has changed for us these last couple years. These are exciting times.”
Werenski said the frequent conversations have been a good source of comfort and consistency during the struggles and adjustments to life as a pro.
“It's pretty crazy (in Toronto) when it comes to expectations,” Werenski said. “To be a first overall pick and have all those expectations, and still live up to it? They have probably exceeded a lot of people's expectations with the year he's had.”
When the Jackets and Leafs met on Feb. 15, Werenski had two assists in a 5-2 Columbus win. Matthews had four shots on goal, but didn't register a point.
The Leafs and Jackets play one more time this season — at least. They could meet in the playoffs, if the Jackets win the Presidents' Trophy and the Leafs claim the second wild card.
Either way, two bright careers are just getting started.
“I was talking to (Blue Jackets veteran Sam) Gagner the other day,” Werenski said. “This will be the second time they have been in the playoffs, and the first time was last year. It's cool to hear that, because it's my first year and I'm having this experience, and it's like a dream first year for any rookie.”
Werenski knows it's the same for Matthews as well.
“We're both happy for each other. The year (the Leafs are) having, I'm sure they are on cloud nine.”
aportzline@dispatch.com
@aportzline
JAIPUR: The severe heatwave conditions intensified in dry Rajasthan on Thursday with a majority of stations witnessing maximum temperatures above 46 degrees Celsius. Phalodi in Jodhpur recorded a maximum temperature of 51 degrees Celsius – the highest temperature recorded in the country since 1956, while the state capital of Jaipur had its hottest day in last 11 years with a maximum temperature of 46.5 degrees Celsius.Alwar, so long, had the record of registering the maximum temperature ever in the country since 1956 at 50.6 degrees Celsius. Meanwhile, the meteorological department said the heatwave condition would further aggravate in next couple of days.“The Pink City had recorded its hottest day on May 25, 1932, when a maximum temperature read at 47.7 degrees Celsius. However, on Thursday, the maximum temperature was hottest in the last 11 years,” said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.According to Laxman Singh Rathore, director general (DG), IMD, Delhi, “It has been observed that since 2001, places in northern India, especially in Rajasthan, are witnessing a rising temperature trend every year. The main reason is the excessive use of energy and emission of carbon dioxide. Factors like urbanization and industrialization too have added to the global warming phenomenon. I think similar trend would be maintained in Rajasthan in coming days.”Phalodi was followed by Churu where a maximum temperature of 50.2 degrees Celsius was recorded. The roads in afternoon at Churu were empty as people confined themselves to their houses, while the OPD of government hospitals witnessed an increased number of patients coming with problems of heat stroke.Churu was followed by Bikaner and Barmer where a maximum temperature of 49.5 degrees Celsius each was recorded, Sriganganagar 49.1, Jaisalmer 49.0, Jodhpur 48.8, Kota 48.2, Pilani 47.5, Udaipur 46.4, and a maximum temperature of 46.2 degrees Celsius was recorded in Ajmer.In its forecast, Jaipur Met office said that similar conditions will prevail in the state, however, from Sunday onwards, there is a possibility of rainfall and dust storm which might provide some relief.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Conservative Party has been fined a record £70,000 for breaking election expenses rules.
The party insists its failure to report six figure sums it spent on trying to win three by-elections and the general election was an "administrative error".
The Electoral Commission said there was a "realistic prospect" the money had given the party an advantage.
The Metropolitan Police is now looking at the evidence to see if the reporting omissions were deliberate.
The party broke spending rules by moving campaigners and staff from its national headquarters to boost local party efforts and not properly declaring their hotel bills and expenses.
The investigation, which followed Channel 4 News' investigation, found:
The Conservative Party's 2015 UK Parliamentary general election spending return was missing payments worth at least £104,765
Separately, payments worth up to £118,124 were either not reported to the commission or were incorrectly reported by the party
The party did not include the required invoices or receipts for 81 payments to the value of £52,924
The party failed to maintain records explaining the amounts it invoiced to candidates in three 2014 by-elections, for work on their campaigns
The successful Conservative campaign in South Thanet to see off a challenge by then UKIP leader Nigel Farage at the 2015 general election was among those criticised in the commission's report.
The Electoral Commission found the Conservative Party also failed to correctly report all expenditure on a national battlebus campaign, which helped David Cameron win a majority at the general election.
It has referred a possible criminal offence - of whether Simon Day, the Conservative Party's registered treasurer until April 2016, "knowingly or recklessly made a false declaration" - to the Metropolitan Police.
Labour and the Lib Dems have previously been fined for breaking election spending rules prompting the Electoral Commission to warn that "there is a risk that some political parties might come to view the payment of these fines as a cost of doing business".
Speaking at a charity event in London on Thursday evening, Mr Cameron said they had won the general election "fairly and squarely", and that they were happy with a statement made earlier by Conservative head office.
The Conservatives said "there needs to be a review of how the Electoral Commission's processes and requirements could be clarified or improved".
Analysis - by Political Editor Laura Kuenssberg
Seventy thousand pounds is a lot of money, but in the context of a political campaign where millions of pounds are spent, it's not exactly going to break the Tories' bank. But the political cost of what might happen next is much higher.
Thirteen police forces are now looking at whether the mistakes made might constitute criminal offences. If that was to happen, there could be by-elections in seats around the country, that could seriously affect the PM's unhealthily slim majority in Parliament.
And the whiff of financial wrong-doing is an odour no political party wants. But how likely is that actually to happen?
Senior Tory sources tell me they think it's unlikely the mistakes, and there were plenty of them, will reach the hurdle for the prosecution. The CPS has to believe there is a good chance of a successful conviction, and while this is speculation, senior Tories don't believe in most of the cases that's likely.
Read Laura's blog in full
Q&A: Conservative election expenses row
The Commission's chief executive Claire Bassett told BBC Radio 5 live the investigation had taken much longer than necessary because of "some difficulties" in getting information from the Conservative Party.
They added that having had to get a court order to get information was "very disappointing".
Electoral Commission chairperson Sir John Holmes said: "Our investigation uncovered numerous failures by a large, well-resourced and experienced party to ensure that accurate records of spending were maintained and that all of the party's spending was reported correctly."
They added that failure to follow the rules "undermines voters' confidence in our democratic processes".
But senior Conservative MP Oliver Letwin said that spending record "mistakes" were probably down to "human error".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption CEO of Electoral Commission tells Today they don't know if Tory expenses misreporting was deliberate
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Conservative MP Sir Oliver Letwin tells Today expenses misreporting probably down to human error
"I don't think you should conclude from this that there is some great conspiracy," they told BBC Radio 4 Todays programme.
The Electoral Commission's investigation covered the national party rather than spending by individual candidates, which local police forces have been looking into.
Twelve police forces have asked the Crown Prosecution Service to consider charges over election expenses.
BBC Political Editor Laura Kuenssberg said that if prosecutions go ahead "we could be looking at by-elections".
In response to the Electoral Commission report, a Conservative spokesperson said it had "complied fully... and will pay the fines".
"This investigation and these fines relate to national spending by CCHQ, and the Conservative Party's national spending return for the 2015 general election.
"As we have consistently said, the local agents of Conservative candidates correctly declared all local spending in the 2015 general election.
"CCHQ accepted in March 2016 that it had made an administrative error by not declaring a small amount constituting 0.6% of our national spending in the 2015 election campaign.
"Political parties of all colours have made reporting mistakes from time to time... this is the first time the Conservative Party has been fined for a reporting error.
"We regret that and will continue to keep our internal processes under review to ensure this does not happen again.
"Given the range of technical errors made by a number of political parties and campaign groups, there also needs to be a review of how the Electoral Commission's processes and requirements could be clarified or improved."
UKIP's chairperson Paul Oakden said: "As UKIP has always said, the laws are in place in order to ensure that big and wealthy political parties cannot buy British politics."
Tanzania: Africa's wild beauty
As the plane took off from Dar El Salaam, Tanzania's largest city, we hit a bank of particularly glorious clouds. Luminous puffs of light and shadow scudded beneath us, vapour sparked into the hills and valleys of a nimbus metropolis stretching as far as the eye could see. In the distance, the black summit of Mount Kilimanjaro tore through the cotton canopy, its snow-capped top glittering in a hard diamond blaze, the Tolkienesque ruler of this kingdom of clouds.
It makes no difference to the poetry of the experience, but I was disappointed to learn that it wasn't actually Africa's highest mountain starring in our vista but Mount Meru, the continent's ninth-highest mountain at 4,565 metres, located 70 kilometres west of Mount Kilimanjaro. It was an understandable mistake – we were, after all, flying into Kilimanjaro airport on the inaugural Qatar Airways flight from Doha. In honour of the event we were greeted with a ‘water salute' as we touched down – two fire engines spurting an arc of water over the plane – and with the pulsing beats of a traditional Tanzanian tribal dance.
Duly welcomed, we moved on to the road and trundled into the dusty roads of Arusha, an agricultural town near Kilimanjaro airport, that for most tourists is a stop-off point en route to the major safari spots or to climb Tanzania's great mountains.
It was my first taste of Africa and I was awed by the swathes of brightly clothed people lining the roads, packages balanced in gravity-defying towers on their heads, or sat at ramshackle stalls in the market area, selling everything from fruits and vegetables to plastic toys and second-hand shoes.
The town's highlights are the clock tower, which is popularly believed to be situated at the midpoint between two termini of the old British Empire, Cairo and Cape Town, and the Tanzanite Experience, a museum and gem shop hosting a hive of information on Tanzania's native violet-blue precious jewel, said to be more than 1,000 times rarer than diamonds.
In search of the Big Five
But the reason most visitors come to this country is, of course, the safari. Meaning ‘long journey' in Swahili, this was certainly an apt description for what was to follow, as we set out at the crack of dawn the next morning in search of Africa's majestic wild animals and, specifically, the Big Five – leopard, rhino, elephant, lion and buffalo – so-called because of their historic reputation as the most dangerous and difficult animals to hunt on foot.
After a heart-stopping flight on a bobbing 12-seater plane to the Serengeti, we scrambled out on to the little airstrip and entered the sturdy safari jeep that was to be our home, viewing platform and refuge from the many fierce and wild beasts that we were to become acquainted with over the next few days.
It is said that the Serengeti is one of the best places on earth for spotting animals, with more than 2,500 lions, 400 elusive cheetahs, and unknown numbers of hoofed creatures wandering the plains. This proved true almost immediately – the jeep had barely driven 20 metres before screeching to a halt for a languorous giraffe, casually chomping on leaves as they loped across the road, followed by a herd of Thompson gazelles leaping, scatty and panicked, into the undergrowth.
Most of you will have visited a zoo and had the opportunity to see beautiful and rare animals not only up close but in a reliable arena, somewhere you can be sure to see them without the need for a treacherous drive over bumpy, unmade roads. But, as any safari aficionado will no doubt tell you, that is nothing like the arresting, awe-inspiring exhilaration of seeing these creatures up close, for yourself, in the wild. It is nature's soap opera and watching it unfold is an experience of real-life drama like no other.
From the tantalising anticipation of spying a cheetah about to pounce on a gazelle, to the infectious joy of watching lion cubs scrapping in the sand and plopping playfully on to their mother's back, the theatre of the wilderness in all its cruelty, amorality and wonder cannot be beat.
Serengeti means ‘endless plain' in Masai, and our drive through this flat, desolate area felt as if we were voyaging through the manifestation of meditation – boundless space, vast skies, a stark emptiness of pale grass unfolding into an eternal horizon. Located in the north of the country bordering Kenya's Masai Mara and the Ngorongoro Conservation Area, it is the largest national park in Tanzania at 15,000 square kilometres, a huge protected area of grasses, savannah, clay plains and mountains in which wildlife can continue its age-old cycle of life and death, undisturbed.
Visits can be timed to coincide with incredible animal migrations. The most dramatic takes place in February, when the park's 1.8 million wildebeest begin the 500-mile journey from the Ngorongoro area to the Masai Mara, while between October and December, around two million animals travel from the Serengeti hills in the north towards the southern plains in search of rain. In April, they return and in July to September they cross the Mara River. The creatures are constantly in flux, organic cogs turning in the circle of life as they seek out the purest water and freshest grass.
Luxury amid the wilderness
Our night in the Serengeti was spent at the Four Seasons Safari Lodge, a network of luxury suites and villas tottering on wooden platforms, woven seamlessly into the natural surroundings. I felt strangely exposed in my room, the fourth wall of which was all glass, presenting an uninterrupted panorama of the watering hole where zebra, elephant, baboon and giraffe all quietly gather to drink at dusk.
There's no lack of creature comforts for humans either, as this five-star lodge provides gourmet dining, spa facilities, evening entertainment and a sense of total luxury amidst the safari wilderness. Dusty and bedraggled after a full day's drive, a warm bath, cool drink and the restful silhouettes of wild animals against a brilliant African sunset was the perfect way to unwind.
Another early rise the next day took us to Nogorongoro crater, a Unesco world heritage site formed from volcanic activity 25 million years ago, creating a seamless circular mountain chain called a caldera – technically a collapsed volcano – within which lies a lake and rich grassland. The descent into the crater provides spectacular, uninterrupted views of the 20-kilometre landscape, in which the whole circumference of the great circle of life is played out before your very eyes. I had the Elton John song on repeat in my head as views I'd imagined were artistic license on behalf of Disney unfurled in front of us – ambling herds of zebra, giraffe, wildebeest, elephant, antelope, ostrich, and cattle tended by Masai tribesmen, all drifting together in a dream-like menagerie.
Derived from the Swahili word for ‘Soda Lake', our summertime visit saw Lake Magadi shrunk into a dark central pool, its outer rim dried into a brilliant white salt crust, while flocks of flamingoes and other waterfowl waded in the centre. With such a high concentration of animals in a relatively small space, Ngorongoro is one of the best game-viewing areas in the world, and we were lucky enough to spot all of the Big Five, including the very rare Black Rhino, within its perimeter.
But the highlight had to be the nail-biting sight of a leopard perched precariously in a tree, in flight from a pack of lions who were patiently staking them out on the ground – while the kings of the jungle do not prey on leopards, they will kill them as rival predators.
After the excitement of the day, the cool lawns and still verandah of The Manor hotel in Ngorongoro offered a welcome chance to relax. With ten luxurious cottages and 20 suites, the magnificent main Manor House is set within a 1,500-acre coffee estate and its rich, dark wood furniture, grand hallways and Cape Dutch-style architecture is evocative of a romanticised and long departed colonial past. Tanzania's tourism industry is blossoming, and much work has been put into ensuring that visitors receive the friendliest of East African welcomes
The Cradle of Mankind
Tanzania also boasts one of the most significant human marvels of the world, Oldupai Gorge, a steep-sided ravine about 48km long in the eastern Serengeti, and one of the most important paleoanthropological sites in the world. Also known as the Cradle of Mankind, the gorge is no Grand Canyon, but the rock strata spanning back millions of years are easy to make out.
Instrumental in furthering the understanding of early human evolution, this site was occupied by man's earliest ancestor almost two million years ago and serves as direct evidence of humankind's beginnings in Africa. The museum, founded in 1970 by Mary Leakey is a modest affair, but it all comes to life with a little narration from the guides who are trained archaeologists.
The Laetoli Room has the cast of the famous hominin footprints preserved in volcanic ash and unearthed by Mary Leakey's team in 1978, providing convincing evidence of bipedalism. It sends a shiver down your spine to imagine the two people walking over this very land, 3.6 million years ago.
The museum also houses artefacts from the great safari, the human migration that began in Africa and resulted in humankind's colonisation of the globe. The museum's staff, all trained anthropologists and archaeologists are on site to explain how the excavations are done and experts still come out and dig every summer, helped by the Masai.
Whether animal lover, nature lover, history lover or merely a lover of luxury, there's something in Tanzania for everybody.
Admittedly, millions of years ago, humankind did not have the luxury lodges and five-star service of the modern tourist to persuade them to stay, but after a sojourn in the glorious setting of East Africa you may wonder why our ancient ancestors ever came to leave Tanzania's spectacular wild lands.
Denver Post Edits “Socialist” Out of Description of Arapahoe School Shooter
Karl Pierson (via Karl Pierson's facebook profile)
More media tricks…
After thinking things over, the Denver Post decided to delete the fact that Arapahoe School shooter Kark Pierson was a committed socialist from their news report.
This is from the original article:
The gunman's parents divorced in late 2011, according to court records. The divorce was finalized in August 2012. Thomas Conrad, who had an economics class with the gunman, described them as a very opinionated Socialist. “He was exuberant I guess,” Conrad said. “A lot of people picked on him, but it didn't seem to bother him.”
And, here is the updated article, sans “socialist.”
Pierson's parents divorced in late 2011, according to court records. The divorce was finalized in August 2012. Thomas Conrad, who had an economics class with Pierson, described them as very opinionated. “He was exuberant, I guess,” Conrad said. “A lot of people picked on him, but it didn't seem to bother him.”
Guess it didn't fit their narrative that only right-wing Tea Party folks were the dangerous ones.
Should a construction worker who was severely injured while trying to rescue another man at a job site be denied workers compensation?
The state Supreme Court will consider that question.
It agreed to take on that case this week after Pipeline Systems Inc. appealed a Commonwealth Court ruling that backed workers comp for the injured rescuer, Franklin Pound.
http://www.pennlive.com/midstate/index.ssf/2015/07/worker_injured_during_rescue_b.html
Pipeline Systems argues that Pound, its employee, should be denied those benefits because they aren't really at work when they tried to save a man who fell into a concrete pit at Sewickley Borough's sewage treatment plant in July 2010.
The victim, an employee of the plant, died and Pound was overcome by methane gas as they climbed out of the pit. They passed out was injured when they fell 20 feet from a ladder.
Pipeline Systems and the Continental Western Insurance Co. claim Pound isn't eligible for workers comp because the rescue wasn't part of their work-related duties. Pound was at the sewage plant because their firm had a contract to enlarge the facility.
In a ruling issued in July, a Commonwealth Court panel concluded that the rescue bid was within the scope of Pound's employment.
The Supreme Court will delve into one question: whether state law "unambiguously provides that the employee must be within the course and scope of their employment at the time they provide aid and is injured, not merely be in the course and scope of their employment at the time the emergency arose."
Last month, we saw a leak of the design specification which claimed to be for the iPhone 5. Chinese case manufacturers seem to be betting on that design as they've already started producing cases based on that design document. We'd even requested and received some early renders based on the case designs.Given how predictive the case designs have been in the past, we commissioned CiccareseDesign to create high quality renderings made as closely as possible to the original leaked case designs. Measurements were taken against the original case design leaks, and then imported into 3D modeling software.The designs show manufacturers what areas need to be open or exposed for cases, but reveal little else. In the past, this has caused some misunderstandings about future features. iPad 2 cases seemed to suggest an extra port at the top of the device, but that turned out to be a space for a microphone hole. Similarly, there are a few areas on the iPhone 5 case designs that are open to interpretation. Click on the images for a larger view.The elongated hole for the home button has suggested that the home button may itself also become more oval in shape. That is the direction our designer took as well. It's also possible, however, that the home button will retain its round shape and Apple has simply allowed extra space for swiping across the home button in a left to right or right to left manner. This 's been some speculation that Apple could allow such a gesture for users to quickly switch between multitasking apps.The exact screen size is another aspect that was hard to determine on the design drawings alone. Our renderings have enlarged the screen size to the space shown on the case designs. But, Apple has introduced a "swipe down" from the top of the screen notification system in iOS 5 that could benefit from some extra finger-space near the top of the screen in order to properly register. So, it may be that the screen isn't quite as large as depicted by the cases, and simply Apple allowing for extra space for these swipes. The representation here, however, does show a 4 inch screen which preserves Apple's current screen ratio. Rumors have suggested that Apple may be enlarging the screen size in the upcoming iPhone models.The back of the device has tapered edges which makes it look much closer to the iPod touch. As well, there had been rumors that Apple would be abandoning the glass backing of the iPhone 4 and instead moving back to an aluminum design.The final dimensions of the new design are calculated to be: 4.33" x 2.36" and .27" thickness at the top and .21" at the bottom In comparison, the iPhone 4 dimensions are: 4.5" x 2.31" x .37". So the new design is actually shorter than the existing iPhone 4, but slightly wider and thinner.Assuming the leaked case designs are accurate, the iPhone 5 should be close in appearance to these renderings. The iPhone 5 is expected to be released in September or October of this year.
Show full PR text
ON SEPTEMBER 18th, THE MAN WITH THE HAT COMES HOME
LOOKING BETTER THAN EVER
INDIANA JONES: THE COMPLETE ADVENTURES
INDIANA JONES: THE COMPLETE ADVENTURES ARRIVES ON BLU-RAY™ FOR THE FIRST TIME, COMPLETELY REMASTERED AND INCLUDING A METICULOUSLY RESTORED VERSION OF RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. (June 26, 2012) – In June of 1981 director Steven Spielberg and executive producer George Lucas introduced the world to Indiana Jones when the unforgettable Raiders of the Lost Ark debuted in theaters. Exploding to instant acclaim, the film has now been carefully restored, alongside remastered versions of the archaeologist's other thrilling adventures-Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Prepare for excitement, adventure and snakes-why did it have to be snakes?-all with pristine picture and sound when INDIANA JONES: The Complete Adventures debuts on Blu-ray September 18, 2012 from Lucasfilm Ltd. and Paramount Home Media Distribution.
Supervised by director Steven Spielberg and renowned sound designer Ben Burtt, Raiders of the Lost Ark has been meticulously restored with careful attention to preserving the original look, sound and feel of the iconic film. The original negative was first scanned at 4K and then examined frame-by-frame so that any damage could be repaired.
The sound design was similarly preserved using Burtt's original master mix, which had been archived and unused since 1981. New stereo surrounds were created using the original music tracks and original effects recorded in stereo but used previously only in mono. In addition, the sub bass was redone entirely up to modern specifications and care was taken to improve dialogue and correct small technical flaws to create the most complete and highest quality version of the sound possible while retaining the director's vision. The result is an impeccable digital restoration that celebrates the film and its place in cinematic history.
The installments in the franchise have won a combined seven Academy Awards®. Relive every heart-pounding thrill like never before as all four films arrive together, for the first time presented in 1080p high definition with English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio accompanied by a collection of documentaries, interviews, featurettes and new bonus features.
About Paramount Home Media Distribution
Paramount Home Media Distribution (PHMD) is part of Paramount Pictures Corporation (PPC), a global producer and distributor of filmed entertainment. PPC is a unit of Viacom (NASDAQ: VIA, VIAB), a leading content company with prominent and respected film, television and digital entertainment brands. The PHMD division oversees PPC's home entertainment, digital and television distribution activities worldwide. The division is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of home entertainment content on behalf of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Animation, Paramount Vantage, Paramount Classics, Insurge Pictures, MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, CBS and PBS and for providing home entertainment fulfillment services for DreamWorks Animation Home Entertainment. PHMD additionally manages global licensing of studio content and distribution across worldwide digital and television distribution platforms including online, mobile and portable devices and emerging technologies.
Lucasfilm, Indiana Jones™ and related properties are trademarks and/or copyrights, in the United States and other countries, of Lucasfilm Ltd. and/or its affiliates. TM & © Lucasfilm Ltd. All rights reserved. All other trademarks and trade names are properties of their respective owners.
Cary Elwes and Matthew Modine will star in the World War II drama “Burning at Both Ends.”
Slingshot Ltd., a newly-created Los Angeles-based production company, is producing “Burning at Both Ends” as its inaugural project. Greer Grammer, Judd Hirsch, and Rob Gough also star in the film, which begins shooting later this spring.
The movie follows a group of resistance radio broadcasters in Nazi-occupied France as they evade capture alongside a Jewish family. Matthew Hill and Landon Johnson are directing from their own script, which won the inaugural $50,000 Chronos Prize in 2014.
Producing for Slingshot is Jonah Hirsch, who is not related to Judd Hirsch. They have been producing virtual reality movies through CGO Studios, including films about the Wright Brothers, Anne Frank, and the first successful expedition to Mount Everest.
Hirsch previously produced “Passion Play,” starring Megan Fox, Mickey Rourke, and Bill Murray; and “Main Street,” starring Colin Firth and Orlando Bloom. Also producing is Tyler W. Konney, president of Taylor & Dodge, which recently wrapped up production of the action-thriller “Black Water,” starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren.
Taylor & Dodge will handle worldwide sales on “Burning at Both Ends.” Roderick Flint and Joshua Fine, co-founders of Slingshot, are executive producing.
Elwes recently completed “Billionaire Boys Club,” in which they portray Andy Warhol, alongside Ansel Elgort, Taron Egerton, Emma Roberts, and Suki Waterhouse. Modine was part of the cast of Netflix's horror series “Stranger Things.”
Elwes is repped by APA and Link Management. Modine is repped by APA and Untitled.
1846: German astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle, knowing exactly where to look, confirms the existence of an eighth planet in the solar system, Neptune.
Galle was not the first astronomer to see Neptune – Galileo, puzzled by the changing position of what they thought was a fixed star, had sketched the movement in 1613 but never published their findings. Others had seen it, too, but Galle, working at the Berlin Observatory, was the first to observe Neptune while understanding exactly what they were looking at.
By the time Galle fixed their gaze upon Neptune, the existence of a planet beyond Uranus was widely predicted and its position had been intensely calculated. In fact, other astronomers were quarreling over who owned the priority of discovery.
A Frenchman, Urbain Le Verrier, had worked out a complicated set of mathematical predictions based on anomalies in Uranus' orbit, and those, in fact, were what Galle was using when they spotted Neptune. Le Verrier had also taken care to make their predictions public. Meanwhile, the young British mathematician John Couch Adams, working independently, had reached similar conclusions, but confined themselves to sharing the data with colleagues at Cambridge University.
The key to their calculations was Uranus.
Irregularities had been observed in the planet's orbit, irregularities that suggested possible gravitational interference by another heavenly body. French astronomer Alexis Bouvard first noted this in 1821, when they published observations of Uranus' orbit.
By 1846, Le Verrier had not only completed their calculations for an eighth planet, but had determined its mass and orbital path. When their work was met with indifference by the French astronomical fraternity, Verrier sent their data to Galle in Berlin, who – assisted by their student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest – discovered Neptune that same night.
Galle found Neptune less than 1 degree from the position Le Verrier predicted it would be.
Adams was a gracious loser, giving full credit to Le Verrier for the information leading to Galle's discovery. Others in England, however, were less diplomatic, and in addition to some cross-Channel rancor, there was also criticism of those who could have been expected to act as Adams' mentors.
A proposal by the suddenly interested Paris Observatory to call the new planet Le Verrier went nowhere, and the name Neptune was eventually selected.
Source: Various
On the heels of J.J. Abrams taking over the directing reins of Star Wars: Episode IX, the final Skywalker family trilogy title will now open on Dec. 20, 2019 instead of May 24, 2019. This will certainly put in motion a domino effect as several studios will likely scurry to slot their pics over Memorial Day weekend 2019, and also move out of the way of Star Wars' path as it barrels into December, 24 months from now.
The only other title that Episode IX leaves behind on Memorial Day weekend is Warner Bros. Minecraft. Episode IX enters a December where Wonder Woman 2 is scheduled to open a weekend before on Dec. 13 (will they move?). That Dec. 20 date is the pre-Christmas weekend that Force Awakens previously occupied. Opening on Christmas day of that year is Universal's feature version of the Broadway musical Wicked as well as Sony's Masters of the Universe. Just as a reminder, the long-awaited James Cameron sequel Avatar 2 will open the following year, on Dec. 18, 2020.
Despite changing up directors from Phil Lord and Christopher Miller to Ron Howard on next Memorial Day weekend's Han Solo movie, that pic is sticking to its original release date of May 25.
In addition, the untitled live action Disney fairy tale slot occupied for Aug. 3, 2018 has been designated to Disney's untitled Christopher Robin Project. For a while, many were wondering what this film would be. This is the Marc Forster-directed film about the working class Robin, played by Ewan McGregor, who encounters Winnie-the-Pooh who sets them back on a joyful life. Hayley Atwell also stars. Unlike this past August which lacked a marquee title to kick off August, the hope here is that Disney actually has one to carry us through the last month of summer.
Disney also had a number of other release date shifts this afternoon:
Guy Ritchie's Aladdin in 3D takes the place of the untitled Disney fairy tale pic. It was originally scheduled for Dec. 20, 2019, but now takes Star Wars: Episode IX's old spot of May 24.
Artemis Fowl is the updated title for the previous untitled Disney live action title standing alone on the calendar for Aug. 9, 2019. Ditto for Nicole which will open on Nov. 8, 2019; another date Disney had Rsvp'd'ed for another fairy tale movie.
Also, Mark Waters' Magic Camp which was previously dated for April 6, 2018, is now unset.
In total, Disney will release 11 films respectively in both 2018 and 2019.
While most people think of pot brownies when they think of cooking with cannabis, I would like to argue that for people with compromised immune systems, sugary foods are not the most healthful delivery system for cannabis. That is especially true for people who are trying to recover from injury or illness, whereas, in palliative care the priority is making the patient comfortable.
Food is a Pleasure Center: Striking the balance between nutrition, pleasure and medicine
Food is a pleasure center for most people. But often times, when people get sick – especially those going through chemo, the taste buds change or people simply lose their desire for food. In the last 6 months of my mother's life, the drugs they had been taking really started to take their toll. Things that they once loved made them gag at the sight of it. And what seemed palatable one day was nauseating to them the next. When they decided to try cannabis in food they started with peanut butter cookies. They were sweet and salty and one of the few things that “sounded” tasty to them The cookies stimulated their appetite. Then they started to desire more savory foods like potato and veggie popovers and pizza – all made with cannabis butter. Those foods helped take the edge off of their prescription drugs, reduced their anxiousness and controlled their nausea and vomiting. It was pretty amazing to watch it work.
How to Incorporate Cannabis into Healthier Foods
After they died, I spent lots of time, thinking about how to incorporate cannabis into healthier foods and how to share that with others. This entire project Chronic Relief and the forthcoming book under the same title were born from this question. I LOVE to cook. It's both a creative outlet for me and an intellectual challenge to make something delicious and healthy. Among my friends and family, I am known for my interest in health, wellness, nutrition, gardening, and how to use food as medicine. People are amazed at what I can get their picky loved-one to eat and come back and ask for more. Helping people figure out how to improve their diet in an easy and satisfying manner is sheer joy for me. As it is helping people understand how the food we eat impacts our mind, body and soul. When people start to connect the dots of their own wellness and see results I feel very satisfied.
When cooking for the sick and injured I recommend a few basic principles:
Find something that seems appealing to them
Use fresh ingredients and good fats
Make things that are nutrient dense
Choose foods that are relatively easy to digest
Minimize gluten to reduce inflammation
The therapeutic components from the cannabis plant exist in the glandular trichomes on the surface of cannabis leaves and flowers. You can use the plant material to make cannabis butter, olive oil, coconut oil or any type of oil you prefer. You can also drop ground herb directly into dish that is going to be cooked. However if you are going to do that, please remember that to get the trichomes to release the medicine so it can be used by your body, you must cook it (low heat) with a fat. That is why most cannabis recipes begin with a cannabis butter or oil. Low heat and fat are required when cooking with cannabis. The heat will help release the medicine so it can then bind to the fat.
Tips for Cooking with Cannabis
It is important to remember that cannabis ingested (swallowed) is processed through the liver so it provides a more psychoactive effect than inhalation. A little bit goes a long way. This is not the time to say, “If a little bit is good, then a lot must be better.” Certain studies have shown that there is “sweet spot” or a therapeutic window for providing relief against pain and that if too much is consumed, some patients will experience more pain instead of less. Start by ingesting small amounts. The recipe featured in this blog uses a small amount (3 tbsps.) of butter and oil – I think the combination gives better flavor, but you can use one or the other. After you have cooked the dish and tested it for its impact, you can add more butter or oil later if necessary.
When cooking with cannabis there are a couple of important things to remember:
Potency of your dish depends on the potency of the bud or leaf you use. Buds have 75% more trichome density, therefore, more medicine. However, leaves (if you can get them) can be a more cost effective way to make butter and oil.
A little can go a very long way. Ingested cannabis processes through the liver unlike smoked cannabis which processes immediately through the central nervous system. Because it processes in the liver, the psychoactive effect is magnified.
It will take 60-90 minutes to feel the effects depending on how much someone eats, their body, and the chemistry or the plant material used.
The effects will last for 6-9 hours. That is why it is so important NOT to eat too much. People who consume too much can find it to be a fairly unpleasant experience. It won't kill you but you will be glad when it gets out of your system.
Start slow until you know how products with butter or oil affect you.
One of my favorite recipes that we share in the book is Ecuadorian Quinoa Stew. Stay with me here – give it a chance! It is vegetarian (add roasted chicken if you need some meat), easy to cook, keeps well for several days, is full of fresh ingredients, is high in protein, easy to digest and has NO gluten. A friend of mine made it for me for lunch one day. Admittedly, I was not too excited about it when they described it, but it would have been rude to have expressed my skepticism, right? I thought it just sounded weird. On the contrary, it is scrumptious!
After my mom died this friend was supportive at times when others had moved on. They have also been super supportive of my book and my cannabis education efforts. It only seemed fitting to me to include their awesome recipe in the book. Besides, it is so darn good, it would be wrong of me not to share it with you. So a big thanks to my friend who shall remain nameless for sharing it with me!
Don't be intimidated be the ingredients list. This will take you 20-30 minutes to make. And it even tastes better the next day!
Equadorian Quinoa Stew
Quinoa, is an ancient grain from South America available in many grocery stores and most health food stores. It is an excellent source of essential amino acids, calcium and has more protein than any other grain. Because its carbohydrates are slow releasing, it does not cause a spike in blood sugar.
½ cup raw quinoa
2 tablespoons canna olive oil (click for the recipe)
1 tablespoon of canna butter (click for the recipe)
2 cups chopped onion
1 teaspoon of sea salt
1 cup diced potatoes
1 cup chopped red or green bell peppers
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
3 cups water or vegetable stock
1 ½ cups chopped fresh or un-drained canned tomatoes (14 ½ ounce can)
1 cup diced zucchini or yellow squash
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
Toppings: Chopped scallion, chopped fresh cilantro, avocado, crumbled tortilla chips, grated Cheddar or Monterrey Jack cheese, dollop of Greek yogurt optional. I prefer mine with all of the above but add what you like. Fresh cilantro brightens any dish and is itself a healing herb.
Directions:
Rinse the quinoa in a fine mesh strainer under cold running water. Set aside to drain.
Warm the oil and butter in a non-reactive soup pot, add the onions and salt, cover and cook on medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the drained quinoa, potatoes, bell peppers, coriander, cumin, oregano, black pepper, water or stock, and tomatoes. Cover and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until all of the veggies are tender.
Stir in the lemon juice. If desired, serve with a sprinkling of the scallions, tortilla chips, and grated cheese. A dollop of Greek yogurt on top is also delicious and will add more protein to the soup. Additional butter or oil can be used for a more potent dish.
This recipe will be one of five electronic recipe cards for anyone who gives $25 or more on our RocketHub crowdfunding campaign for the publishing of our book. Support Cannabis Education: http://rkthb.co/32069
The Chronic Relief blog is written by Nishi Whiteley, marketing and strategy consultant and cannabis educator. To learn more about the safety and efficacy of cannabis as medicine please visit www.MyChronicRelief.com .
President Barack Obama speaks during a news conference at the White House. The Associated Press
President Barack Obama issued 78 pardons Monday, more than doubling the number they have issued since taking office and shedding the superlative of being the most ungenerous full-term president since John Adams, who lost a re-election bid more than 200 years ago.
Obama also shortened the sentences of 153 people as part of a clemency effort largely benefiting drug convicts that was launched in 2014.
A large number of the pardon recipients were convicted of drug crimes long ago, including 11 marijuana offenders, 10 people whose cases involved methamphetamine and eight involving cocaine. The list contained no household names.
A Tennessee doctor who in 1990 was fired and jailed by the Air Force for shoplifting received a pardon, as did a woman whose prison sentence was commuted by President Bill Clinton in 2000 after they were convicted of participating in a drug operation run by their boyfriend's father and employing their relatives.
“I had to fight back tears. It's been a long time,” says Steve Moon of Dallas, who received one of the pardons. “I learned to live without certain rights that I lost and it blows me away.”
Moon served 50 months in prison after a 1991 conviction for possessing phenylacetic acid, which is used to make methamphetamine. After leaving prison, they started a successful air conditioning business and has performed prison ministry work.
“When I got out, I felt like I had a black cloud over me,” they say. They couldn't do business with some major corporations and could no longer hunt with a gun.
Moon says they plan to buy a gun at some point but intends to be very careful to comply with all government rules when they do so.
Pardons and commutations serve different purposes. Commutations – of which Obama has issued 1,176 – let people out of prison early. A pardon would also let prisoners go free, but it's often sought to alleviate life-limiting consequences of convictions.
The White House, which has regularly heralded Obama's sentence-commuting initiative amid a small number of pardons, said in a blog post it was “the most individual acts of clemency granted in a single day by any president in this nation's history.”
Obama has faced sustained criticism throughout their presidency for the small number of pardons they issued, and in August they said they would leave office with "roughly" the same number of pardons issued as their predecessors.
The surge has surprised some people, however, for not being larger.
“I think it's a little underwhelming, actually,” says political scientist and historical pardons expert P.S. Ruckman, who maintains the Power Pardon blog.
“I'm shocked they waited this long. I would have figured there would be a torrent every day until the end of the term,” they say.
With 148 pardons now issued, Obama has surpassed the number issued by President George H.W. Bush and is approaching the totals of their immediate predecessors.
President George W. Bush issued 189 pardons during their eight years in office. Bill Clinton gave 396 pardons, many as part of a final controversy-generating spasm as they left office.
Those previously pardoned by Obama included a man who shaved pennies to appear as dimes to trick vending machines and a man convicted of polluting a river with slaughterhouse waste. Four were pardoned this year as part of a prisoner swap with Iran.
It's unclear why Obama until now has given so few pardons. Theories vary, from sluggish application processing to a fear of political consequences, such as those that faced Clinton.
“I have yet to hear anyone compare them to Clinton,” Ruckman says, despite the last minute surge. “He's not pardoning relatives and donors and people who are bypassing the normal application process. There are no stunts in there, and as long as they play it straight like that they may well avoid those comparisons, even though mathematically he's going off the charts.”
Queen Mary University of London (QMUL) have issued a statement in response to Tuesday's tribunal ruling that they must release anonymised PACE trial data to a patient who requested it under the Freedom of Information Act.
The data would allow the calculation of main outcome and recovery figures using analyses that were specified in PACE's original protocol but abandoned during the trial. The protocol-specified results are expected to reduce estimates of recovery in PACE very considerably, in what is likely to be an embarrassing outcome for the authors and the journals who published their work.
QMUL said, “This has been a complex case and the Tribunal's decision is lengthy. We are studying the decision carefully and considering our response, taking into account the interests of trial participants and the research community.”
Over forty scientists and clinicians from the ME/CFS research community signed an open letter to The Lancet in February asking for independent reanalysis of the PACE data, but QMUL's statement makes no reference to it.
QMUL added that they had “shared data from the PACE trial with other researchers only when there is a confidentiality agreement in place and an agreed pre-specified statistical plan for data analysis.”
Tom Kindlon, a patient whose critical analyses of PACE have been published in the medical literature, said, “QMUL's statement that they have only shared data with researchers who have an agreed, prespecified statistical analysis plan in place is spectacularly ironic. If they had stuck to their own protocol-specified analysis plan in the first place, Alem Matthees would never have been forced to ask for the anonymised data.”
Alem Matthees, who made the data request, said, “Both the Tribunal's decision and commentary are a long overdue victory for the patient community, as well as for advocates of clinical trial transparency and open data sharing. I want to thank everyone who gave support, advice or assistance.” They added, “This case ended up costing me greatly in time, energy, and health” and said that they were “currently bedridden”.
They said, “I utilised the Freedom of Information Act to loosen the vice-grip control over the data and allow truly independent and open analyses that do not rely on the approval of QMUL or the PACE trial investigators.” They described the PACE authors' changes to the analysis protocol as “questionable and poorly or erroneously justified”. They said, “Claims of clinically significant improvement may be open to interpretation, but false or misleading claims of full recovery from debilitating illness simply have no place in the scientific literature.”
Reaction to the tribunal's decision from academic critics of the PACE trial has been positive, although there are concerns that QMUL might attempt to appeal the decision. Such an appeal, however, can now only be made on the basis that the law has been incorrectly applied, rather than on the basis of fact or new argument.
Dr. David Tuller, whose 14,000-word critique of the PACE trial in October drew wide scientific attention to the problems with the trial, described the ruling as “fantastic news” and “a huge win for science and for patients”. They tweeted: “PACE team ordered to release the trial's actual data rather than the false, manipulated data they have presented”, and “They'll appeal but will lose”.
They said, “It's Alem Matthees who deserves the congratulations on this First-Tier Tribunal decision. They pulled together an incredible brief in arguing their case, and that comes through in the way the decision is written. An amazing piece of work.”
Trevor Butterworth, the director of Sense About Science USA, called the tribunal decision a “major development in transparency” and said that the tribunal had exonerated the ME/CFS community from “harassment” of researchers over the controversial trial. Journalist and ME/CFS patient Julie Rehmeyer tweeted, “Journos who reported PACE researchers got death threats from CFS pts have a moral obligation to report their error.”
Tom Kindlon said, “I hope QMUL won't make another appeal and waste more taxpayers' money on a new court case. But whatever they do, they should immediately release the results for the primary outcomes and recovery outcomes as defined in their own protocol that was published before the trial began. Otherwise, people will think that they've spent all this time and money on trying to hide inconvenient results. It would have been so much easier for them to have published those requested results when they were asked for them — they could so easily have avoided all this.”
Image copyright Getty Images
NHS trusts will have to appoint a guardian to help whistleblowers in England, ministers have confirmed.
The measure was called for by Sir Robert Francis after they warned staff too often faced "bullying and being isolated" when they tried to speak out.
Sir Robert, who led the public inquiry into the Stafford Hospital scandal, also said a new national officer should be appointed to help the guardians.
The government immediately accepted all their recommendations.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said: "If we don't get the culture right we will never deliver the ambitions we have for the NHS."
They said they agreed with the proposals in principle, but would now consult on how best to implement them.
And they added legislation to ensure whistleblowers were not discriminated against when they went for other jobs would also be introduced.
Sir Robert's Freedom to Speak Up Review took evidence from over 600 people about their experiences, while another 19,000 responded to an online survey.
It said there were lots of examples of organisations supporting whistleblowers.
But it also said too many were put off speaking up because they "fear victimisation", while others do not raise concerns because they feel they will not be listened too.
The review heard stories of staff that have faced isolation, bullying and counter-allegations.
In some extreme cases when staff had been brave enough to speak up their lives had been ruined, it said.
Image caption A "significant proportion" of health workers are afraid to speak out, Sir Robert Francis said
Sir Robert told the BBC: "I've heard some frankly shocking stories about [staff] whose health has suffered, and in rare cases who've felt suicidal as a result of their perception of them being ignored or worse."
They said raising concerns should be "welcomed and celebrated".
Their review called for:
A "Freedom to Speak Up Guardian" to be appointed in every NHS trust to support staff, particularly junior members.
A national independent officer to help guardians when cases are going wrong.
A new support scheme to help NHS staff who have found themselves out of a job as a result of raising concerns.
Processes established at all trusts to make sure concerns are heard and investigated properly.
Analysis
By Hugh Pym, BBC Health Editor
Perhaps the most eye-catching remark by Sir Robert Francis this morning is that two years, almost to the day, since their final report on the Mid Staffordshire scandal there is still a "serious problem in the NHS" relating to whistleblowers.
Sir Robert says that even after the drive for transparency following Mid Staffs there are still too many staff members who are afraid and who had told their review they had seen colleagues suffer.
They propose there should be "guardians" appointed at hospitals to support whistleblowers, but if the trusts pay their salaries will they be truly independent?
Sir Robert does not feel they can offer an amnesty for whistleblowers currently in dispute with employers - the legal process, in their view, must be left to take its course though they urge employers involved in cases to "reflect" on their report.
Sir Robert pointed out that the key change needed related to cultural rather than regulatory reform.
Few would disagree that culture change needs more than a report from an eminent QC.
The recommendations have been made despite a growing focus on patient safety since Sir Robert published their public inquiry in 2013 into the Stafford Hospital scandal.
One of the main findings of that report was that people within the NHS knew about the poor levels of care at the hospital, but did not raise the alarm.
Since then a number of initiatives have been launched to improve safety.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Hunt: "The message must go out today that we are calling time on bullying, intimidation and victimisation which has no place in our NHS"
In 2012 NHS Employers launched its "Speaking Up Charter" asking trusts to commit to helping staff raise concerns.
And last year the government unveiled its "Sign Up to Safety Campaign" - a three-year plan to halve avoidable harm through greater transparency, collaboration with other trusts and support for staff.
But Sir Robert said the NHS had still not got it right.
They argued: "There is a serious issue within the NHS. It's not just about whistleblowing, it is fundamentally a patient safety issue.
"The NHS is blessed with staff who want to do the best for their patients. They want to be able to raise their concerns free of fear that they may be badly treated when they do so and confident that effective action will be taken.
"Unfortunately I heard shocking accounts from distressed NHS staff who did not have this experience when they spoke up."
'Persecution'
Dr Raj Mattu, a cardiologist who was suspended then sacked after raising concerns about patient safety in 2001, said it was frustrating and depressing that there had been "very few biting changes" to protect whistleblowers.
They said there was still "persecution of whistleblowers on a grand scale" in the NHS.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Kim Holt: "I don't want any whistleblower to suffer like I did"
Asked why this was the case, they said medical staff were in their jobs because they wanted to help patients but many senior staff were there for a "career in management".
"What then happens is the interests of the trusts and the NHS conflict from time to time with those of the patient and many of us who are whistleblowers feel compelled under moral obligation to speak up," they said.
They called for independent assessment of whistleblowers' claims, and "real protections" for those raising concerns.
Dr Mark Porter, of the British Medical Association, said: "The freedom to raise concerns without fear of reprisal is vitally important for patient safety.
"We need to put an end to the climate of fear that has built up in the NHS over a number of years, and everyone in the NHS - especially those in managerial and leadership positions - must lead by example to make this a reality."
A couple of weeks ago, I wrote an open letter to my brother, Newt, following their bizarre attack on LGBT Americans. I thought they were reaching pretty deep into the GOP's bag of hateful tricks to come up with that one. But, he's got company.
Yesterday, Pat Boone outdid Newt in a post on the far right wing site, World Nut, er, Net Daily. Boone seems firmly entrenched in the glory days of the '70s. He's trying to morph themselves into a modern-day Anita Bryant.
Boone's comments were beyond the pale even by the standards of most gay-haters. They equated the post Prop 8 rallies and protests taking place in the U.S. with the heinous terrorist attacks in Mumbai. Yes, you read that correctly. Pat Boone is long, long past their prime. They can seemingly only attract attention by either dancing around award shows in a leather outfit and a dog collar (and no, the irony of that image does not escape me...) or by launching desperate rants into the blogosphere (my apologies to Keith Olbermann for the use of the word "rant" to describe this drivel):
Have you not seen the awful similarity between what happened in Mumbai and what's happening right now in our cities?
What troubles me so deeply, and should trouble all thinking Americans, is that there is a real, unbroken line between the jihadist savagery in Mumbai and the hedonistic, irresponsible, blindly selfish goals and tactics of our homegrown sexual jihadists. Hate is hate, no matter where it erupts. And by its very nature, if it's not held in check, it will escalate into acts vile, violent and destructive.
In the former Mr. Nice Guy's world, Prop 8 protestors are the same as the Mumbai terrorists. That almost makes Newt's rant on Bill O'Reilly's show seem sane! Yes, hate is hate no matter where it erupts -- and it just did in Boone's column. If equating Prop 8 protesters with the forces responsible for nearly 200 deaths in India aren't hated, then Miriam-Webster needs an urgent update.
Fortunately, most Americans don't live in Pat Boone's distorted world where the gays are viewed as terrorists. America is changing and progressing every day. In fact, as polls have shown, if Prop 8 were held today, our side would win. That's because the very protests, which Pat Boone equates with vicious terrorists, have had a positive impact on our fellow citizens across the country.
America is heading in a new and better direction. We're choosing hope over hate and leaving behind the bitterness purposefully fomented by the likes of Pat Boone, Newt and their anti-gay hero of yesteryear, Anita Bryant.
In my letter to Newt, I told them about Generation Equality, who are the most supportive of full LGBT equality than any American generation ever. They are leading the way for that full equality -- and it will happen. The numbers of young forward-thinking voters will only continue to grow. And, I bet most of them have no idea who Pat Boone is. They surely will have little interest in their outdated rhetoric of hate.
Yes, Boone's column was disgusting. But, in some ways it helps. There aren't many who would have the audacity to equate queer Americans with the Mumbai terrorists. And, not many of our fellow citizens want to associate with anyone who says that kind of hateful thing. As Joe Solmonese, President of the Human Rights Campaign, said in their statement about Boone, "In most places in America today it isn't acceptable to be an outright bigot. Obviously, Pat Boone hasn't got that memo."
In the end, I'd offer Boone the same advice I offered my brother: Being a hater is so tired. Just stop it. But, if you can't, keep pumping out the garbage that makes your latest column so foul. Your visible hate allows reasonable Americans to see the damage it does and consciously choose unity over division.
Money has changed hands to bring you the answer to a big Doctor Who question – who's the best kisser out of Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant?
Advertisement
A young fan at Awesome Con in Washington DC was offered $20 by their mum to ask Billie Piper, aka former companion Rose Tyler, the rather sensitive question – and they got an equally sensitive answer.
“I think I've kissed David more,” said Billie, who travelled – and locked lips – with both the ninth and tenth Doctors during their five-year tenure on the show. “So I think we are more practised, more well-versed, and therefore our technique is somewhat better.”
So that's a win for David Tennant – and for the youngster, who was handed a whopping $100 bill under the watchful eye of Ms Piper…
Watch the video, courtesy of Melanie van Zevenbergen, below…
Advertisement
Follow @RadioTimes
"I don't think he's going to be caught up in how many they can score in the next one or how many 3s he's going to hit," White said. "The challenge is to try not to outdo that. Just play the game, and let it come to you."
CHARTING THE GATORS
Tom Baxley
Nov. 30, 1962
Miami 91, UF 87 (OT)
Neal Walk
Neal Walk
Dec. 1, 1966
UF 93, Jacksonville 59
Chip Williams
Dec. 1, 1972
UF 100, Valdosta State 76
Vernon Delancy
Nov. 29, 1980
UF 90, Biscayne 71
Vernon Delancy
Randall Leath
Nov. 28, 1981
UF 91, Biscayne 80
Vernon Maxwell
Nov. 24, 1984
UF 100, Valdosta State 76
Jason Williams went for 24 points and an O'Connell Center record 12 assists in their debut Gator game.
Jason Williams
Nov. 18, 1997
UF 100, Central Florida 85
Mike Miller
Nov. 16, 1998
UF 76, Georgia Southern 62
Donnell Harvey
Donnell Harvey
Nov. 19, 1999
UF 96, Florida State 61
Matt Walsh
Nov. 19. 2002
UF 76, Louisiana Tech 55
Nick Calathes
Nov. 9, 2007
UF 75, North Dakota State 65
Bradley Beal started every game their first-year student season.
Bradley Beal
Nov. 11, 2011
UF 99 Jackson State 59
BEIJING (Reuters) - A few brief encounters between Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin during an Asia-Pacific summit in China on Tuesday spoke volumes about the chilly state of relations between the United States and Russia.
With the two men crossing paths twice this week, first in Beijing and later at a G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, there was little chance they could avoid interacting on the international stage – and with the eyes of the world press and fellow leaders upon them.
Obama and Putin have never had anything close to personal chemistry, and with tensions high especially over Russia's role in the conflict in Ukraine, there was little warmth on display in their contacts at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum.
When the summit opened in a sprawling convention center at a lake outside Beijing, Chinese President Xi Jinping walked in with Obama and Putin, both unsmiling, on either side of him.
“It's beautiful, isn't it?” Putin was overheard saying in English in Obama's general direction, referring to the ornate conference room.
“Yes,” Obama replied, coldly, according to journalists who witnessed the scene.
The three leaders stopped at Xi's seat at the table. Putin reached out and clapped Obama on the shoulder. Obama barely responded. The two then took their seat to Xi's left and right.
Later, Obama and Putin were spotted in businesslike conversation, trailed by a translator, as they entered a hall for the summit “family photo.”
“On three occasions throughout the day, for a total of approximately 15-20 minutes, President Obama had an opportunity to speak with President Putin,” said White House spokesperson Bernadette Meehan. “Their conversations covered Iran, Syria, and Ukraine.”
U.S. President Barack Obama (R) and Russia's President Vladimir Putin attend a family photo shoot for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders' meeting at the International Convention Center at Yanqi Lake in Beijing, November 11, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov confirmed the talks had taken place but also gave no details.
The two leaders would seem to have much to discuss but little chance of finding common ground. In addition to Ukraine, they are deeply at odds over Russia's backing for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Communicating mostly by telephone over the past year, their contacts have been described as frustratingly tense as relations between Washington and Moscow have fallen to a post-Cold War low.
Obama has insisted that Russia stop supporting pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine while Putin has dismissed the sanctions that the United States and the European Union have slapped on Moscow as counterproductive.
Obama's deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, told reporters in Beijing on Tuesday that any encounter would be a chance for Obama to remind the Russian leader of their promise to help resolve the Ukraine crisis peacefully.
“President Putin knows full well where we stand,” Rhodes said.
The two leaders last held brief informal talks on the sidelines of D-Day anniversary celebrations in Normandy, France in June.
Meanwhile, scrutinizing body language between the two has become something of a pastime in diplomatic circles.
The contrast in their personal styles, Putin brash and macho, Obama more professorial and sometimes self-conscious, was also on display at APEC.
Slideshow (2 Images)
At a tree-planting ceremony at the summit venue, Putin swaggered up, chest out, and shoveled mud onto the roots of a partially-planted tree.
Obama walked up with their hands clasped behind their back, picked up the shovel, grinning slightly, and piled mud on their tree, according to a pool report of the event.
When a Spanish-language camera crew called for their attention, Obama responded with “Hey, hombre” and waved.
Israeli PM issues invitation to French and other European Jews who want to emigrate to Israel in wake of Paris attacks
Israel's prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, told French and European Jews they would be welcomed with “open arms” if they chose to emigrate to Israel.
Their statement was issued on Sunday before they left for Paris for a march in solidarity with victims of last week's killings – including four French Jews murdered in a kosher supermarket.
Similar calls were also made by defence minister Moshe Ya'alon, former finance minister Yair Lapid and foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman. Lieberman also attended the Paris rally, as did the economy minister, Naftali Bennett.
Netanyahu's remarks came as their office announced that the bodies of the four French Jews killed in the HyperCacher supermarket on Friday – Yoav Hattab, 21, Yohan Cohen, 20, Philippe Braham, 45 and Francois-Michel Saada, 64 – would be flown to Israel for funerals on Tuesday.
Netanyahu was due to visit Paris's grand synagogue after the rally with the French president, François Hollande, and meet Jewish leaders.
The Israeli prime minister's appeal, however, was quickly criticised by the head of the European Jewish Association, Rabbi Menachem Margolin, who said that it risked “severely weakening and damaging the Jewish communities that have the right to live securely wherever they are”.
Former Israel justice minster Tzipi Livni, who is running against Netanyahu in elections on 17 March, was also critical, telling secondary school students during a meeting on Sunday that Jews should come to Israel because they are “Zionists” and “not because it is a safe haven” adding that the call would not increase the safety of European Jews.
About half a million Jews live in France, making it the second largest diaspora population after the US. In the last few years, however, the number of French Jews emigrating to Israel has jumped sharply. Last year some 7,000 made aliyah to Israel, with some estimates that number could double this year.
Netanyahu's comments followed remarks by the French prime minister, Manuel Valls, who has declared that a mass departure of French Jews should be regarded as a failure for France.
“If 100,000 Jews leave, France will no longer be France. The French Republic will be judged a failure,” they said. “The Jews of France are profoundly attached to France but they need reassurance that they are welcome here, that they are secure here.”
The rally in Paris came as more details emerged of the four Jewish victims of the attack on the HyperCacher supermarket.
Yohan Cohen had worked in the supermarket for a year. Their cousin Yonatan told the Israeli website Ynet that Cohen had been killed early in the attack trying to protect a three-year-old boy.
“The police told the family the terrorist threatened to kill a three-year-old boy, and Yohan tried to stop it. They managed to grab the terrorist's weapon but before Yohan had a chance to shoot him, the terrorist put a bullet in their head and killed them on the spot,” Yonatan said.
Yoav Hattab was also killed trying to intervene, reportedly grabbing one of two weapons held by Amedy Coulibaly.
The events in France have gripped Israeli media and politics, with many commentators arguing that Europe had failed to understand the nature of the global threat from Islamic extremism.
Commentary in the main Israeli newspapers has been largely harshly critical of Europe, and European policies on militant jihadis, since Friday's attack.
Writing in Maariv Alon, Ben David predicted: “Today, European leaders will gather together with tens of thousands of people in Paris, will make more empty declarations, and maybe even sing Kumbaya – and then go back to their normal routine. Meanwhile, Europe continues to slumber as it encounters jihad.
“The terrorists, who selected a patently Jewish target after the attack on the newspaper, also made it easy for the French to tell themselves Europe's favourite narrative: that every act of Islamic terror stems from the Israeli-Arab conflict.”
Last week's attacks were strongly condemned by leading Palestinian figures, among them the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, who telephoned Hollande to express their outrage. “This terrorism has no religion,” they told the French president, expressing their opposition to any “terror attack” that hurts innocent citizens regardless of their race or religion. “Human life is sacred and God has created us all,” they added.” Abbas also attended Sunday's rally in Paris.
MESA, Ariz. -- Chicago Cubs pitcher Matt Garza will begin the 2013 season on the disabled list after experiencing recurring pain in their left side, and Jeff Samardzija will start on Opening Day, the team announced Sunday.
Garza felt a twinge in the injured area after trying to step up their soft-toss rehab program Saturday. The right-hander initially suffered the injury on Feb. 17 during the team's first week of spring training.
"Now we know it is just time," Garza said. "We pushed it and pushed it hard. Everything felt great. Now it is the body saying, 'Let's take a little more time.'
"It happened late [while side throwing on Saturday]. It is not bad, I just think this came out from not pitching seven months. It didn't hurt, [the discomfort] is just not gone. With stuff like this it has to be gone."
Cubs manager Dale Sveum hopes Garza will return to the rotation sometime in April.
"Hopefully this is not a real bad [side strain] where you can't sneeze or laugh," Sveum said. "I don't think it is that bad, but they are just not ready to throw a baseball yet. [The injury] didn't get worse; they are just not ready to step up any extra intensity."
The Cubs start the season on the road April 1 against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Last season Samardzija was the team's most consistent starter, posting a 9-13 record and a 3.81 ERA.
"What they did their last eight starts, they are a guy you want out there," Sveum said. "He is a guy players rally around because of their work ethic. They have that bulldog mentality. This was a very obvious choice."
Samardzija made the transition from the Cubs' bullpen to the rotation in 2012. They began their training period in November 2011 when most players begin to rest after eight months of baseball. They repeated that offseason regiment in 2012.
"I am excited," Samardzija said. "The best thing as an athlete is to work hard and see positive gains from it. That [helps] you continue to work hard and keep improving. You get a little taste of success and you want to keep it going."
"He is just that guy that gives you that 'game on' when they are pitching that day," Sveum added. " The other four days they are not pitching, they just doesn't sit around.  They are into every game.  They are always picking their teammates up. They have fallen into that leadership role as well."
The Cubs will have two-fifths of their starting rotation begin the season on the DL. Right-hander Scott Baker, recovering from elbow surgery, is not expected to be ready until mid-April. Left-hander Travis Wood and right-hander Carlos Villanueva will be penciled in as the fourth and fifth starters, respectively, to begin the season.
"We pretty much knew Baker was going to be the middle of April," Sveum said. "We weren't sure how [Garza's] elbow was going to respond, but that was going really well. But now we have this minor setback that could turn into them missing two weeks to a possible month [in the regular season].
Garza missed the final two months of last season with a right elbow strain. The 29-year-old can opt for free-agent status in November.
"I have full faith in the docs," Garza said. "We are on our way back from the stress reaction in my arm last year and everything worked out great there."
TOI, which first reported about the findings on Thursday +
On Wednesday, Breakthrough Listen, the $100m global project looking for extraterrestrials said it had detected 15 radio bursts from a dwarf galaxy 3 billion light years away from the Earth. The finding has sparked a new interest among scientists across the world. Vishal Gajjar , a post-doctoral researchers at University of California Berkeley , who detected the radio bursts, shared their views through emails withFrom how the Breakthrough Listen is pushing the frontiers to their own journey from a small town (Botad) in Gujarat to Berkeley, Gajjar speaks about Extraterrestrials and the new finding.Excerpts:A: Breakthrough Listen is pushing the boundary in terms of achieving the highest quality instruments at a range of frequencies. This discovery demonstrates the capabilities of our backend as we detected these pulses at the highest radio frequency with the widest bandwidth ever attempted. Such a high-quality instrument can certainly help us explore various ranges of parameter space to search for ET.A: I think it's less likely to be originated by any intelligent civilization because we see these types of sources all over the Sky. About the extraterrestrials (ETs) powering spacecraft, a similar argument can be raised that unless a good fraction of ETs are using similar techniques, which might be a long stretch, it's unlikely that all FRBs are from ETs. Having said that, I think if ET would like to communicate with us, mimicking an FRB type signal and modulating it with an artificial message, it would not be difficult to find them using similar techniques we have used here to find these bursts.A: Indeed, this is one of the significant findings I personally ever had. Although we did not discover a new source, having detected FRB 121102 at the highest frequency opens up a lot of possibilities of scrutinizing its origin models. In addition, we sort of sound an alarm for the entire FRB community that the source is in a new active state which will motivate various other observations from several different telescopes.A: I was born in a small town in Gujarat (Botad) and did my schooling there. I completed Engineering from the Shantilal Shah Engineering College (Bhavnagar) in Electronics and Communication. I was always interested in astronomy and the question of life in the Universe. So, I decided to pursue my career as a scientist and join National Center for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA-TIFR, Pune) for my Ph.D. I just started working at the University of California, Berkeley in March 2016 when the project was just announced and started working with the team to search for these types of signals.
The popular open source intrusion prevention system (IPS) Snort has been completely rewritten and fitted with several new features, Cisco announced on Thursday.
When it acquired Sourcefire for $2.7 billion in October 2013, Cisco promised to continue supporting Snort and the project has now become the foundation of the company's Next-Generation IPS. With more than 5 million downloads, Snort is the standard in intrusion detection, and Snort rules are being used by numerous security researchers to share information on bad traffic.
Now, Cisco has released the alpha of Snort++, or Snort 3.0, and the company is asking researchers to give the new version a try.
"This Alpha release is for you to play with. It's for you to break, it's for you to test and get back to us about. We need you to break it; we want you to break it. This is not ready for production and should not be used for production, so that gives us the full freedom to work with our community to make Snort 3.0 as strong as possible," Joel Esler, Threat Intelligence Team Lead and Open Source Manager at Cisco, wrote in a blog post.
It will take months of work until the final version of Snort 3.0 is released. In the meantime, Cisco will publish additional materials to detail the changes and improvements.
First of all, Snort 3.0 brings some changes that make the IPS more user-friendly. This includes built-in documentation and configuration, error support, and configuration verification on startup. Cisco says it's trying to make the tool easy to learn and use.
The Snort rule language has also been simplified to make it easier to write rules. The list of improvements in this area also includes sticky buffers, custom HTTP buffers, and auto-detection of all protocols.
The command-line shell has been updated and it now allows users to reload a configuration, and even pause and resume a detection. Snort 3.0 also includes support for multithreading, which enables researchers to maintain a single persistent configuration for multiple threads.
Snort 3.0 was developed after Martin Roesch, vice president and chief architect of the Cisco Security Business Group and creator of Snort, started rethinking the tool's architecture. Some of the new concepts were integrated into the main codebase, but others couldn't have been rolled out without completely rewriting the tool, Esler explained.
The source code for Snort 3.0 is available on GitHub.
American psychologist Kevin MacDonald once famously described Judaism as a ‘”group evolutionary strategy”, characterized by a high degree of endogamy and resistance to genetic and cultural assimilation. Despite the flaws in this argument (in the US, Jews actually have the highest intermarry rate of all ethnic and/or religious groups!), it is noteworthy, how they describe a high level of within-group altruism and competition with “othered” outgroups as being features of an ethnic “group evolutionary strategy.” In a way, all “tribal” groups formed around national, racial, social, ideological or religious identities are male group evolutionary strategies. It is men who are coming together and forming tribes around such identity markers as religion or race, idealistically aiming for high levels of within-group altruism and hostility to outgroups. Women are essentially amoral when it comes to these male tribes, which is why they were always listed along with cattle and prisoners of war in early tribal texts such as the Bible. (Carl Schmitt once famously noted that politics begin when we separate between friend and foe; maybe this statement should be slightly modified, saying that politics begin once we're forced to overcome this black-and-white thinking because we're trapped in complicated identities such as being Catholic but also American, male but also Hispanic, and so on.)
In French-occupied Rhineland after World War 1, German women fucked French soldiers, many of them being black, left and right. Once the occupation ended, these women were shamed and attacked as traitors by German men. Later, in Nazi-occupied France, French women fucked German soldiers everywhere. Once this occupation ended, these women had their heads shaved and were paraded through the streets as a punishment for collaborating with the enemy. Even later, once US and Soviet troops were occupying Germany and Austria after World War II, these Aryan women now fucked Russian and American soldiers en masse. Today, German women fuck Muslim “refugees” left and right. And on and on it goes. There is probably nothing more “bluepilled” than the idea of “redpilling” women. In 1984, George Orwell already noted that “It was always the women, and above all the young ones, who were the most bigoted adherents of the Party, the swallowers of slogans, the amateur spies and nosers-out of unorthodoxy.”
On the other hand, just as we punish, say, intoxicated men and at least lock away criminal men with mental disorders, we must learn to hold women responsible for their bad actions and punish them accordingly. Because as it stands, liberals and conservatives, left-wingers and the alt-right all share the idea that women have no agency and are not responsible for their bad actions.
While liberals believe that anything bad a woman does is the fault of the patriarchy and sexism, conservatives believe that anything bad a woman does is the fault of liberals and feminists tricking them. Women don't even have agency when it comes to abortions which are the results of trickery by unchristian men who don't want to “man up”. Rich men even force women into jobs and careers they actually don't want. Old-fashioned conspiracy theorists believe that anything bad a woman does is the result of the Rockefellers, the Bilderbergers, Jesuits, Freemasons, and other rich people conspiring to trick women into feminism. Hence, the real enemy is the Rockefellers, the Jesuits, etc. who are conspiring to depopulate the world so women aren't responsible for their behavior. The Red Pill claims that women's bad acts are the correct biological response to men who have no game and that women can't be held responsible for their own biology. Finally, the alt-right is essentially a Pagan fertility cult in which white women are worshipped as motherhood goddesses; obviously, anything bad a woman does is the result of the Jews and minorities tricking them into feminism and multiculturalism. In one of the most popular alt-right memes, a group of Jewish feminists is listed, while the text reads “Feminism: A Jewish War On Women.” Feminism isn't something (white) women do but something that is done to (white) women. It's not even a “Jewish war on men“, but a war on white women; white women are depicted as these innocent little wheat field princesses men have to protect since they themselves have no agency.
Admittedly, I'm not quite sure in how far all this fits together, but it still feels to me that we a) must accept that women are essentially amoral towards male group evolutionary strategies, carelessly using and disregarding them as they go along, and b) that we hold women responsible for their bad actions and, contrary to what TRP claims, do not treat them like innocent children who are never held responsible for their actions. Women, yes, even women of your nation, race or religion, are responsible for their bad actions and if necessary should be punished accordingly.
Advertisements
Along for the Wild Ride
As a wildlife photographer, getting to go on safari is one of the perks of the job. It's something I always look forward to — being out in the wild, close to nature, is such a special time. My safari this year was no exception.
Animals are unpredictable, so you always have to be ready for anything, And this year a cheetah named Malaika gave us some memories I will never forget.
Unlike most game drives, I'd decided that to maximise my time in the field, my vehicle would leave camp at 0600 and not return until sunset. This gave me a full 12 hours out in the savannah.
Typically, I wouldn't expect to see much through the middle of the day as it's very hot and most animals just find some shade and wait it out. However, the cheetahs are daytime hunters. It may be hot, but they still keep a look-out for any passing prey they can chase down.
For the most part, you usually find cheetahs sitting on little mounds in the grass as it provides them some extra elevation to be able to see their prey earlier and launch an ambush. But one day, a couple of cheetahs decided vehicles make even better mounds.
It was around lunchtime. We'd been driving around looking for a mother and three cubs that we'd seen earlier in the day when one of the cubs hopped up onto the bonnet of the 4x4. They stayed there for about five seconds before deciding the metal was too hot and hopping back off. Unfortunately, their siblings and mother decided shade was a good option and went and hid in the long grass by a tree stump. So we moved on, looking for Malaika. Of all the cheetahs in the Maasai Mara, Malaika is one of the most well known for climbing onto cars.
After about 20 minutes of driving across the Mara, we came upon them with their cub sitting in the long grass. We pulled up alongside and prepared to dip into our reserves of patience. We didn't have long to wait though. Within about three minutes, Malaika had decided the vehicle looked like a good place to sit and they made their way over to the back. In the blink of an eye, they were on the top of the 4x4, perched precariously on the roll cage. Two minutes after that, their cub thought he'd join in the fun too, so now we had two cheetahs, one full grown mum and the other a seven-month-old male, just hanging out on our vehicle scanning the horizon.
After about 15 minutes the cheetahs were looking nice and relaxed and I guessed I had a bit more freedom to move around without spooking them. So I got out my 1m reflector. Now reflectors are not something you usually use with wild animals like big cats as they tend to be too far away, however this seemed like too good an opportunity to miss and I didn't want to risk using the flash in case it scared them away. I started shooting, first with the reflector at the other end of the vehicle before gradually bringing it in closer until it was no more than one meter from Malaika, providing some lovely warm fill light to help me balance the bright sky behind.
After about two hours of shooting as the cheetahs moved around the roof, the cheetahs spotted a herd in the distance and hopped down to go and investigate closer. They'd left me and my three companions in the 4x4, with an experience that is unlikely to be repeated and memories to last a lifetime. It was a learning experience too. Throughout the time I spent with them, despite being within 30cm of them with no protection between us, there was no point when I felt threatened or at risk. Far from being big cats to be scared of, they were just two big cats being lazy big cats on our vehicle.
David Newton explores and captures all genres of photography.
Read More
Xenogears 20th Anniversary Concert Announced; Hope for Remake Acknowledged by Composer
Giuseppe Nelva December 8, 2017 12:38:58 AM EST
Square Enix announces a concert to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Xenogears, while Composer Yasunori Mitsuda acknowledges the fans' expectations.
Today, Square Enix announced a new the Xenogears 20th Anniversary Concert, titled “Beginning of the End.”
The concert will be held on April 7th and 8th, with two shows for each day (one in the early afternoon and one in the evening). It will take place at the Maihama Amphitheater in Urayasu, Chiba Prefecture (near Tokyo).
At the helm of the production will be original composer Yasunori Mitsuda (who recently enchanted us all with the soundtrack of Xenoblade Chronicles 2), and Joanne Hogg and ANÚNA will participate as guest vocalists.
Mitsuda themselves took to Twitter to comment on the project, also acknowledging the hope among many fans for a remake.
‘Xenogears' from Square will be celebrating its 20th Anniversary on 11th Feb 2018.
I'm happy and proud to say that the game is still being loved by many fans from Japan and abroad, and some are hoping for a remake to be made.#XenogearsConcert — 光田康典 YasunoriMitsuda (@YasunoriMitsuda) December 8, 2017
Now we are preparing for an exciting event to celebrate the title. On the 7th and 8th April 2018, we will hold a Xenogears 20th Anniversary Concert at MAIHAMA Amphitheater! Our special guests, Joanne Hogg and ANÚNA will also be joining. #XenogearsConcert — 光田康典 YasunoriMitsuda (@YasunoriMitsuda) December 8, 2017
I hope to celebrate this special event with you together! We have two types of tickets available. One named the 'Solaris Seat' which includes a specially-designed ticket, coming with a special music box. #XenogearsConcert — 光田康典 YasunoriMitsuda (@YasunoriMitsuda) December 8, 2017
This music box is only available by purchasing the Solaris Seat. Have a guess at what song is inside!#XenogearsConcert — 光田康典 YasunoriMitsuda (@YasunoriMitsuda) December 8, 2017
Xenogears was launched for the original PlayStation on February 11th, 1998, with a North American release on October 20th. The original game never came to Europe. It remains, according to many (yours truly included), one of the best RPGs of all time.
We know that Square Enix has been on a remake and remaster stint lately, so could something really be coming? For now, we know that they also have an action figure project in the oven.
The US Chamber of Commerce launched a political broadside against Democrats and the Obama administration Wednesday, accusing the administration of harming the economy through its health care reform and financial reform agendas.
“Instead of continuing their partnership with the business community and embracing proven ideas for job creation, they vilified industries while embarking on an ill-advised course of government expansion, major tax increases, massive deficits, and job-destroying regulations,” the Chamber said in an open letter (PDF) to the president.
“Through their legislative and regulatory proposals … the congressional majority and the administration have injected tremendous uncertainty into economic decision making and business planning,” the letter continued. “We call upon policymakers of all parties and philosophies to end the finger-pointing and work constructively with the job creators to reduce uncertainty, restore confidence, and restart the recovery.”
Many of the Chamber's talking points are so similar to ones used by Republicans that it prompted The Hill to report that “the chamber … is now casting its lot with Republicans.”
The letter to the president coincided with a Chamber-sponsored “jobs summit,” currently taking place in Washington, DC.
Among the Chamber's proposals to stimulate job growth was a call for the Bush-era tax cuts, set to expire at the end of this year, to be extended.
“In one bold, swift move, this would substantially boost investor, business, and consumer confidence and would infuse our economy with fresh momentum,” the Chamber said in its letter.
But that is an assertion that is hotly contested among lawmakers and economists. Many economic theorists say that, far from stimulating sustained economic growth, the Bush tax cuts widened the gap between rich and poor and created the strain on consumers that ended in the real estate market collapse of recent years.
The Congressional Budget Office has released reports showing that the tax cuts, enacted in 2001 and 2003, have contributed significantly to the US's budget deficit. In at least one year since the cuts were enacted, the federal government would have run a surplus had the tax cuts not existed.
Extending the tax cuts for all earners would cost the federal government an estimated $2.2 trillion over 10 years; extending only the portion on people earning more than $250,000 would cost an estimated $678 billion over the same time period.
In a surprisingly confrontational interview, Betty Liu of Bloomberg TV grilled Chamber President Tom Donohue over the increasingly bitter, partisan tone of their chamber's communiques.
“Is this [jobs] summit just to air what you think has gone wrong, or is there really going to be anything solid coming out of this?” Liu asked.
“We're not airing any grievances with the White House,” Donohue said, arguing that their chamber wants to bring attention to job-creation policies.
“Did you invite White House officials to speak at this summit?” Liu asked.
“No, we didn't,” Donohue replied. “We regularly invite White House officials to participate in our activities, often they don't come. The cabinet secretaries come. Although the president was over the other day when the the president of Russia was here….”
Pressed again by Liu to explain why the Chamber wouldn't want White House officials at their jobs summit, Donohue said the Chamber has “a very full agenda” and needs to concentrate on activities like “giving awards to job creators throughout the country.”
This video is from Bloomberg's In the Loop, broadcast July 14, 2010.
Yesterday, with hours to spare, the Mississippi Supreme Court stayed the execution of Willie Manning by a vote of 8-1. The stay was granted based on letters from the Department of Justice casting doubt on the scientific value of testimony from FBI experts at the trial almost 20 years ago.
The lone dissenter, Justice Mike Randolph, outlined their interest in putting someone to death immediately over the objections of the Department of Justice and its FBI experts. The decision reads like satire, making the case for the stay stronger than any majority opinion could. Oh, and then there are some conspiracy rantings about the Obama Administration because, you know, Mississippi…
Willie Manning was convicted of the December 1992 murder of Jon Steckler and Tiffany Miller. The conviction rested on the fact that Manning was found with items stolen from the scene of the crime and speculative ballistics and forensic testimony from FBI experts. With the march of scientific advancement, the agency now doubts itself.
The FBI did not repudiate the testimony, but raised enough questions that it offered to conduct modern DNA tests — unavailable at the original trial — if the Mississippi Supreme Court granted a stay. Most of the justices found this reasonable and ordered the State to temporarily stand down.
Justice Mike Randolph disagreed. First, Justice Randolph wasn't so sure who these “F-B-I” people are:
Letters submitted by petitioner from the Department of Justice have unsigned reports attached from a Microscopic Hair Comparison Analysis Review Team Laboratory Division (FBI), without identifying the authority, credentials, qualifications, name, or title of any member of the team. The letters challenge not only former FBI experts in hair, but also ballistics. Our established law and justice require more.
As for qualifications, they were all FBI agents in the Microscopic Hair Comparison Analysis Review Team Laboratory Division, which sounds like a qualification in and of itself. This wasn't coming from the X-Files; the very testimony Randolph trusts in this case came from the same group, just 20 years earlier. Read in context, Justice Randolph's unwavering commitment to form over substance is Kafka-esque.
But the microscopic hair analysis, the only physical evidence linking Manning to the crime, was so spot-on at the original trial:
In their federal habeas action, the same issues were raised and rejected. Former United States District Court Judge Allen Pepper (now deceased) wrote that “[a]t trial expert testimony was given only that the hair found in Miller's car exhibited characteristics associated with the African-Americans.” Manning v. Epps, 2008 WL 4516386 (N.D. Miss 2008). Judge Pepper continued, “[e]ven if DNA testing could conclusively prove that it was not Petitioner's hair that was found in the vehicle, those results would not impeach the testimony given at trial, much less exonerated Petitioner.”
The only physical evidence they had was hair that “kinda looked like a black guy's?” That really narrows it down. Manning may well have committed the crime, but if the only physical evidence is a hair sample, then, contrary to the analysis of the late Judge Pepper, “if DNA testing could conclusively prove that it was not Petitioner's hair,” it would cripple the case against Manning. It's not an academic endeavor, it's the only physical evidence. Justice Randolph rejects the DNA argument because the matter was fully litigated… solely on the grounds that Judge Pepper heard and ignored the issue. Justice Randolph's drafting puts a floodlight on their own circular reasoning.
But the best is saved for last. I wonder why Justice Randolph doesn't trust the DOJ:
Although the connectivity and expediency by which this review was accomplished is mind boggling, I should not be surprised, given that the families of victims of the clandestine ‘Fast and Furious' gun running operation can't get the Department of Justice to identify the decision makers (whose actions resulted in the death of a border agent and many others) after years of inquiry, and that this is the same Department of Justice that grants and enforces Miranda warnings to foreign enemy combatants.
Because the DOJ is covering up “Fast and Furious” and aiding and abetting terrorists. Duh. And sticking it to agencies that report to Comrade Obama clearly outweighs taking the time to apply so-called “science” to this case.
Read the whole opinion on the next page….
The gifts all came in different packages at different times and I liked that. It was one big extended gift that made me curious about what was to come next.
The first thing I got was a play called 'Pass the Spoon'. I read it. It's hilarious. I love David Shrigley's art and sense of humor.
The second was a tea infuser shaped like a little sloth. He's so cute.
The third was a green mouse. I am a graphic designer and I do lots of computer illustrations and I have never owned a mouse. I have somehow learned how to love the track pad but this will really help me grow. (Also it will help with goat simulator)
The fourth was a hammock, to sloth around in. I'm really excited. I'm debating on where to hang it right now.
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
Myself and reporter Dirk Wallen both visited Disney's Hollywood Studios this week and have a ton of newsworthy photos to share with you from the park, so let's take a look:
May the 4th and Revenge of the 5th merchandise available in the park
LE 750 MagicBands on sale
Tarps have now gone up on the old speaker towers… this new fireworks show seems to also be behind schedule…
A green army man awaits Toy Story Land
No visible progress from here
Sweet Spells has some great looking new whoopie pies!
The entire line of Star Wars attraction poster merchandise is finally available
No visible progress on the Tower of Terror bar since they cleaned this desk out
The braille map reverted to the old map for some reason…
The big Star Tours poster outside fo the attraction has been removed for some reason
Look, King Kong on a screen!!!
From Tower of Terror, you can see that the Earfful Tower has been removed
New Rock ‘N' Rollercoaster pins
Plenty of Alice Through the Looking Glass merchandise available
Streetmosphere out and about
Star Wars: Path of the Jedi was altered to include new clips from The Force Awakens finally, it's a nice update
Work continues on the new projection towers for the Star Wars fireworks show
One Man's Dream returned to normal for a few days, but now is previewing Alice Through The Looking Glass
Dead end…
No duh…
No visible changes inside of the Toy Story Midway Mania queue even though the third track opens May 27th
There is a pre-show video now with instructions for faster loading
Pastires have signage again at Writer's Stop as the lounge concept continues to flounder
Nothing to see here, move along…
Red Carpet Dreams with Mickey and Minnie will open on Sunday as their new meet and greet home
But the building did get a nice, new coat of paint
New stroller parking signs nearby
New Tigger mittens for sale
Also Cheshire Cat
New Oswalnd and Ortensia 2-pin set for sale
Goodnight Gertie
Update: Ryan said through spokesperson Doug Andres: "We have no way to know what was said, but protecting our nation's secrets is paramount. The speaker hopes for a full explanation of the facts from the administration."
Speaker Paul Ryan spoke on the importance of classified information at a press conference on July 7, 2016. (Speaker Paul Ryan)
In July 2016, few in Washington were more incredulous that the FBI decided not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime for sending and receiving classified information on their private email server than House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.).
Ryan issued one of the Republicans' irate statements:
“No one should be above the law. But based upon the director's own statement, it appears damage is being done to the rule of law. Declining to prosecute Secretary Clinton for recklessly mishandling and transmitting national security information will set a terrible precedent. The findings of this investigation also make clear that Secretary Clinton misled the American people when they were confronted with their criminal actions.”
And then they held a news conference, where they asked the Obama administration to stop giving Clinton, who was the Democrats' newly minted presidential nominee, classified briefings. “Individuals who are 'extremely careless,' close quote,” Ryan said, using the term then-FBI director James B. Comey used to describe Clinton's email practices, “should be denied further access to information.” (That proposal never got anywhere). (Ryan's office reached out to underscore that they thought Clinton should be able to receive classified briefings if they became president, since you can't deny presidents classified information.)
The message was clear: Ryan thought the FBI should have charged Clinton for a crime for sending and receiving classified information on a private email server they used exclusively as secretary of state.
Ryan piped up again about this 11 days before the election, when Comey told Congress their team had found new emails related to Clinton that they were looking into. The FBI did not describe it as a reopening of an investigation, but Ryan sure did:
BREAKING NEWS → The FBI is reopening its investigation into Secretary Hillary Clinton. My full statement ⇩ pic.twitter.com/LHfyg46dWk — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) October 28, 2016
We're spending so much time parsing Ryan's words about a candidate in an election that is now over because suddenly, it's not Clinton who is on the receiving end of criticism about the way they handled classified information. It's President Trump.
[Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador]
The Washington Post's ace national security team reported Monday that while in an Oval Office meeting last week with top Russian officials, Trump told them highly classified information about the Islamic State. The information they told to the Russian ambassador and foreign minister is so secret it's not even relayed to some U.S. allies, let alone a country that most intelligence officials think meddled in the U.S. election.
During a May 10 meeting with Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak, Trump began describing details about an Islamic State terror threat, according to current and former U.S. officials. (The Washington Post)
“It is all kind of shocking,” a former senior U.S. official who is close to current administration officials told The Post's Greg Miller and Greg Jaffe. “Trump seems to be very reckless and doesn't grasp the gravity of the things he's dealing with, especially when it comes to intelligence and national security. And it's all clouded because of this problem they have with Russia.”
Reckless. That's exactly the word Ryan used in another statement, issued in September, after the FBI released its report of its interview with Clinton. The FBI's investigation demonstrates, Ryan said, “Hillary Clinton's reckless and downright dangerous handling of classified information during their tenure as secretary of state.”
It's also the exact word that at least one former intelligence official used to describe the fact Trump shared information so secret it requires a code word just to talk about it among U.S. officials.
The Fix's Aaron Blake rounded up their comments to Miller and Jaffe:
“Trump seems to be very reckless, and doesn't grasp the gravity of the things he's dealing with, especially when it comes to intelligence and national security.” — a former senior U.S. official close to current administration officials
“Russia could identify our sources or techniques.” — a senior U.S. official
“I don't think that it would be that hard [for Russian spy services] to figure this out.” — a former intelligence official who worked on Russia-related issues
“He seems to get in the room or on the phone and just goes with it — and that has big downsides. Do they understand what's classified and what's not? That's what worries me.” — a former U.S. official
Perhaps “reckless” is in the eye of the beholder. As president, Trump has the authority to declassify government secrets, while anyone else in government (like secretaries of state) does not.
In their initial statement about Trump's comments to Russian officials, Ryan made no attempt to provide cover for the president.
But it's going to take a lot more explaining from Ryan — and all the other Republicans who bashed Clinton, including Trump — why this situation is somehow less careless and less reckless and less dangerous than the one they lambasted Democrats for just a few months ago.
Amazing Monitor! As long as...
The monitor is great. The 21:9 aspect ratio is absolutely beautiful, and the colors are accurate. The stand is absolutely fantastic, and the matte screen prevents glare quite well. Response time and refresh rate are good, (5ms, 75hz) The only problem I had with the monitor is the overall resolution. For most people, 2560x1080 will be more than sufficient. It doesn't kill your FPS while gaming if you're used to 1080p 16:9, so that's nice. But I came to this monitor after using a 25" 16:9 1440p monitor for over a year. The loss in pixel density is entirely noticeable when sitting 1-2 ft away. If you sit farther away, it's likely that you won't notice it. For simulators such as racing and flying, the loss of pixel density isn't a big deal, but you certainly notice a lack of sharpness in objects in the distance. This is incredibly nitpicky, but it's worth mentioning. If that doesn't turn you away from the monitor, then you should absolutely get it if you want a fantastic deal on a very good ultrawide monitor. The curve is also appealing, although barely noticeable. So it does its job quite well! It definitely doesn't increase the "immersion" so to speak, but it's certainly nice. It doesn't affect straight lines, so you could use this for content creation if you so desired. If I could rate the monitor a 4.5/5, I would. Therefore I'm giving it a 4, simply due to the lack of pixel density. Don't let that turn you away from it; because you only notice the loss of density in extreme cases.Read full review
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Image caption Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was Saddam Hussein's top guard and secretary.
Iraq has executed a top aide of toppled leader Saddam Hussein, the country's justice ministry says.
Saddam's personal secretary and chief bodyguard Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was hanged for crimes of genocide relating to the suppression of Iraqi Shia Muslims during the 1980s.
When they were captured in 2003 by US-led coalition forces, they were number 4 on a list of most-wanted Iraqi officials.
Saddam Hussein themselves was executed in December 2006.
Iraq's former Deputy Prime Minister Tarik Aziz and former Interior Minister Saadun Shaker are also awaiting execution after they were handed death sentences alongside Mr Mahmud in October 2010.
Mr Mahmud's execution is the first high-profile hanging since that of Saddam's cousin, Ali Hassan al-Majid, also known as "Chemical Ali", in January 2010.
Mr Mahmud was known as the ace of diamonds on the US deck of cards that ranked leaders of Saddam Hussein's government.
Image caption Abid Hamid Mahmud at Saddam Hussein's side in 2002
Saddam Hussein was known as the ace of spades, while their sons Uday and Qusay were known as the ace of hearts and the ace of clubs.
Mr Mahmud, who came from the same village as Saddam Hussein and was a distant cousin, controlled access to the president and was frequently at theirs side.
 They are said to have directed matters of state and handed down many of the regime's repressive orders.
The US claimed Mr Mahmud was also authorised to deploy weapons of mass destruction.
In February, rights group Human Rights Watch called on Iraq to halt executions after 65 prisoners were hanged in the first 40 days of 2012.
A recent report by the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General (DHS IG) concludes that the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is “abusing its flight attendantship of the SSI [Sensitive Security Information] program.” The SSI designation falls under the umbrella of Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI), something of a twilight zone where agencies can control the distribution of unclassified records—often with very little oversight.
Many agencies have their own proprietary CUI designation, and some agencies have multiple CUI labels—there are currently 23 categories and over 80 subcategories of CUI. These labels are designed to restrict dissemination of the documents bearing them. The labels also have the effect of blocking information sharing between agencies, since each designation has proprietary rules and one agency cannot trust that other agencies will handle the information in accordance with those rules. Essentially, once an agency marks something as CUI, they don't share it with anyone.
This latest finding by the DHS IG comes after TSA arbitrarily designated portions of the IG's draft report SSI. As a result, several portions of the publicly released report was redacted, despite the fact that the redacted material came from previous, unredacted IG reports.
In response to these redactions, the IG included a memo, which reads in part:
The redactions are unjustifiable and redact information that had been publicly disclosed in previous Office of Inspector General (OIG) reports… I can only conclude that TSA is abusing its flight attendantship of the SSI program. None of these redactions will make us safer and simply highlight the inconsistent and arbitrary nature of decisions that TSA makes regarding SSI information. This episode is more evidence that TSA cannot be trusted to administer the program in a reasonable manner. This problem is well-documented…
These blistering words are not an overreaction. There are many other examples of blatant abuse from just the past few years. Last year, TSA's SSI office redacted portions of a different IG report. The IG strongly disagreed with the determination and wrote two letters to the Acting TSA Administrator, John Pistole. Administrator Pistole refused to answer, and after almost two months, the head of the SSI program office responded with a letter affirming the redactions. The IG has characterized the redacted portions as “generic, non-specific vulnerabilities…that would not be detrimental to transportation security.”
The case of Robert MacLean is another example of the TSA's abuse of the SSI designation. In 2003, MacLean shared with the media unclassified information the agency had texted to their unsecured phone, blowing the whistle on (and ultimately preventing) a reduction of air-marshal coverage on high-risk flights despite intelligence reports noting increased risk of hijacking. Three years later, MacLean was fired for “Unauthorized Disclosure” of what the agency claimed was SSI. However, it was only four months after MacLean was fired—almost three and a half years after the incident—that the SSI office actually designated that text message as SSI. Despite the clear absurdity of the TSA's position, MacLean spent the next nine years defending themselves in court. In early 2015, the Supreme Court settled the case by ruling in their favor. The Project On Government Oversight (POGO) supported MacLean throughout their case, including the filing of an amicus brief on their behalf before the Supreme Court.
In early 2015, the National Review highlighted multiple examples of others who have been threatened by TSA for sharing SSI materials, including other Air Marshals, Representative Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), Chairman of the House committee responsible for overseeing TSA, and journalist Christopher Elliot—the latter two despite the fact that CUI rules apply only within the agency. While Chairman Chaffetz, the journalist, and (eventually) MacLean were able to stave off the overzealous attacks, most TSA employees have rarely been as fortunate. For instance, former air marshal Jose Lacson was fired in 2011 after posting in an online forum what they claims were made-up numbers regarding air marshal hiring and attrition rates, according to the National Review. They have been unable to get their job back, since the agency has broad leeway to designate whatever it wants as SSI. Elliot is quoted as saying that “pretty much anything that isn't nailed down at the airport is considered SSI these days,” everything from “descriptions of scanners to screener test scores to unsolicited business proposals.”
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has also noted the arbitrary nature of the TSA's SSI program. In 2014, the Committee issued a bipartisan Joint Staff Report detailing how the TSA has on multiple occasions either withheld or released records over the objections of the SSI office, or even without consulting the SSI office at all. The investigation revealed “coordination challenges” and a “failure to follow proper procedures” within the TSA regarding the use of the SSI designation.
These are not isolated incidents, but indications of an institutionalized disregard for transparency and oversight. Unfortunately, TSA management has a history of covering up problems rather than confronting them, and SSI is only one tool that is used. Despite immense public pressure, Congressional hearings, and media coverage, TSA has not done enough to hold its leaders accountable. Only two of the most toxic managers have been removed in the past 5 years (one now works at Customs and Border Protection, while the other quit after being re-assigned). As shown in federal survey results, TSA has problems that extend far beyond the blatant abuse of SSI. Poor managers require oversight, not the unchecked ability to pseudo-classify anything that might reveal their mistakes to the public.
The IG also mentions in its latest report that, at the request of three committee and subcommittee Chairmen, the IG is in the process of reviewing TSA's overall use and management of the SSI designation. They expect to issue the results this summer. POGO hopes this review will spur tangible reforms and hold TSA management accountable for attempting to evade oversight.
While the abuse of the pseudo-classification system may be especially clear in the TSA, it is a government-wide problem. Despite then-President Obama's Executive Order back in 2010 requiring the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) to work with agencies to create a registry of and guidelines for CUI labels, implementation has been incredibly slow. Although delayed by agency inaction, NARA was able to publish an online CUI registry in 2011, finalize a CUI regulation in September 2016, and publish guidance on how to mark CUI information in December 2016. However, it may still take years for agencies to fully implement the new regulation.
As POGO General Counsel Scott Amey recently testified before Congress, the CUI Executive Order needs to be implemented more quickly, and Congress needs to both clarify existing CUI legislation and more closely oversee the use of CUI in agencies. The DHS IG has done its job by bringing abuses of the program to our attention. The next step is for Congress to act.
I waited until almost the last minute to sign up for the snack exchange because I knew I didn't need any junk food; I do that quite well enough on my own. I'm trying to do better with the gym, watching what I eat, etc. so it finally occurred to me I could ask my snack Santa for a little help picking out some healthier options.
What happened yesterday is funny. When I got to work there was a small package waiting at my door. I thought maybe I was the mistaken recipient of a book meant for someone in the book exchange, but I opened it to see it was a book for making your own healthy snacks. I didn't have tracking info at the time, so I thought that was it and I was a tad disappointed. I mean, you sign up for the snack exchange hoping to get snacks, right? Still, it was something to give me some ideas.
I had a meeting later and when I got back to my office there was a BIG box waiting. Like some greedy ogre I immediately hauled it into my office and dug in. It was a veritable cornucopia of snacks. I didn't know big boxes of healthy snacks even existed, but my wonderful snack Santa found exactly what I was hoping for and sent it my way.
So on top of making me the envy of the office (I'm already having to defend the pistachios and protect them from one particular coworker), I also have a wealth of ideas to start making a few things for myself.
Here's to perpetual guilt-free snacking! Thanks snack Santa!
The team determined the levels by translating airborne radiation data to what you could expect on the ground, and then estimating how those levels will fall over the next 70 years. This info also helped reveal that active decontamination efforts weren't directly responsible for the decrease. While it might have been helpful in some cases, the scientists believe the radiation drop largely stems from natural causes like rain, snow and the decay of the cesium itself.
This doesn't mean that every area is the same. Date sits in a gray area where there was no formal evacuation despite radiation worries. While there are much closer towns (such as Namie) that will be given the all-clear at the end of March, they won't necessarily exhibit similar results. Towns like Tomioka still have strong radiation levels that rule out a return in the near future, and there's only so much science can do to reassure people who want to stay away just as a precaution.
Even so, the work might be helpful if there's ever another nuclear incident, whether it's in Japan or beyond. The researchers tell Science that their methods could help estimate lifetime doses and give responders an idea of how to conduct their decontamination plans. You'd know just when it was truly safe to return to a given town using aerial tests.
UPDATE: To sign the petition, visit http://chn.ge/1A4h3lv
UPDATE (4/8/2014): Still no response from The Australian. Not to this post or my email or anyone else's. Disgraceful.
The death toll in Gaza has well and truly surpassed 1400, with thousands more injured, tens of thousands displaced and no escape in sight. A majority of these casualties are innocent civilians – women and children. As the United Nations, Twitter and anyone with any humanity left in their heart, continue to condemn the actions of the Israeli defence force, The Australian decided it was appropriate to post the cartoon above.
It is completely unbelievable, and when I saw the outrage on social media, I thought the image must have been doctored – it must have just been some propaganda by some misguided activists who were aiming to bring light to the unfair depiction of the people of Gaza in the media.
I was horrified to find out that no, it was in fact a real image. Mariam Veiszadeh wrote an incredible letter to the Australian, which you can read at the end of this post.
It is outrageous that anyone could depict the murder of these children as a ‘PR war'. How vile and inhumane. How disgusting that the pools of innocent blood can be reduced to nothing more than an apparent smoke-screen, intended to fool the West into supporting the people of Gaza. I cannot believe that no one working for the newspaper put a stop to this.
Imagine if a similar image was used to belittle the victims of flight MH17. Better yet, imagine if this is how the media chose to depict the murders at the hands of the Nazis.
Ironically, Bill Leak has depicted exactly what the IDF are doing – targeting children who happen to be doing nothing more than playing in the streets. All of the people of Gaza are targets, as Israel undertakes a mass punishment. With 53% of the population aged under 18, it is children who are the targets of Israeli operations. Innocent children who, just yesterday, were vilified by The Australian.
Never did I imagine that anyone could be so low, so pathetic. Congratulations to The Australian for sinking to a whole new level.
What can you do about this?
1. Retweet this post and ensure to include @Australian in your tweet.
2. Retween Mariam's post demanding an apology from Bill Leak and The Australian.
3. Write to the Editor-in-chief of the Australian, Chris Mitchell. Explain to them how reprehensible this depiction of the murder of the children of Gaza is. Demand an apology.
4. Keep posting about the plight of the Palestinians and the people of Gaza. Israel needs to know that the world will not turn a blind eye to its crimes against humanity.
Submission for publication – Letters to the Editor I was appalled by the Bill Leak cartoon titled “How the West was won over” published in The Australian on 31 July 2014. The offending cartoon depicts a Palestinian father telling their child “There! Now you go out to play and win the PR war for daddy”. The cartoon implies that Palestinian parents are sacrificing their children for a Public Relations stunt. It seeks to trivialise the death of hundreds of innocent Palestinian children. It is deeply insensitive, highly offensive and dehumanises the Palestinian people. The UN has consistently refuted the Israeli claim that Hamas has been hiding and firing weapons from its civilian facilities or using civilians as human shields. Anyone who is familiar with the densely populated Gaza Strip knows that the notion of militants using civilians as shields is preposterous. Vilifying the Palestinian people, who are not able to defend themselves against these heartless accusations is completely reprehensible. Kind regards, Mariam Veiszadeh
— Want to keep up to date with new posts? Follow me on Twitter. Prefer Facebook? Okay, off you go.
Look out, extraterrestrials. Regular human beings — the same folks who struggle to figure out self-checkout lines at grocery stores — are now listening to your every move.
Astronomers at Adler Planetarium launched a website today that allows anyone with a computer to join in the search for possible radio signals from alien life. The site is SETIlive.org — SETI is an organization whose name stands for Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence.
Computers already monitor radio signals collected by a California-based array of radio telescopes. But researchers believe the computers can't filter through the full spectrum of signals — many of which are just interference caused by satellites and cell phones — and humans may be more likely to identify what could be signs of alien life.
“Humans have this unique ability to pick out all sorts of complicated signals, even when it's noisy,” said Adler astronomer Chris Lintott, who led the project. “Think about talking to a person in a crowded room. The plan is to search for signals from alien civilizations in a way that hasn't been done before, which is to get human brains to look at data as it comes off the telescope live.”
The radio signals appear on the website as patterns, everything from an array of dots to a spaghetti-like swirl of solid and broken lines. The site provides a tutorial on how to differentiate common interference signals from unusual signals that might be worth investigating. If someone sees something intriguing, that person can tag it on their Web browser.
The telescope moves about every three minutes. But if a certain number of people — for now it's about five —mark the same signal, the telescope will be directed back to re-examine the point the signal came from.
“This is what real alien hunting looks like,” Lintott said. “The pictures aren't as pretty and it's not as exciting as a flying saucer landing at your gate, but it is real science.”
All the stars being examined are in the Milky Way, a few thousand light years out. Lintott said, “We're pointing deliberately at stars where we know there are planets and those planets have the right conditions to have liquid water. That allows us to up the odds.”
And it also allows us to retain supremacy — for now — over our electronics.
“The good thing about this,” Lintott said, “is if we do discover alien life, at least humans will discover it and not computers.”
rhuppke@tribune.com
The House of Representatives today approved a Republican proposal that limits the Federal Communications Commission's authority to regulate Internet providers.
The "No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act" was ostensibly proposed to prevent the FCC from setting the rates charged by Internet providers. But the bill defines "rate regulation" so broadly that FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says it could prevent the commission from enforcing net neutrality rules against blocking and throttling.
The FCC says it has no plans to impose strict utility rate regulation on Internet providers, but it can review whether specific rates are "unjust" or "unreasonable" under its authority to regulate common carriers. This bill would remove that authority and could also limit the FCC's authority to prevent ISPs from applying data caps in discriminatory ways.
The White House has already threatened to veto the bill, so it isn't likely to become law even if it passes the Senate. The vote today was mostly along party lines, with 241 representatives in favor and 173 against.
The FCC's vote last year to reclassify Internet providers as common carriers and enforce net neutrality rules specifically rejected traditional rate regulation for broadband. Despite that, US Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) said today, "We all know that what they'd like to do is regulate the Internet so they can tax the Internet, so they could then come in and set all the rates," according to the Associated Press.
House Democrats argued against the bill to no avail, saying it would weaken the FCC's consumer protection authority.
Industry groups representing Internet providers cheered the House's vote. "A stable regulatory framework that excludes price controls spurs greater investment in broadband networks," the American Cable Association said. The lobby group for small and medium-sized cable companies said the bill codifies promises made by Wheeler and "shields the market from action taken in this area by future FCC leaders who might not feel bound by promises made by earlier FCC officials."
CTIA, which represents wireless carriers, said the bill "will alleviate some of the risk to competition and investment created by the FCC's Open Internet Order." CenturyLink issued a statement expressing surprise "that there's any opposition to this bill given that the administration has stated on multiple occasions that it is not interested in regulating broadband prices."
Consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge warned that the bill's broad definition of rate regulation will have a major impact on the FCC's ability to protect consumers. "This bill redefines ‘rate regulation' to mean any action that involves a rate, not simply the setting of a rate as is understood today by the general public and even the Supreme Court," Public Knowledge said. "This bill goes beyond the forbearances of the Wheeler-led FCC to eliminate the ability for the FCC to even review the reasonableness of a rate. It is an invitation to monopoly level rates by ISPs, since few Americans have more than one or two choices for high-speed broadband."
Kevin Smith's transition from cult filmmaker to one-man media empire continues this week as Hulu has announced that Smith's “anti-movie review” show, Spoilers, will premiere on Hulu starting June 4th. SPOILER ALERT: They wear their hockey sweater in the promos. Will they bring their calf-length shorts and stinky trenchcoat? Only time will tell, friends, only time will tell.
Smith calls it an ”anti-movie review show” where the filmmaker will take a bunch of fans to see ten summer blockbusters on opening day, forgoing the early critic screenings they abhor so much, and then have an in-depth discussion about its merits. “We don't review movies, we revere movies,” they say.
Oh go f*ck yourself.
“We don't really review it, we savor it, imbibe it like a liqueur, if you will.” The film's Smith and friends will review for these 10 episodes are as follows: Snow White and the Huntsman
Prometheus
Rock of Ages [Editor's Note: BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA]
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Magic Mike
The Amazing Spider-Man
Ice Age: Continental Drift
The Dark Knight Rises
The Watch
The Bourne Legacy
Total Recall [via Slashfilm]
You know, I always used to like Kevin Smith, because they seemed straightforward and honest, and told great stories, and because it's impossible not to respect a guy who maxed out all their credit cards and basically bet it all on an independent movie and won. But it's gotten harder and harder to balance that admiration with how much this new fake-folksy schtick of theirs makes me want to drive railroad spikes into my ears. Poor filmmakers! They can never get a fair shake from REAL MOVIE FANS, what with the all-consuming juggernaut of the print industry and their meanie intellectual critics taking over everything! Why, these days, there's only Comic-Con, Dragon-Con, Wizard-Con, Vampire-Con, Anime-Fest, Air Hockey-Con, Zombie Walk, Jorts-Con, and National Beard Day, and after that what is there? Why, I hardly hear what chubby shut-ins have to say at all! Thank you for finally giving them a voice, Kevin Smith! The ascotted snobocracy has had their say, and now it's high time we heard from Joe Regular and Harry Mantits, the only true movie fans, the adult action-figure collectors.
Ugh. I don't know, man. I'm all for discussing movies, obviously, but selling this as “true movie fans” vs. “negative critics” is like some weird, Nerd McCarthyism.
—
Former Kerry player and manager Páidí Ó Sé has died unexpectedly at the age of 57, they were found dead at their home in Ceann Trá this morning.
Ó Sé was one of the greats of Gaelic football, winning eight All-Ireland championships as a player and two as manager of their native county.
One of the most decorated men to play the sport they won 11 Munster championships, four national leagues as a player won five consecutive All Stars from 1981 to 1985.
They rose to early prominence at club level, winning a West Kerry Senior Championship with An Ghaeltacht at the age of 15.
They were a player-manager of the club in the prime of their career and brought them their first county championship in nearly forty years in 1984.
They took over Kerry in 1995 and over the course of eight years restored them to the top table of Gaelic football.
Their time as manager of Kerry came to a bitter end when they were fired following a defeat to Tyrone and they went on to manage Westmeath, where they won a Leinster championship in their first year, and Clare.
The manner of their sacking left a stain on their relationship with the Kerry county board but they remained loyal to their county saying soon after inan Irish Independent interview, “I am a loyal Kerry man. I will always be a loyal Kerry man, that goes without question.
“Any person who questions my allegiance to the green and gold must have something wrong with them. I lived for the green and gold.”
A Gaelgoir, Ó Sé was born in Ceann Trá in the West Kerry Ghaeltacht and returned to run a bar and restaurant in their there after a number of years living in Limerick as a member of An Garda Síochána.
Their three nephews Darragh, Tomas and Marc have played for the Kerry, picking up All Stars of their own.
Their wife Maire and three children Neasa, Siún and Pádraig Óg survive him.
Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam
Death Notice
The death has occurred of Páidí Ó Sé of Árd a Bhóthair, Ventry, Kerry
Páidí, deeply regretted by their loving wife, Máire, daughters Neasa and Siún, son Pádraig Óg, brother Tomás, brother-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
Rest in Peace
Reposing at their home on Monday. Remains to arrive in Ventry Church on Tuesday for 12 noon Requiem Mass and funerals afterwards to Reilig Caitlíona, Ventry. Family flowers only please.
Date published: Saturday, December 15, 2012
Date of death: Saturday, December 15, 2012
A test project that allows requests for information to be made online is among a few positive developments that have lifted the federal government's overall transparency performance to a barely passing grade, according to a new report by a free-speech advocacy group.
At the same time, the report by Canadian Journalists for Free Expression takes aim at the Conservative government for its “culture of secrecy” as epitomized by the muzzling of federal scientists.
“There are good reasons to go even lower than last year's failing F,” states the “Review of Free Expression Canada” released ahead of Friday's World Press Freedom Day.
“But rather than repeating this dismal year, we hope the federal government will heed the many voices calling for change.”
The group's 2012-2013 report gives the federal government a C-minus overall, and a D-minus for its access to information law.
Among other things, Canada's “archaic” law governing access to information ranked 55th out of 93 countries that have such laws, the report says.
It also notes statistics on delays and withholding of information show an increasing opacity when it comes to government.
“We have been concerned for some time about the growing stranglehold on information available to Canadians,” CJFE president Arnold Amber said in a statement.
“It is systemic. Its roots burrow across government departments and across Canada. It is a sickness debilitating our democracy.”
Among signs of hope, the report points to government plans to make summaries of completed access to information requests searchable across all departments and a push by Information Commissioner Suzanne Legault to update the act.
The report is especially scathing of the Dept. of Fisheries and Oceans — it gets an F — for “its zeal in muzzling scientists, controlling its message and keeping critical information away from the public.”
Among other things, the department refused to allow media access to one of its researchers, Kristi Miller, who wrote a peer-reviewed study on salmon diseases.
Legault has launched an investigation into the government's control of its scientists.
In a statement Thursday, Matthew Conway, spokesperson for Treasury Board President Tony Clement, called the government “the most open and transparent government in Canadian history.”
Conway said the government has expanded access laws to cover more agencies, and completed access requests have doubled over the past decade.
They also said communications guidelines for scientists have not changed in more than a decade.
“Government scientists and experts are readily available to share their research with the media and the public,” Conway said.
The CJFE report gives the Parliamentary Budget Office — formerly led by Kevin Page — top marks for its contribution to the discourse about transparency and accountability of government.
“Page made it their duty to tackle difficult and controversial issues with integrity and conviction, and to communicate to Canadians much-needed information about these issues,” the report states.
Page, whose term was not renewed, often found themselves at odds with the government, which accused them of overstepping their bounds. Among other things, they criticized the cost of the Afghanistan mission and the proposed F-35 fighter-jet purchase.
They even took the government to court over their difficulty in obtaining information about its austerity measures.
“Part of the problem is simply the lack of political will to respect the fundamental rights of citizens to hold their government to account,” the report states.
“Another part of the problem is that the Access to Information Act is now 30 years old, and its age is showing — it is desperately in need of reforms.”
Perhaps you don't have enough class periods to do every science experiment you wish you could, or maybe your budget for beakers and baking soda is all tapped out. Maybe you just want to watch and see how it's done before you try to build a volcano with 24 fourth-graders. Whatever the reason, having students watch a science demonstration close up on the Web is the next best thing! Read on to discover 40 favorites for K-8 students chosen by the great people at the X-Ray Vision-aries blog. They may even inspire your students' next science fair projects!
1. Dry Ice Bubble
This fun, simple demonstration of how to create a giant soap bubble with dry ice will have your students' eyes popping.
2. Glow Sticks-Liquid
Light Kids love glow sticks. Ask them how they work and the likely answer will be "batteries." The answer is simple science. This cool experiment on the luminescent science behind glow sticks is one of many fantastic and informative videos on YouTube hosted by Steve Spangler.
3. Inertia Experiment
This basic experiment using a pen cap, a bottle, and a crochet hoop demonstrates one of Sir Isaac Newton's most fundamental principles — "an object at rest stays at rest."
4. How to Make a Rain Cloud in a Bottle
Teach kids the curious process of condensation with a bicycle pump, a soda bottle, and a few other simple items. This is a great way to teach the science behind everyday weather.
5. Afraid of Pop Rocks?
Discovery Channel's venerable Mythbusters team uses science to debunk the popular urban legend that the combination of Pop Rocks and soda could cause your stomach to explode. Use this video to talk with your class about how to pose scientific questions.
6. How Do You Keep an Egg From Breaking?
How Stuff Works creator Marshall Brain offers a kid-friendly look at the science behind a shattering egg. How can you drop an egg from a height of two feet and not have it break? Watch this video with your students and invite them to figure it out!
7. Surface Tension
Science Bob shows you how to make a paperclip (and a coin!) float on water with a little bit of dish soap.
8. CO 2 is Heavier Than Air
Using household ingredients, this experiment illustrates the weight of carbon dioxide when compared with other gases in the atmosphere. This is an ideal experiment for introducing your students to the concept of greenhouse gases and global warming.
9. Where Do Ocean Currents Come From?
Without motion in the ocean, there wouldn't be nearly as many different things living in the sea. Teach your students how the ocean ebbs and flows and the behavior of different types of currents with Bill Nye's informative, detailed demonstration.
10. How Much Sugar Is in a Can of Soda?
This great kitchen science experiment dealing with nutritional values and evaporation will have your students thinking twice before the next time they ask for a glass of their favorite drink. The shocking answer? In every 12-ounce can of soda, there is about seven and 1/2 teaspoons of sugar.
11. The Science Behind the Olympics
Steven Spangler demonstrates how air flow and resistance affect the speed and performance of a ball in the air or a relay runner on the track. Students who love sports will find themselves fascinated by the forces at work in their favorite games.
12. Why Won't This Balloon Pop?
This video will appeal to kids and adults alike, showcasing an enjoyable experiment involving a seemingly invincible balloon.
13. Harry Potter: Three Magical Experiments
Sometimes science can look a lot like magic. In this video, scientist Dan Jambuck shows kids step by step how to make a fizzy potion and invisible ink with kitchen ingredients. Do these with your students and have them record their scientific observations in invisible ink!
14. How to Build a Water Rocket
One of the many delightful videos hosted by eHow's Expert Village involves instructions on building a water rocket out of a plastic bottle, demonstrating how air pressure works. The step-by-step instructions are easy to follow or to duplicate in your own classroom.
15. The Tea Bag Rocket
Simple, fun, quirky, and entirely feasible for the classroom, the tea bag rocket looks at science from an unexpected angle. Use this quick video lesson to teach your students about the density of air and how it is affected by changes in temperature.
16. How to Make a Miniature Volcano
Some teachers see the vinegar and baking soda volcano as something of a science fair clichÃ©. It may be an oldie, but it's a still a goodie. Watch this with your students before creating your own mini Krakatoas.
17. Exploding Piñatas
Watch seventh- and eighth-graders design a piñata that explodes on its own and sprays the room with candy. A good model of the scientific process-students come up with the goals of their experiments and test several models to determine success.
18. The Science of Solids, Liquids, and Gases
Using ingredients readily available at grocery, drug, and hardware stores, children can learn about the properties of matter.
19. How to Make a CO 2 Sandwich
Here's a fun activity that uses some common items that you'll find around the house and a little creativity to explore the "pop" factor of vinegar and baking soda. Steve Spangler and their second-grade assistants create "sandwich bombs" out of plastic bags and simple chemistry.
20. How Does Your Body Digest Food?
In this video, Marshall Brain dives into the digestive process and presents an experiment that replicates how the stomach and large and small intestines break down food.
21. Exploding Bubbles
What happens when heat is applied to bubbles created using hydrogen gas? The video experiment starts slow but ends with a bang.
22. Hair-Raising Science
Get students charged up for a lesson on static electricity. Bill Nye uses a van de Graaff generator to explain how electrical charges attract and repel.
23. How to Make a Glacier Out of GAK
Elmer's glue, Borax, and a few other ingredients are used to demonstrate the properties of an arctic glacier. Both GAK and glaciers are polymers that can stretch or break depending on the amount of pressure applied. If there is a lot of pressure on a glacier, ice will crack or break (causing crevasses in glaciers); when the pressure is lower or the strain rate is small and constant, ice can bend.
24. The Electric Pickle
Another super demonstration from Steve Spangler, this amusing and highly informative experiment uses a pickle in a simple electric circuit. Your students will light up when the pickle turns red and glows! A great introduction to the science of electricity.
25. How to Make a Tornado in a Bottle
With simple ingredients, students can create a miniature whirlpool that illustrates the movement and behavior of water with artistic flair.
26. Acid Base Indicator
How can a cabbage help determine whether a solution is acidic or basic? BeardedScienceGuy demonstrates how to create a simple, colorful indicator that students can use to design their own acid base chemistry experiments.
27. Why Does Ivory Soap Float?
This simple experiment shows students the secrets behind Ivory Soap's unique physical structure that allows it to float.
28. How to Make Flubber
Slime and other gooey substances are an undeniable favorite when it comes to kid-friendly science experiments. Follow the step-by-step instructions to make it in your own classroom.
29. The Sticky Note Experiments
This smart, funny video will teach you and your students how to make a "waterfall" out of sticky notes. The video is entirely without words and only about a minute long, but it will inspire your students to want to make their own experiment videos. (Tip: Share the videos at your next science fair.)
30. Walking Water Rainbow
Students will love this science experiment done by kids, for kids. 11-year-old Aiden demonstrates color-mixing and absorption as they create a rainbow using easy-to-find materials from around the house.
31. How to Build a Catapult
One of the most basic physics projects around is also one of the most enjoyable. Colin Kilbane teaches viewers how to make a tiny, very simple machine. Building a catapult is simple: Use a block of wood as a base, a plastic spoon as the arm, and two push pins and a rubber band as the torsion energy. What's your ammunition? Mini marshmallows, of course.
32. Light Bends and Bounces
The science videos of Bill Nye the Science Guy are produced by Disney and couldn't be clearer or more appealing to students. Do your students know why light bends through a lens? Bill shows us why. Notice that the light changes direction every time it goes from air to plastic, and then again when it goes from plastic to air. It slows down and speeds up. When that happens, it just can't help but bend.
33. What Happens When You Mix Diet Coke and Mentos?
The scientists test their theories on why soda turns into a fountain if you drop in a Mento. Show this to students after trying the experiment and challenge them to propose their own theories.
34. How to Walk on Water
This extremely messy experiment is an argument in itself for using video in your classroom. A mixture of cornstarch and water teaches kids about non-Newtonian fluids while at the same time shows them how to walk on it without sinking.
35. What is Energy?
Bill Nye introduces the concept of energy with their kinetic style, a bowling ball, a piece of glass, and a barbecue. Energy can change from one form to another. Watch as it makes things go, run, and happen.
36. Are Elephants Afraid of Mice?
The Mythbusters investigate the truth behind the old tale of whether mighty pachyderms are afraid of tiny rodents. The results might surprise you!
37. How to Make Butter
Show your students this video hosted by the always pleasant Robert Krampf before having them make their own butter from soured cream.
38. Feel the Pressure
Pressure pushes in all directions at once. Bill Nye goes scuba diving and journeys to the Hoover Dam with a jackhammer to demonstrate the concept of underwater pressure.
39. The Egg and the Bottle
Steve Spangler offers up a new perspective on the tried-and-true classic experiments in which a hard-boiled egg pops into a bottle when the bottle is heated. Why does it work? When molecules of air heat up, they move far away from each other and take up more space.
40. Bowling and Momentum
To explain the concept of momentum, Bill Nye shows the universal forces at work in the difference between throwing a ping-pong ball and a bowling ball at the pins.
How to Choose a Science Fair Topic
Help your students choose topics that will bring out their best work. The hardest part about doing a science project is picking the right experiment. Sure, you can look at websites that list ideas that have already been done. But the best projects come from children's everyday questions and observations about the world around them.
An experiment can be as simple as "Why do I feel hotter when I wear the red side of my jersey instead of the white when I play soccer?" or "Do I really need to go to bed at 8:15 every night?" When kids look around and ask questions about their lives, they can make the most rewarding projects.
To start, ask them when was the last time they wondered why something happened or how something worked? Suggest they think about their favorite hobbies (skateboarding, cooking, video games) and ask "why does..." questions about the hobby.
Look at television commercials and question their claims.
Ask open-ended questions such as, "What is the effect of x on y?" "How does x move?" or "How does y react when you blow on it?"
Scientists will have to wait awhile longer to find out what kicked off the Big Bang.
Last spring, a team of astronomers who go by the name of BICEP announced they had detected ripples in space-time, or gravitational waves, reverberating from the first trillionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a second of time - long-sought evidence that the expansion of the universe had started out with a giant whoosh called inflation.
The discovery was heralded as potentially the greatest of the new century, but after months of spirited debate, the group conceded the result could have been caused by interstellar dust, a notion buttressed by subsequent measurements by the European Space Agency's Planck satellite that showed the part of the sky BICEP examined was in fact dusty.
Now a new analysis, undertaken jointly by the BICEP group and the Planck group, has confirmed that the BICEP signal was mostly, if not all, stardust, and that there is no convincing evidence of the gravitational waves. No evidence of inflation.
"This analysis shows that the amount of gravitational waves can probably be no more than about half the observed signal," Clem Pryke of the University of Minnesota said Friday in an interview.
"We can't say with any certainty whether any gravity wave signals remain," Pryke added. "Obviously, we're not exactly thrilled, but we are scientists and our job is to try and uncover the truth. In the scientific process, the truth will emerge."
When the galactic dust is correctly subtracted, the scientists said, there was indeed a small excess signal - a glimmer of hope for inflation fans? - but it was too small to tell whether it was due to gravitational waves or just experimental noise.
The BICEP/Planck analysis was led by Pryke, one of the four BICEP principal investigators. Brendan Crill, of the California Institute of Technology and a member of Planck, acted as a liaison between the groups. They had planned to post their paper Monday, but the data was posted early, apparently by accident. It was soon taken down, but not before it triggered an outburst of Twitter messages and hasty news releases.
A paper is to be posted to the BICEP website and has been submitted to the Physical Review Letters.
But it will be far from the final word. A flotilla of experiments devoted to the cause are underway, studying a thin haze of microwaves, known as cosmic background radiation, left from the Big Bang, when the cosmos was about 380,000 years old. Among them is a sister experiment to BICEP called Spider, led by Bill Jones of Princeton and involving a balloon-borne telescope that just completed a trip around Antarctica, as well as BICEP's own Keck Array and the recently installed BICEP3.
At stake is an idea that has galvanized cosmologists since Alan Guth of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology invented it in 1979. Inflation theory holds that the universe underwent a violent and brief surge of expansion in the earliest moments, driven by a mysterious force field that exerted negative gravity. It would explain such things as why the universe looks so uniform and where galaxies come from - quantum dents in the inflating cosmos.
Such an explosion would have left faint corkscrew swirls, known technically as B-modes, in the pattern of polarization of the microwaves. So, however, does interstellar dust.
The BICEP group - its name is an acronym for Background Imaging of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization - is led by John M. Kovac of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics; Jamie Bock of Caltech; Pryke; and Chao-Lin Kuo of Stanford. They have deployed a series of radio telescopes at the South Pole in search of the swirl pattern.
Their second scope, BICEP2, detected a signal whose strength was in the sweet spot for some of the most popular models of inflation, leading to a sensational news conference attended by Guth and Andrei Linde, two of the founding fathers of inflation.But that was before critics raised the dust question. Moreover, that result was contrary to a previous limit on the strength of gravitational waves obtained by the Planck satellite, which has scanned the entire microwave sky in search of the Big Bang's secrets.Planck observed the microwaves in nine frequencies, making it easy to distinguish dust. BICEP2 had only one frequency and lacked access to Planck's data until last fall, when the two groups agreed to work together.Bock of Caltech, in an interview at the end of what they called a long, stressful day, characterized the result as "no detectable signal.""I'm not discouraged," they went on. "We're going to have better data to get a definitive answer."In an email, Paul J. Steinhardt, a Princeton cosmologist who was a founder of inflation but turned against it in favor of their own theory of a cyclic bouncing universe, said the new results left cosmologists back where they were before BICEP.But Linde noted there was evidence in the new analysis for a gravitational wave signal, albeit at a level significantly lower than BICEP had reported. "This is what all of us realized almost a year ago, and it did not change," they said in an email.The earlier Planck result limiting gravitational waves, they said, had inspired a firestorm of theorizing, in which they and others produced a whole new class of theories relating not just to inflation but also to dark energy."So yes, we are very excited, and no, the theory did not become more contrived," they said.Max Tegmark, an MIT expert on the cosmic microwaves, said, "It's important to remember that inflation is still alive and well and that many of the simplest models predict signals just below this new limit." The next few years will be interesting, they said.Michael Turner, a cosmologist at the University of Chicago, said they could appreciate the frustration of their colleagues, who have been wandering in the wilderness for nearly four decades looking for clues to the beginning. "Inflation is the most important idea in cosmology since the hot Big Bang," they said. "It is our Helen of Troy, launching a thousand experiments."
When a museum that was originally planned to be “the first women's museum in the UK” was unveiled in East London as a space dedicated to the infamous Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper, local residents thought they were the butt of a “sick joke.”
In the application for the site, sent to the Tower Hamlets council and approved last year, the project was billed as “the only dedicated resource in the East End to women's history.”
According to the Evening Standard, the dossier to support the proposal for the museum featured pictures of suffragettes and equal-pay campaigners.
But when the scaffolding went down in Cable Street, in preparation for the official opening of the museum next Tuesday, all that locals could see was the ominous silhouette of Jack The Ripper against a pink background, with their name emblazoned in red letters over the entrance.
“It's like some sort of sick joke,” Julian Cole, a film-maker and local resident, told the Guardian. “You propose a museum celebrating the achievements of women and then it turns out to be a museum celebrating London's most notorious murderer of women. I don't have any objections to a Jack the Ripper museum, it's a commercial enterprise like the London Dungeon and Jack the Ripper walking tours, but what I'm miffed about is the fact that we seem to have been completely deceived, in a way that is rather unpleasant.”
“The history of the East End is not just about misogyny: it's about the Battle of Cable Street, it's about Oscar Wilde and The Picture of Dorian Grey, among other things,” Jemima Broadbridge, a government press officer, told the ES.
Local resident Jenni Boswell-Jones also mentioned the strong historical inaccuracies of the project. “I don't think anybody in the area is against enterprise and somebody doing something new and exciting, but Jack the Ripper has nothing to do with Cable Street. Cable Street was the home of the anti-fascist march in 1936, that's what it's known for,” they told the Guardian. “The Ripper murders took place on Batty Street and the Spitalfields area,” they clarified.
Meanwhile, Mark Palmer-Edgecumbe, the man behind the project and former Google diversity chief, tried to spin the change of subject in a more flattering way, saying, “We did plan to do a museum about social history of women but as the project developed we decided a more interesting angle was from the perspective of the victims of Jack the Ripper,” they told the ES.
“It is absolutely not celebrating the crime of Jack the Ripper but looking at why and how the women got in that situation in the first place,” they said, adding insult to injury.
Residents are now asking the council to find out whether they can stop the museum from opening, and it seems like not all might be lost. As spokesperson from the council said: “The council is aware of the Jack the Ripper imagery and is investigating the extent to which unauthorized works may have been carried out at the premises.”
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
4:36pm: Smith will earn $7MM in 2018 and $8MM in 2019, FanRag Sports' Jon Heyman tweets.
6:20am: Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic reports that the two-year deal actually guarantees Smith $15MM.
THURSDAY, 2:32am: Bob Nightengale of USA Today Sports reports that Smith will be paid $14MM over their two-year pact (Twitter link).
WEDNESDAY, 8:18pm: Smith passed a physical in Houston on Wednesday, Kaplan tweets, and the team has announced the agreement. Financial details aren't yet available.
5:13pm: The Astros have agreed to a deal with free agent reliever Joe Smith, pending a physical, Brian McTaggart of MLB.com tweets. It's a two-year pact, per Jake Kaplan of the Houston Chronicle (Twitter link). Smith is a client of Excel Sports Management.
Houston will be the sixth team for the 33-year-old Smith, who has served as a more-than-capable reliever since making their major league debut in 2007. The sidearming, soft-tossing right-hander has racked up a combined 624 2/3 innings of 2.97 ERA pitching and posted a 55.7 percent groundball rate with the Mets, Indians, Angels, Cubs and Blue Jays.
While Smith's success has come in spite of modest strikeout and walk rates (7.88 K/9, 3.17 BB/9), they found another gear in both departments last season. Across 54 innings divided between Toronto and Cleveland, Smith logged 11.83 K/9 against 1.67 BB/9 and recorded an 11.4 percent swinging-strike rate – a vast improvement over their lifetime mark of 8.4. They join Bryan Shaw, now with the Rockies, as the second proven reliever to depart the Indians via free agency this winter.
While the World Series-contending Indians have seen their bullpen weaken since last season ended, Smith should step in with aplomb for Luke Gregerson, who left the reigning champion Astros for the Cardinals. Along with Smith, Houston has a host of other quality pieces in the fold in Ken Giles, Chris Devenski, Will Harris, Joe Musgrove and, if they don't start, Brad Peacock, with Michael Feliz and James Hoyt also in the mix.
All of those hurlers are righties, which could lead the Astros to reel in a southpaw at some point this winter, though their relievers did limit lefty-swingers to a .231/.306/.395 line last season. Smith, meanwhile, has typically been effective against lefties, having held them to a .242/.336/.369 mark during their career.
Photo courtesy of Getty Images.
THERESA May has created a Cabinet post specifically charged with denying all statements by the ministers in charge of Brexit.
The prime minister created the position after finding themselves continually dragged away from their own screw-ups to deal with the incompetence of Boris Johnson, Liam Fox or David Davis.
The new minister, Julian Cook, said: “When you've got three different Cabinet members separately working on Brexit, each of them without a hint of a clue, refuting their idiotic public statements is a full-time job.
“I have a staff of 22, plus interns, monitoring them 24 hours a day. It's an incredibly heavy workload, but it's vital – sorry, got to go. David Davis just said the UK will stay in the movement market but demands unrestricted freedom of singles.
“Seriously, we don't get five minutes.”
Theresa May said: “With Julian in place, I have more time to refine my own Brexit plan, which I am currently keeping secret.
“Just to clarify, I definitely have a firm, intelligent plan which I am confident the British people will fully support. I don't have a plan. I'm just keeping it secret.”
Save
A MUM has claimed their 13-year-old daughter discovered a "help me" note hidden inside an Amazon delivery branding bosses "evil".
Kim Dorsett said their daughter April found the words scribbled on an invoice inside a £30 make up advent calendar their dad had ordered for them
Facebook 2 A teen girl claims they found this note hidden inside an Amazon package
The note said: "Help me please, PMP staff are evil."
PMP are a recruitment agency used by Amazon to fill jobs at distribution centres, the Mirror reports.
Kim, from Bolton, Greater Manchester, said: "I want to know if it's a prank or if they have people in sweatshops.
"My other half ordered the calendar as a present. They ordered a note in it saying 'love from mum and dad'.
Facebook 2 Mum Kim Dorsett said they hoped the note was just a prank
"We asked April 'have you read the note?' and they said 'do you mean this one?'
"That's when we saw it. I thought 'this isn't right'. Then I thought it must be a prank and I was overreacting, but then people pointed out all the stories about Amazon lately."
PMP and Amazon are investigating the incident after the family flagged it up to the online delivery giant.
Kim explained: "My daughter was worried.  They are a vegan and they like to know people and animals are OK.
"This is quite worrying. It's the sort of thing you hear about happening in sweatshops in China."
It comes after a Mirror investigation claimed Amazon employees were so tired of their long working conditions they were falling asleep on their feet.
Other claims included workers having just nine seconds to process a package and some employees alleging they have timed toilet breaks.
MOST READ IN NEWS Exclusive BRUTE FARCE Albanian murderer fighting boot from UK 'to avoid splitting family' beats wife Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab themselves in neck' Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed them with paint 'HE STRANGLED ME' Girl, 10, 'pretended to be dead to stop boy, 16, raping them on way home'
A statement from PMP about the note said: "PMP Recruitment employs over 100,000 people across a range of clients, many of whom have stayed with us for a number of years or return each year during our peak trading period, so we do not recognise the comment made as being an accurate or fair representation of the employee experience we provide.
"We provide various channels to raise concerns, including a confidential helpline, and have not received any complaints of this nature.
"We do, however, take such comments extremely seriously and will be investigating in conjunction with our client."
Sun Online have contacted Amazon for comment.
Undercover investigation reveals exhausting target-driven conditions inside the Amazon warehouse
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.
Judge Valerie Bailey-Rihn noted recounting by hand is the “gold standard” and would lead to the most accurate count. But they said the Stein campaign had not provided “clear and convincing evidence that there is some kind of defect” in the state's voting machines that would throw off the election results.
The decision means the counties will be able to select which method they want to use for the recount, which is expected to begin Thursday.
Nineteen county clerks have proposed using voting machines to recount some or all of their votes, though the decision is up to the county board of canvassers, Elections Commission Administrator Mike Haas said.
Bailey-Rihn said they “may disagree” with those counties, but it's “their decision.”
“I understand that it is extremely important to the people of the state of Wisconsin, I understand it is extremely important to the nation, but I must follow the law,” Bailey-Rihn said.
State statutes require candidates who want to force a hand recount to show “clear and convincing evidence” a problem with the automatic count that would lead to an incorrect recount result. The statutes also require a candidate to show a “substantial probability” that a hand recount would change the outcome of the election and produce a more accurate result.
Even if the second part was met, Bailey-Rihn said, the first wasn't.
Stein's lawyers invited three experts to testify that election systems are generally vulnerable to cyberattacks and that a hand recount is the best way to ensure the results are accurate, with one calling a hand recount “the gold standard.”
Matthew Brinckerhoff, a lawyer for the Stein campaign, told reporters the candidate is considering all of their options, including an appeal of Tuesday night's ruling. But they said all of the state's county board of canvassers should opt for a hand recount.
“There's nothing for anyone to be afraid of here,” they said. “We're just talking about counting the votes and making sure that we know who voted for whom and that they were correctly tabulated.”
Bailey-Rihn said if the experts are correct in that the machines could've been tampered with, there's “nothing to link it to Wisconsin,” as the statutes require.
The state DOJ got those experts to acknowledge that they had no specific knowledge of irregularities in Wisconsin. Haas, DOJ's only witness, also said they aren't aware of any irregularities in the vote count or that there was any malware on the state voting machines.
That, said DOJ attorney Mike Murphy, is not “clear and convincing evidence.”
“All that we have here is 100 percent hypothetical speculation about what could possibly imaginably happen,” DOJ attorney Mike Murphy said. “That is far, far short of any standard.”
A lawyer for the Clinton campaign, meanwhile, said since there'll be a recount, it should be done as “accurately and transparently as possible.”
The lawyer, Josh Kaul, said there's no question a hand count is the most accurate. They pointed out it's the method the state uses when doing an audit of election results, which is aimed at ensuring voting machines work properly rather than verifying the outcome of an election.
Kaul also said a hand recount won't amount to much more work on behalf of local officials, noting Dane County is choosing to do so despite being the second most populous county in the state.
“There's going to be a lot of work that goes into it, but there's going to be a lot of work that goes into it either way,” Kaul said.
-- By Polo Rocha
A Dane County judge tonight rejected Jill Stein's request to require a hand recount of the nearly 3 million votes cast in Wisconsin's presidential race.
A U.S. senator says President Barak Obama's administration “got it wrong” in its handling of the ongoing crisis in Ivory Coast following violent clashes between rival forces, which has left hundreds dead and tens of thousands fleeing the West African conflict.
In a VOA interview, Republican Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma says the Obama administration is backing the wrong side in the conflict and offered to provide evidence that it was mathematically impossible for Alassane Ouattara to win the disputed November presidential run-off vote over embattled President Laurent Gbagbo.
“I do know that the French have always had pretty much control of the government in the Ivory Coast and that's just the way the French operate, until President Gbagbo got there and, of course, the French have been running against them ever since that time,” said Inhofe.
“I have shown on the Senate floor how they took the margin of victory that went to Ouattara… what precincts they stole that vote at and how they miscalculated it. How is it statistically possible for the primary election for Gbagbo to have received thousands and thousands of votes in that northern part of Cote d'Ivoire and then, in the run-off, they got zero? Statistically, that is impossible,” they added.
However, Inhofe acknowledges that their concerns about what they call a “stolen election” have been overtaken by current events. Inhofe, who is also a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, says France is leading the charge to force Gbagbo to step down and cede power to Ouattara.
“The French have come in and over a thousand people have been killed in Deukoue, a town in the western part, and those were the people who are Gbagbo supporters. So it's a reign of terror by Ouattara and it's supported by the French... [I] am afraid I'm losing this one, but somebody has to tell the truth,” Inhofe said.
France has denied the accusation of killing civilians. French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe says their government is working within the framework of international law, notably U.N. mandates, to protect civilians. They said France has no intention of deploying a more offensive foreign policy.
“Absolutely, they [Obama administration] had it wrong. They are wrong and I have sent letters to the secretary of state and to the administration giving them evidence of the election. It was totally ignored and so I criticized my own administration, as well as the French,” Inhofe added.
The United Nations is investigating reports of massacres in Duekoue, which pro-Ouattara forces seized from Gbagbo troops last week. Both sides have been blamed for hundreds of civilian deaths since post-election violence began last December.
Inhofe also says the United Nations violated its charter by using military force against Gbagbo loyalists.
“They went in and immediately assumed that it was a legitimate election and, yet, we have all the evidence to the contrary. By the way, there are a lot of people in Africa who agree with me,” they said.
The Obama administration says Gbagbo lost a legitimate election judged by poll observers as free and fair. It has repeatedly called on Gbagbo to step down and cede power to Ouattara, who the international community recognizes as winner of last November's election.
In a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Inhofe cited one official regional election return document suggesting Ouattara was credited with more than 90,000 votes beyond what was actually tallied. The Senator asked the administration to change its position and call for a new internationally-monitored vote.
Meanwhile, Ouattara forces launched an assault on Gbagbo's home Wednesday after they refused to admit electoral defeat and surrender. The forces met strong resistance from pro-Gbagbo troops, despite the fact that most solders from the regular army have laid down their arms.
Witnesses say they heard gunfire and explosions from the compound where Gbagbo, along with members of their family, is believed to be holed up. The fighting died down around midday Wednesday. Witnesses say the Ouattara forces retreated.
Aides to Ouattara say the fighters have been told to capture Gbagbo alive.
A Gbagbo spokesperson said U.N. and French forces were involved in the assault, an allegation French officials have denied.
For the Nick Drake box set album, see Fruit Tree (album)
A plum tree with developing fruit
An almond tree in bloom
A fruit tree is a tree which bears fruit that is consumed or used by humans and some animals — all trees that are flowering plants produce fruit, which are the ripened ovaries of flowers containing one or more seeds. In horticultural usage, the term 'fruit tree' is limited to those that provide fruit for human food. Types of fruits are described and defined elsewhere (see Fruit), but would include "fruit" in a culinary sense, as well as some nut-bearing trees, such as walnuts.
The scientific study and the cultivation of fruits is called pomology, which divides fruits into groups based on plant morphology and anatomy. Some of those groups are: Pome fruits, which include apples and pears, and stone fruits, which include peaches/nectarines, almonds, apricots, plums and cherries.[1]
Examples of fruit tree [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Your recent post about John Lennon triggered my memory about an interview I heard years ago with Peter Gabriel. They too had a fascination with Shortwave Radio listening and it inspired some of their music.
SWLing Post reader, Chris, writes:
Chris then shared a link to the following promotional video for the Real World 25 music collection with Peter Gabriel's introduction:
“I was listening to shortwave radio in a village about seven miles away from here. As night came, you'd suddenly pick up all sorts of radio stations that you couldn't in daylight. So that was quite mysterious to me and beguiling…and I would explore all sorts of strange sounds, noises and music.”
Real World Records is Peter Gabriel's label–and Real World 25, a three-disc collection, is the story of their first 25 Years. I listened to samples of songs and purchased my own copy. At $17 US, it was a no-brainer; I love world music (as well as Peter Gabriel's music) and appreciate anything that Gabriel would consider for their label. (Note: the CD set is actually less expensive than the MP3 album at time of posting.)
Chris also noted this quote from Peter Gabriel, which describes their “obsession” with shortwave radio and its influence on their hit song, “Here Comes The Flood.” Via the website Planet Jeffro:
“When I wrote this song [Here Comes The Flood] I had an obsession with short-wave radio and I was always amazed at the way in which the radio signals would become stronger as daylight faded. I felt as if psychic energy levels would also increase in the night. I had had an apocalyptic dream in which the psychic barriers which normally prevent us from seeing into each other's thoughts had been completely eroded producing a mental flood. Those that had been used to having their innermost thoughts exposed would handle this torrent and those inclined to concealment would drown in it. (‘Peter Gabriel' by Armando Gallo, Omnibus Press, 1986.)”
Fascinating! I particularly like this live version of “Here Comes The Flood:”
Chris, I owe you a debt of gratitude: while I've been a fan of Peter Gabriel for well over two decades, I never knew about their connection with shortwave radio. Time to revisit some of their tunes with that in mind…
Related
Last week, Jennifer Gish—a sportswriter who is a woman—wrote a column for the Albany Times Union that questioned "whether the Bills faithful had a right to demand respect after a 2-0 start." After it was published, some Bills fans wrote to Gish. Here is what they told them (I've taken out the newspaper's demure asterisks and restored the naughty words):
1. "I wish I could lick those smug tears off your face."
2. "...you are some worthless female who does not know anything about sports."
3. "Get some plastic surgery."
4. "...pieces of shit like you...'
5. "WOMEN DONT KNOW FOOTBALL"
6. "Now go write something about your boyfriend brady and their 2-1 Pats"
7. "Your square jaw and pig shaped nose reminds me of a girl who never got to hang out with the athletes in high school because they had snot running down the Crevices of their nostrils spilling down to the corner of their lip."
Advertisement
8. "YOU SUCK DONKEY DICK!"
9. "...you ugly little sleazebag."
10. "Fuck yourself ya stupid Cunt..."
11. "...you really just a dumb, bandwagon slut."
12. "Maybe you should stay in the kitchen next time."
13. "Go fuck yourself."
14. "...fuck you you stupid, arrogant, thoughtless bitch and stick all of your snide Bills comments up your ass."
Advertisement
15. "...my 12 year old kid knows more about football than you do."
16. "...you may want to consider plastic surgery or something, you are one god awful ugly looking female."
17. "we may lose, we may win but you will still be ugly either way."
18. "How about those Bills now you dumbass? You're a female too, what the hell do you know?"
Advertisement
19. "GO TO HELL"
20. "...you attention-starved little pug..."
Bills fans need help keeping it real [Times Union]
Another group deserves respect [Times Union]
× Remains Found in Plastic Bags in Mexico ID'd as Missing American
Human remains found in two plastic bags near a beach in southwestern Mexico have been identified as those of Harry Devert, a New Yorker who left their job as a trader in finance for a transcontinental motorcycle journey from the United States to Latin America, Mexican authorities said.
Devert, 32, vanished six months ago after sending their girlfriend an ominous text message from a troubled region in Mexico, describing how they were being escorted from “an area too dangerous for me to be.”
Mexican authorities, acting on tips, last week located their green Kawasaki motorcycle in a shallow grave in the state of Guerrero, along with the badly decomposed remains of a man in two bags.
On Thursday, DNA tests confirmed the remains were those of Devert, a representative of the Guerrero state attorney general's office not authorized to speak to the media told CNN.
The investigation was turned over to federal prosecutor because of the nature of the crime and the fact that it involved an American tourist, they said.
Mother has been looking for information
Devert's mother, Ann, traveled to Mexico last weekend after identifying the VIN number on the motorcycle found in the shallow grave. A day earlier they provided a DNA sample to police in New York to match against the remains, said Darren Del Sardo, an attorney for Devert's mother.
When told Thursday night of the identification of the remains by Mexican authorities, Del Sardo said Ann Devert had “no information with respect to that.” They said they were in Mexico City and hoped to review parts of the motorcycle and clothing found on the remains. They also said they were considering having a private lab conduct DNA tests.
The discovery of the remains and the motorcycle was made nearly 300 miles southwest of where Devert was last heard from in January.
Del Sardo said Ann Devert spent time in Mexico after their son's disappearance, meeting local authorities and residents in the western Mexican state of Michoacan in an attempt to find him. There was hope with unconfirmed tips that they were being held at a ranch. Last week, they learned of the remains and the bike in the shallow grave.
Mexican authorities said the motorcycle was found along a road leading to La Majahua beach in Guerrero. The statement said “10 packages of what appeared to be narcotics (marijuana and cocaine)” were found near the motorbike and body.
Del Sardo said Ann Devert was told that the remains may have been moved to the shallow grave.
Devert, 32, had not been in touch with their mother or girlfriend in New York since January 25. That day they sent girlfriend Sarah Ashley Schiear an ominous text via the WhatsApp messenger app.
“Just got an hour and a half long escort out of some area it was too dangerous for me to be,” the message said. “Stopping for lunch and … voila Internet. … Gonna get back on the road soon. Apparently there's another military escort waiting for me in some other town… I'm running way late because of the crazy military stuff…hopefully get a chance to talk to you tonight when I (hopefully) finally arrive.”
They had checked out of a bed and breakfast in Michoacan and planned to travel to a beach in Zihuatanejo, on the Pacific Ocean, that was in the final scene of the film “The Shawshank Redemption,” according to friends and family.
Friends had hoped Harry Devert would surface
Ann Devert last heard from their son January 23. The phone connection was poor. They told them he'd be out of cell phone and Internet range for a few days.
They told CNN earlier this year that they would call every January 29, their late father's birthday, “and when they didn't, I felt a misgiving but I thought maybe it would take a couple of days,” they said. “He didn't call.”
Then, Ann Devert heard from a friend who recently returned from Michoacan, where vigilante self-defense groups in numerous communities have engaged in deadly confrontations with the Knights Templar drug cartel.
After vigilantes threatened to descend on a key cartel area last month, the Mexican government sent in thousands of troops and police to try to keep the peace. The government has even joined forces with the vigilantes as the Knights Templar become further entrenched in the agricultural state.
Ann Devert had been in touch with both the American and French embassies in Mexico. Them son, born in France, has dual citizenship.
Devert's friends and family were hopeful that their disappearance was only temporary, another story to recount from their wild travels around the world — from Pamplona, Spain, to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and beyond.
“I've been chased with a gun in Colombia, chipped my tooth on a gun that was shoved in my mouth in Venezuela and shot everything from a bazooka to a machine gun, an M16 to a Colt .45,” Devert wrote in their travel blog, A New Yorker Travels. “I've been in some of the poorest and some of the most dangerous parts of the world and to many of the finest, and I still can't tell which I liked more. I think that life is a pilgrimage.”
In an October 19 post, Devert described their latest journey on a type of vehicle they had no experience using.
“I've never ridden a motorcycle,” they wrote. “Mostly, naturally, because I don't know how. So tomorrow I'm going to go to the DMV, get my motorcycle permit, buy a bike and hopefully figure out how to ride it home without crashing. Which I'm sure will be an adventure in itself.”
They added, “Then in the next 2 or 3 weeks I'm going to drive it across America, through Central America, down to Brazil for the World Cup, and eventually south to Ushuaia, which as far as I can tell from a map is about as far south as one can get on the continent.”
They purchased a green 2002 Kawasaki. Ann Devert said their son took a safety course and spent hours studying YouTube videos on how to survive falls from bikes.
But the fact that they had never driven a motorcycle concerned her, they said. They promised not to travel faster than 55 mph, yet they took a nasty spill while speeding in Florida, Ann Devert said. They emerged unscathed.
Friends and family created the Help Find Harry page in Facebook, with more than 25,000 likes
WASHINGTON/DETROIT (By Paul Lienert and David Shepardson, Reuters) — U.S. vehicle safety regulators have said the artificial intelligence system piloting a self-driving Google car could be considered the driver under federal law, a major step toward ultimately winning approval for autonomous vehicles on the roads.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration told Google, a unit of Alphabet, of its decision in a previously unreported Feb. 4 letter to the company posted on the agency's website this week.
Google's self-driving car unit on Nov. 12 submitted a proposed design for a self-driving car that has “no need for a human driver,” the letter to Google from National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Chief Counsel Paul Hemmersbaugh said.
“NHTSA will interpret ‘driver' in the context of Google's described motor vehicle design as referring to the (self-driving system), and not to any of the vehicle occupants,” NHTSA's letter said.
“We agree with Google its (self-driving car) will not have a ‘driver' in the traditional sense that vehicles have had drivers during the last more than one hundred years.”
Major automakers and technology companies such as Google are racing to develop and sell vehicles that can drive themselves at least part of the time.
All participants in the autonomous driving race complain that state and federal safety rules are impeding testing and eventual deployment of such vehicles. California has proposed draft rules requiring steering wheels and a licensed driver in all self-driving cars.
Karl Brauer, senior analyst for the Kelley Blue Book automotive research firm, said there were still significant legal questions surrounding autonomous vehicles.
But if “NHTSA is prepared to name artificial intelligence as a viable alternative to human-controlled vehicles, it could substantially streamline the process of putting autonomous vehicles on the road,” they said.
If the car's computer is the driver for legal purposes, then it clears the way for Google or automakers to design vehicle systems that communicate directly with the vehicle's artificial pilot.
In its response to Google, the federal agency offered its most comprehensive map yet of the legal obstacles to putting fully autonomous vehicles on the road. It noted existing regulations requiring some auto safety equipment cannot be waived immediately, including requirements for braking systems activated by foot control.
“The next question is whether and how Google could certify that the (self-driving system) meets a standard developed and designed to apply to a vehicle with a human driver,” NHTSA said.
Google is “still evaluating” NHTSA's lengthy response, a company spokesperson said on Tuesday. Google executives have said they would likely partner with established automakers to build self-driving cars.
Worries about people undermining safety
Google told NHTSA that the real danger is having auto safety features that could tempt humans to try to take control.
Google “expresses concern that providing human occupants of the vehicle with mechanisms to control things like steering, acceleration, braking… could be detrimental to safety because the human occupants could attempt to override the (self-driving system's) decisions,” the NHTSA letter stated.
NHTSA's Hemmersbaugh said federal regulations requiring equipment like steering wheels and brake pedals would have to be formally rewritten before Google could offer cars without those features.
For example, current federal rules require alerts on dashboards if tire pressure runs low. NHTSA said a test would need to be created that shows the vehicle computer is informed of the problem. NHTSA raised the question of whether humans in the vehicles should also be made aware.
In January, NHTSA said it may waive some vehicle safety rules to allow more driverless cars to operate on U.S. roads as part of a broader effort to speed up development of self-driving vehicles.
NHTSA said then it would write guidelines for self-driving cars within six months. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said the administration may seek new legal authority to allow deployment of autonomous vehicles “in large numbers,” when they are deemed safe, the department said.
The process of rewriting federal regulations governing the design, placement and operation of vehicle controls could take months or years. The NHTSA counsel said Google could consider applying for exemptions for certain regulations, providing NHTSA with supporting documents.
(Reporting by Paul Lienert in Detroit and David Shepardson in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
1966 McLAREN WINS ITS FIRST FORMULA 1 RACE
Bruce McLaren Motor Racing Team made its grand prix debut at the Monaco Grand Prix.
It took its first F1 racewin just two years later.
RICHARD MILLE'S FIRST GRAND PRIX
For Richard Mille, who was attending their first Grand Prix with their father, this race was a first contact with McLaren.
1970 FIRST CAR
With their first salary, they bought the famous Renault Alpine A110. Now, they mostly acquire racing cars from the golden age of automobiles, the 70's.
1974 FITTIPALDI –
McLAREN'S FIRST CHAMPION Emerson Fittipaldi, ensconced in
the red and white McLaren-Ford M23
—one of the most iconic cars
of the 1970s— scored three Grand Prix wins and took their second world title.
1981 McLAREN LEADS F1 INTO THE SPACE AGE
Ron Dennis took control of McLaren in 1980 and brought an all-new and untried manufacturing technique into the sport. 1981's MP4/1 was the rst Formula 1 chassis to be built of a carbon bre composite.
1988 THE YEAR F1 WILL NEVER FORGET
McLaren won 15 of the season's 16 races, while Senna went on to collect the title, writing one of the most memorable chapters in the history of the sport.
1995 McLAREN WINS LE MANS
Ron Dennis and designer Gordon Murray conceived the McLaren F1 to be the world's ultimate supercar. It made its race debut at Le Mans and the rest is,
as they say, history.
2001 ‘A RACING MACHINE ON THE WRIST'
The first model marked a new era in watchmaking. Richard Mille endeavoured to apply the techniques
and materials employed in the most innovative sectors, such as in F1 racing cars.
2008 THE LAST CORNER OF THE LAST LAP OF THE LAST RACE
The championship had been nip-and-tuck between
McLaren and Ferrari.
It was only on the nal corner that Hamilton took the position to clinch the win and claimed F1's most unpredictable championship win—ever.
2014 RICHARD MILLE DEEPLY INVOLVED IN THE AUTOMOTIVE SECTOR
After numerous partnerships with F1 and rally drivers,
Le Mans Classic 24 Hours
and the e.dams Formula-e team, the brand is the main partner for the Chantilly Arts & Elegance event, the rst Concours d'Elegance held in France
since the 30's.
In the world of science fiction, the ‘what ifs' of evolution make great plot fodder. Think of Planet of the Apes, where on a planet other than our own primates evolved to be the intelligent masters of their environment while humans remained primitive.
In real life, it's a bit harder to answer the question. If evolution happened all over again, what would life on Earth be like? Would it still be carbon-based? What organisms would flourish? Would the same organisms even exist?
To test these ideas, Harvard physicist turned biologist Michael Desai uses robots and yeast. They grow hundreds of yeast colonies under different but rigorously controlled conditions, picks out the fastest replicating ones and follows them for hundreds of generations. The different growth environments essentially represent different worlds.
These colonies all naturally start off with a bunch of random, different mutations. Some biologists theorize creates the potential for many different types of yeast colonies at the end of the experiment.
But Desai hasn't found that. No matter what the initial mutations were in the yeast, they all ended up able to live in very similar conditions, at the same evolutionary endpoint.
This might have profound impacts on how we think about single mutations and the fitness of an organism overall and the fitness of populations of organisms writes Emily Singer at Quanta:
The findings also suggest a disconnect between evolution at the genetic level and at the level of the whole organism. Genetic mutations occur mostly at random, yet the sum of these aimless changes somehow creates a predictable pattern. The distinction could prove valuable, as much genetics research has focused on the impact of mutations in individual genes. For example, researchers often ask how a single mutation might affect a microbe's tolerance for toxins, or a human's risk for a disease. But if Desai's findings hold true in other organisms, they could suggest that it's equally important to examine how large numbers of individual genetic changes work in concert over time.
Because the study involves only yeast, a one celled organism, we can't be sure it applies to others. But the idea that life, at least on this planet, would remain largely the same even if we started out all over again has some profound ideological implications.
Meredith Knight is a blogger for Genetic Literacy Project and a freelance science and health writer in Austin, Texas. Follow them @meremereknight.
Additional Resources:
This article is over 2 years old
Prosecutors charged Philip Brailsford more than five weeks after Daniel Shaver, 26, was shot and killed in a Mesa hotel room
A police officer from Mesa, Arizona, who fatally shot an unarmed man in January has been charged with second-degree murder, prosecutors announced on Friday night.
The Counted: people killed by police in the United States – interactive Read more
Maricopa County prosecutors charged Officer Philip Brailsford more than five weeks after Daniel Shaver, 26, was shot and killed in a Mesa hotel room.
“After carefully reviewing the relevant facts and circumstances, we have determined that the use of deadly physical force was not justified in this instance,” Maricopa County attorney Bill Montgomery said in a statement.
On the evening of 18 January, someone in Shaver's hotel room pointed a pellet gun out of the window, prompting other guests to call police, authorities said. Officers arrived at the hotel and asked Shaver and a female companion to leave the room.
Once in the hotel hallway, the woman was detained. When police asked Shaver to crawl toward them on their hands and knees, they “made a motion with their right hand toward their waistline”, according to prosecutors.
Brailsford opened fire, shooting Shaver five times, authorities said. Shaver was unarmed. Brailsford and Shaver are both white.
Police said they later found two pellet guns inside the hotel room. Shaver's widow, Laney Sweet, said in later statements that Shaver carried the pellet guns for their pest control job, and that they were on a business trip in Mesa at the time of the shooting.
Sweet has also alleged that Mesa police did not inform them of Shaver's death until nearly four days after they were shot. Sweet and Shaver had two daughters together.
Alabama police officer charged with murder in fatal shooting of Greg Gunn Read more
In a statement on Friday Sweet commended Maricopa prosecutors for filing charges, calling it “the first step towards justice for Daniel and their family”.
Sweet has filed a $35m notice of claim in their pending wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Mesa.
Mesa police did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Brailsford could not be reached for comment.
Brailsford is next scheduled to appear in court on 15 March.  They are the second officer to be charged in connection with a fatal shooting in 2016.
On Wednesday, authorities in Alabama charged a Montgomery police officer with murder in the death of Greg Gunn.
The following are my own personal favourite selections of the vast array of psychedelic music that has come out of Africa, particularly from Zambia and Nigeria. The borders of psychedelia are somewhat streched in a few of these cases, with funk, afrobeat and afrojazz being the predominant genres at points, however psychedelic undertones flow throughout this selection. In no particular order:
The Funkees (Nigeria)
Emerging from Nigeria's afrorock scene in the early 70's, The Funkees later moved to and recorded in London before breaking up in the mid 70's. From an article on Bandcamp Daily: “Funkiness is an intangible quality. It's something you have, but not something you can teach, trade, or tabulate. The Funkees had it. They were a ball of pure energy, full of smooth, psychedelic guitar riffs, infectious organ stabs, and relentless drums. ” Listen to their song Abraka below and listen to their album Now I'm a Man here.
Blo (Nigeria)
Formed in the early 1970's, Blo were another seminal act of the 70's AfroRock scene that blossomed in Nigeria. Recording until the 80's, their sound incorporates psychedelia with funk, soul, afrobeat and later, disco. The track below, Beware (which cuts off early for some reason), comes from their debut album Chapter 1 released in 1973 – avaliable to listen to in its entierity here.
Amanaz (Zambia)
Players of Zamrock, the name given to the incredible psychedlic scene/genre that emerged in Zambia during the 1970s, these guys are as good as any of the legendary 60s groups from whom they drew inspiration. Sadly they only released one album, Africa, but it is endlessly listenable and holds up so well today. Listen to the beautiful track Sunday Morning from this album below, and listen to the whole album here.
Witch (Zambia)
Another legendary band who formed in the Zamrock scene, their sound utilises garage rock rythms, organs and wah-wah fuzzed out guitar. Witch were a mainstay of Zamrock until the mid 1980's when state repression of music hindered their ability to continue as a band. Listen to the title track of their album Lazy Bones below, and listen to the entire album here.
Marijata (Ghana)
Absolute revelation finding this band. From a fitting review: “a sensational, multi-talented avant-garde, hard-hitting, hair-rising, Afro-fuzz Ghanaian highlife band which made its name in the Ghanaian musical landscape in the 1970's.” Their 1976 album This is Marijata is a masterpiece – the track below from this album, I Walk Alone, is some of the best psychedelic soul you're likely to hear. They also absolutely tore it up when it came to funk, whilst simultaneously reminding us in these neo-fasicst times that no condition is permanent, see here.
Bombino (Niger)
A contemporary singer songwriter, Bombino gets people dancing whilst educating about geo-political issues. From a No Depression review: “cutting on the upswing, percussive on the downbeat, snatches of Jimmy Page, Jimi Hendrix and even Jerry Garcia can be heard in the sound Bombino creates”. Below, killing it at Austin Psych Fest 2014, to listen to more of their work see their bandcamp page.
Assagai (members from South Africa and Nigeria)
According to a Guardian article, Assagai's aim was “get people dancing, not to make a name for themselves”, which might explain why they only recorded two albums and broke up just before they were scheduled to start an American tour. Incorporating psychedelic guitar licks with funk and afrojazz, their two albums deserve far more historic recognition. Listen to a playlist of their work in a Guardian article here, and listen to their song Cocoa below.
Tamikrest (Mali)
Contemporary fusion band, from a soundcloud review: “Tamikrest means “crossing” in the language of the Kel Tamashek, a traditionally nomadic Saharan people that are commonly referred to as the Tuaregs. Echoes of dub, blues, psychedelia, funk and even art-rock are seamlessly woven by Tamikrest into their increasingly individual take on the Tuareg musical tradition.” Listen to their song Imanin bas Zinhou below, bandcamp page here.
Le Super Borgou de Parkou (Benin)
Playing in the Islamic funk belt that existed in the 1970's, this band has a fascinating history very much tied into the political history of Benin – read about it in a Quietus article here. From said article: “Untutored and unrestrained, what you hear is what you get, as musicians wrestle their instruments unbound by limitations, to create their pure sounds, as perfect for headphones as for the dancefloor.” Playlist of their work here.
Les Amazones D'Afrique (Various countries)
Formed in Mali but wth members from across the continent, Les Amazones D'Afrique are an all female feminist ‘supergroup' collective, who use their music to campaign for gender liberation. Their sound encompasses funk, blues and dub amongst other genres, with guitar and echoey vocals that I think qualifies it for this blog (kind of). Their debut album, République Amazone, has rightfully been much hyped and is already one of my favorite releases of 2017. Listen to Doona from that album below, and stream the full album here. Definitely a band to watch in the future.
Pat Thomas (Ghana)
Ghanaian highlife music, Pat Thomas has been voted “the golden voice of Africa”, and continues to record and tour to this day with over 15 albums to their name. Listen to their excellent song Coming Home below, and check out their bandcamp page here.
Wells Fargo (Zimbabwe)
From the youtube description: “Wells Fargo were part of a counterculture that has been almost totally forgotten, even in its country of origin. In the 1970's, during the last decade of Zimbabwe's War of Independence, rock music exploded with a message of unity and hope. Wells Fargo was at the forefront of the “Heavy Music” movement serving as fuel for the fight.” Good to see these guys are still playing.
Don Bruce and the Angels (Nigeria)
Little info on this band seems to exist online, including what years they were recording, though it's thought to be around the late 70's/early 80's. Certainly on the more straight-up funk/afrobeat side of this selection, but smattered with psychedelic guitar stylings, this is solid feel good music with an infectious groove. More of their work is available of youtube here.
Tirogo (Zambia)
Ten years after the summer of love, Tirogo recorded a cult classic of psychedelia, ‘Float'. Psych/fuzz guitar with R&B and afrobeat influences, the lofi production makes for an underground, mysterious sound. Listen to the song Gypsy Girl below, and to the entire album here
The Hygrades (Nigeria)
1970's creation of guitarist and producer Goddy Oku, The Hygrades provide trippy instrumentals with funk rock rhythms. The layered instrumentation and more bluesy guitar riffs of The Hygrades is standout amongst the many Afrorock bands playing in Nigeria at the time. Couldn't find an album anywhere but plenty of their songs are on youtube, listen to their song Rough Rider below.
Ebo Taylor (Ghana)
A legend of Ghanaian highlife (also pictured at the top of this blog, incase you were wondering), starting out in the 1950's, they are still touring and recording to this day at aged 81. Their music is beatiful to listen to and really doesn't require me to add any more description. Their song Come Along is below, and for more of their work, including recent releases, check out their bandcamp here.
Advertisements
Floridians will have to submit urine, blood or hair samples for drug testing before receiving cash benefits from the state, under a bill Gov. Rick Scott signed into law today.
"The goal of this is to make sure we don't waste taxpayers' money," Scott said. "And hopefully more people will focus on not using illegal drugs."
Taxpayers will reimburse welfare applicants for negative drug tests. Positive tests will carry an immediate ban on Temporary Assistance for Needy Families for six months. A second positive test will result in a three-year ban on state assistance.
Other details in the new law:
• The Department of Children and Families must inform applicants that they can avoid a drug test if they do not apply for benefits.
• The state must assure each applicant "a reasonable degree of dignity while producing and submitting a sample."
• Parents who fail drug tests can get benefits for their children by naming a state-approved designee to collect the money. That designee must also pass a drug test.
ACLU Florida has suggested they might sue the state over the new law. A statement from the group's state director today did not mention legal action, but said they would have an announcement tomorrow about Scott's executive order forcing drug tests on state employees.
"Once again, this governor has demonstrated their dismissal of both the law and the right of Floridians to personal privacy by signing into law a bill that treats those who have lost their jobs like suspected criminals," Howard Simon said in their statement. "This wasteful program created by this law subjects Floridians who are impacted by the economic downturn, as well as their families, to a humiliating search of their urine and body fluids without cause or even suspicion of drug use."
About 233,000 Floridians applied for cash assistance in 2009-10, including 114,000 families, according to DCF statistics. This month, 93,170 Floridians received cash assistance, a drop of 8.3 percent from a year ago.
Scott today also signed a bill, HB 1039, banning fake ban salts. The legislation was pushed by Attorney General Pam Bondi and Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen.
Two Carolina Panthers cheerleaders who witness told police were having sex with each other in a bathroom stall at a Tampa, Fla., nightclub were arrested and charged early Sunday following a run-in with patrons and police.
According to a police report obtained by the CBS TV affiliate in Tampa and the Charlotte Observer, Angela Ellen Keathley and Renee Thomas were arrested following an incident at Banana Joe's, in Tampa's Channelside district, at 2:10 a.m. ET.
The cheerleaders were kicked off the team Monday for violating a signed code of conduct, Panthers spokesperson Charlie Dayton said. The two violated a rule that bans conduct that's embarrassing to the
team or organization.
In the police report, witnesses claimed Thomas and Keathley were having sex with each other in a stall when other patrons grew angry that the two were taking so long in the bathroom.
Another woman waiting to use the bathroom got into an argument with the two, and Thomas hit that person in the face, according to details of the report posted on TampaBay10.com, the CBS TV affiliate's Web site.
Keathley, who was escorted from the nightclub, was so drunk they could barely stand, the report said. Police described Keathley as rude and belligerent with police.
When Thomas was arrested, they gave police the name of another Panthers cheerleader -- Kristen Lanier Owen, the Observer and TampaBay10.com reported. Thomas, who was charged with one count of battery, might face additional charges for lying to police, once they confirm their identity.
Keathley was charged with disorderly conduct and obstructing or opposing an officer.
Other Panthers cheerleaders bailed Thomas and Keathley out of Hillsborough County jail later Sunday morning, TampaBay10.com reported.
The cheerleaders made the trip to Tampa on their own -- the squad performs on the sideline only at home games. Panthers officials at Sunday afternoon's game said they were aware of the report, but declined further comment when contacted by the Observer.
According to the Panthers' official team Web site on NFL.com, Keathley is a registered nurse and second-year member of the TopCats. Thomas is listed as a student at the University of North Carolina-Charlotte and first-year member of the cheerleading squad.
If you aren't familiar with the San Francisco of forty years ago, the city planning battles that play out at City Hall and in the press might seem baffling. A look back at that period is helpful.
Planning decisions made from the mid-70s to mid-80s led to radical and traumatic changes in the City's landscape. I had the luck to participate in many of the events I describe, first as an activist, and later as a Planhnning Commissioner and as Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic Development.
In this piece I'm going to focus on land use battles – conflicts over housing and historic preservation, “Manhattanization” and competing visions for the City. But it's important to look at other events of that time.
On November 18, 1978 in Guyana, Reverend Jim Jones and almost a thousand members of Peoples Temple killed themselves and others, including Congressman Leo Ryan, in a mass suicide. Jones had recently moved their primarily African-American flock to that jungle camp after having become politically powerful in San Francisco. I worked closely with Jones when they were Chair of the City's Housing Authority and I have to admit that I saw no charisma. Probably a good thing.
Less than two weeks later, on November 27, 1978 Supervisor Dan White gunned down Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk in City Hall. The city was shaken by these events to an extent that I can't describe.
It was a terrible, shocking time.
Three years later, in 1981, San Francisco saw its first diagnosed AIDS case, and within a few years sick young men were everywhere – newly blind, stick figures, with purple splotches. Nobody knew at first how it was transmitted and there are no cures.
Everyone lost friends and I had friends who lost all their friends and then died themselves.
The landscape and demographics of the City were changing. In 1975 old time San Franciscans voted for Republican mayoral candidate John Barbagelata. And they voted for Dan White, for Supervisor. Their slogan: “Unite to Fight With White”. Moscone barely beat Barbagelata (by 4,315 votes out of 200,000). At the time, pollster Melvin Field described Barbagelata voters as “those with property interests to protect, older people, the educated, pessimistic, frustrated by events, the white middle class.” They felt under siege by newcomers, many of them Chinese, or hippies, or gay.
REDEVELOPMENT
The earliest of the land use traumas discussed here was the destruction of the Fillmore and South of Market neighborhoods by the City's Redevelopment Agency. The demolitions pre-dated the mid 1970s, but for much of this period there were many acres of empty lots.
During World War II, European cities suffered bombings and civilian casualties on a scale never before seen. After the War, European planners had to rebuild bombed-out central city and American planners were envious of their blank slates. So, in cities across the country, urban leaders bombed our own central cities, particularly those neighborhoods populated by low income, elderly, and minority residences and the businesses that served them. The San Francisco Redevelopment Agency leveled 60 blocks in the mostly African-American Fillmore, taking out not just housing but also thriving businesses and an entire local culture of extended families, churches, shops, and nightclubs.
Dresden
Fillmore
South of Market, Redevelopment wiped out a community to make room for the Moscone Convention Center, Yerba Buena Gardens, and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and, after years of lawsuits, both market rate and low-income housing.
Third Street before Redevelopment
Third Street for a decade
These sweeping interventions were not undertaken by conservatives – but by well-intentioned liberals, as part of an effort to address blight. Blight is messy, an infection, unsanitary. Redevelopment is clean.
But it wasn't just slummy buildings that were removed.
INTERNATIONAL HOTEL
These people lived in the International Hotel, on the edge of the Financial District in what was left of Manilatown. Their name was Wahat Tampao.
The Hotel was not just cheap housing; it was also the heart of a community, with restaurants, a barbershop, and a nightclub. A Thai whiskey magnate named Supasit Mahaguna bought the Hotel to demolish and replace with a highrise. The campaign to save the Hotel was the largest housing struggle of the mid 70s in San Francisco with regular demonstrations that circled the entire city block. Advocates pushed for the City to take the Hotel from the developer, had it declared a National Landmark, and fought in court. Defying an eviction order to clear the building, the Sheriff themselves went to jail.
That's Peoples Temple Reverend Jim Jones in the center.
We lost, and on August 4th, 1977 the police cleared the street of demonstrators and the sheriff emptied the building. I was in the building, with a pass issued by the Sheriff.
Adding insult to injury, the replacements for lost buildings were typically Brutalist.
Here's what replaced the International Hotel:
This department store on Union Square:
became:
This.
This was the old Courthouse, formerly across the street from the International Hotel.
It became:
This.
And this:
Became:
RICHMOND SPECIALS
Not all of these were public action by the City and not all were downtown. The character of the neighborhoods flanking Golden Gate Park was changing too. The Richmond and Sunset neighborhoods were seeing new Chinese neighbors – in 1970 the City was 8.2% Asian, in 1980, 22%. They were often housed in boxy multifamily buildings that replaced Victorians.
They were known as Richmond Specials and they triggered a backlash that led to a designated priority policy in the Planning Code (one of 8, along with earthquake preparedness):” Conserve and Protect Neighborhood Character. “
When I hear that term I recall what President Jimmy Carter said in April 1976 in an interview with the New York Daily News. They said they saw “nothing wrong with ethnic purity” being maintained in urban neighborhoods.
HIGHRISES AND ANTI-HIGHRISES
The mid 70s saw a boom in highrise construction (In the years from 1965-1981 the square footage of office space more than doubled, from 26 million to 55 million). The backlash ended with the 1986 passage of Proposition M, a cap on highrise growth (and the establishment of the Priority Policies).
There was a religious fervor to the anti-highrise campaign:
The Tower of Babel, by Peter Bruegel the Elder
There were many arguments against highrises: they don't pay enough taxes to cover the public burden; they create shadowed canyons and block views; they spread into Chinatown, South of Market and Tenderloin neighborhoods,
A lot of these objections were lumped together into the term Manhattanization. It's useful to look back at what Manhattan represented then: anarchy, crime, graffiti, and bedlam:
The best case against highrises was made in a coloring book.
It is a tale of innocence lost and hope in an uprising.
It was a postcard town and romance was everywhere:
Until the developers came along:
But by banding together, the little guys were able to beat the big guys:
And how decisions about the City get made would change too:
It's a great story. And in my experience, a good story will beat a terrific study or report any day. The plucky insurgence against the developers – Jane Jacobs as David against Robert Moses as. Goliath. God punishing the hubris of the builders of Babel. And we had perfect villains: Supasit Mahaguna, the Redevelopment Agency, and the King Kong developer shown above.
In the highrise battles there were two competing narratives, different visions of the role of the city – and of how the future should be determined. On one side, developers, Mayors, and planners envisioning a regional job center in the International style. On the other, the Bay Guardian newspaper, San Francisco Tomorrow, and neighborhood groups keen on a city that primarily serves existing residents. At issue: the idea of Progress.
ECHOES:
The City went through a lot.
These battles of the ‘70s and ‘80s echo today and they shape the decisions we make and how we make them. The events of those times were traumatic and the City has responded to them as an individual would.
Here's what Wikipedia has to say about trauma:
“Trauma can be caused by a wide variety of events, but there are a few common aspects. There is frequently a violation of the person's familiar ideas about the world and their human rights, putting the person in a state of extreme confusion and insecurity. This is also seen when institutions that are depended upon for survival, violate, humiliate, betray, or cause major losses or separations.“
In response three changes came about: laws were passed, decision-making authority was diluted, and we have embraced a planning culture that accepts gridlock.
Legislation:
Overall, I think the City did a pretty good job of legislating solutions to the problems of that period. Tenants are well protected and so are historic buildings. Another International Hotel eviction could not happen. New buildings contribute toward offsetting their impacts.
• The Residential Hotel Ordinance mandates that residential hotel rooms must be preserved or replaced.
• Office developers must pay into funds for affordable housing and transit and either fund or provide childcare.
• Significant new shadows on parks are prohibited.
• In the Downtown area, historic buildings are preserved and owners can sell development rights.
• Community – initiated plans adopted by the City help protect Chinatown and the Tenderloin from office and hotel development.
Decision-making:
The planning blunders of the ‘70s and ‘80s led to changes in how decisions get made. Power and decision-making authority have been diffused.
• The City went from an at-large system of electing members of the Board of Supervisors to an 11-member Board elected by numbered districts. The effect is that each supervisor has de facto veto power over developments or plans in their or their district.
• Previous Planning Commissions were composed of 5 mayoral appointees and two representing City departments. (For about four years I was a “permanent alternate ex officio” member of the Commission.) Now, the Commission is made up of a handful of appointments from the Board and a handful of Mayoral nominees, who must also be Board approved. They tend to vote along those lines.
• Proposition M the anti-highrise proposition, was the finale to a series of efforts to manage growth at the polls. Since then, “Ballot Box Planning” has really taken off. Affordable housing percentages, disposition of City surplus properties, AirBnB controls, building heights, market rate housing moratoriums, protection for legacy businesses, increased voter controls over waterfront planning, and individual projects have all been decided by the voters in recent years. And it is not only opponents who have brought their case to the electorate. So have developers, including Lennar, the SF Giants, Forest City, and Pacific Waterfront Partners.
Culture:
Legislation is difficult and the dilution of decision-making authority has made it harder. But I believe that it's not the challenge of crafting and implementing laws that stymie the City's planning and development. The impediment is our unique culture.
In reaction to the top-down, autocratic plans of the ‘70s and ‘80s – the hollowing out of entire neighborhoods, the widespread loss of historic buildings and the poor quality of the replacements, the downtown boom that nibbled at Chinatown and other adjacent neighborhoods – San Francisco has adopted a conservative planning culture. We just don't like change.
• Rather than providing leadership and skill, planning has become an exercise in consensus-seeking. And that means that an unsatisfied individual or group can exercise de facto veto power.
• Preservation, of “neighborhood character” or of individual, often nondescript, older buildings, has assumed a higher value than competing interests for housing, jobs, urbanism, innovative design, or other social goods.
• Fortunately we no longer have the brutal drama of events like the International Hotel eviction or the destructive scale of the scooping out of the Western Addition or South of Market. We lack colorful villains like Supasit Mahaguna or the Redevelopment Agency bulldozers. What we get is vicious infighting among people who generally agree within a narrow spectrum of views. And hyped up crises like the 5M project, a proposal for 40% permanently affordable housing that led to the shut down of the Planning Commission, with speakers calling the proposal “genocide” Or the bogus Wall on the Waterfront campaign – successful opposition to a housing development that was neither a wall nor on the waterfront.
• Planning resources are focused on procedures, bulletproofing proposals from environmental appeals, discretionary review of small projects, and second-guessing design.
• Real issues – like the change of the City's role in the regional economy, changing transportation patterns, and the housing crisis – have slipped by without serious planning.
• There is no real constituency for effective planning. The sheer inefficiency of planning, with multiple redundant reviews, easy appeals of even fully Code compliant projects, and CEQA review of modest infill projects serve as a de facto drag on change. It is like driving with the parking brakes on.
And after the planning blunders of the past, we settle for this.
………..
David Prowler (www.prowler.org) arrived in San Francisco in 1974. Since then he:
• Served as Housing Specialist at the City's Human Rights Commission, focusing on saving the International Hotel;
• Worked as Planning Director at the Chinatown Community Development Center;
• Served as Special Assistant to the City's Chief Administrative Officer and as a Planning Commissioner;
• Served as Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic Development and managed the creation of Mission Bay and the Giants Ballpark;
• Founded Prowler, Inc., a planning and development firm whose clients have included City agencies, SFMOMA, SF State University, SF Zen Center, and One Rincon Hill
• Lectures in the Urban Studies Program at Stanford University.
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
The attacks in Paris last week were a deadly demonstration that the Islamic State, once a group of militants focused on seizing territory in Iraq and Syria, has broadened its focus to attack the West. The electronic files seized in the Pentagon investigation tell the story of the group's rise, as seen through the eyes of Centcom, which oversees military operations across the Middle East.
The exact content of those documents is unclear and may not become public because so much of the information is classified. But military officials have told Congress that some of those emails and documents may have been deleted before they had to be turned over to investigators, according to a senior congressional official, who requested anonymity to speak about the ongoing inquiry. Current and former officials have separately made similar claims, on condition of anonymity, to The New York Times. Although lawmakers are demanding answers about those claims, it is not clear that the inspector general has been able to verify them. A spokesperson for the inspector general declined to comment.
Staff members at the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence are also poring over years of Centcom intelligence reports and comparing them to assessments from the Central Intelligence Agency, the Defense Intelligence Agency and others. The committee is not just examining reports about Iraq, Syria and the Islamic State, but also about Afghanistan and other areas under Centcom's purview. The insurrection inside Centcom is an important chapter in the story of how the United States responded to the growing threat from the Islamic State. This past summer, a group of Centcom analysts took concerns about their superiors to the inspector general, saying they had evidence that senior officials had changed intelligence assessments to overstate the progress of American airstrikes against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS.
The US president's favorite social media platform has increased the allowable character limit from 140 to 280 after research found frustration among users
Twice as much Trump? Twitter doubles its character limit on tweets
Twitter has doubled the character limit on tweets to allow its users to convey more meaning or emotion – or, in the case of Donald Trump, more elaborate war threats to North Korea.
“This is a small change, but a big move for us. 140 was an arbitrary choice based on the 160-character SMS limit,” said chief executive Jack Dorsey, announcing the update on Tuesday.
jack (@jack) This is a small change, but a big move for us. 140 was an arbitrary choice based on the 160 character SMS limit. Proud of how thoughtful the team has been in solving a real problem people have when trying to tweet. And at the same time maintaining our brevity, speed, and essence! https://t.co/TuHj51MsTu
The decision was motivated by research carried out by the social network that showed you can convey double the amount of information per character in languages like Japanese, Korean and Chinese than you can in languages like English, Spanish, Portuguese or French.
“Our research shows us that the character limit is a major cause of frustration for people Tweeting in English, but it is not for those Tweeting in Japanese,” said Twitter product manager Aliza Rosen in a blogpost.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Twitter extends its character limit from 140 to 280. Photograph: Twitter
The team found that only 0.4% of tweets sent in Japanese hit the 140-character limit, while a much higher percentage of tweets in English (9%) hit the limit.
“When people don't have to cram their thoughts into 140 characters and actually have some to spare we see more people tweeting – which is awesome,” Rosen added.
They acknowledged that some people have an “emotional attachment” to 140 characters – “we felt it, too” – but that when the team tried it they “fell in love with this new, still brief, constraint”.
Twitter is testing the new feature with a small subset of its 328 million users before deciding whether to launch it to everyone.
Twitter says Trump's threat to North Korea was 'newsworthy' and will not be taken down Read more
The announcement polarized Twitter users, with some arguing that the company should have prioritized an editing tool or a clampdown on white nationalists using the platform.
For others the focus was on Donald Trump who recently posted a tweet that North Korea has interpreted as a “clear declaration of war”.
In response to a speech by North Korea's Ri Yong-ho at the United Nations on Sunday, Trump wrote that if the foreign minister “echoed” the thoughts of Kim Jong-un, the two men “won't be around for much longer”. It was the latest in a series of hostile statements between the two countries.
Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If they echo thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Twitter's terms of service forbid making violent threats, but the company refused to take the tweet down, arguing that Trump's statement was “newsworthy” and in the public interest.
M.G. Siegler (@mgsiegler) Close your eyes.
Imagine Trump using Twitter.
Now imagine Trump using Twitter with 280 characters.
Now close Twitter.
It is not yet clear whether Trump is among the test group of users to have access to the additional characters.
When the season seven finale of Pretty Little Liars airs, it will be the end of an era. And what better way to celebrate than with the Teen Choice Awards nominating all five Liars for awards?
Sure, it's bittersweet: the award won't bring the show back — though there are talks of a spin-off — and the Liars are up against each other for the same award. But given how much Ali, Aria, Emily, Hanna, and Spencer have been through together, we have a feeling that sharing the award as a group would be a piece of cake.
Of course, there are tons of movies, TV shows, and more that will be up for the famed surfboard that the TCAs give out every year. Harry Styles and Niall Horan will face off for the same award, as will Justin Bieber and The Weeknd. But rather than an award show full of rivalry, look at it this way: your faves are in good company, as they're paired with your other faves.
Want to cast your vote for your favorite in each category? Head to teenchoice.com now, or tweet with the corresponding hashtag for each category. The Teen Choice Awards airs on August 13, but voting closes June 22.
MOVIES
Choice Action Movie (#ChoiceActionMovie)
Logan
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
The Fate of the Furious
Transformers: The Last Knight
Wonder Woman
xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Action Movie Actor (#ChoiceActionMovieActor)
Brenton Thwaites, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Chris Pine, Wonder Woman
Dwayne Johnson, The Fate of the Furious
Hugh Jackman, Logan
Johnny Depp, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Vin Diesel, The Fate of the Furious,” “xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Action Movie Actress (#ChoiceActionMovieActress)
Deepika Padukone, xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Gal Gadot, Wonder Woman
Kaya Scodelario, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Michelle Rodriguez, The Fate of the Furious
Nina Dobrev, xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Ruby Rose, xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Sci-Fi Movie (#ChoiceSciFiMovie)
Arrival
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Kong: Skull Island
Power Rangers
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
The Space Between Us
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActor)
Asa Butterfield, The Space Between Us
Chris Pratt, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Dacre Montgomery, Power Rangers
Diego Luna, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
Jeremy Renner, Arrival
Tom Hiddleston, Kong: Skull Island
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actress (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActress)
*Amy Adams, Arrival
*Becky G, Power Rangers
*Brie Larson, Kong: Skull Island
*Felicity Jones, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
*Naomi Scott, Power Rangers
*Zoe Saldana, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Choice Fantasy Movie (#ChoiceFantasyMovie)
Beauty and the Beast
Doctor Strange
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Moana
Choice Fantasy Movie Actor (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActor)
Asa Butterfield, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Benedict Cumberbatch, Doctor Strange
Dan Stevens, Beauty and the Beast
Dwayne Johnson, Moana
Eddie Redmayne, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Choice Fantasy Movie Actress (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActress)
Auli'i Cravalho, Moana
Emma Watson, Beauty and the Beast
Eva Green, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Katherine Waterston, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Rachel McAdams, Doctor Strange
Choice Drama Movie (#ChoiceDramaMovie)
Before I Fall
Everything, Everything
Gifted
Hidden Figures
The Edge of Seventeen
The Shack
Choice Drama Movie Actor (#ChoiceDramaMovieActor)
Socially, I can be pretty dense. This made it possible for me to arrive at a startling revelation at PyCon this year, one that significantly changed my perception of the Python community, and my view of my place in it.I've always loved going to PyCon and working with people in the community. But it wasn't until I heard David Goodger's opening remarks on Friday that it finally dawned on me how important Python is to many of its members as a community and circle of friends. Or for that matter, how important it is to me as well.Here's the backstory: In the early days of PyCon, in 2004, I heard that David couldn't come to the conference for lack of funds. He'ld been laid off. I sent an email to the docutils mailing list and within hours had enough pledges to pay for their travel and accommodations. One anonymous donor gave over $200.That was more or less the last I thought of it until I heard David speak about it this year. What they said was that they were not just out of work but also depressed and this show of support from the community ended up meaning a lot to him. It was clear from talking about this with others afterwards that he's not alone in their perception of the community as very personal indeed.Even if you're not the type to get teary eyed by such stories of unselfish giving from members of our far-flung community (and I admit I do), you can't argue with the sheer brilliance of this approach. As an investment in our collective future, this gesture turned out to pay off handsomely. As many of you may know, David has served as Director in the Python Software Foundation, where they have done a fantastic job as Secretary, and they have worked intensively this year as the PyCon Chairman.So now I've figured it out, and I am all the more confident of the health and vigor of Python. The motivations run much deeper than I thought, as do the rewards.This is also why I'm not much concerned about some of the criticisms of this year's PyCon. These things will be fixed next year, and we'll move on.Every community has its problems. It's just a question of how (and whether) the community comes together to solve them. Like the small rural town where I live, one that strongly resists 21st century corporate intrusions into our 19th century village, I have a feeling that the Python community is not going to be building a Walmart any time soon.I hope this is useful to those that share my social denseness, or that it may inspire others to practice spontaneous kindness as a way to build community.
Ricardo Martinelli, a former president of Panama, was taken into custody by United States marshals on Monday night at their home near Miami, raising the likelihood that they could be sent home to face charges of corruption and illegal spying.
Mr. Martinelli, who left Panama in 2015 and was living in Coral Gables, Fla., is to appear Tuesday before a federal magistrate for an extradition hearing, the Marshals Service said.
Mr. Martinelli's office issued a statement saying that the former president had requested political asylum in the United States. “The United States is a democracy where laws and the rights of citizens are respected,” the statement said.
The government of Panama sent a request to the United States in September for Mr. Martinelli's return. Officials said their home had been under surveillance for the last two weeks.
People with an interest in astronomy may already be aware by now of one of the more recently famous galaxies, NGC 4151, which bears an appearance reminiscent of the “Eye of Sauron” from J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy. While that galaxy is currently taking the spotlight, it is an opportune time to present a visual tour of a few other notable galaxies and nebulae with memorable names and faces, to appreciate the awe-inspiring beauty of the universe so far discovered.
First up is the aptly named “Fireworks Galaxy,” officially bearing the designation NGC 6946. Located 22 million light years from earth, it is a spiral galaxy that is oriented to face towards earth directly, rather than sideways. It is that orientation that allows it to be seen in such a way as to appear like a burst of holiday fireworks. Helping it to earn the name are eight different supernovas which have exploded in its arms over the past century, which are visible in the image as the larger, blue-ish bright spots spattered around it. This galaxy also contains three of the oldest discovered supernovas ever detected.
The next “heavenly body” on the list is the Pinwheel Galaxy. With the scientific name of M101, the Pinwheel Galaxy of one of many spiral-type galaxies, although it exhibits a visually unique character with its tighter-than-usual spirals, which contain a healthy mix of both old and young stars. The Pinwheel Galaxy is in the same area of the night sky as Ursa Major, or more familiarly, the Big Dipper. It is a very similar distance from earth as the Fireworks Galaxy, measuring only one million light years closer, and it is significantly larger than the Milky Way in which earth resides.
Transitioning from galaxies to nebulae, the Flame Nebula, also known as NGC 2024 or Sh2-277, is a striking example of an emission nebula that calls Orion home. Much of the glow from which is derives its name is the effect of radiation from the easternmost star that makes up Orions' belt, Alnitak. Along with its neighbor, the Horsehead Nebula, it is part of a region of space known as the Orion Molecular Cloud Complex, a star-forming cloud of gases and dust spanning hundreds of light years in diameter that is roughly 1,400 light years away from earth. Other nebulae in the complex, including one which borrows the name of the surrounding constellation of Orion, are visible by the naked eye.
Last, but anything other than the least of these collected galaxies and nebulae, is the Eagle Nebula. More specifically, a feature of the Eagle Nebula which has come to be called “The Pillars of Creation” for their dramatic appearance and the fact that stars are actually born in them. The Pillars are a type of phenomenon referred to as “elephant trunks” by astronomers for their long, roughly cylindrical shape. They are believed to be carved out of clouds of interstellar matter by “stellar winds,” or the streams of radiation streaming out of the stars.
There are many more awe-inspiring edifices hung throughout the cosmos. As much as the human species has discovered so far, orders of magnitude of other galaxies and nebulae exist beyond current technologies' ability to see. The entire planet upon which humanity is precariously perched is only a speck of dust on the canvas of the night sky, a thought worth thinking the next time a person finds themselves outside on a clear night.
By Brian Whittemore
Sources:
Universe Today
NASA
Daviddarling.info
Photo Credits:
All Images Courtesy of NASA – NASA Image Use Policy
Header Photo – flickr License
Top Left Inset – flickr License
Upper Right Inset – flickr License
Lower Left Inset – flickr License
Bottom Right Inset – flickr License
The versatile, fun-to-drive $21,595 Crosstrek 2.0i looks the part of a rugged crossover and backs up its appearance with proven Subaru capability. Black side- and wheel-arch cladding, rocker spoiler and roof rails provide a rugged contrast to the body color. The 8.7-inches of ground clearance, body-color roof spoiler and unique-design 17-inch wheels bolster the Crosstrek model's go-anywhere stance and attitude. Added Driver Assist technologies available on Crosstrek for 2016 include Blind Spot Detection, Lane Change Assist and Rear Cross Traffic Alert.
Offered as gasoline and hybrid models, the Crosstrek features the Subaru BOXER engine and Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive standard. Gasoline models are powered by a 148-horsepower 2.0-liter BOXER engine and five-speed manual transmission or available Lineartronic® Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT).
For 2016 Crosstrek, both gasoline and hybrid models debut a new front fascia, headlights and grille, with the Hybrid receiving a gloss black finish on the grille. Gasoline models receive new 17-inch dark grey with machine finish alloy wheels. Interiors of 2.0i Premium and higher receive orange stitching on the door armrests, center console, shift lever handles as well as the redesigned steering wheel. 2.0i Limited and Hybrid Touring models add gloss black and silver dash trim.
All models add nighttime LED illumination to the center console under the radio. On models equipped with Keyless Access with Push Button start, PIN Code Access is included.
Beginning at $22,395, the 2.0i Premium offers as standard, the All-Weather Package (heated front seats, heated side mirrors and windshield wiper de-icer); a tilt/telescoping steering wheel with audio and Bluetooth® control switches; power windows, door locks and side mirrors; multi-function display with fuel economy information; security system with engine immobilizer; outside temperature gauge, and carpeted floormats. The 6.2" STARLINK multimedia system with touchscreen is standard on 2.0i, 2.0i Premium and Hybrid models. The system includes AM/FM Stereo HD radio with single disc CD player, Bluetooth streaming audio and hands-free phone capability, iPod control with iTunes tagging and rear-vision camera.
With a starting price of $25,095, the 2.0i Limited adds standard CVT, leather-trimmed upholstery, steering wheel and shift handle. Limited models also feature; automatic climate control system, auto on/off headlights, a rear seat armrest with dual cupholders and turn signal exterior mirrors. New for 2016, Blind Spot Detection and Rear Cross Traffic Alert are now standard on Limited and Hybrid Touring models.
New safety and security capabilities for 2016 extend the brand's reputation for providing occupant protection and peace of mind. Two STARLINK packages debut in optional packages for Premium and Limited trims for Crosstrek and Impreza. The STARLINK Safety Plus package includes Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Maintenance Notifications, Monthly Vehicle Health Report and Diagnostic Alerts.
For even greater peace of mind, customers can subscribe to the STARLINK Safety Plus & Security Plus Package, which adds Stolen Vehicle Recovery Service, Vehicle Security Alarm Notification, Remote Lock/Unlock, Remote Horn and Lights and Remote Vehicle Locator.
MySubaru.com is standard with STARLINK and allows access to remote services and diagnostics via smartphone or computer.
For 2016, Crosstrek Hybrid and Hybrid Touring receive a new gloss black grille with chrome accents. The model's 2.0-liter Subaru BOXER engine uses a slightly higher compression ratio (10.8:1) than in the standard gas model (10.5:1), along with reduced-friction piston rings and valve springs and a higher capacity exhaust gas regeneration (EGR) system with an EGR cooler. The main performance boost comes from the permanent-magnet AC synchronous electric drive motor, which produces 13.4 hp from 1,500 rpm-6,000 rpm, for a total hybrid system output of 160 hp at 6,000 rpm. The starter and alternator functions are combined into one unit. A 100.8V, 13.5kW nickel-metal hydride battery, with 0.55kWh capacity, is located under the rear floor area. The battery is placed low in the vehicle to help with handling agility.
Standard on all Hybrid trims, Keyless Access with Push Button start system is an available option on Crosstrek Limited and now features Pin Code Access. Available navigation and Subaru STARLINK™ Multimedia Plus system for Crosstrek Limited with EyeSight and Crosstrek Hybrid Touring adds navigation, SiriusXM NavTraffic® and NavWeather® services (subscription required).
Do you remember watching Dragon Ball Z as a young teenager? That is a scenario that many of us have gone through our youth. We would watch stylized cartoons from Japan as young children. Many of those children grew up and still wanted to enjoy cartoons of that nature as an adult. Some of those people decided to make conventions based on this premise (take a comic book convention but with the premise of Asiatic pop culture). These conventions aren't necessarily about the cartoons but the subcultures that it spawns.
The average convention goer is most likely the reverse of what you expect from a nerd convention. The skinny lanky nerd and their buddy the obese manchild are still going to conventions. They will be there giving presentations, but a whole new breed of people is in to anime.
This new breed is young attractive women with mental issues. Women have jumped onto the anime bandwagon. Most of them joined because they're the second tier of attractive women. They can't compete with the front runners because of a flaw or two (they might have the body but the nose is way too big). These women would be considered Bargain Bin to regular society. However, to anime loving nerds, these are the new 9's and 10's for the anime world. Women love it, because they have a ton of beta orbiters and some creepy omegas. They get to rule over and be the queens of anime conventions. I decoded the code for an alpha guy to go to these conventions and make that second string duchess bow down to your manliness.
Location
Not all anime conventions are made equally. The ones with the most participants usually have the better quality women. No chick is going to wear 5-inch heels and squeeze their ass in a corset for 50 neckbearded manchildren, but they will do it for 5,000 neckbeared manchildren. The smaller conventions attract the typical manchild and their female equivalent. I went to one of those small conventions and a dude in a dress was trying to hit on me. Go for the bigger conventions because the prettier girls will be there.
The next aspect of these conventions is lodging. Location is incredibly important for maximum efficiency. A hotel room that is a 10 minute walk or less is extremely preferable. In fact, if you want to, registering months before gets you the best deals and the best locations. Many conventions are host to college-like parties and having a bed nearby can be the difference of a bang or not. This is one aspect that you can't skimp on at all. It's easy to rationalize a fun night at the convention center with them vs taking a 40 minute drive back to your place.
Where to go
Most conventions on a bigger scale have a multitude of things to do. You can go play some imported SNES games or stay in some dark room watching VHS era fansubs. Most of it is actually counterproductive to getting a bang however. The places to go are not uniform as all anime conventions aren't alike but I will list the do's and don'ts. Specifically, stating the reason in a small sentence for those new to the anime convention game.
Don't…
Most panels. These are mostly garbage and highly misleading. Most of the panels are run by beta's and transgender freaks. Some of them include buying body pillows and omega sex toys. Others include LGBT representation.
Video game room. No quality ladies in there whatsoever. Also, the body odor is worse than a century old carcass.
Burlesque and adult-themed shows. Most of these are populated by unattractive and disgusting women. You can't call them out on it because of the “harassment” policies made by white knights for anime conventions. Spend your time somewhere else.
Video rooms. Mostly filled with obese neckbeards and mangina white knights. There are some exceptions but it's not worth the effort.
Do's…
Dealers Room. This is a must. Imagine a place where you can day game all you want. Women are known to spend big bucks here. So they spend a lot of time in the dealers room. This is the venue to day game.
Events focusing on Lolita. Lolita is a sub culture of Japanese fashion relating to a mixture of British Victorian fashion and Japanese fashion. Most women in this subculture are thin because Japanese companies don't cater to landwhales. These clothes are also extremely expensive usually meaning that these women have a rich daddy or a male sponsor. This combine with the fact that most of these women are more likely to have a personality disorder other than autism. If a woman is in to this culture they must keep thin and must be in to looking good. A great requisition for a bang.
Raves. Imagine a nightclub filled with almost all betas and at least 20 percent of the women there are bangable. This is nightclub game for toddlers. The sharks of a normal nightclub are replaced by clown fish. Just make sure to card the girl because many under 18's love to get an older man from these sorts of events.
You're at the convention center and you notice scantily clad women in tight clothing. You think they might be hired guns to market body pillows. You don't know what to say or act. This is a common scenario for people going to game at conventions of that sort. Instead of spending 3000-5000 words writing a Tolkien length guide on this, I will write about the personalities that go to anime conventions and their backgrounds.
Types of females
Cosplay Girl
These women are dressed up as animated characters out in public. Most of them spend hundreds of hours to get the details down right. They also have to make sure their diet is right and everything matches. This type of woman is slightly smarter than the average American bar-fly. They can talk about more complicated subjects, but it comes at a price. There is a high chance that an attractive woman walking around half naked at a convention center is mentally ill. I can ascertain that a lot of the famous cosplayers have personality disorders like borderline and narcissisism. Generally this is noticeable through things like cut marks, daddy issues, eating disorders and a lot of them are in to hard drugs. These “nerd” girls have the same problems as the average American girl. They are just slightly more intelligent and have lower self-esteem.
Loading...
Game Tips: These women are constantly getting hit on by omega males. If you want to get their attention, ask for a photo. Don't hover-hand and have some witty banter. These chicks can appreciate alpha behavior. They're in a den of beta and omega males. A reasonably sane attractive man who takes care of themselves and doesn't have mental disorders will do well. Just remember to have a separation plan. These chicks will do something rash if they perceived being wronged.
Landwhale
These are the main species of women at anime conventions. They're the thirstiest women in existence. These women require no game whatsoever but doing fat chicks lowers your reputation a lot if you want to be with the skinnier hotter cosplay women. You need to not let their advances succeed. The attractive girls will think something is mentally wrong with you if you slept with a hippo. Also, note that these are the chicks who publicly complain about “sexual harassment” because only creepy ugly men would give them the time of day. Even at the anime conventions themselves.
Game Tips: If you're enough of a degenerate to have sex with a landwhale from an anime convention, wrap it up. They are not the types to take care of their innards including the part you want access to. Vagisil and antibiotic's aren't a miracle cure for jumping in to the garbage dump of a vagina.
Crossplay
These aren't women at all but I will tag them as such just because this is the type of degeneracy you will see at anime conventions. Many in the anime community allow transgendered freaks to parade around as women. Some of these people even go as far as try to pretend to be female anime characters. The anime community tends to say they're more open minded, but if you call out a freak in a dress, expect all the neckbeards, white knights and fat chicks to explode with anger. All you need to do is say no and go on to the next.
Game Tips: ROK isn't a homosexual blog. Go to Jezebel, Slate, or The Atlantic if you want tips on how to sleep with men.
Types of men
Fat Neckbeards
These are the mostly stereotyped males who go to an anime convention. They're fat, usually not into hygiene and have a multitude of social problems. Generally, these men will only offend through the olfactory gland. I can't state enough how smelly the overweight neckbeards are at anime clubs. It is probably illegal under the Geneva Convention to allow these men in the same room as POWS. These men are also white knights but aren't of the active kind. They just want to eat their fried foods and stock up on body pillows. Compared to all the types of men at anime conventions, these are the most benign.
White Knights
They're quite similar to the neckbeard but more virulent. The white knight is fat but not as morbidly obese as the neckbeard. The neckbeard wants to sit in the videogame or video room most of the convention. The white knight has more energy to walk around. They will beta orbit the hottie even if they publicly call them losers in front of their face. White knights and ugly fat chicks are the ones to be on guard of. They will do anything to stop a player from scoring, even by spreading horrendous false rumors. You may have compassion for the fat neckbeard, but I would give none whatsoever for white knights who want to impede your goals. They also tend to smell but that's the least offensive thing about them.
Con Security/Con Staff
Con security/staff is a cheap excuse for the convention community not to hire actual staff. These are white knights with power. While you're trying to score pussy based on game, these men tend to try to use their miniscule authority to try to score. If they can't score, they will use any method to white knight possible, including following around the hot cosplayers trying to show you their authority. As a person who has known con security, these people are mostly dimwits who shouldn't hold any power at all. I'm not saying all people are bad on this position but you really have to keep an eye on them. These people will use their wraith to score pussy. These are the ultimate Machiavellianist in existence. Some are chasing for the pussy and the other to white-knight. A hellish combo.
Going back home
The convention ended and you're on your way back. You were able to get some notches but feminists have taken notice. They are writing articles like this about “consent”. The undesirables of society (fat chicks, manchildren, ugly women) are trying to keep anime conventions in the domain of blue pillers. Anime conventions will always try to shut us redpillers out but if we start to invade, and remain stealth about it, they can't do anything. I hope I see more members of ROK at anime conventions. Cosplay chicks are sick of betas and need some alpha's to come to the conventions and satisfy their sexual needs.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has opened a federal investigation into the Democratic-leaning Podesta Group lobbying firm, and Tony Podesta, the brother of Hillary Clinton's former campaign manager, according to a report Monday morning.
The decision to focus on Podesta was born out of the probe into whether President Trump's campaign associate colluded with Russia, which is also looking into former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort's finances.
A Podesta Group spokesperson told NBC the firm "is cooperating fully with the special counsel's office and has taken every possible step to provide documentation that confirms timely compliance. In all of our client engagements, the Podesta Group conducts due diligence and consults with appropriate legal experts to ensure compliance with disclosure regulations at all times — and we did so in this case."
Manafort and Podesta's firms worked together in a public relations campaign for the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine (ECMU) nonprofit, which is believed to be backed by the pro-Russian and oligarch-funded Ukrainian political group, Party of Regions.
The two are part of six firms who worked on the campaign that the special counsel is investigating.
Sources who spoke with NBC said the Podesta group became of significant interest because it may have violated the Foreign Agents Registration Act. FARA states Americans who lobby for foreign governments, leaders, or political parties must disclose their activities with the Justice Department.
Both Manafort and Podesta's firms only filed FARA disclosures following media reports of their associations with the ECMU.
The US Department of Defense announced today that it is to standardize on Windows 10. Over the course of the next year, some 4 million systems will be upgraded to Microsoft's latest operating system in what must be the largest enterprise deployment of the operating system worldwide.
This is a followup to a November order to upgrade systems in Combatant Commands, Service Agencies, and Field Activities to the operating system. The rationale is the government's desire to protect better against security breaches and reduce IT costs by streamlining on a single platform. Windows 10 is better protected against security flaws than its predecessors, making it a tougher target for attackers.
In tandem with this, the government has given the Surface 3, Surface Pro 3, Surface Pro 4, and Surface Book all the relevant certifications to allow those systems to be included on the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Unified Capabilities (UC) Approved Products List (APL). This means that DoD agencies can now buy and use Surface family hardware in its deployments.
While concerns over Windows 10's privacy policy and network connectivity have been a lingering feature of the operating system's release, this announcement suggests that at least one large, security-sensitive enterprise operator is satisfied with the controls that Microsoft provides.
Don't tell Wells Fargo Securities' Marci Ryvicker that Big Media are washed up as infotainment power shifts to tech giants such as Google and Apple. The long-time analyst of broadcasting and pay TV companies initiated coverage of diversified media today observing that CBS, News Corp, and Time Warner are likely to outperform the overall market while Disney and Viacom keep pace. “We have seen enough evidence over the past six months to support the fact that diversified media is healthy, that MUST-HAVE content WILL be monetized, and that there is still significant growth in this business,” they say in their inaugural report on the sector. She's encouraged by the prospects for TV Everywhere — where pay TV companies make it possible for subscribers to watch their shows on mobile devices. In addition, Ryvicker says that since last summer “programmers have become more protective of their content, which should protect long term monetization.” They like the fact that Netflix is “healthy enough to continue to purchase content, but not strong enough to significantly disrupt the current ecosystem.” And media moguls have learned their lessons from the last decade's disastrous mega-mergers which means “the era of 'empire building' may be behind us.” Ryvicker acknowledges that the sector would be vulnerable if the economy weakens. They also have concerns about some of the companies she's following. For example, they fear that Disney will struggle to keep ESPN growing, that there'll be little if any pick up in its box office sales after a “dismal” year, and that ABC's performance “is just ‘eh'.” She's also staying on the sidelines with Viacom: As Disney becomes a more vigorous challenger to Nickelodeon, there's “more downside risk than upside” to Viacom's ad sales. Meanwhile, Paramount might find it hard to match its successful run in 2011.
Winners
The Packers
Just inside the Packers locker room, off to the right in an adjacent equipment room, a wooden carving of the season's defining word sits on a shelf in plain view. “It was a gift,” a smiling Aaron Rodgers said Sunday. “Fan mail.” The decorative “Relax” sign arrived after Rodgers's Week 3 plea to Green Bay, and now, it's more an artifact than a directive. For the second straight week, the Packers put up 50 points in a rout and became the first team in NFL history to score 28 first-half points in four straight home games. Panic is no longer a problem.
Outside of a speed bump in New Orleans, since Rodgers's decree, all that has slowed down the Packers offense at Lambeau Field is mercy. They've thrown the ball at will, and they wasted little time starting that engine again Sunday, as Rodgers hit Jordy Nelson on a perfect 64-yarder lofted down the right sideline on the third play from scrimmage. Nelson was asked after the game if there were moments these days when Green Bay's offense felt unstoppable. “Kind of,” they replied, which, coming from him, may as well be an answer the Macho Man would give Gene Okerlund.
Sunday's throttling was the most notable thus far because it came against a defense that had been playing remarkably well. Lesser offenses than the Packers had left their tread marks on teams like the Panthers and Bears, but the Eagles came into this weekend ranked sixth in defensive DVOA, fresh off 60 minutes of turning Carolina's offensive line into kindling. Philadelphia sacked Cam Newton nine times, but that pressure was nowhere to be found against Green Bay. Rodgers set up camp in the pocket and Green Bay's receivers chewed up Philadelphia's corners — the weakest group on the Eagles defense, but one that had avoided exposure thanks to a frightening pass rush.
With an offense that has faltered at times, the Eagles had been buoyed in other areas — by a stout, opportunistic defense and dominant special teams. But the Packers won in every hidden area Sunday, taking back both a fumble and an interception for touchdowns, while also adding a score in the return game. They beat the Eagles at Philadelphia's game while also perfecting their own. “I told Fox in the production meeting,” Rodgers said, “this was important to gauge where we were at.” Green Bay's defense got a leg up from Mark Sanchez turning back into a pumpkin, but it also had a strong day against the run and terrorized Sanchez when they went back to pass. They were sacked only three times, but the shots put on them — all three of them, really — should probably count double.
None of the Packers' offensive success is new. Rodgers may be the league's deserving MVP, but that's true in any season he's healthy. Rodgers has already played more games this season than they did all of the last one after breaking their collarbone, but the rest of the offense has also stayed on the field — and that, more than anything else, is what's different about these Packers. Randall Cobb played only six games last year. Nelson played all 16 games last season, but missed four and parts of a few others in 2012. “We've been able to stay pretty healthy this year,” Rodgers said. “Having Randall stay healthy and be able to put up the kind of numbers he's putting up. Obviously, Jordy is having a Pro Bowl season. But the offensive line, being able to have some continuity there … it's given those guys a consistency they haven't had here in a while.” Their Week 2 win against the Jets is the only game the Packers have played without the starting offensive line they took into the season.
Continuity has returned for Green Bay's offense for the first time in a long time, and the Packers have used it to settle into a run of scoreboard pyrotechnics. For the second straight week, Eddy Lacy took a screen pass and chugged at least 30 yards for a touchdown. Lacy says they didn't expect to score, that the final push from tight end Andrew Quarless is what got them into the end zone, but right now the Packers look like a group that expects to score on any play from anywhere on the field. Both Rodgers and Nelson were insistent Sunday that none of this is as easy as they're making it look. If they want us to believe them, someone's going to have to start making it look a little harder.
Jonas Gray
The Patriots clearly had a plan. Ten months removed from running all over the Colts to the tune of 234 rushing yards, New England topped that by 10, using Jonas Gray and an extra offensive lineman to turn the Indianapolis defense into putty. For the second straight game between these two teams, a patriot running back finished with four touchdowns. Against the Colts, Bill Belichick has become that asshole who's found one unstoppable Mortal Kombat move and refuses to do anything else.
The Bucs
Embrace the Mike Evans revolution. You know you've had a ridiculous day as a wide receiver when your quarterback has a huge game — 288 yards and two touchdowns on 12.5 yards per attempt for Josh McCown — despite throwing almost exclusively to you. Ten games into their rookie season, Evans is already a nightmare. This class of rookie receivers looked historically good before Evans was making their case as the group's best. Now, it's just stupid.
It wasn't all Evans, though. The Bucs defense finally looked like the unit some (read: me and about three other idiots) thought it would before the season: six sacks (1.5 of those by Gerald McCoy), a decent showing against the ground game, and the type of return touchdown magic Lovie Smith had enjoyed for years in Chicago.
J.J. Watt (and Their Quarterback)
Charles Woodson probably wouldn't have won the Heisman without some snaps on offense and a few return touchdowns, and it almost seems like the Texans are using the same strategy for Watt's MVP campaign. Plenty of defensive players have scored touchdowns, but Watt's grab yesterday wasn't Mike Vrabel or Jumbo Elliott leaking out of run-heavy formations untouched. This was Watt — inspired by watching Rand University — doing their best Randy Moss impression on a fade at the goal line. We've officially reached a point at which they should be draftable in standard fantasy leagues.
While scattered touchdowns might help Watt's MVP case, an improbable wild-card run in Houston definitely would. A necessary part of that is better quarterback play, and at least through one game, the Texans found it with Ryan Mallett. As ESPN reporter Tania Ganguli pointed out yesterday, it took Mallett one start to match the number of 20-completion, 200-yard, two-plus touchdown games Fitzpatrick had in nine weeks. And it all came against a team that had been among the best in the league against the pass. Along with their production, Mallett also gives Houston's offense another dimension. In Fitzpatrick's starts, the Texans ranked 13th in air yards per pass attempt, at 8.26. Yesterday, Mallett's average throw traveled 10.13 yards. That's a nice dynamic to add to what Houston has been able to do on the ground all season.
Drew Stanton
Maybe it's time we just accept everything Bruce Arians says as law. In Stanton's first start since their coach claimed them more than capable of leading the Cardinals to a Super Bowl, the player was their purest self: a backup quarterback in a high-risk, high-reward offense. They threw two interceptions (and probably should have thrown a third), but there were enough big plays to go around for Arizona to come away with a win.
The Cardinals went 8-for-14 on third down, which ended up being the deciding factor against the league's best defense. Stanton looked shaky on a few scattered plays, but their 70.5 QBR was nearly double what the Lions had allowed (33.9, the best mark in football) through 10 weeks.
Chris Borland
Anyone who listens to the Grantland NFL Podcast knows that Borland is an American hero, but this guy is seriously playing out of their mind right now. Tackles can be misleading, but Borland ranks 48th in the league with 57 for the season. The insane part: He's played only 258 snaps. The closest player ahead of them on the list is Nigel Bradham, who has six more tackles on 181 more snaps. It's not as if Borland's racking up tackles seven yards past the line of scrimmage, either. According to Pro Football Focus, he's getting a run stop on 19.8 percent of their snaps. No one else in football is even at 15 percent. The guy can play.
Losers
Eli Manning
Elsa/Getty Images
Poor Eli. It feels like we're due for one of these a year — only this installment was made worse by the last of their five picks coming with the Giants near the goal line, somehow still with a chance to win.
Not all of the picks were Manning's fault — as is normally the case when a quarterback throws five — which shifts much of the worry from Eli to the Giants offense as a whole. Over New York's five-game losing streak, the team has failed to top 24 points in any game. Manning ranks 21st in QBR over that stretch, and when it comes to yards per play, the Giants are 19th — one spot lower than the Jaguars. Only the Titans and Rams are producing fewer expected points per play. The promise of that touchdown-happy early-season stretch for Ben McAdoo's offense seems like it happened years ago.
The Saints
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Apparently, the cure for Andy Dalton's woes — like I'm assuming it is for most people — is a trip to New Orleans. Dalton threw three touchdowns on 10 yards per attempt, and Jeremy Hill ran all over the Saints in Cincinnati's 27-10 win.
The defense in New Orleans has been offense-friendly for most of the season, but what was even more surprising yesterday is how much trouble the Saints had moving the ball against a Bengals defense that hasn't exactly been bulletproof. New Orleans averaged just 2.9 yards per carry against a run defense that ranked last in rushing DVOA coming into the game. The loss drops the Saints to 4-6, which miraculously still has them tied atop the division (although the Falcons hold the tiebreaker). We should probably extend Bugs Bunny's thoughts on Florida to the entire NFC South.
The Colts Running Game
While we're on miserable games against porous run defenses, let's talk about Indianapolis. New England's inability to slow down opposing rushers has been its most crippling weakness both this year — when the team has ranked 26th in run-defense DVOA — and last. The Colts aren't the Mike Shanahan–era Broncos when it comes to the ground game by any stretch, but I thought their running backs could manage better than 0.28 yards per carry last night. That's an average of 10.28 inches.
To compound the problem, it appears that Ahmad Bradshaw broke their ankle in the loss, leaving the Colts running game to rely on the plodding legs of Trent Richardson, who would have killed for 10 inches a carry last night. Save us, Boom Herron. You're our only hope.
The Broncos Offense
Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images
A few weeks from now, maybe we'll realize that the Rams have the type of unit we all figured they might before the season began and that they're the real winners here. But for now, I'll say that I'm not mad at the Broncos; I'm just disappointed.
Traditionally, blitzing Peyton Manning equates to writing your own death sentence, and no team in football sends more extra pressure than the Rams (46.3 percent of opponent dropbacks). St. Louis scaled that back a tiny bit Sunday, sending at least five pass-rushers 41.1 percent of the time — but when the Rams did so, Manning was kind of a mess. Their QBR on St. Louis blitzes was a drunk-in-a-Wendy's-parking-lot tally of 17 and change.
This could just be a blip for Denver — on the road, against a blitz-happy team that's played well lately — but it's a loss with major implications. New England now has control of the AFC, with what amounts to a two-game lead thanks to its win over Denver, and the Broncos are now tied with the Chiefs in the AFC West. One rough week for the Broncos turned into two. They can't afford a third.
Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir Abdollahian said that Tehran's protest over the incident was conveyed to the Saudi envoy.
They said the ambassador was also reminded of the obligations (of Saudi Arabia and its allies) to protect diplomats and diplomatic premises in Yemen.
Amir Abdollahian noted that a rocket hit an area in the vicinity of Iran's embassy in Sana'a on Monday morning, adding that the blast shattered the embassy's windows but neither the ambassador nor any other member of Iran's diplomatic mission was hurt .
They further underlined that Iran's embassy in Sana'a will continue its activities, adding that in case there is any incident that hampers the embassy's activities, Saudi Arabia, as the invader, will be held responsible.
On March 26, Saudi Arabia and its allies unleashed deadly air raids against Yemen in an attempt to restore power to fugitive Yemeni president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a close ally of Riyadh.
The air strikes have killed some 2,600 people, including women and children, and injured many more.
Tehran has frequently called for an end to the aggression, stressing that the Yemeni crisis can be settled only through political means.
In line with this approach, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in a letter to United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon on April 17 put forward Tehran's four-point proposal to restore peace to Yemen.
The plan includes intra-Yemeni dialogue, humanitarian aid, immediate ceasefire, and the formation of an inclusive government in the Arabian Peninsula country.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
After discovering similar vulnerabilities in the Model S last year, the Chinese security research firm Tencent Keen Security Lab have turned their attention to the Tesla Model X, and have been able to exploit these security holes to remotely do things to the Model X like open its doors, blink the lights, control in-car displays, and, most worryingly, actuate the brakes while the car is in motion.
What's especially notable is that after their demonstration of the Model S hacks in 2016, Tesla introduced a system of firmware code signing in an attempt to prevent future similar hacks; as Tencent Keen Labs just proved, those efforts just weren't good enough.
Sure, it was harder, but the research team broke through, and produced this video showing what they accomplished:
Some of what they managed was similar to what had been accomplished last year, just on the Model X and defeating the code signing security. Other things, like the bonkers light show set to music, are new, and show the degree of control they've managed to get over the car.
Advertisement
It's notable that the lights that blink on and off are controlled independently; this isn't just sending signals to blink an indicator or turn on the low-beams; each individual lighting sub-unit is controlled independently.
The team managed to get control over both the Model X's CAN bus (the overall internal network connecting the car's electronic systems) and the ECU, for lower-level control.
What we're seeing here will likely be the new normal in the future; a never-ending arms race between hackers and companies, with security protocols made and broken, over and over, until we evolve into beings of pure orgone energy or the heat death of the universe, whichever comes first.
Advertisement
UPDATE: A Tesla spokesperson reached out to provide this statement regarding the hack and related research:
Last Friday, we announced the return of Sunday PTQs at Grand Prix, and that the format for these PTQs would be dependent on the format for the Main Event of the Grand Prix. Based on feedback that we had received, we decided that asking players traveling to a Modern or Legacy Grand Prix test and bring two top-level competitive decks to play in both the PTQ and the Main Event created a worse experience than we wanted to offer. Additionally, from an Organized Play standpoint, we want our tournaments that are for the express purpose of qualifying a player for the Pro Tour to be of a format that players will actually play on the Pro Tour: Standard or Limited. Therefore, we decided that PTQs would be Standard for all Limited Grand Prix and Limited for all Constructed Grand Prix.
With these caveats in place, Tournament Organizers are free to choose the style of tournament that best suits their logistical needs: either a single tournament with a 226-player cap or a series of eight 32-player flights that culminates with a Top 8. Regardless of the style of tournament that the Tournament Organizer chooses to run, players are restricted to a single entry (no multiple flights) to give as many unique players as possible a chance to play in the PTQ. In addition, entry into the PTQ is non-transferrable.
You can use automated image optimization tools to compress your images. However, if you also take the time to manually optimize them, you can further improve your results. Here are five techniques for manually optimizing images.
Gaussian Blur JPEG Optimization
Gaussian blur softens the details of an image. In photo-editing, it's typically used to enhance a photo's quality or to give it an interesting visual effect.
However, if you only introduce a small amount of Gaussian blur to a photo — an amount that doesn't alter its visual fidelity too much — you can lower its file size.
Demonstration
The following image is 60.9 KB:
We'll open the image in Photoshop and then we will apply Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur.
We then increase the Radius option until it starts to noticeably reduce the sharpness of the image. When then choose a value that's visually acceptable to us.
After applying the Gaussian Blur filter, we then save our image in the normal manner.
Here is the optimized image:
The optimized image is 58.7 KB — a 3.6% decrease in file size.
Image Posterization
Posterization allows us to lower the file size of an image without harming the perceived image quality too much. Posterization works by converting continuous color gradients into non-continuous segments that require fewer colors to render.
Demonstration
In this demo, I will use a PNG image from a freebie:
The PNG image above is 51.0 KB.
I opened the PNG image in Photoshop to posterize it.
To posterize the image, go to Image > Adjustments > Posterize. In the Posterize dialog window, check the Preview option to see your edits in real-time. Set the Levels option to the lowest possible value you can get away with.
For my example, at a Levels value less than 76, the perceived image quality degradation is no longer acceptable to me.
After applying the image adjustment, we then just save the PNG as we normally would.
Below is the optimized image:
Because I was very aggressive with the posterization, the optimized image is only 37.6 KB — a 26.3% decrease in file size.
Further Reading
Clever PNG Optimization Techniques — this article on Smashing Magazine goes into greater detail on how posterization works and covers other advanced image optimization tricks such as scanline filtering and dirty transparency
Most Effective Method to Reduce and Optimize PNG Images — this step-by-step tutorial shows you how to posterize images in Photoshop
Image Posterization — This article discusses the technical aspects of posterization
Pixel-fitting
Pixel-fitting is a useful technique for ensuring high-quality results for vector graphics that are converted to raster graphics.
Simple, non-photographic images such as icons and logos are best created as vector graphics because doing so allows us to scale them to different sizes without fidelity loss.
However, a problem often occurs when vector graphics are converted into static image formats (raster graphics) such as JPEG or PNG. When we use an image-editing software like Photoshop to automatically convert a vector graphic to a raster graphic, it tries to do its best to smooth out the edges — an automated process referred to as anti-aliasing.
The results of anti-aliasing varies. Often it leads to poor-quality results. In order to enhance the quality of the graphic, we can manually edit the pixels to make sure they fit inside the pixel grid. This is called pixel-fitting (or pixel hinting).
Source: dcurt.is
Using an image editor such as Photoshop, you can zoom into the vector graphic and then manually move its vector paths a bit until they fit perfectly inside the pixel grid before you save the vector as a raster:
Pixel-fitting only works for straight lines so you will have to rely on anti-aliasing to display curves.
Further Reading on Pixel-fitting
8-pixel Grid JPEG Optimization
I came across this trick from Smashing Magazine's article called Clever JPEG Optimization Techniques. In the same article, you will also find other useful tricks for optimizing JPEGs.
A JPEG image is divided into 8x8px blocks, and each block can be treated as its own entity.
By carefully aligning parts of the image within the 8x8px grid you can lower the file size of the image as well as get better image-quality results.
To demonstrate: I created two identical 8x8px square objects that I then saved in JPEG using a very high compression level (to make the difference more pronounced). The top square is not aligned inside the 8x8px grid.
Notice the quality difference and the extra pixels that are rendered for the one that isn't aligned to the 8x8px grid.
This optimization trick is useful for JPEG images containing rectangular objects because you can easily fit them in a grid.
Further Reading
JPEG optimization. Part 1 — Sergey Chikuyonok (author of the Smashing Magazine article mentioned above) discusses the 8x8px JPEG concept in this tutorial
Selective JPEG Compression
The way typical JPEG compression works is a fixed level of compression is applied to the entire image.
In selective JPEG compression, we manually specify different compression levels for different areas of the image.
For example, we might want important areas of a photo to have a lower level of compression/higher-quality because we want to ensure that those areas look good. But then for other parts of the same image, like the photo's background and low-detailed sections, we might be able to get away with a higher level of compression/lower-quality.
Demonstration
Selective JPEG compression can be done using Adobe Fireworks.
The photo below is compressed at a quality level of 80. Its file size is 54.0 KB.
Looking at the original photo, it appears that we use selective image compression, particularly by increasing the compression/lowering the quality of the blue sky in the background and most of the black wires.
In Adobe Fireworks, we can mask the areas we want to protect. The masked area will have a higher quality level (80)/lower image compression. The rest of the image — the parts that are not masked — will get a lower quality level (60)/higher image compression.
We can use one of the Lasso tools (in my case, I used the Polygon Lasso tool) to place a marquee selection around parts we want to protect.
Once you are done selecting around the high-quality areas, go to Modify > Selective JPEG > Save Selection as JPEG Mask.
The parts of the image that will have a quality level of 80 will now be highlighted:
In the Optimize panel, lower the Quality option to 60 and set the Selective quality option to 80. (If you can't see the Optimize panel, make sure Window > Optimize is checked.)
Then just go to File > Save as to save the original image as a JPEG.
The image shown below uses selective compression. It's 50.2 KB – a 7.0% decrease in file size versus the non-selective compression I showed you earlier.
You will have to play around with the selective compression settings and masking in order to get your desired results. In the case example above, detail-oriented folks will notice a huge difference between the two images. However, the results of the optimization might be alright under most people's standards.
Selective JPEG compression is very time-consuming and the file size reduction is only slight in most instances. It's impractical if you're dealing with a lot of photos. However, if you are really concerned about optimizing image quality and image file size, this is one option.
Further Reading
Selectively compressing areas of an image — an old tutorial on Adobe.com detailing the steps for selective image compression using Fireworks
Conclusion
There are simpler ways to optimize an image. Just using automated tools such as Photoshop's Save for Web & Devices command and lossless compression tools like Smush.it can greatly reduce your image file sizes.
However, if you're looking for finer image optimization control and even more file size reductions, try out the tricks above. An ideal workflow would be to use a lossless compression tool like Kraken.io or Smush.it, which will remove a big chunk of your image's file size without affecting its quality. And then you can use the appropriate tricks discussed above to fine-tune your results.
Related Content
You just had a competition. You smashed weight, you feel confident, you want to continue training hard, and you're seemingly ready to jump into another meet. However, you understand the following: your nervous system is shot, your muscles are tired, your body is desperate for recovery, and quite honestly, you could use a burger or a beer. So what's next? How do you remain on top of your game when you are months out from your next meet?
Sure, your passion and drive will move you for a while, but soon enough you will feel the stress and fatigue of training. Not going anywhere near your maxes will frustrate you and confuse you. You must trust in your coach, yourself, and your program, all with the uncertainty of whether or not you will see results and find success. Outlined below are a few key points to help you remain under control, driven, and focused months out from your next comp.
1. Create smaller, attainable goals.
If you've ever been in business or education, you already know this. SMART goals: Specific, measurable, achievable, realistic, and timely. Sure, it's great to shoot for the stars and say, “in X amount of time from now, I will be able to do A, B, and C.” But how are you ensuring you're getting there? If you have no short term goals, you will not be able to measure your success throughout your program and you will not be mentally engaged in your lifts. Creating goals that are specific, measurable, and achievable is imperative to your programs success. For example, if your goal as a 145 lb. female is to squat 330 lb., you need to set goals on your front squats, pause squats, and back squats within your 6 week training cycle. If you do not have a realistic goal that challenges you but is attainable, you will not feel confident in your progress.
2. Find your routine.
We all know them: the yo-yo lifters. DO NOT be one. You are a monster, a future legend, and people look up to you. You cannot look at your program and determine that more days off is fine because you have more time. To ensure you are getting yourself to the gym, you must create a solid routine. I understand this is basic, but becoming great is not a one-time deal. You must live the lifestyle of your passion or you will not find the success you are aiming for. Delineate time and create a schedule that will help you get to the gym, to the doctor, the PT, the massage therapist, the grocery store, and will give you time to catch up on emails with your nutrition or strength coach. By creating these “appointments,” you are making sure you are 100% ready for training and recovery: the two main components for any successful athlete in the off-season.
3. Surround yourself with motivational people, and release yourself of the shitty ones.
This one is self-explanatory. If someone is not encouraging you and helping you reach your potential, they are most likely parasites that need to be extricated from your life. Surround yourself with people who will support you and push you to enjoy your training days and recovery days. This is a great time to seize the opportunity to travel to other gyms where you have powerlifting or weightlifting friends. Meet up with them, train, share advice, and learn a thing or two along the way. This might also be the time to delve a little more into social media. Near a meet, you should not be obsessing over Instagram posts or freaking out because your competitors just tested their maxes. However, months out of a meet, it is not a bad idea to catch up on competitors lifts, look for comps you can attend to watch others lift, or simply just look at what people in your weight class are doing to light that fire under your ass. Do whatever it takes to get you going mentally and keep you connected to the athletic community of which you are a member.
4. Focus on technical work.
The offseason is a crucial time for fixing technical errors in your lifts. Whether your issue is stability or mobility, this is the time to fix it. You must use the time off to analyze and critique yourself. Recording your lifts, watching them, and comparing them to competition lifts is essential to the betterment of your technique. By doing so, you can address weak points and identify strengths. Knowing and understanding both of these will help you build a stronger off-season program. Recently, I myself have identified a few issues that have to do with my spondy (spondylolysthesis – fractures in the vertebrae of the spine and sliding of the vertebrae). With the help of my coach, Ryan Gleason, and Chad Smith, I reached out to JTS's own, Dr. Quinn Henoch, and Northeastern Powerlifting Coach Zac Cooper to help me address these concerns. Their combined knowledge is helping me open up my hips, relieve my lumbar spine, and have a more stable, neutral back position (while also helping me get out of pain – yay!). You cannot get under the bar and fix these issues come competition day. It's like someone who always squats high in the gym and thinks they will go below parallel in comp. You won't. You're going to be high. If you always lift with bad form, you will continue to have bad form. Bad form means poor performance and lack of confidence. This can throw off your entire mental game for many meets to come. Practicing proper form and technique has to happen consistently, and especially in the off-season. By addressing these issues you can keep yourself focused on becoming better, and you will therefore be that much more excited to lift and train come peak cycle.
5. Assess your progress.
The final takeaway to maintain mental strength is to assess your progress. Take before and after photos. Keep a training log or journal. By having something to look forward to day in and day out, you will be keeping your brain on edge. This will also hold you accountable for your own training. Taking biweekly progress photos will help you stay motivated nutritionally, and keeping a training log will help you stay motivated physically. By writing down your exercises, sets, reps, what you ate, how you are feeling, how much you've slept, and what time of day you are training, you are allowing yourself to analyze your own biomechanics and progress in a very simplistic way. It also exposes how hard of a worker you truly are. If you know your workout should take roughly 1.5 hours, yet you're in the gym for 3, maybe you spent a little too much time taking gym selfies. For a more concrete example, think of those who train using RPE rather than more traditional, percentage-based means for training. If you are supposed to be hitting an RPE of 8.5 and you complete the lift, feeling like it was a 7, but stay at the same weight, you are really cheating yourself out of improvement. Being able to track your progress and analyze your own training can help you become more in tune with your training cycle and help you focus more on maximizing your off-season lifting. Even these minor and easy ways to assess your own progress can keep you on your toes, and help you peak your mental game in the off-season.
Related Articles
The Importance of the Off-Season
Maximize Your Off-Season
Getting the Most Out of Your Off-Season
Ewa Januszkiewicz was born in Goldap, Poland, and moved to the US at 5 years old. They attended Smith College, where they earned their B.A. in Neuroscience. After playing soccer at Smith, tearing both of their ACLs, and suffering a back injury, they pursued powerlifting and has since squatted 308, benched 154, and deadlifted 402 raw in competition. Ewa currently holds the American record in the squat and deadlift in the 63kg Junior class of the USAPL. Ewa is coached by Ryan Gleason of Gleason Performance Training in Derby, Connecticut. They serve as a Teach for America Corps member, where they teach high school Physics. During their downtime, Ewa enjoys spending time outdoors, perusing neighborhood restaurants with friends, and traveling.
IG: @ejanss
Twitter: @ejanss
Curse BlizzCon Party, Hearthstone World Championships Approaches, HS-Arena Invitational
Hallow's End Event, NA Lag Issues, Epic Plays of the Week #50, Curse Party at Blizzcon
Curse Blizzcon Party, Valor and Crafted Items, Engineering Panel, Voice Chat, eSports
Season 4 Gearing Cheat Sheet
Furial has put together an in depth cheat sheet for gearing up with all classes in Season 4. It highlights the more important items for each type of build popular in the meta, along with the preferred stats for each of those items. Check it out!
MHM Progression Series - WD GR 60
MeatHeadMikhail has a series of progression videos where they go over how each class evolves as they find better gear, and how much further each upgrade allows them to push.
In a recent one, they clear a GR 60 with their Helltooth Witch Doctor, after finding a few gear upgrades. If you're still progressing with a specific class, check out the video playlists.
The vernal equinox has come and passed and with it the official start of spring is here in the northern hemisphere. Across the countryside Jane Magnolia trees have awoken. Their hundreds of fingers each cupping rose colored blooms like candles, as if they were so many tiny lavender hands offering up communion to the sun. Daffodils peer out of the hillside clearings like periscopes or perhaps yellow gramophones all playing a song of rebirth to call back the songbirds and honeybees. The energy sequestered in the root-balls and mycelium mats as the land went to sleep the last few months has begun surging upward, and it is hard to not feel it flowing through me as I walk my land taking stock of which fruit trees and berry bushes are producing buds. A good friend of mine, and mentor, once told me that I am doing well if I can establish two fruit trees per year. Looking at my spread of apple trees, it looks like I am on track to have done well in that regard. My partner does all of the work to care for our bee hive, and after donning their protective veil for a spring inspection, they reported to me that the hive is in great condition. I have heard it said that bees surviving the winter is what converts one from a bee-haver into a bee-keeper.
Our garden calls for much attention, and each week I spread a truck load of wood chips on the walking paths, which were first covered with flattened cardboard. Hopefully this effort will buy me a few years of relatively weed free walkways. Mint is returning with a vigor, and the strawberry leaves are vibrantly green. Kale, spinach, beets, and parsnips have been seeded, and I am keeping a keen eye for the first asparagus shoots. This year I have to grow significantly more food than I have in the past, as my partner is returning to work full time and I will be staying home during the week days with our daughter. In the short term we will have less money, but I will have more time to attend to tasks around the homestead. Walking through the garden brings me such a deep sense of calm as I talk to the plants and lose myself in my many tasks. Starting seeds is a great way to practice slowing oneself down, especially small seeds that tend to stick together like those of tomatoes and carrots.
I find myself happy as the sun tans my shoulders and a red tailed hawk cries from its nest somewhere high up in the trees behind me.
—
February was the warmest month in recorded history. The record it broke for such crowning glory had been set in December. February temperatures saw the Earth cross the two degrees centigrade above pre-industrial average barrier that has been established as a hard danger zone by climate scientists. It was an anomaly, for now, but one that is likely to rear itself again and again. The most dramatic warming has been in the Arctic, which bodes ill for jet stream patterns as well as summer sea ice coverage. Time will tell if we see our first ice free Arctic this summer. Somehow the magnitude of the crisis of climate change still seems to evade most general discourse despite the pomp and show of the electoral season now in bloom in the US. There are lots of grand promises being hurled at the public about bringing manufacturing jobs back stateside. If that is not the dictionary definition of cognitive dissonance then I do not know what is. Industrialism long ago set us on a crash course with calamity, and now that the calamity has begun to rain down upon the world in the form of mega droughts, fires, famines, and super-storms, those angling for positions of power are promising more industrialism.
Of course, it is not even a job in a factory per se that most Americans dwelling in the rust belt actually want, it is a secure living situation. They want their basic needs met in a way that does not leave them uncertain and wrecked by stress month after month. It is a culture of production organized and operated through the machinations of capitalism that requires that people work a job in order to have these needs met in such a satisfactory way. When politicians say “Jobs!” it has become a Pavlovian response for the middle, and formerly middle, classes to come salivating like starving dogs to desperately pull a lever in their favor. They forget that first the food, and the land, and the ability to provide for oneself had to be taken away before they could be forced to work jobs for these things. A great deprivation preceded the creation of job economies whereby everyone was made to punch a clock and become the automaton of some civilized production scheme in order to have enough to eat and a place to sleep at night. This deprivation now long forgotten, people have no memory of themselves as anything but workers, and so they beg for work.
Neo-liberal capitalism may be the dominant platform by which this scheme is globally enacted, but it is merely the software that operates on the hardware of the civilized model of human organization. It is key to recall that ecological decimation was the order of the day long before the advent of capitalism. Forests had been clear-cut from the Levant, through Greece and across Europe and the UK as civilization marched across the ancient world, slashing and burning its path to conquest and dominion over greater and greater expanses of the Earth. This pattern was repeated globally where ever civilizations formed. The Maya deforested the jungles of the Yucatan Peninsula long before Europeans brought their particular version of civilization to the continent and eventually ran head first into the consequences of such short sighted actions. The Aztecs, who may have created one of the more arguably “sustainable” cities in Tenochtitlan, did so on the backbone of war, expansion, tribute, slavery, and human sacrifice. Sure, they recycled their human excrement for crop fertilizer in their Chinampas, but they also relied on the growth of the territory that they dominated through blood shed. Food, firewood, and other material goods flowed into the city from outlying tribute towns where common people had to work to not only provide for themselves, but to pay a quarterly tribute to the city center of the empire.
Such is the way with cities. Goods and raw materials flow in and waste flows out. Cities harvest the natural wealth of outlying areas, and this model is now global, with powerful nations harvesting the material wealth of poor nations. No matter how desperately people may want to believe in the idea of the “sustainable city,” it is a contradiction of terms. Austin, Texas proclaims itself “America's most sustainable city,” yet every day truckloads of food make deliveries while truck loads of garbage and waste are removed. The city depends on dammed lakes off the lower Colorado river for water which will one day fail to support the city's growing population, and which in the present deprive down stream communities. According to 2010 data, households in Austin spent the most money on gasoline relative to other American cities. And Austin continues to grow, to cover more of the land in concrete preventing the recharging of the Edward's Aquifer and demanding more energy for cooling as the city can have over one-hundred days in a year that breach one-hundred degrees fahrenheit.
A recent study calculated how much food the city of Seattle could produce based on how much solar radiation falls on its potentially farmable locations, including parks, rooftops, and yards. Even selecting crops that grow well in Seattle's climate conditions the study's authors determined that the city could provide only one percent of its food needs. If the streets and sidewalks were ripped up, the number could rise to two or three percent, but the city would lose functionality. After all, even if day to day travel was carried out on foot or on bicycle, deliveries with diesel powered semi-trucks would still be necessary for everything the city's inhabitants required, from clothes, to air conditioners, to building materials, and of course, the other ninety-eight percent of the food they could not produce for themselves.
Sustainable living and cities are not compatible. This is not a matter of ideology. This is a matter of hard material reality, and suggestions that somehow 3D printing or vertical farms or a population fed a steady diet of algae shakes will be just the miracle we need to upend hard material constraints are at best, petulant whimpers of those who have become accustomed the vast wealth of selection that living in a first-world city provides, or at worst, Kubler-Ross stage three bargaining, hoping that somehow, by some stretch of compromise we can sustain the unsustainable.
But we can't. Not without expansion. Not without tribute. Not without an exploitative power dynamic and flows of violence that may or may not be visible from the comfortable confines.
—
Hot coffee is a miracle, or damn near one. Every morning millions of Americans have a cup or two of hot coffee, the beans of which were grown in Columbia, or Ethiopia, or Hawaii. Maybe those Americans have tea grown in India or a banana grown in Peru. They pull on shoes made in Vietnam and perhaps ride their bicycle made with bauxite mined in Australia on a road paved with bitumen from Alberta. Perhaps these Americans stop off at a local food co-op or farmer's market where they purchase some locally grown kale. They take pictures of the fresh eggs at the market with their iPhone which has a slew of globally sourced components buried within it, and they post this photo online with the help of a network of satellites and tag it with some cute caption about sustainability.
When the average American city dweller thinks about urban living, they likely think of the comedy clubs, the used book stores, the fusion restaurants, or the bars. They fail to think about the global hegemony of the United States military and how a worldwide network of bases has laid the foundation for dollar dominance. Most of the American or European or Australian or Canadian city dwellers who stammer on about generating green, sustainable cities are not picturing the mega-cities of the world like Dakha or Rio de Janeiro. Millions of children living in the squalor of slums and favelas, tin roofed shacks and human waste littering the streets and waterways are not what the white first worlders are picturing in their minds when they declare the supremacy of urban existence. Even the relatively lucky people in Hong Kong or Manila live in crammed, small apartments set inside concrete towers that resemble prisons more than anything else.
The wealth extracted from around the planet by western powers over the course of centuries, a process which went into overdrive in the twentieth century, has absolutely skewed the perceptions of those average citizens who reside within these conquistador nations. Like Tenochtitlan, the US and its neo-liberal capitalist crony nations exact tribute from the global poor. We may not adorn ourselves in exotic feathers and obsidian jewelry, but our sneakers and our jeans and our lattes and our cellphones will never be sustainably sourced and manufactured within the footprint of our home city limits. It is just not possible. We can have civilization, or we can have a livable planet, but we cannot have both.
—
Phosphorous leaches from agricultural and manufacturing sources into waterways. Eventually it alters the chemistry of these waterways creating the conditions that support toxic algae blooms. Power plants are often built along waterways. Coal fired plants have been using rivers such as the Ohio as a waste dump for decades. Radioactive tritium has been leaching into the groundwater from the Indian Point nuclear plant in New York, and the leak is getting worse. The Turkey Point nuclear power facility is leaking waste into Biscayne Bay just outside of Miami.
Often when I discuss the destruction wrought by civilized existence, the first critique hurled in my direction is that, “We cannot go back.” On this point, I agree. We cannot go back because civilization has greatly destroyed the ability of so many natural systems to harbor life. Industrial civilization will decay and fracture in the coming decades and centuries. I do not know how this process will play out or how long it will take to complete, but I feel that I could safely suggest that several generations from now the people who are making new ways of living will curse the stupidity and greed of those who poisoned the water. They will wonder what demons possessed our hearts with such a dark poison that we could so callously wipe out the other living beings who we rely on for survival.
In the dry wastes a young girl will dig for tubers amongst a backdrop of drought ravaged trees and the charcoal remains of those that burned in the previous season. Seeking a nourishing root they find the bric a brac of our brain dead culture; a plastic fork, a beer can, rubber testicles that once swung from a pick-up truck's trailer hitch. Yee haw.
Them family boils caught rainwater unaware that it contains heavy metals which will be responsible for some of their eventual deaths. They will laugh, as people do, and they will tell cautionary tales about a long ago world in which people set the sky on fire.
Whatever gods there may be forgiven us. We were drunk on oil and pictures of ourselves. We really wanted good jobs.
Advertisements
Taipei may not be the first place that comes to mind when you think of street art culture, but be prepared to be pleasantly surprised. In Taipei street art—and better yet, good street art—is easy to come by. The capital of the island country of Taiwan is rife with large and small scale street art.
The first place to start is in Ximen, Taipei's touristy pop culture hub. But that's not the only place one should look to see Taipei street art. Shida, Daan, and Gongguan are a few areas you may see some beautiful spray painted walls. But really, all you have to do is walk with your eyes open. In doing so, you're bound to cross paths with artistic expression for public consumption.
Taiwan Street Art – Start with Shop Shutters
Many shops in Taipei enlist street artists to paint their shutters. If you're really interested in Taipei street art, then an early morning walk before the shops open and the shutters go up is a must.
The many styles of Taipei street art
To start, you'll definitely see a lot of cartoon-like streets. It's sometimes shocking, but almost always fun.
A post shared by CH (@reesie9) on Dec 19, 2016 at 3:23pm PST
Graffiti artists travel from other countries to transform this concrete urban sprawl into a public art exhibition.
A post shared by Sheryo & Yok 🌴 (@_sheryo) on Oct 23, 2016 at 8:43pm PDT
While traditional street graffiti has a definite role in making this city what it is, Taipei street art goes much beyond that. Take these murals for example, each with their own distinctive styles.
A post shared by LA (@lala_land53) on Apr 5, 2017 at 11:37am PDT
This tropical rain forest is painted on the side of a bathroom.
<blockquote class=”instagram-media” data-instgrm-version=”7″ style=” background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% – 2px); width:calc(100% – 2px);”><div style=”padding:8px;”> <div style=” background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;”> <div style=” background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;”></div></div><p style=” color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;”><a href=”https://www.instagram.com/p/BGTOHy8Mkmt/” style=” color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;” target=”_blank”>A post shared by Jean Latiere (@jeanlatiere)</a> on <time style=” font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;” datetime=”2016-06-06T04:53:35+00:00″>Jun 5, 2016 at 9:53pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote> <script async defer src=”//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js”></script> A post shared by Catsverige (@catsverige) on Jun 5, 2017 at 4:44pm PDT
Also, large scale murals that take on sometimes shocking subject matters seem to be embraced by the city.
A post shared by Jean Latiere (@jeanlatiere) on Jun 5, 2016 at 9:53pm PDT
In Taipei, artists turn eyesore buildings into perplexing pieces of art.
A post shared by @alssla2 on Apr 27, 2016 at 5:31am PDT
Share some of your street art finds from Taipei and beyond by tagging Mezzanine on Instagram.
Sometimes it is important to analyze what's going on during the start up of the service. Attaching to the process does not help here, because you are not quick enough to attach the debugger while the service is starting up.
The short answer is, I am using the following 4 lines of code to do this:
#if DEBUG base.RequestAdditionalTime(600000); // 600*1000ms = 10 minutes timeout Debugger.Launch(); // launch and attach debugger #endif
These are inserted into the OnStart method of the service as follows:
protected override void OnStart(string[] args) { #if DEBUG base.RequestAdditionalTime(600000); // 10 minutes timeout for startup Debugger.Launch(); // launch and attach debugger #endif MyInitOnstart(); // my individual initialization code for the service // allow the base class to perform any work it needs to do base.OnStart(args); }
For those who haven't done it before, I have included detailed hints below, because you can easily get stuck. The following hints refer to Windows 7x64 and Visual Studio 2010 Team Edition, but should be valid for other environments, too.
Important: Deploy the service in "manual" mode (using either the InstallUtil utility from the VS command prompt or run a service installer project you have prepared). Open Visual Studio before you start the service and load the solution containing the service's source code - set up additional breakpoints as you require them in Visual Studio - then start the service via the Service Control Panel.
Because of the Debugger.Launch code, this will cause a dialog "An unhandled Microsoft .NET Framework exception occured in Servicename.exe." to appear. Click Yes, debug Servicename.exe as shown in the screenshot:
Afterwards, escpecially in Windows 7 UAC might prompt you to enter admin credentials. Enter them and proceed with Yes :
After that, the well known Visual Studio Just-In-Time Debugger window appears. It asks you if you want to debug using the delected debugger. Before you click Yes , select that you don't want to open a new instance (2nd option) - a new instance would not be helpful here, because the source code wouldn't be displayed. So you select the Visual Studio instance you've opened earlier instead:
After you have clicked Yes , after a while Visual Studio will show the yellow arrow right in the line where the Debugger.Launch statement is and you are able to debug your code (method MyInitOnStart , which contains your initialization).
Pressing F5 continues execution immediately, until the next breakpoint you have prepared is reached.
Hint: To keep the service running, select Debug -> Detach all. This allows you to run a client communicating with the service after it started up correctly and you're finished debugging the startup code. If you press Shift + F5 (stop debugging), this will terminate the service. Instead of doing this, you should use the Service Control Panel to stop it.
Note that
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLLEGE POINT, Queens — A Queens man came home to a nasty surprise Friday: two armed men in their living room.
The 47-year old man walked into their home near the intersection of 12th Avenue and 120th Street in College Point on Friday evening and found two men in their living room, police officials said.
One of the men pointed a black firearm at the victim and demanded they leave, police said. The 47-year-old man ran to a neighbor's house and called the police.
Officers rushed to the scene, but the two men had already fled. No one was injured during the break in.
Police described both men as being about 5 feet 10 inches tall. The NYPD has asked for help identifying the two men.
Submit tips to police by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477), visiting www.nypdcrimestoppers.com, or texting 274637 (CRIMES) then entering TIP577. Spanish-speaking callers are asked to dial 1-888-57-PISTA (74782).
Image caption Mr Gove is to follow the Welsh government's lead and examine claims against the CES
Education Secretary Michael Gove is to examine claims the Catholic Education Service (CES) broke impartiality rules on the topic of gay marriage.
It emerged this week that the CES wrote to nearly 400 state-funded Roman Catholic schools inviting them to back a petition against gay civil marriage.
Schools and teachers are forbidden to promote one-sided political arguments.
The CES has denied breaking any laws, saying Catholic views on marriage are religious, not political.
On Thursday, the Welsh government said it was to investigate similar complaints against the CES.
"Schools have a responsibility under law to ensure children are insulated from political activity and campaigning in the classroom," said a Department for Education spokesperson.
"While faith schools, rightly, have the freedom to teach about sexual relations and marriage in the context of their own religion, that should not extend to political campaigning.
"Officials are looking into this as ministers are anxious to establish the full facts of this case and will be meeting representatives of the CES shortly."
Earlier this week, Pinknews.co.uk reported that students at St Philomena's Catholic High School for Girls in Carshalton were "encouraged" to sign the "anti-equality pledge" by the school's principal.
"In our assembly for the whole sixth form you could feel people bristling as they explained parts of the letter and encouraged us to sign the petition," a pupil was quoted as saying.
"She said things about gay marriage and civil partnerships being unnatural. It was just a really outdated, misjudged and heavily biased presentation."
In March, the Catholic Church in England and Wales set out its opposition to gay marriage in a letter which was read out or handed out at Sunday Masses. It was also circulated to Catholic secondary schools.
"The letter is a positive affirmation of marriage, as is the Coalition for Marriage (CFM)'s online petition," said a CES statement.
"As the letter says, Catholics believe that 'marriage is a high and noble vocation'. We reject the suggestion that Catholic schools have acted illegally. The Equality Act 2010 applies to all schools and we are fully supportive of the Act.
"It is central to Catholic teaching that all individuals should be treated with respect and dignity.
"Catholic state schools have always been permitted by law to teach matters relating to sex and relationships education, including the importance of marriage, in accordance with the teaching of the Catholic Church."
The CFM online petition has more than 470,000 signatures.
CES says it is only intended to be signed by people over the age of 16, and the age restriction would be stressed in any future correspondence with schools.
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
A US president is again choosing to meet the Dalai Lama despite Chinese opposition. But why is this Tibetan spiritual and political leader such a popular figure in the West? To the Chinese government and to many of its people they are an inciter of violence and a defender of a brutal, backward, feudalistic, theocratic society. But to many politicians and people in the West, the Dalai Lama is a kind of smiling, spiritual and political superhero. Their monastic robes, beaming countenance and squarish, unfashionable glasses are the stuff of a thousand photo opportunities. To some they are in a league of international personalities that contains only one other person - Nelson Mandela. DALAI LAMA - KEY EVENTS Born Tenzin Gyatso in 1935 Designated 14th incarnation of the Dalai Lama in 1937 Enthroned in 1940, but their rights exercised by regency until 1950 - the year Chinese troops entered Tibet Forced into permanent exile in 1959 after China's suppression of Tibetan national uprising Settled with other Tibetan refugees at Dharamsala, northern India Has since refused to return to Tibet Awarded Nobel Peace Prize in 1989  They are well-known for their contact with Hollywood supporters like Richard Gere and Steven Segal. Those who have met them describe an intense personal charisma. There is a "wonderful smiling face, cherubic looks, the infectious laugh" says Alexander Norman, who co-operated with the Dalai Lama on their autobiography as well as several other works after first meeting them in 1988. It is hard to escape the idea that the Dalai Lama is perceived almost as an avuncular "Santa Claus" figure by some, says Dr Nathan Hill, senior lecturer in Tibetan at the School of Oriental and African Studies. "He is very photogenic. In the West we like stars.  They are an extremely engaging person, and an extremely smart man. I find them extremely savvy politically, very forward looking." There are many in the West who are seeking an unthreatening spiritual boost in an age of materialism, suggests Norman, who recently wrote The Secret Lives of the Dalai Lama. "There is a huge desire in the secular West a hunger for something other than the benefits that modern industrial society can supply." Search on Amazon for the Dalai Lama's books and you see long lists of spiritual and self-help tracts. "He is unstained by the world [to some readers]," says Dr Hill. "You want to read their books in order to find enlightenment yourself." Tibetan mystique And the appreciation of the Dalai Lama taps into some older Western ideas about Tibet as a remote Shangri-La. "Tibet had a policy from 1792-1903 not to allow Westerners into the country," says Dr Hill. "That fostered a mystique. We have this nation that was almost completely closed to white people. Friend to the stars, including Hollywood actor and Buddhist Richard Gere "When you start to get more information you get the notion of Tibet as a mystical hidden land of magic and wonder. It is a kind of product of European adventure travel literature." There is a sense that the Dalai Lama is politically extrapolated in a way that may not be totally grounded in reality. "He is a sort of pin-up boy for a lot of movements - the animal rights movement, religious syncretism," says Norman. "There is a lot of wishful thinking that goes on in connection with the Dalai Lama." Western confusion over the Dalai Lama is best illustrated by the attempts to analyse their position on gay rights. They have expressed an aversion to gay sex, and even oral sex among heterosexual couples, and yet at other times has taken a more nuanced line, says Norman. "He will say it's your choice, it's up to people's own conscience.  They are very conscious of not giving people offence." There is criticism of them from some Tibetan exiles for sticking to a moderate, non-violent stance, says Norman. There has also been criticism from religious opponents who say they have wrongly proscribed worship of a deity called Shugden. Starry-eyed admirers "Among exiles there is an increasingly vocal minority that opposes him, but it's a small minority," says Robert Barnett, director of Modern Tibetan Studies at Columbia University. The Dalai Lama is a wolf wrapped in a habit, a monster with human face and animal's heart
Widely reported translation of comments by Zhang Qingli, the Communist Party Secretary in Tibet "Inside Tibet there is near universal admiration for him, and for their attempts to get a non-violent solution." There is discussion about whether the Dalai Lama and their colleagues paint an accurate picture of Tibet before the Chinese intervention in 1950, or whether any mythology is the invention of Western admirers. There is even a belief among some starry-eyed admirers in a pre-1950 Tibet where "women enjoyed equal rights and everyone was in harmony with the environment", says Dr Hill. But the blame for any mythologising cannot be laid entirely at the door of the Dalai Lama, says Norman. "On the one hand you could accuse them of peddling an unrealistic picture of what Tibet was actually like. On the other hand Tibetans genuinely think of their country in those terms - this romantic image." Chinese criticism of the Dalai Lama, while predominantly concerned with the idea that Tibet is historically part of China, also lambasts the idea of a pre-1950 Shangri-La and focuses on serfdom, and poor living conditions. "The Dalai Lama has been one of the harshest critics of 'old Tibet'," says Donald Lopez, Professor of Buddhist and Tibetan Studies at the University of Michigan. Cup of tea diplomacy "He is not a purveyor of the Shangri-La Syndrome. There is evidence that they would have introduced political reforms if the Chinese had not invaded." Unafraid to see the funny side of themselves And the idea that the Westerners who venerate the Dalai Lama are unaware of the complexities of the Tibet Question is false, despite it being "very fashionable" says Prof Barnett. Tibet's place at the junction of three nuclear powers and with a key part in the world's water supply will always make the Tibet Question more than a Western liberal hobby horse. There is a clear rationale for the political leaders who meet them despite Chinese pressure. For those who feel uncomfortable about Chinese human rights abuses it is a chance to irritate China without risking a full-on diplomatic incident. "[The Dalai Lama] is an ideal opportunity for them, because as a political leader, they ask for very little - they seem quite happy to accept a merely symbolic gesture like a cup of tea and a photo," says Prof Barnett. "The more China complains, the more Western leaders look strong and principled when they meet him." It is perhaps understandable that they have met every serving US president since 1991. But to ordinary people, whether right or wrong, the Dalai Lama's box office appeal is more about the charisma of the man and the ideas that they believe they are sympathetic to. As Norman notes their Western fans see a "secular saint" or a "politically correct god for a godless world". Below is a selection of your comments Your article makes it sound like the Dalai Lama is popular because of clever PR. You seem to forget that they are the legitimate ruler of Tibet, deposed by the expansionist and militaristic policies of the Chinese government, and that before the occupation, Tibetans were not subject to torture, random arrests, disappearances, and complete curtailment of all rights to free speech, assembly, or legitimate political representation. Maybe the fact that the Dalai Lama represents truth and freedom, as opposed to lies and oppression, is the reason why they are popular.
Dominic Bradley, Sheffield, England The Dalai Lama is essentially a dictator who uses religion as a front in their quest to reinstate a system whereby the vast majority of people live in abstract poverty and are forced to give most of what little they have to the monasteries and monks who rule through religious indoctrination and violence. Just because China is a bigger and more powerful oppressor doesn't excuse the Dalai Lama in any way, and it's pathetic to see the usual ignorant, rich, western do-gooders crowd round them because their own lives are so empty they will fall for any kind of spiritualist mumbo-jumbo.
Bluenose, London We like the Dalai Lama because they preach compassion and believes it does not matter what your religion is as long as you follow the truth with an open mind. I met them for about an hour with 12 other people in 1981 and they were funny, understanding, knowledgeable and just great fun to be with.
Andrew Failes, Petersburg, USA Buddhism is not a monotheistic religion like Christianity, Judaism or Islam and the DL is not seen as a prophet or god's representative on Earth.  They are just a man who found themselves placed in the position of guardian of a spiritual philosophy which places each man and woman as the creator of their own karma, responsible to themselves and those around them. Their "religion" is based entirely on humility, kindness and compassion without needing to reference the words of some supposedly almighty, judgemental entity.
Ross Rebbeck, Teignmouth, Devon, UK The answer to your question is: throughout Chinese history we know that the West will do anything that will harm the integrity of the Chinese nation. Western countries and leaders will always act together to weaken China. This is just another instance of western destructive tendency towards China.
Winston, Scotland We love Their Holiness because in the world full of hatred mongers and jingoists, they are a rare voice of peaceful right of freedom. They have nurtured modernity in a tradition-driven religious order. They have never spewed vitriol against the grave injustices done by the draconian and despotic Chinese regime. Those of us who have had the luxury of witnessing their presence know the shear radiance of their face, innocence of their hapless smile, and balminess of their voice of reason.  They are the last beacon of hope against our cowardice to stand up to hegemony and tyranny of an opportunist, oppressive state that continues to thrive amidst our collective greed manipulated by market capitalism.
Sanjay Mishra, Nashville, TN (USA) I sincerely have to thank the Dalai Lama for their writings and wisdom. In times of deep confusion and unhappiness, their writings led me to find my way back to being a more rational, balanced and happier human being who can appreciate things in life many people may find insignificant. I have deep respect for the Dalai Lama and their wisdom.
E Wallace, Lanark, Scotland/UK The West is scared of China and this article proves it. You have trivialised their dedication and courage in taking on the biggest bully in world by concentrating on their personal appeal and smartness. Their admiration of Dalai Lama is just to hide their fear of China - by showing admiration for the Dalai Lama, they sort of tease the bully and run. They are afraid of opposing China on any issue be it democracy or support of Sudan/Iran/N Korea or any other renegade regime that may require support and provide benefits to China.
Arun, Dehradun, India I do not trust this man who "seems quite happy to accept a merely symbolic gesture like a cup of tea and a photo."  They are and has been in direct league with some seriously bad people.
Louise, Holyoke MA USA Everyone loves an underdog....especially a non-violent, smiling and charismatic one. It makes it even more so if China, a powerful communist country, is the local bully.
Sriram, India
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“Fahrenheit 451 Lunch” by Suzanne Goyette
Score: 94.
“A sizzling presentation… coffee spoon on saucer is appreciated.”
***
If you're not familiar with the art of tablescaping, then you're not familiar with our future First Lady of The New World Order, Sandra Lee. They host the best television show — no, seriously, I will fight anyone on this fact — Semi-Homemade Cooking With Sandra Lee, and dates New York governor, Andrew Cuomo. They made this insane cake once, their eyelids go half-mast every time they sip one of their signature cocktails (usually made with five parts Hpnotiq or vanilla “vaka”, two parts something else), and they close each episode with a “tablescape.” It is not a real word! It's not even a proper portmanteau, if you ask me. Table and landscape? That would involve foliage and a water feature; theirs are themed, but typically made up of a table cloth, napkin rings, chargers, place cards and their holders, flowers, and a giant centerpiece or five. All just table stuff, but so over-the-top and expensive that no one watching at home would ever make their own, or so I thought…
Utter disbelief was followed by an urgency to pee when I stumbled upon a tablescape competition at the Los Angeles County Fair yesterday. There were no tablescapers around — judging must've happened this past weekend when the fair opened — but everything was still on display along with scorecards. Here are my faves, with scores out of a possible 100 and select notes from the judges. It was hard to find the proper names for all of them, so a few titles in quotes are best guesses.
“My Fair Lady” by Brandi Thomas
Score: 80
“Dessert fork is too large and facing the wrong way.”
“20,000 Leagues Under the Sea” by Brittany Olivieri
Score: 85 [Ed. — Robbed!]
“Rope legs are a great touch… Tea spoon should be on saucer and the tablecloth should be rectangular, not oval.”
“Candy Land” by Cathy Goyette [Ed. — a second Goyette in the house!]
Score: 75
“Who could eat the meal with all of this candy present.”
“Game of Thrones” by Patty Cass
Score: 90
“Serve ware carries the theme well.”
“Motocross Race Viewing Party” by Christel Schoenfelder
Score: 90
“For symmetry, a knife or spoon on the right side would be appropriate.”
“Gone With The Wind” by Bonnie Overman
Score: 100
“Makes you want to read the book again.”
***
https://medium.com/media/52c6f77ee9c0a4d5a937bea430401c52/href
And then, outside, the Axe Women Loggers of Maine were doing this.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all have keepsakes we treasure to remember special moments in our lives, from teddies to train tickets.
For Tracy Kiss, their labiaplasty surgery 10 months ago marked the end of a life of 'long-term suffering'.
And so, wanting to have something to remind them of this momentous occasion in their life, they asked their surgeon if they would be allowed to keep their severed labia minora or 'inner lips'.
The 29-year-old, from Buckinghamshire, likens it to keeping their children's milk teeth, locks of hair, their first babygros - and their silicone breast implants.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Tracy, a former glamour model and single mum-of-two, has suffered with pain and tenderness their whole life from their protruding labia - but they didn't realise anything was wrong because "nobody talks about it".
"As a result I'd missed out on so many hobbies and interests that I love and had to be mindful with tight clothing, exercise and intercourse because of the discomfort it caused simply because I didn't know anything could be done about it – I thought all women were just as tender as I," they writes in their blog .
After realising something could be done Tracy turned to surgery in December 2016, had their labia removed and changed their whole life.
Warning: You might need a strong stomach for the pictures below...
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
"I know that keeping body parts may not be to everybody's taste," Tracy explains.
"However my collection began when having children and finding my feet as a tooth fairy which led to me also keeping my silicone breast implants after an emergency breast reconstruction five years ago."
For a while, Tracy kept their labia "floating in a jar" on their kitchen dresser, but they didn't 'keep' as well as they had hoped.
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
"However with time the cut off tissue has discoloured from pink to a pale grey, crinkled up in the surgical fluid and turned curly which has made them less of a trophy and more of a Halloween accessory so I've been looking into ways to more effectively preserve them longterm."
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
Tracy started making crystal jewellery with their nine-year-old daughter, learning how to set resin effectively and practising by creating glittery necklace pendants and jewels.
Once they had perfected their craft, Tracy set about 'drying out' their labia on a makeshift washing line using Christmas card pegs, an ice cream box and cotton string - as they show in their video .
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
They applied several coats of textured, pearl-finish paint - red, to match their bold nails and lipstick - dried them with a hairdryer and then dusted them off with glitter.
Tracy then set the labia into resin using an oval-shaped mould and, voila, they had a necklace pendant ready.
The model and blogger shared their story to raise awareness about circumcision, in the hope that no other women suffer for so long the way they did.
(Image: Tracy Kiss)
They wrote: "My labia have been successfully preserved, are colourful, bright and cheerful and mark the end of my suffering; one step closer to breaking down the taboo of female circumcision through a unique talking point and bespoke jewellery that I will cherish forever."
You can read their full method and story on Tracy Kiss' website , watch their video on YouTube or follow Tracy on Facebook .
Four stowaways who were discovered last week inside a shipping container at the Port of Montreal have applied to remain in Canada as refugees.
The asylum seekers, who are from Georgia, appeared before the Immigration and Refugee Board on Monday and made their request.
A publication ban was placed on details that could reveal their identities or why they came to Canada.
The four men, ages 30 to 40, were suffering from dehydration when they were discovered last Thursday by a security guard who heard them calling for help. The stowaways had drilled holes in the top of the container and were waving a flag to attract attention.
“They were discovered haphazardly,”said Line Guibert-Wolff, a media relations officer with the IRB. “As a security agent was passing by, they heard voices and cries for help. They opened the container and saw that their health was compromised.”
The container had been set aside for inspection because it contained a vehicle that needed to be searched before it was allowed to enter the country.
The container ship arrived in Montreal on July 19 after leaving Hamburg, Germany on July 10. It made stops along the way on July 18 in Quebec City and Trois-Rivières before stopping in Montreal, according to Marine Traffic, a company that specializes in tracking vessels.
After the men were discovered, they were treated at Santa Cabrini Hospital for dehydration.
They will remain in custody until a detention review hearing on Friday morning. A judge could decide to release the men or further detain them for security reasons.
Background checks are being conducted to make sure the men don't have criminal records and to assess whether they would be a flight risk, Guibert-Wolff said.
During the hearing, two of the men spoke through a Georgian interpreter and told the judge they are not criminals. “They said they were satisfied that we would not find anything criminal about them,” Guibert-Wolff said. “They said they didn't want to go back to their country.”
The RCMP is conducting an investigation to determine whether anyone in Canada helped the men enter the country. “We are trying to find out if someone helped them to come in or was it on their own,” said Const. Erique Gasse, a media relations person with the force. “If they (were helped) by someone in another country, there is nothing we can do. But if they were helped by someone here in Canada, then we can do something.”
kwilton@postmedia.com
Hi everyone! My name's Rachel Binx, and I work as a Design Technologist on the Content Science & Algorithms team at Netflix. Our team is using data science to help the company make more informed decisions about content — choosing what licensed content we should add to the catalogue, and what original content we should produce.
Our team consists of 10 data scientists and myself. Before I joined, these data scientists would do the majority of their work in R or Python, and built their own interfaces on top of the models using Shiny, or basic HTML. There were several partner engineering teams who were tasked at turning these proof-of-concept models into a real application. The problem was, these other orgs didn't always have free time to tackle new projects. More importantly, the data scientists wanted to prove that their work was actually useful before the company devoted engineering resources.
So that's where I come in: my role is to prototype frontends to these models, test them with users, and iterate on the UX until we have something that is rock-solid. Then our engineering partners don't waste their time on experiments that won't work out, our users get a better product, and everyone's happy.
There is a clear organizational need for prototyping on my team, but I would argue that all engineering teams should prototype. Why's that?
Ok so this is meant to be a tad inflammatory. My point is that when you talk to someone about their process and their frustrations, all of those issues are very real, and you should take note. However, they probably also have ideas about how the workflow/interface/etc should be built differently, but they are probably wrong about that being the best solution. That's ok, though, because your first attempt at solving it will also be wrong.
To put it another way:
To be clear: I don't mean catastrophically wrong, I mean wrong as in “not perfect.” I've never seen any designer, or anyone, get 100% UI and UX on the first attempt. That's ok! That's why we prototype.
(Also: how freeing it is to know that you won't get it right on the first try!)
I think all product people have had the experience of building a tool exactly to spec, and then finding the customer unsatisfied with the end result. How frustrating! We can solve this problem by moving away from letting requirements define a project, and instead turning to user research.
To be clear: user research is not about asking people what they think you should build, or collecting a laundry list of feature requests. User research is observing the existing processes that people use to complete their task, identifying frustrations (pain points) and hypothesizing how to make the tool better.
Once you've collected your research, that's when the fun starts. It's important to remember, though, that prototyping is just one of a suite of approaches in designing the ideal product:
These three techniques are ordered in increasing fidelity, and roughly temporally, according to the phase of the project in which they are most often used. The linear order imposes a bit of a value judgement, though, and I prefer to think of them as 3 valuable techniques to complement one another.
To borrow from one of my favorite diagrams:
The above image was titled “why I don't wireframe much,” but I like how it lays out the relative strengths of each.
Paper Prototypes
Alright designers, so feel free to skip over this part and roll your eyes at us ignorant developers. Developers, let me tell you about paper prototypes.
So the idea of paper prototypes is literally the above image, where you draw out a UI and ask people to “navigate” through it by tapping their fingers on boxes. Then you, the prototyper, lays down another piece of paper on top to simulate the UI update.
I had not encountered paper prototypes, or at least this level of formality with sketches, until I was at JPL. I will be frank with you. I was horrified that we were planning to show spacecraft engineers drawings of UI and ask them to “click” by poking a drawing. I expected to be laughed out of the room.
However, the system work, hallelujah. I had the privilege of working with a very talented designer named Erin Murphy on this project, and below are their paper prototypes. Once the spacecraft engineers got over rolling their eyes at us and actually started playing along, we got results. And fast!
Some context: we were working on a better design to display spacecraft Event Records, or EVRs. Think of it like a bunch of console logs for spacecraft activity. They're used for monitoring health and investigating anomalies, and currently they had been displayed as a giant endless scrolling list of text. The list was important, yes, but we wanted to see if we could come up with a better way to provide information about the set of EVRs. We had a hypothesis that a histogram of EVRs, sorted by type (diagnostic, command, warning) would be helpful for the operators.
Erin drew the below histogram, and we were off to the races with testing.
My favorite part of that design is the “See More EVRs,” which is laughably simplistic. We had no idea how people would react to seeing the data in this format, or what they would want to do next. I love this button because it forces the user to respond to it and talk through what they wish it would do instead.
As you can see, the next iteration of this paper prototype had much more UI on it. We had time selectors, filter options, a legend, it was perfect! This sketch was pretty close to what we built in the final product:
Interactive Prototypes
Unfortunately, this is the part of the talk where I went through a number of case studies of interactive prototypes of my work at Netflix, none of which can be shared publicly. So… use your imagination 😉
The point of a prototype is to simulate how users will be interacting with the final version, and to find out if your sketches were a good idea! I try to get to this phase as quickly as possible, because I think that seeing real data in the interface will make it drastically easier to know which features to build. It also builds trust with your users — if you can show them the data that they are used to working with in your new tool, they will be much more engaged in providing feedback.
One more note on the importance of real data: It's human nature to have an idealized idea of the data when one starts the design process. The real dataset will almost always have some idiosyncratic patterns that don't work with your design process, which is why it's important to bring in real data as soon as possible. The two images above area meant to illustrate this with graph data — when designers draw a graph, it's almost always a curve like the one on the left: continuous and smooth. Tools for exploring and analyzing the yellow curve might not work for the three graphs on the right. (For the curious, those three graphs are cartoon versions of real NASA data: instruments on Cassini, SMAP, and MSL respectively.)
A common pitfall that I've seen in prototyping is the prototype creator spending too much time building out the prototype before showing it to anyone, worried that what they've built isn't substantial enough. My personal philosophy is that no prototype is too small, and even a tiny part of the UI can benefit from its own prototype and testing, before being absorbed into the larger prototype.
One last word about design — it takes a very small amount of visual styling to effectively test the interaction experience of a prototype. In fact, I would argue that an unstyled prototype is more effective than a styled one, because users intuitively think of the design as more malleable. I know some people who go so far as to use the default CSS styles on their prototypes! (I love me some bold Times New Roman) Visual polish suggests that the creator is emotionally invested in the UI — use at your peril!
Mockups/Invision
Mockups are probably the most familiar part of this workflow in engineering teams, so I won't spend much time on them. I do want to give a quick shout out to Invision, which is a tool for generating click-prototypes with mockup states.
With the help of a talented visual designer, these mockups will look gorgeous. However, I would personally avoid them until you have your UX rock-solid. Too much design polish causes people to think that the designs are set in stone. They are great, however, for confirming how the final product should work with an engineering team!
At Last, User Testing
User tests are always nerve-wracking for me — it's hard to put your work out in the open and discover its flaws!
The most important part of a user test is to not start the meeting by explaining why you built the tool the way you did. Instead, put your prototype in front of the user, and ask them to complete some task with the UI. It can be a real nail-biter when they get stuck on a task, but that confusion is the most instructive part of a user test.
So that's the process that we are following on my team, borrowing heavily from HCI and with a major focus on real data as soon as possible. This has allowed us to explore ideas much more quickly, and deepened our understanding of how our customers would want to interact with these models. Our customers benefit because they get to use bleeding-edge research without having to wait on the engineering team, and the engineers don't have to waste their time on unproven ideas.
If you iterate early and often with your prototypes, and you'll find that a good design materializes much more quickly.
Happy users mean a happy you 🙂
Note: Thanks to Rachel for contributing to our blog with this article.
A student at Princeton University claims that teasing someone for how they pronounce “Cool Whip” is a microaggression and could lead to binge drinking.
In an op-ed featured in The Princetonian, titled “ The history of ‘wh': a microaggression,” first-year student Newby Parton claims that people from Tennessee often times pronounce the “wh” sound as “hw” and are unfairly made fun of for it.
"I've been pulled into this conversation several times now, and each time I grow a bit more self-conscious. Very few people like to have their speech mocked."
“[M]y peers make a spectacle of it. ‘Say Cool Whip,' they'll tell me,” writes Parton.
“I'll say ‘Cool Whip.' They'll repeat it back to me with exaggerated emphasis on the /h/. I've been pulled into this conversation several times now, and each time I grow a bit more self-conscious. Very few people like to have their speech mocked.”
Parton writes that they avoid confrontation when possible, but could not take the abuse any longer. They eventually sent a text to their close friend who has been guilty of putting them through the “‘Cool Whip' routine,” alerting them to their feelings.
“‘Better put that on TM,' they [responded], referring to the Tiger Microaggressions page notorious for posting inoffensive ‘aggressions,'” wrote Parton. “There came no apology or retraction. They really did not understand that they had caused any offense, even after I had plainly told them so.”
Parton claims they are not trying to point fingers at those who unwittingly made fun of their speech, but is instead working to inform them of the “anxiety and binge drinking” that consumes those facing such aggressions. Parton in turn hopes they have never offended anyone, in anyway.
“I mean it when I say I am afraid. I am afraid that I have spent eighteen years not understanding when I have said something offensive. I am afraid that I have unwittingly hurt the feelings of people so accustomed to microaggression that they did not bother to speak up,” writes Parton.
“I am afraid that I would not have taken those people seriously if they had made a stand. And I am afraid I will do it all again. I am afraid because microaggressions aren't harmless — there's research to show that they cause anxiety and binge drinking among the minority students who are targeted.”
Parton says that becoming aware of their shortcomings is “a debt I owe to others” and asks their readers to reach out to them if they have ever hurt their feelings.
“Understanding how others feel is hard for those of us who do not suffer discrimination often, but with a little conscious effort, we can start correcting our mistakes.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @MaggieLitCRO
INTO THE SUN – NEW MIXTAPE & LP
NEW MUSIC!!!
GET IT HERE!!!
Announcing the imminent release of INTO THE SUN – 16 brand-new slices of Amorphous Music – a diverse journey through sparkling melodic downtempo to shimmering hype music to mutated indie rock re-cuts to renegade trap house to blistering bass music explosions.
The final song is a 70-minute bonus track: Mixtape 13 – the brand new Bassnectar mixtape, packed with all original tracks and remixes, blended together seamlessly into a sonic voyage (into the sun). Because why have an album when you can have an album and a mixtape!
The mixtape was developed over the last 6 months, featuring tons of collaborations and experiments, plus special versions off of Mesmerizing The Ultra (happy 10-year anniversary!). There was too much musical mayhem to cram into one record… so we crammed a disc full of sound and present it to you 🙂
Coming to your brains June 30th. Get 5 tracks now when you pre-order, including the title track “Into The Sun” and collabs/remixes featuring The Naked & Famous, Lafa Taylor, and G Jones.
> PRE-ORDER DIRECT + CD + EXCLUSIVE GEAR + 5 INSTANT TRACKS
> PRE-ORDER VIA iTUNES + 5 INSTANT TRACKS
Or you can preview below via SOUNDCLOUD, over on SPOTIFY, or at our YOUTUBE channel.
Stay tuned over the next 2 weeks for more premieres and some special announcements, plus a national listening party event…
Share. So about that E3 reveal... So about that E3 reveal...
Fallout 4 is set to be revealed via a cinematic trailer created by director Guillermo del Toro's production company, it would be appeared.
The news comes courtesy of the LinkedIn page (via Videogamer) for one of the employees of Mirada Studios. The artist involved has previously contributed to cinematics for The Elder Scrolls Online, Far Cry 4 and Forza Motorsport.
Though yet to be officially announced, last week a site reported a demo lasting between 20 and 30 minutes would reveal the game at this year's E3. Back in February, Bethesda announced its first ever E3 conference, setting the internet ablaze with wild speculation over the conference's purpose.
In February of last year, director Todd Howard said there was no official Fallout 4 announcement timeline, but it was going to be "a while." Has it been long enough? It's sounding increasingly possible.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following them on Twitter.
Photography Charlie Engman
You have said that fashion had nothing to do with trends, what do you mean by that?
I never followed the rules of fashion. I always found short cuts, and paths that I created especially for myself. I wanted to oppose the system of trends and propose something new. When everyone says that something is beautiful, I don't like it.
Do you feel like an artist?
I don't know. I've always been very careful with the word "art". What is art? Something that can pierce your heart and change your life? It is a precious word, it is dangerous to use it inappropriately. If fashion was art, it would not be in fashion.
Has fashion never been an art?
No, never. It is always clothing.
Do you think the fashion world has changed a lot since you started?
Yes, fast fashion ruined everything. People waste clothing. They buy and buy, sometimes without even wearing it, and ultimately end up swinging it in the trash. It is pollution. Even some products that are used to make the clothes are toxic. There is already so much unnecessary waste in the world. How many planes are flying in the sky right now? The earth is becoming warmer.  They are angry. We should really think about how to better manage our industry. I am not an environmentalist, but for some time I have felt very strongly that the earth is angry. We need everyone to calm down. Do not rush. It's tiring -- those people who always want more. Money is a boring thing, don't you think? Something that is meant to bring comfort is making people uncomfortable.
Are you aware of having influenced a generation of designers?
The new generation does not have time to breathe. They should stop watching their screens. They think about the world through their computers, but they do not know. For me there is no fight. I never found someone at my level. I have no rival. In any case, not yet.
Do you ever plan to stop one day?
I can not imagine myself retired. It must be so boring. I also think it's hard to imagine my brand without me. I think Yohji Yamamoto will die with Yohji Yamamoto.
Are you nostalgic?
Yes, a little bit. There is something romantic in the past. It stimulates me intellectually. But I do not rest on my laurels. I want to innovate, every season. That rhythm, that momentum, that's what keeps me going. I'm never satisfied, never happy with my work. This pursuit of "always better", that's my engine, which is something more than nostalgia. I am pessimistic; my mother was a widow, I grew up in poverty. At the age of five I realised that the world was unfair. I always had fire in my belly. It's hard, but that weight forced me to never fall into mediocrity.
What can we do to avoid mediocrity?
When I started in Tokyo, everyone criticised me, "Why do they create these dirty outfits?" Rather than resign myself, I decided to take a risk, moving to Paris, this beautiful city, and opening a small store in the hope that people out there would appreciate my dirty clothes.
Well it worked, you've had a lot of success!
I have always been wary of success, it attracts a lot of violence. People are envious and jealous. And then when we taste it, we're just constantly chasing. For me, success is the reward for work well done. Americans have other ideas of success (laughs).
What do you want?
I have become an encyclopaedia, when it comes to clothing. I can answer any question. But it's starting to annoy me. Sometimes I want to move on. I have started to write and paint. I am a phoenix. I want to make films too.
What kind of movies?
Half fiction, half documentary. Or maybe porn.
Credits
Text Tess Lochanski
Photography Charlie Engman
U.S. stocks declined sharply for a second session Friday, with the Nasdaq Composite tallying its third weekly drop, after JPMorgan Chase posted disappointing earnings and Gap reported a decline in sales.
"There's a lot of uneasiness about how far and fast the market ran last year, so any piece of news, even a single earnings report, can have a contagion effect," said Dorothy Weaver, co-founder of Collins Capital.
JPMorgan Chase led declines on the S&P 500 after the bank posted first-quarter earnings below expectations. Gap also fell after the retailer reported a drop in same-store sales, with Janney Capital Markets downgrading its shares to neutral from buy. Wells Fargo, however, reported a better-than-projected rise in first-quarter net profit as the mortgage lender set aside less money to cover bad loans.
"Based on earnings, some bank stocks are doing better than others," said Peter Coleman, who oversees floor trading as director of sales trading for ConvergEx Group.
CRX
The urge to begin a new project, for CRX's Nick Valensi, came from a primal place: They just wanted to play. “I was at a place where I got really hungry to perform in front of audiences, and do things a little more simply,” Valensi says. “The Strokes don't play that often anymore, and when we do it's awesome, but it got to the point where I needed to balance that out with a project I could take on tour whenever I wanted to. And the idea of playing clubs again was really exciting to me.” But Valensi couldn't start playing until he'd written some songs, and they realized he'd have to finally embrace an aspect of performing he'd resisted up until that point -- singing. Last summer, they just dug in, grabbing whatever spare time they had to record demos on their laptop at home. “It was a learning process,” says Valensi. “It took me some time to figure out how my voice sounds most natural, and to think about what I wanted to say.”
In their earliest writing sessions, Valensi gravitated toward more aggressive, riff-driven songs like the menacing “Unnatural,” whose breakneck tempo approaches speed metal velocity. The heavy, hazy “Broken Bones” -- inspired by a motorcycle accident that left the guitarist hospitalized for two weeks -- counterbalances its massively sludgy bottom end with Valensi's surprisingly effortless falsetto. But as they continued demoing songs, Valensi found themselves exploring other sonic territories, indulging their long held love of 70s power-pop and 80s new wave on tracks like the bright, catchy “Ways To Fake It” and the dub-tinged “One Track Mind.”
As the songs progressed, Valensi invited a few trusted musician friends to join the nascent project, and to contribute as songwriters. In addition to Valensi on guitar and vocals, CRX includes bassist Jon Safley, keyboardist/vocalist Richie Follin, drummer Ralph Alexander, and guitarist Darian Zahedi. “Once we were all in a room together, it got collaborative pretty quickly,” Valensi says, noting that about half of New Skin's ten tracks are cowrites with the band.
After demoing several songs, Valensi reached out to Queens of the Stone-Age's Josh Homme, for feedback on the tracks and advice regarding producers who might be right for the band. It quickly became apparent that there was no better person for the job than Homme himself. “He was really enthusiastic about the demos,” says Valensi. “There were even specific things they loved from the demos so much that we ended up including them on the album, which was very much a Josh decision.”
New Skin, CRX's debut album, was recorded at Homme's Pink Duck Studios in Burbank, with work wrapping up in early 2016. And even as this year marks the fifteenth anniversary of The Strokes first LP, it represents the beginning of a promising new chapter for Valensi. “One of the coolest things for me is that I began making this record as a vehicle to get onstage,” they say, “but along the way, it started to feel like we were working on something more special than that. I'm excited to be singing and having a lot of fun with it, and I'm really enjoying the feeling of having to work hard to win people over. It's like being a kid again -- like everything is new and kind of scary but irresistibly fun, too.”
The 2016 football season might have come to a close, but the team behind Madden 16 is still hard at work on improving the game leading into the release of Madden 17. This week, EA has announced the addition of a new mode for Madden Ultimate Team, Salary Cap Ranked.
According to the blog post, Salary Cap Ranked isn't just a new game mode, but a fundamental change to the Madden Ultimate Team experience. With the release of Salary Cap Ranked, each player will be assigned a cap value. For the launch of the new mode, it will be labeled as beta thanks to the size and the release window.
The mode comes from player feedback asking for competitive support in Madden Ultimate Team, and will serve as a new way to test your mastery of the game as the team building is equally important as the gameplay.
When the Salary Cap Beta title update is released, every player will receive an additional number, which will be referred to as the cap value. The cap value of individual players will not be based on OVR, but individual statistics. In an example posted on the blog, the Schefter Star version of Za'Darius Smith with 87 OVR has a cap value of 52, while the Superlatives version of Cameron Wake with 94 OVR has a cap value of 46.
Salary Cap events are where you'll play the most important games, and is structured similarly to Draft Championship ranked events. You'll play until either 6 wins or 2 losses, whichever comes first. The entry fee for the modes will be different, with Salary Cap utilizing event tickets with one required to compete. Draft Championship ranked tickets will also be usable to enter Salary Cap, and everyone who logs in after the update will receive one free ticket.
Another difference can be found in the way you build your team. Rather than selecting from a 15-round draft pool, you'll be using player items from your item binder to put together a 34-man team where the cap total of that team cannot exceed 1000 points.
Of that lineup, 32 of the 34 players will be “base players”. Base players are defined as players at specific positions that are purposefully selected in order to ensure that there are always enough players to fill every offensive and defensive formation.
Here's a list of the 32 base players:
QB1
HB1
WR1
WR2
WR3
WR4
TE1
TE2
FB1
LT1
LG1
C1
RG1
RT1
LE1
RE1
RE2
DT1
DT2
LOLB1
ROLB1
MLB1
MLB2
CB1
CB2
CB3
CB4
FS1
SS1
SS2
K1
P1
The goal is to intentionally leave you short on some positions, allowing for the final two players in your lineup to be flex players, or players that can be used anywhere outside of kicker and punter. That's intended to allow for further strategy.
As for how the game will play, there have been a few modifications specifically for the game mode thanks to the condensed lineup. During a Salary Cap event, injuries will be turned off. Fatigue will also be slowed. Understanding fatigue will also play into your strategy.
If you're new to Madden Ultimate Team, EA is also doing a few things to help bring you into the fold. The welcome and starter packs will be improved to include more gold player items. Journey 4 will also be introduced as a series of short solo challenges meant to help you unlock 11 players, with a 96 OVR Aqib Talib serving as the final “Journey Master” reward.
Will you be checking out the new mode when it launches? Let us know in the comments or on social media. In the meantime, we'll keep you posted on the latest Madden news.
'Food and oil, I'm afraid, go hand in hand'
- Deutsche Bank analyst
There's been a lot of stale argument recently about oil – is it running out? Are we approaching/at/passed Peak Oil (the point when global oil production goes into irrevocable decline)? Business, unsurprisingly, isn't waiting for the answer; it's working out what will happen next.
Take the recent report from Deutsche Bank, entitled 'The Peak Oil Market: Price Dynamics at the End of the Oil Age'. This describes a world where the effect of failing global reserves is compounded by incoherent politics. If the US Government was honest about the cost of oil, for example, it would slap another 50c on a gallon of gasoline to pay the cost of the war in Iraq. Ludicrously, as global oil supplies dwindle, the increasingly precious part that remains is concentrated in the hands of those who give it away to their citizens for almost nothing – Saudi Arabia, Venezuala, Iran, Iraq.
Governments should be planning how best to manage the limited supply of oil sensibly, for the long-term, the bankers write:
'We believe, based on the history of the past decades, years, and months, that they will do the exact opposite.'
As a result, oil demand – and price – will continue to spiral upwards to a peak in 2016, when a barrel will cost about $175 (it is just under $80 today). At that point – at that price – our addiction will be broken as people turn instead to cheaper alternatives already gaining ground today, natural gas and the electric car.
But, for all its talk of price, the report fails to mention the cost. As the Deutsche Banker quoted above (he asked not to be named) points out, this is measured in hungry mouths, for food and oil go hand in hand. Take a look at the graphs below; one shows the global price of oil, the other the global price of food. Both go up. Last week's British inflation figures – a measure of increasing prices, including that of food – were up, sharply, driven by the increasing price of oil. Remember the food riots of 2007-8? Between now and 2016, expect more of the same.
Watching the builders
Every business person has a pet indicator they claim gives them the inside edge on what is happening to the recession. Some watch carpet sales, others booze sold by supermarkets (people staying in for a cheaper night), still others watch Butlins (people taking cheaper holidays). Inspired by one City contact who counts the skips on their street (people splashing out on home renovations), I've been watching builders. We're buying a house. The extension, we're told, is substandard. Needs knocking down. The builders are licking their lips in anticipation. When can they start? Any time you like, guv. Business is patchy.
The same is true across the industry. Wolseley, the Midlands-based builders' merchant and world's biggest supplier of plumbing and heating products, says profit was down 45 per cent in the three months to July. The company has cut 30,000 staff and expects hard times ahead. 'We do expect that to get worse before it gets better,' said chief financial officer, Steve Webster.
A crafty state senator has done something so wonderful that we should all be cheering while simultaneously smacking our foreheads, because why didn't we think of this earlier? The hero in question is Virginia senator Janet Howell. The Democrat wasn't happy with a proposed bill that requires women to have an ultrasound before they can have an abortion, so they attached a very special amendment to the bill.
Howell simply attached an amendment that requires men to undergo a rectal exam and a cardiac stress test before they can be prescribed medication for erectile dysfunction. Genius. Here's what Howell had to say on the matter:
We need some gender equity here. The Virginia senate is about to pass a bill that will require a woman to have totally unnecessary medical procedure at their cost and inconvenience. If we're going to do that to women, why not do that to men?
Advertisement
Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes! It's like Howell has single-handedly invented a twisted new Golden Rule of Politics: "Do unto others' nether regions as they would do unto yours." And from then on, the good men of Virginia realized it actually feels really terrible when the government tries to "protect" you from yourself, and women were free to do with their bodies whatever they damn well pleased and—screeeech. Dream sequence over.
Howell's amendment was sadly defeated—though narrowly, 21 to 19—and the rectums of Virginia rejoiced. Who, you might be wondering, would have voted against such an amazing idea? Why, Republican senator Jill Vogel, of course, the sponsor of the original ultrasound bill. Here's their rock solid reasoning:
I do believe that erectile dysfunction in this context is different from pregnancy.
Advertisement
In this context? It would be lovely if Sen. Vogel could elaborate on when ED is ever the same as pregnancy, but I digress. What matters is that Howell was happy with the way it turned out, and one hopes they will continue crafting such equitable legislation in the future.
The bill itself passed in a voice vote yesterday, and it's going to be formally voted on today. A similar bill in Texas has caused a logistical shitstorm for providers and patients alike, and it's being challenged in court. Perhaps sanity will prevail, and this ridiculous practice will someday be abandoned. But for now, let's keep our fingers crossed that Senator Howell's innovative approach to dealing with this nonsense will lead to a long string of similar "Shove It Up Your Ass" amendments in other states. After all, it is our Christian duty to make sure the men of this great land don't accidentally die of a heart attack while having medically-assisted sex with their wives or whomever else their sacred vows of open marriage permit.
Advertisement
Janet Howell, Virginia State Senator, Attaches Rectal Exam Amendment To Anti-Abortion Bill [HuffPo]
As anti-Muslim tensions run high in the U.S., the killing of six Muslim men while at evening prayers in a Quebec City mosque on Sunday has sparked questions about extreme right views here in Canada.
In the days following the mosque attack, Quebec police reported a spike in Islamophobic hate crimes in the province. According to Statistics Canada, hate crimes against Muslims are on the rise nation-wide, with roughly one-third of the incidents occurring in Quebec.
A memorial gathered outside the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre, the site of the fatal shooting on Sunday. (Mathieu Belanger/Reuters)
Alexandre Bissonnette, the accused in the mosque shootings, is not believed to have been affiliated with any political group. But they were reportedly an admirer of Donald Trump and Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's right-wing populist party, the National Front.
They are trying to change not just the government but, really, the mindset of society in Quebec. - Jonathan Montpetit , CBC Montréal
Classmates say they held anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant views — ideas that seem to align with the ideology of Quebec's far right fringe.
The six Quebec mosque victims from Sunday's attack. The region's faith-based crime has been on the rise as authorities struggle to recover from what some call the increasing popularity of the far-right movement. (CBC)
A number of outspoken far-right groups have emerged in Quebec in recent years, from the openly fascist Adelante Quebec to more moderate groups that oppose immigration and seek to protect what they refer to as Quebecois values.
Last fall, CBC News reporter Jonathan Montpetit spent several weeks shadowing and interviewing members of Quebec's more moderate far right groups as part of a special CBC News series.
"They don't conceive of themselves as incipient political parties," they tell Day 6 host Brent Bambury.
"They are trying to change not just the government but, really, the mindset of society in Quebec."
Inside Quebec's far right
One of the most high-profile anti-immigration groups is La Meute, also known as The Wolf Pack, which lists 43,000 members on a secret Facebook page.
La Meute was founded in 2015, around the time when Justin Trudeau made the promise to bring 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada, Montpetit says. Not long after that, a chapter of the controversial "community watch" group Soldiers of Odin was formed.
La Meute, also known as The Wolf Pack, is one of the most popular and visible groups of Quebec's far right. The Canadian chapter focuses especially on concerns about immigration and radical Islam (CBC)
The Soldiers of Odin organization, which has chapters across Canada, conducts regular patrols of city streets and originated as an anti-refugee and anti-immigrant group in Finland.
According to Montpetit, both groups are comprised of "everyday" men and women looking to take a stand — including real estate agents, government workers, and former police officers.
"Members of these groups really aren't socially isolated individuals by any means," Montpetit says. "They're average Quebecers who feel a sense that the society that they know, or have known in the past, is under threat and changing."
Anti-Muslim views were prevalent among the people Montpetit spoke with.
"It's inescapable," they say.
Among the more moderate far-right groups like La Meute and Soldiers of Odin, anti-Muslim views tended to be expressed as an opposition to "radical Islam" and Sharia law, Montpetit says.
"[But] as you push them in their beliefs, you do get a sense that it runs a little bit deeper, and you know, based on perceptions that may not align with the reality of Canadian Muslims."
The Soldiers of Odin are a self-described community organisation concerned about the safety of citizens. Originating in Europe, the group has several branches across North America. The Quebec City branch is shown here patrolling streets. (Jonathan Montpetit/CBC)
A growing presence
It's difficult to get a precise figure for the number of people who are involved with Quebec's far right groups, Montpetit says, but their profile seems to be growing.
It is a shift towards the far right: deep unease with multiculturalism, deep unease with immigration levels, and deep unease with Islam. - Jonathan Montpetit , CBC Montréal
Researchers believe the groups are now more organized and visible than they were a generation ago, Montpetit says, and they are recruiting new members more aggressively than in the past.
'Make Canada great again' flyers with anti-Muslim, anti-gay imagery appeared on the McGill University campus in Montreal last December, with links to white supremacist websites. (Andrew Potter/Twitter)
They estimate that of the 43,000 members on La Meute's Facebook page, roughly 5,000 are active at any given time. The Soldiers of Odin page has roughly 400 members.
The debate over the Charter of Values in 2013 also seems to have played a role in energizing the far right movement.
"This is not the extreme right radicalization; this is not people advocating violence or anything like that," Montpetit says. "But it is a shift towards the far right: deep unease with multiculturalism, deep unease with immigration levels, and deep unease with Islam."
"Notably, they also felt that it creates a climate of unease, a climate of suspiciousness, vis-a-vis Muslims."
Many of the far right groups are based in and around Quebec City, which has been a fertile ground for mainstream conservative politics in recent years.
Quebec City is relatively ethnically homogeneous in comparison to other cities, including Montreal, Montpetit says.
It also boasts a constellation of private radio stations that are locally known as "radio-poubelle" or trash-talk radio, such as Radio X, which often present anti-immigration and anti-Muslim sentiments.
Quebec Liberal Party Leader Philippe Couillard puts on a headset as they tour radio stations on Monday, March 31, 2014 in Quebec City, ahead of the provincial election. (Jacques Boissinot/The Canadian Press)
Those radio stations are facing heated criticism this week in response to the mosque attack.
"It's very hard to escape their role in public debate in Quebec City," Montpetit says.
Responding to the mosque attack
In the wake of this week's mosque attack, the far right groups that Montpetit spoke with all firmly denounced the violence.
"There was, across the board, expressions of sympathy for the victims," they say.
Groups like La Meute are working to gain greater legitimacy in the broader Quebec society, according to Montpetit. They are aware of the scrutiny they are currently under, both from the public and by the police.
"They are aware that the political climate — this week, at the very least — is not favourable to their interest," Montpetit says.
Speaking to the media in the days after the attack, Parti-Quebecois leader Jean-François Lisée was among those calling on politicians in Quebec to shift the tone of the debate around immigration and values.
Parti Québécois Leader Jean-François Lisée advocated for a ban on the burka in 2016 but later went on to say it was not their best line. But Lisée is just one example of increasing anti-Islamic rhetoric. (Jacques Boissinot/Canadian Press)
Lisée expressed regret for comments made during their own leadership campaign, when they advocated for a ban on the burka because, they said, the garment could be used to conceal an AK-47.
"He called on other politicians in Quebec to … make a little 'mea culpa' of their role in fostering a debate that's been acrimonious, that's been divisive," Montpetit says.
While he's hesitant to predict that this week's violence will have a lasting impact on discourse in Quebec, Montpetit believes it could shift the conversation.
"It's been ten or fifteen years now that identity has really dominated the political debate in this province," they say. "If this event on Sunday illustrates to people a line … in that discourse, then possibly things will shift."
VIDEO Ways to Promote This Video VOTE HERE The contest is closed SHARE HERE Tweet Copy
PROJECT BY
Presented By:
Martin Montesano
# Votes: 0
ABOUT THIS PROJECT
Tell us briefly about your project. Is it a work of art or does it serve another function?
The Walking Beast by Moltensteelman is a kinetic work of art that tests the limits of large scale mechanical locomotion using applied math, science, engineering and technology.
When did you start working on this project and how long did it take you to complete?
I started designing The Walking Beast in 2004 and it walked for the first time in 2007. To build the machine, I logged well over 6,000 hours of labor and put in over a mile of welding. I continue to upgrade and improve the step and turning functions and to make additional modifications for optimum performance.
What was your goal in building this project?
I had previously built a number of wheeled vehicles and I decided to take on a new challenge. My goal was to create an entirely original type of vehicle that could move without wheels and was large enough to carry passengers.
Does your project help to solve a problem? If so what problem?
The Walking Beast demonstrates the real-life challenges of incorporating a walking linkage system on a very large scale. The sheer size of the project requires careful engineering design to create a strong, balanced and well-functioning machine. I did a lot of research and consulted with others to come up with a workable stepping motion, and then I designed and incorporated a spring system to maintain optimum step trajectory ratios. Custom drive train components were created at maximum workable scale and made of high-alloy steel to withstand the immense stress placed on the working machinery parts.
What makes your idea unique?
The Walking Beast has no equal in that is able to carry passengers and walk without wheels. It is a creation of my own design and I have done nearly all of the work to engineer and build it myself. I am grateful for the help I received from Joe Klann for their assistance in providing the math formulas to use in scaling their patented linkage system to the size needed for The Walking Beast.
In what capacity are you using bearings and what type of bearings?
There are 114 deep groove ball bearings in the linkage system of The Walking Beast. A 19-inch slewing bearing is used in the hydraulically operated lifting/turning disc. There are tapered roller bearings and standard ball bearings in the axle housing, and there are ball bearings and needle bearings in the planetary gear reduction boxes. The transmission has a one-way roller bearing, ball bearings, thrust bearings and bushings. There are a variety of bearings in the gasoline-powered engine that powers The Walking Beast.
What is the most important thing you want people to know about your project?
The Walking Beast is a great example of what can be accomplished by one person who is willing to apply them or themselves to complete a personal vision. This project has helped me to learn a lot, and it has attracted the attention of people from all over the world who are also interested in mech robots. Over the past several years The Walking Beast has operated at festivals and appeared on several major TV channels, and one of the many videos posted online showing The Walking Beast in action went viral in the summer of 2011. I have no advanced formal education in engineering or robotics, and the international success of this project demonstrates that anyone can connect with others and follow their dreams using their own ideas, tools and resources. The work I've done on this project has motivated me to continue building new creations and to continue to test my abilities to make dreams into reality.
How will you use the $5,000 prize?
The Walking Beast is the first creation in a series of walking machines on my drawing board. As well-loved as this project has come to be, as an inventor and innovator, I am already hard at work on what comes next. A new six-legged walking machine is now in the design stage and I plan to have it functionally complete by late 2013. A $10,000 prize would jumpstart this project and pay for the aluminum, custom machined cam lobes and close to 100 v-roller bearings that will be needed. This funding would allow me to spend more time working on the project in the studio and it would allow me to focus my own resources on other project elements.
Are People Traveling More?
Here is How Much U.S. Outbound Travel Has Increased Around the World the Last 20 Years
People living in the US are traveling outside the United States more than ever. The National Travel and Tourism Office data shows that in 1996, there were just under 27 million trips taken outside the US. In 2016, there were 72.5 million. But where are these people heading? And what regions have seen the biggest spikes in tourism over the past 20 years?
We pulled data on a region-by-region basis from the NTTO and the State Department, creating two maps that show this big uptick in outbound travel.
First, you can see the total increase by raw numbers below. Each region is colored according to the increase in amount of US citizens who traveled to these areas in 2016 compared to 1996.
Comparing 1996 to 2016, here is how many more outbound US travelers visited specific regions:
Second, you can see the total increase as a percentage over the past 20 years, as seen here. Notice that the Middle East, Central America and some Asian countries saw big increases, as travel and business opportunities have increased considerably over this time period.
Between 1996 and 2016, here is the % change in total number of outbound US travelers annually visiting each region:
Here are the raw numbers for each region. We also pulled individual numbers on specific countries (China being a prime example) for use in the map above when available:
1996 2006 2016 Difference % Difference Oceania 591,800 828,799 634,541 42,741 7.2 Africa 137,600 167,490 328,752 191,152 138.9 South America 1,455,500 2,317,921 1,781,067 325,567 22.4 Canada 3,047,200 3,861,639 4,152,674 1,105,474 36.3 Middle East 433,800 478,282 1,935,216 1,501,416 346.1 Central America 1,045,600 2,371,223 2,655,456 1,609,856 154.0 Asia 3,155,100 5,207,977 4,823,912 1,668812 52.9 Caribbean 4,020,600 5,780,787 7,082,673 3,062,073 76.2 Europe 8,946,300 12,995,893 12,582,821 3,636,521 40.6 Mexico 3,992,400 5,747,999 7,940,334 3,947,934 98.9
—
Sweden's newspaper industry has been facing financial challenges for more than a decade. Many local newspapers have long since cut down on editorial staff, merged with competitors or simply given up. At the same time, alternative online media channels have flourished. Yet while in many other countries traditional, mainstream newspapers have been forced to adapt to the new environment or go under, in Sweden some have found another way forward: an ever-closer relationship with the state.
This was made possible over 50 years ago, when Swedish politicians decided that the state was to finance political parties' opinion-forming. At the time, the money was directly transferred to the parties, which distributed it to loyal or self-owned newspapers. This system was changed in the early 1970s so that funding no longer passed through political parties. Still, since 1971, Swedish taxpayers have spent 26 billion krona (£2.2 billion) keeping Sweden's traditional newspapers going, and over 85 per cent of this funding has gone to newspapers with an official political designation. Newspapers tied to the Social Democrats have received almost half of all subsidies. Those tied to the Centre Party have received four billion kronor. In 2005, the Centre Party sold its media companies for 1.7 billion krona (£146million) and became one of the richest political parties in Europe.
Political parties haven't been the only beneficiaries of state largesse. Crony capitalists have also maximised their subsidies by creating multiple small newspapers perfectly matching the state's requirements. Elsewhere, the Communist Party's newspaper has received over 90million krona (£7.7million) since 1975, and liberal Svenska Dagbladet obtains more than 10 per cent of the annual press support. It could be seen as a good thing that the government funds platforms for a diversity of political views. But, in truth, state funding has created an inflexible and uncritical media. Too many newspapers show an unwillingness to bite the hand that feeds; they tone down critical views towards the state, especially state subsidies to all sorts of other industries. This has not gone unnoticed by the public, who routinely mistrust traditional and state-owned media. And with good reason, as a recent incident illustrated. In January, the libertarian-leaning alternative news site Nyheter Idag (NI) revealed how one of Sweden's biggest newspapers Dagens Nyheter (DN) received information about a spate of sexual assaults in August 2015 similar to that which occurred in Cologne on New Year's Eve. A source contacted DN, which was interested in the story until the backgrounds of the arrested were discovered — ‘so-called refugee youths primarily from Afghanistan'.
DN denied NI's accusations. A couple of days later, the news site KIT, owned by the same company as DN, questioned the NI journalist's integrity, even exposing their financial problems. DN then published an article describing NI as a ‘hate site', citing the NI journalist's previous involvement with the right-wing Sweden Democrats as proof. Across the political spectrum, many feel mainstream media fail to cover some of the hottest topics of public debate. For example, the website Inte rasist, men, run by left-leaning activists investigating the Sweden Democrats and anti-migration media coverage, was born of frustration with traditional state-funded media. It felt that Sweden's mainstream media failed to cover too many topics that people wanted to discuss. And it was right: Inte rasist, men now has 180,000 followers on Facebook, more than the state-owned TV channel SVT, which has an annual budget of over four billion kronor.
Milan have completed the signing of Mark van Bommel from Bayern Munich.
Follow Goal.com on
Italian table toppers Milan have completed the transfer of holding midfielder Mark van Bommel from Bayern Munich for an undisclosed fee. Bavaria have confirmed the transfer on their official website. The Rossoneri's official website states that the Dutch international has signed a six-month deal."I'm leaving Bavaria with pain in my heart, but with my head held high. I've enjoyed four-and-a-half very successful years here and I'd like to thank the club and the fans. I will never forget Bayern Munich," was Van Bommel quoted as saying on the Bavaria website.The Italians are being plagued by injuries in midfield and were therefore keen to add some fresh blood to their ranks in the January transfer window.Van Bommel's agent Mino Raiola confirmed on Monday that Van Bommel was on the verge of joining Milan and the Bavarians have now confirmed that the deal has been finalised.The 33-year-old midfielder joined Bayern Munich from Barcelona in the summer of 2006 and had since made well over 100 league appearances for the German champions. However, they were no longer an undisputed starter at Bayern following the signing of Gustavo Luis this winter and therefore wanted to leave the club.His contract with the Bavarians ran until the end of the season, meaning that Van Bommel has joined Milan for a modest fee.
Overview
The parties agreed to settle this class action for $17.5 million, subject to court approval. For those Class Members who allege that they suffered financial harm arising from the loss of their personal information, the defendant has set up an UNLIMITED FUND in addition to the $17.5 million, and an Arbitrator will assess those claims individually. Class Counsel will not be paid a fee from any amounts paid out from the unlimited fund.
Does the settlement apply to me?
The settlement applies to all persons whose personal information was contained on an external hard drive in the control of Human Resources and Skills Development Canada (now known as Employment and Social Development Canada) or the National Student Loan Services Centre, which was allegedly lost on or around November 5, 2012. If your information was contained on that hard drive and you did not opt out of the class action, you are a class member. You may have received a letter from the government advising you that your personal information was contained on the external hard drive. You do not need to have received a letter, or kept the letter, to be a class member.
If you previously opted out of the class action, you may still be eligible to participate in the settlement, if it is approved, by submitting a claim as described below.
What can I recover under the settlement, if it is approved?
There are two parts to the settlement.
Part one : class members will be compensated for wasted time spent responding to the federal government's announcement of the privacy breach. This compensation for wasted time has been calculated at a fixed payment of $60 per class member, based on an average of four hours of time spent responding to the privacy breach. If the total of the claims for the $60 payment exceeds the $17.5 million settlement fund (after legal fees and costs of administration), then the claims administrator will distribute the funds to each class member proportionally.
Part two : the government will fund a dispute resolution program for all class members who are seeking additional compensation for actual losses incurred as a direct result of the loss of personal & financial information contained on the hard drive. If you incurred expenses or lost money as a result of the privacy breach (for example, if your identity was stolen and you paid to replace your government identification card(s), or if you were the victim of fraud for which your bank did not reimburse you), you can claim those costs back.
The dispute resolution process will be streamlined so that you can submit a claims form, along with supporting documentation, for review by the claims administrator. The fund is unlimited. In other words, to the extent that you can establish that you lost money or sustained financial harm for which you have not otherwise been reimbursed, you will be fully compensated.
You have the right to hire your own lawyer to assist with making an actual loss claim. Class Counsel will not be involved in this aspect of the settlement and are not receiving any legal fees on awards for actual loss claims.
What is the rationale for the settlement?
It has been five years since the hard drive went missing. The Government of Canada and the RCMP have conducted investigations into the loss of the hard drive. The results of the RCMP investigation were inconclusive as to whether the hard drive was lost or stolen. Affidavit evidence from the Government of Canada confirms that the government is not aware of any evidence that the personal information from the hard drive has been compromised.
Class Counsel retained their own cybersecurity expert to conduct an investigation into whether the personal information on the hard drive was compromised by criminals. To date, the expert has not been able to locate any evidence (including on the dark web) of criminal activity relating to the information on the hard drive.
Therefore, as a matter of law, class members may only be able to recover for wasted time associated with responding to the breach, which on average is in the range of four hours, reflected in part one of the settlement, as discussed above.
In the event that some class members have experienced financial harm as a result of the privacy breach, then the government has established an unlimited fund to compensate them, which forms part two of the settlement, as discussed above.
When is the settlement approval hearing?
The settlement approval hearing will be on February 22, 2018 at 1:00 p.m. EST in Ottawa, Ontario. At the settlement approval hearing, the Court will consider whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and in the best interests of the Class and whether to approve Class Counsel fees. If you do not oppose the settlement, you do not need to appear at the hearing or take any other action at this time.
How do I make a claim, if the settlement is approved?
If the proposed settlement is approved, further instructions about how to make a claim for compensation will be posted on this website and will be emailed to those people who registered with Class Counsel and provided a valid email address. There is no need to register again if you have already registered through the Registration System or if you have already provided your email address to Class Counsel.
With respect to the $60 payment, it is anticipated that you will be required to submit a short claims form electronically to the claims administrator identifying yourself as one of the students who received a notice letter about the privacy breach from the federal government, and requesting $60.
With respect to an actual loss claim, it is anticipated that you will submit a claims form electronically to the claims arbitrator describing how you experienced financial harm and providing documentation to support your claim. The government will then have an opportunity to respond in writing to your claim. The claims arbitrator will then make a decision on your claim or may ask you for additional information or documents. Once the claims arbitrator makes a decision, you will have a right to appeal.
How will the settlement affect my student loan, if it is approved?
There will be no impact on your student loan. Any monies owed to you pursuant to this settlement will be paid directly to you, without regard to the status of your student loan. You are still required to continue paying any outstanding balance on your student loans.
Why isn't my student loan being forgiven under this settlement?
There is no basis in law for forgiving an outstanding debt in these circumstances.
Why are the lawyers seeking fees of $5,250,000 plus taxes, but I am receiving less than $100 for inconvenience?
Class actions are designed so that many people with relatively modest claims can band together to form a class in order to prosecute an action against a common defendant. It is not economically feasible for one person to pay a lawyer to prosecute an action such as this one. No lawyer would take it on contingency for just one individual, and it would be financially unfeasible for the class member to pay the lawyer to prosecute the action.
The class proceedings rule of court provides for lawyers' fees to be approved by the court. Class actions, by their nature, deal with small claims generally by class members, that totaled up, equal large claims that a defendant or defendants must pay. As for the proposed Class Counsel fees in this case, the court will decide whether our fees are fair and reasonable given the total result that was achieved for the Class Members. Measuring the proposed fees against your personal recovery isn't correct in this circumstance.
In this case, Class Counsel commenced this lawsuit over five years ago and have spent an enormous amount of time prosecuting the lawsuit. When the class action was certified in 2016, the Notice of Certification was sent to the Class Members by the defendant and published widely (including at https://strosbergco.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/1428188-notice-eng.pdf). The Notice of Certification clearly stated that Class Counsel was working on a contingency fee arrangement and may ask the court to approve fees of up to 1/3 of the recovery. Class Counsel ensured that the fee arrangement was published early on in the proceedings so the Class Members have as much information as possible about that. If the lawsuit is not successful, Class Counsel will receive nothing at all, so the lawyers bear the risk of that.
And finally, if you suffered additional harm, aside from the payment for inconvenience, there is an unlimited fund available and you can apply to the Arbitrator for damages. Class Counsel seek no fees on that additional fund.
What is the timeline for distributing the settlement, if it is approved?
If the settlement is approved, there will be a period during which class members can submit their claims. The deadline for submitting your claim will be included in the Notice of Settlement Approval which will be posted on this website emailed to those people who registered with Class Counsel and provided a valid email address. Once the deadline has expired, the claims administrator will collect all of the claims for the part one/$60 payment and distribute payment accordingly. If the total of the claims for the $60 payments exceeds the $17.5 million settlement fund (after legal fees and costs of administration), then the claims administrator will distribute the funds to each class member proportionally.
Who is paying Class Counsel's legal fees?
Class Counsel have been litigating this case on behalf of the class since 2012. Pursuant to a contingency fee agreement entered into with the representative plaintiffs, Class Counsel are eligible to recover 30% of the settlement fund, plus HST and disbursements. Any fees paid to Class Counsel must be approved by the Court as being fair and reasonable, and will be paid directly out of the settlement fund.
UPDATE (4/23/16):
FIRST:
OVERVIEW (to get a sense of how easy this is...)
GUIDE
I'll use Normal Falco as an example.
​
The program should show the name of the DAT file you selected to load.
A list of textures for that character file will be shown (with preview images on the right!)
​
It saves as a PNG
Let's make a simple Los Angeles Lakers Falco head (Photoshop)
​
The preview on the right will now be your new texture.
NOTE: Extracting and replacing textures with the Melee Toolkit only works with character costumes and not things like the Stage Select Screen, Character Select Portraits, stage textures, etc. Replacing those textures requires manual hex editing, the old school way. See the stickied Melee Hack and You thread.
Melee Toolkit is now obselete. Please see DAT Texture Wizard instead.Download InternetExplorer's Melee Toolkit This program has been around for awhile now, but the power it holds needs to be made apparent to everyone who loves Melee and is interested in creating custom costumes.NO HEX EDITING needs to be done to add textures to your ISO file, thanks to this program.Open Smash ISO in Melee Toolkit --> extract a PNG of a texture --> edit the PNG --> replace original PNG file with your new one using the toolkit.1) Open Melee Toolkit and hit "Open Disc Image". Point it to your ISO file.2) Click the "Filesystem" tab and search for the costume file you want to extract images from.[COLLAPSE="Character & Costume Color File Abbreviations"]Courtesy of Steelia, the Great.Captain FalconPlCaBu - BluePlCaGr - GreenPlCaGy - GreyPlCaNr - Captain Falcon (Default)PlCaRe - RedPlCaWh - Pink-and-whiteYoung LinkPlClBk - BlackPlClBu - BluePlClNr - Young Link (Default)PlClRe - RedPlClWh - WhiteDonkey KongPlDkBk - BlackPlDkBu - BluePlDkGr - GreenPlDkNr - Donkey Kong (Default)PlDkRe - RedDr. MarioPlDrBk - BlackPlDrBu - BluePlDrGr - GreenPlDrNr - Dr. Mario (Default)PlDrRe - RedFalcoPlFcBu - BluePlFcGr - GreenPlFcNr - Falco (Default)PlFcRe - RedRoyPlFeBu - BluePlFeGr - GreenPlFeNr - Roy (Default)PlFeRe - RedPlFeYe - Yellow-and-whiteFoxPlFxGr - GreenPlFxLa - Blue/LavenderPlFxNr - Fox (Default)PlFxOr - OrangeGanondorfPlGnBu - BluePlGnGr - GreenPlGnLa - Purple/LavenderPlGnNr - Ganondorf (Default)PlGnRe - RedMr. Game & WatchPlGw - All ColorsKirbyPlKbBu - BluePlKbBuCpDk - Blue Donkey Kong capPlKbBuCpFc - Blue Falco capPlKbBuCpMt - Blue Mewtwo capPlKbBuCpPr - Blue Jigglypuff capPlKbGr - GreenPlKbGrCpDk - Green Donkey Kong capPlKbGrCpFc - Green Falco capPlKbGrCpMt - Green Mewtwo capPlKbGrCpPr - Green Jigglypuff capPlKbNr - Kirby (Default)PlKbNrCpDk - Donkey Kong cap (Default)PlKbNrCpFc - Falco cap (Default)PlKbNrCpMt - Mewtwo cap (Default)PlKbNrCpPr - Jigglypuff cap (Default)PlKbRe - RedPlKbReCpDk - Red Donkey Kong capPlKbReCpFc - Red Falco capPlKbReCpMt - Red Mewtwo capPlKbReCpPr - Red Jigglypuff capPlKbWh - WhitePlKbWhCpDk - White Donkey Kong capPlKbWhCpFc - White Falco capPlKbWhCpMt - White Mewtwo capPlKbWhCpPr - White Jigglypuff capPlKbYe - YellowPlKbYeCpDk - Yellow Donkey Kong capPlKbYeCpFc - Yellow Falco capPlKbYeCpMt - Yellow Mewtwo capPlKbYeCpPr - Yellow Jigglypuff capPlKbCpCa - Captain Falcon capPlKbCpCl - Young Link capPlKbCpDk - Donkey Kong cap (alternate)PlKbCpDr - Dr. Mario capPlKbCpFc - Falco cap (alternate)PlKbCpFe - Roy capPlKbCpFx - Fox capPlKbCpGn - Ganondorf capPlKbCpGw - Mr. Game & Watch capPlKbCpKp - Bowser capPlKbCpLg - Luigi capPlKbCpLk - Link capPlKbCpMr - Mario capPlKbCpMs - Marth capPlKbCpMt - Mewtwo cap (alternate)PlKbCpNs - Ness capPlKbCpPc - Pichu capPlKbCpPe - Peach capPlKbCpPk - Pikachu capPlKbCpPp - Ice Climbers capPlKbCpPr - Jigglypuff cap (alternate)PlKbCpSk - Sheik capPlKbCpSs - Samus capPlKbCpYs - Yoshi capPlKbCpZd - Zelda capBowserPlKpBk - BlackPlKpBu - BluePlKpNr - Bowser (Default)PlKpRe - RedLuigiPlLgAq - Blue/AquamarinePlLgNr - Luigi (Default)PlLgPi - PinkPlLgWh - White-and-greenLinkPlLkBk - BlackPlLkBu - BluePlLkNr - Link (Default)PlLkRe - RedPlLkWh - WhiteMarioPlMrBk - Brown-and-whitePlMrBu - Blue/JumpmanPlMrGr - GreenPlMrNr - Mario (Default)PlMrYe - YellowMarthPlMsBk - BlackPlMsGr - GreenPlMsNr - Marth (Default)PlMsRe - RedPlMsWh - WhiteMewtwoPlMtBu - BluePlMtGr - GreenPlMtNr - Mewtwo (Default)PlMtRe - RedNana (Ice Climbers)PlNnAq - Orange costume [with Light Blue Popo]PlNnNr - Nana (Default)PlNnWh - Red costume [with White Popo]PlNnYe - Yellow/TanNessPlNsBu - BluePlNsGr - GreenPlNsNr - Ness (Default)PlNsYe - Yellow-and-blackPichuPlPcBu - Blue [goggles]PlPcGr - Green [backpack]PlPcNr - Pichu (Default)PlPcRe - Red [bandana]PeachPlPeBu - BluePlPeGr - GreenPlPeNr - Peach (Default)PlPeWh - WhitePlPeYe - Daisy [yellow]PikachuPlPkBu - Blue [party hat]PlPkGr - Green [cowboy hat]PlPkNr - Pikachu (Default)PlPkRe - Red [trainer hat]Popo (Ice Climbers)PlPpGr - GreenPlPpNr - Popo (Default)PlPpOr - Light Blue costume [with Orange Nana]PlPpRe - White costume [with Red Nana]JigglypuffPlPrBu - Blue [bow]PlPrGr - Green [headband]PlPrNr - Jigglypuff (Default)PlPrRe - Red [flower]PlPrYe - Yellow [crown]SheikPlSkBu - BluePlSkGr - GreenPlSkNr - Sheik (Default)PlSkRe - RedPlSkWh - White-and-blackSamusPlSsBk - BrownPlSsGr - GreenPlSsLa - Purple/LavenderPlSsNr - Samus (Default)PlSsPi - PinkYoshiPlYsAq - Light Blue/AquamarinePlYsBu - Dark BluePlYsNr - Yoshi (Default)PlYsPi - PinkPlYsRe - RedPlYsYe - YellowZeldaPlZdBu - BluePlZdGr - GreenPlZdNr - Zelda (Default)PlZdRe - RedPlZdWh - Light Blue/White[/COLLAPSE]3) Click the file you want to load on the left and then choose "Load Selected File" on the right.4) It seems like nothing happened after clicking the button, but the DAT file was loaded in the background. Hit the "DAT File" tab at the very top.5) Hit the "Textures" tab, which is now underneath the "DAT File" you just hit.6) Choose the texture you want to edit and hit the "Export" button on the right.7) Use your favorite graphics editor to change the extracted PNG file to whatever you want. Do not change image dimensions.8) Back in the Toolkit at that last screen you were at, make sure you have the correct image selected on the left and hit "Replace" on the right. Point it to your new texture.9) Now to save everything, click the "Info" tab, two to the left of "Textures" at the top.10) Hit "Save to Disc Image" and you are done!Close Melee Toolkit and boot your game up in Dolphin to test the texture!11) Share your work in the Melee Texture Hacks Thread.
We recently released Rider, a new IDE for C# and .NET developers. It runs cross platform, on Windows, Mac and Linux, and comes with built-in support for Unity – code completion for event functions, inspections and quick-fixes for Unity code, support for shader files and more. Today, we're going to take a look at how you get started, and how Rider will help with your Unity code.
Here's a quick overview video that shows Rider in action with Unity code. Read on for more details.
If you haven't encountered Rider before, it's a new IDE for .NET and C#, based on the best bits of ReSharper and IntelliJ IDEA. ReSharper provides the C# language engine, with code completion, navigation, find usages, thousands of inspections, quick-fixes, refactorings and more, while IntelliJ provides the rich, cross platform user interface – editor, debugger, test runner and so on. You can download a free 30-day trial now and get started right away.
Getting started
Getting started with Rider and Unity is nice and easy. Rider has Unity support built in, and the very first time you open a Unity solution it will automatically configure Unity to use Rider as the default editor for C# scripts and shader files. Once done, double-clicking a C# script or shader asset will open the solution in Rider.
Note that you can also do this manually, through the External Tools page of Unity's *Preferences* dialog. The initial Rider 2017.1 release required this to be done manually. This has been fixed in the recently released Rider 2017.1.1. Install Rider using the Toolbox App to make it easy to stay up to date.
When Rider first opens your Unity project, it will install a small Unity Editor plugin into your project. This plugin improves integration between Unity and Rider, such as speeding up the time to open a C# script at the right line, making sure that all necessary references are added to the generated C# project files, and making debugging the Editor easier.
It also adds a Rider page to the Preferences dialog with some options. This plugin should be committed to your source control, and Rider will automatically keep this file up to date when new versions are available (this behavior can be disabled in Rider's options). More details can be found here.
Furthermore, when a Unity project is opened, Rider will check its own auto-save settings, and recommend changing behavior to work better with Unity.
By default, Rider will automatically save files when you switch to another application or when Rider is idle. This is usually a great way to work, but it can have a negative impact with Unity projects, as it will cause a recompile which can reset game data if you're in play mode.
To prevent this, Rider suggests disabling auto-save, so you have to be explicit about saving your files. Simply click the link in the notification, and Rider will make the changes – and even let you know what was changed. (And don't worry, Local History keeps you covered, keeping track of all unsaved changes in the background.)
Features – code completion, inspections and more
Rider ships with knowledge of the Unity API, and will mark classes, methods and fields that are implicitly used by Unity directly in the editor.
And of course, Rider makes it easy to generate Unity event functions, either using the Generate menu or simply by typing, with autocompletion.
Hovering over a method or method parameter will display the Unity documentation as a tooltip, or in the QuickDoc popup, calling out event functions that can be coroutines.
Rider's Solution Wide Analysis will allow Rider to find (among other things) public types and type members that are not in use. They will be greyed out, and you can safely delete them, knowing they're not used in your code.
But Unity doesn't work like that – there are classes, methods and fields that aren't used by your code, but called and set implicitly by the Unity engine. Because they're not used explicitly by your code, Rider would ordinarily mark them as unused, but deleting them would obviously cause issues with your game. Fortunately, Rider knows about the Unity API, and will mark these implicitly used types and type members as in use. Even better, it knows that a field value is set implicitly by Unity, but will still warn you if the value isn't accessed in your code.
Of course, if your event function is empty, Rider will still suggest you remove it, for efficiency.
Rider adds a number of Unity specific inspections and quick-fixes. For example, Rider will warn you against using an inefficient string literal comparison with the tag property, and will provide a quick-fix to rewrite this as a call to CompareTag.
Similarly, Rider will warn you if you try to use the new keyword to create a new instance of a class deriving from MonoBehaviour or ScriptableObject. A quick Alt+Enter later, and Rider will fix this up to call gameObject.AddComponent<T>() or ScriptableObject.CreateInstance<T>().
Because Rider knows about the Unity API, it can verify that all of your “magic methods” have the correct signature. It will ensure that all of your event functions have the correct signature, or it will remove the marker that shows that Unity will call the method implicitly. It will show warning highlights and a quick-fix will correct the method signature. Any unused optional parameters are highlighted, ready for removal, and a context action is available to change the return type to IEnumerable for methods that can be coroutines.
There are also inspections for the [InitializeOnLoad] and [InitializeOnLoadMethod] attributes, ensuring they have the correct method or constructor signatures, and Rider will grey out a redundant [InitializeOnLoad] attribute if the class doesn't have a static constructor, with a quick-fix to either quickly remove the attribute, or create the constructor.
And Rider understands Unity's color types, too, showing the color in the editor, and providing an Alt + Enter context action to pick the color from a palette.
One of the more powerful features of the ReSharper engine that powers Rider is the ability to add “references” to string literals. What this means for Unity developers is that Rider knows that the string literal arguments to methods like Invoke, InvokeRepeating, StartCoroutine and StopCoroutine are references to methods. So Rider can validate that the name is correct, and even better, offer code completion, directly in the string literal. And that's just the start – these string literals take part in navigation, find usages and are updated when the method is renamed.
Rider also introduces initial support for .shader files. ShaderLab content has more support than Cg sections just now, but we're working on this for future releases. Shader files get syntax highlighting and simple word completion (aka “hippie completion”). ShaderLab content also gets syntax error highlighting, code folding, commenting/uncommenting, and brace matching, as well as recognizing To-Do items.
Debugging
Rider makes it very easy to debug your C# scripts as they run in the Unity editor. Everything is already configured, and you just need to hit the Debug toolbar button, menu item or keyboard shortcut to attach the debugger to the running Unity editor. You can set breakpoints in the editor, step through your code, look at locals and watch values and evaluate expressions.
And Rider's advanced breakpoint editor allows you to enable or disable a breakpoint, set a condition or hit count, and also decide what happens when it's hit – suspend execution, or continue, after logging a message or value. You can even remove a breakpoint after it's been hit, or only enable it after another breakpoint has been reached – allowing for complex breakpoints in methods that are called frequently, such as Update, or chaining breakpoints in a complex bit of game logic.
And more…
Of course, these are just Rider's Unity specific features – there are plenty more features that will help you navigate, create and refactor your game logic. Rider has over 2,000 code inspections, over 1,000 quick-fixes, nearly 350 context actions and 50 refactorings.
It boasts rich navigation to jump straight to a type, find usages, go to derived or base classes. There's unit testing support, code cleanup, integrated version control, Local History to save your code between commits, NuGet support (and we've made it fast), database tooling and more. It also has access to IntelliJ's rich plugin system, with over 800 plugins already available, from Markdown support to VIM keyboard bindings (the Key Promoter X plugin is fantastic for learning keyboard shortcuts).
All of which adds up to a very rich and powerful IDE, aimed at C# and .NET developers, with Unity support built in. But the best way to find out how good Rider is, is to try it yourself. Download the fully featured, 30-day trial version for Windows, Mac or Linux, and try it with your project today. And don't forget about our Toolbox App, as a great way to manage updates, projects and other IDEs.
And finally, the Unity support is Open Source, on GitHub. If there's a Unity specific feature you think Rider is missing, let us know!
A US "Predator" drone passes overhead at a forward operating base near Kandahar on January 1, 2009. France is the fourth-largest contributor to the international military force in Afghanistan with more than 3,000 troops deployed around Kabul and in forward bases in the east of the country. AFP PHOTO/Joel SAGET (Photo credit should read JOEL SAGET/AFP/Getty Images) File photo of a predator drone in flight (Photo credit: JOEL SAGET/AFP/Getty Images)
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — A Florida Senate panel says police should be banned from using drones to spy on citizens.
A bill (SB 92) that would prohibit law enforcement agencies from gathering evidence or other information flew through the Criminal Justice Committee with a unanimous vote Tuesday.
It also would ban government agencies from using drones for code enforcement.
Sen. Joe Negron, a Stuart Republican who sponsored the bill, first agreed to some changes that made it more acceptable to police chiefs and sheriffs.
The panel amended the bill to make exceptions to the ban for search warrants signed by judges and for certain emergencies such as fires and hostage situations.
The bill also includes an exception for terrorism-related searches.
Negron said the measure would balance the need for security with privacy rights.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
If Mnuchin was speaking in earnest, then we apparently have a Treasury secretary who, like the president they serve, does not read. To argue that we're "50 to 100" years away from AI and automation tells us that Mnuchin took office without bothering to look over any of the economic studies or policy papers about the future of technology and the American workforce written during the past four decades. It means that, somehow, he's missed thousands of news stories published in the American Spectator, the Economist, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the National Review, this newspaper and elsewhere. It means that Mnuchin hasn't even been paying attention to the future of their own industry –– otherwise he'd know that JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, in their 2016 annual letter to shareholders, cited AI as a significant threat to jobs in the banking sector.
A prominent federal appeals court judge in California has been accused by several former clerks and junior staff members of sexual misconduct. Six women — two of whom spoke on the record — said Judge Alex Kozinski had “subjected them to a range of inappropriate sexual conduct or comments” over the years, as recently as 2012, The Washington Post reported.
One ex-clerk said Kozinski, 67, a veteran jurist and former chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, repeatedly showed their pornographic images on their computer and asked if they were sexually aroused by them.
“I was in a state of emotional shock,” Heidi Bond, who clerked for Kozinski in 2006 and 2007, told the Post. “What I really wanted to do was be as small as possible and make as few movements as possible and to say as little as possible to get out.”
Kozinski ― still a judge on the 9th Circuit, the country's largest federal appeals court ― dismissed the accusations in an interview with the Los Angeles Times over the weekend.
“If this is all they are able to dredge up after 35 years, I am not too worried,” said the judge, who is well known for their candid and colorful court opinions. They said they didn't remember ever showing porn to their staffers.
Another former clerk, Emily Murphy, told the Post that Kozinski once made a sexually inappropriate comment about them while they were chatting with a group of coworkers. They suggested they exercise naked at the gym, Murphy said, and when others attempted to change the topic, Kozinski continued to belabor the point.
“It wasn't just clear that they were imagining me naked, they were trying to invite other people — my professional colleagues — to do so as well,” said Murphy, a professor at the University of California Hastings College of the Law. “That was what was humiliating about it.”
Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Judge Alex Kozinski, who has served on the 9th Circuit since 1985, is known for their candid and colorful court opinions.
In a detailed blog post, Bond, now a novelist who writes under the pseudonym Courtney Milan, described some of their interactions with Kozinski.
They recalled the judge calling them into their office and asking them to look at “pictures showed a handful of naked college-age people supposedly at a party where other people were clothed and drinking beer. In one of those photos, a man and a woman were sitting naked on a couch.”
They asked if they thought the images were Photoshopped (she did). And then, they said, they asked: “Does this kind of thing turn you on?”
“I remember feeling that I needed to not move, either physically or emotionally, that if I just treated this like this was normal it would stay normal and not get worse,” Bond wrote. They added that Kozinski showed their pornographic material on at least two other occasions.
Another former staffer told the Post that she, too, had been asked into Kozinski's chambers and shown porn.
Bond wrote of another occasion when Kozinski showed them a “piece of paper listing all the girls that they and their friends had banged while they were in college, tracking their conquests.”
“I don't remember everything they told me. I do remember them talking about how terrible the focus on STDs today was, because nobody was willing to just fuck anymore,” they said.
In a statement to The Washington Post and The New York Times, Kozinski said it was “regrettable” that some of their former staffers had been offended by their behavior.
“I have been a judge for 35 years and during that time have had over 500 employees in my chambers,” they said. “I treat all of my employees as family and work very closely with most of them. I would never intentionally do anything to offend anyone and it is regrettable that a handful have been offended by something I may have said or done.”
Back in 2008, the Los Angeles Times reported that Kozinski kept sexually explicit images and video footage on their private, but publicly accessible, website.
At the time, a judicial council rebuked the judge for being careless in allowing the website to be accessed publicly, and for “exhibiting poor judgment ... [that] resulted in embarrassment to the institution of the federal judiciary.”
UPDATE: On Dec. 15, seven more women came forward in The Washington Post alleging that Kozinski had subjected them to groping, sexual comments or other forms of misconduct. Four women told the Post that the judge had touched them inappropriately. The women all had worked with Kozinski or met them at an event.
That brings the total number of women who have accused the judge of inappropriate sexual comments or conduct to 15.
More than ten years of contentious debate over Canadian copyright law appeared to come to a conclusion in late June when Bill C-11 passed its final legislative hurdle and received royal assent.
Yet despite characterizing the bill as a “vital building block,” the copyright lobby that pressured the government to impose restrictive rules on digital locks and tougher penalties for copyright infringement is already demanding further reforms that include rolling back many key aspects of the original bill.
Unlike the last round of copyright reform that featured national consultations and open committee hearings, this time the lobby groups are hoping to use secretive trade negotiations to forge legislative change. Later this week, the International Intellectual Property Alliance, an umbrella organization that represents movie, music, and software associations, will urge the U.S. government to pressure Canada to enact further reforms as part of the Trans Pacific Partnership trade negotiations.
The IIPA, which recently submitted its position on Canada's entry to the TPP as part of a U.S. regulatory process, takes particular issue with the role of Internet providers in enforcing Canadian copyright law. The Canadian “notice-and-notice” approach, which requires providers to forward thousands of infringement allegation notices to their subscribers, strikes a balance between effective enforcement and free speech, while preserving users' privacy.
The model has begun to attract global attention with countries such as Chile adopting it within its own domestic law. The IIPA sharply criticizes the approach, however, calling for dramatic reforms. It argues that Canadian law “fails to provide meaningful incentives for network service providers to co-operate with copyright owners to deal with copyright infringements that take place in the digital network environment.”
OFFENSE
QB Tom Brady, Patriots
The argument that they haven't played in enough games is a fair one, but here's why I've included him: the games they have played have all been nearly perfect 10s. And we were quick to credit the Patriots' culture when citing the three wins when Brady was suspended. The 17-year veteran has (obviously) been integral to creating that culture. Lastly, it has not been a top year for quarterbacks. Even the guys with big numbers on winning teams—Matt Ryan and Derek Carr—have been very good and rising, but they're not as great as their numbers suggest.
RB Ezekiel Elliott, Cowboys
The offensive line deserves a lot of credit. But Elliott has also quickly developed the necessary patience for letting blocks develop, and their mix of body control and acceleration is arguably the best in football. He's also improving swiftly in the passing game.
WR Julio Jones, Falcons
There's no better in-breaking route runner. That's critical in Atlanta's masterfully constructed base personnel, play-action-driven scheme.
WR Amari Cooper, Raiders
They can afford to be the most patient route runner in football because their body control and quickness are off the charts. This also makes them viable on every type of route you can imagine (and Raiders offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave has imagined a lot).
Slot WR Larry Fitzgerald, Cardinals
You always have to factor in their contributions as a run-blocker.
TE Travis Kelce, Chiefs
There might not be a better-designed offense in the NFL than Kansas City's, particularly when it comes to multi-tight end sets. The versatile fourth-year pro is the fulcrum in many of those designs. He's also a rapidly improving playside run-blocker.
TE Jimmy Graham, Seahawks
He's reemerging as the type of versatile receiving weapon we saw in New Orleans.
LT David Bakhtiari, Packers
Doesn't have a naturally strong anchor, so handling bull rushes has sometimes been an issue. But most of the time he's been an agile, rock-solid pass protector at a key spot on what's been the NFL's best pass-blocking front five.
LG Laremy Tunsil, Dolphins
Has some of the most natural feet you'll ever see, which comes in handy not just in pass protection (where he's been superb) but also in an outside zone rushing attack like Miami's.
C Travis Frederick, Cowboys
No one is better at snapping the ball and immediately crossing a nose tackle's face to pin them back inside. That's the key to Dallas's zone ground game. He's also part of an O-line that's been almost flawless in pass protection.
RG Zack Martin, Cowboys
There might not be a better on-the-move run-blocker in the league right now.
RT Bryan Bulaga, Packers
It's astounding how many teams are vulnerable at this position. Not the Packers.
Dustin Bradford/Getty Images
DEFENSE
Edge: Von Miller, Broncos
No pass rusher dips and bends with more velocity and litheness. He's also had dominant stretches as a force defender against the run.
Edge: Khalil Mack, Raiders
Several edge defenders have had great seasons: Ryan Kerrigan, Nick Perry, Lorenzo Alexander, Brian Orakpo, Whitney Mercilus. And yes, Mack, who by their standards ran a tad hot and cold over the first few weeks. But their hot is usually white, not red. And a lot of times when he's “cold,” he's still impacting games by getting special treatment in the offense's blocking structures.
Interior DE: Jadeveon Clowney, Texans
He's found their NFL niche operating out of a three-point stance, which naturally negates their tendency to play too tall and, more importantly, accentuates their strong, explosive burst, which is what originally created all the hype that he's now living up to.
Interior DE: Jurrell Casey, Titans
Tennessee's entire defense is built on front-seven versatility, both in presnap looks and postsnap movement (think twists, stunts and zone blitz droppers). Casey is unequivocally the most valuable piece here.
DT: Mike Daniels, Packers
Possesses good initial movement skills plus the gradual strength to wear opponents down over the course of a play.
DT: Fletcher Cox, Eagles
Their flourishment in Jim Schwartz's gap-penetrating scheme hasn't come at the expense of their considerable raw power.
Stack LB: Luke Kuechly, Panthers
Let's just say they haven't been Carolina's problem this season.
Stack LB: K.J. Wright, Seahawks
There might not be a sounder all-around 'backer in football. Wright is very good in man coverage up on the line of scrimmage, picking up (and at times carrying) receivers in zone coverage, defending the run inside and outside and, as of late, blitzing.
CB Desmond Trufant, Falcons
One of the select few corners who can play both man and zone coverage outside or inside. Has done so successfully while shadowing star receivers who range in size and style from Doug Baldwin (slot) to Amari Cooper to Kelvin Benjamin. Much more of a playmaker this season, too.
CB Malcolm Butler, Patriots
In a man-to-man centric scheme, he's the stopper designated for the opposing team's quickest receiver. Has excellent physicality and understanding of passing angles.
Slot CB Chris Harris, Broncos
Outstanding hip pocket man-to-man defender. Hasn't been quite as the same as in recent years (bigger receivers have posed problems at times), and it would have been nice to recognize Los Angeles's versatile, hard-hitting slot man Lamarcus Joyner here. But Joyner plays in a zone scheme, while Harris is integral to Denver's man-to-man foundation. Man coverage always presents more flexibility for a defensive play-caller.
S Earl Thomas, Seahawks
He's been much more than just a centerfielder in 2016 (though they remain the NFL's smartest and rangiest there). He's a critical component in the increased snaps of man coverage that Seattle is playing on crucial third downs, both as a pure matchup guy and as a robber over the middle.
S Harrison Smith, Vikings
The MVP of what's been one of the NFL's best defenses. He's a rangy read-and-reactor out of two-shell coverages (Minnesota's foundation), a rock-solid tackler (including in space) and a shrewd presnap disguise artist (including on blitzes).
MVP
1. Tom Brady
2. Julio Jones
3. Andrew Luck
The Colts have struggled, but they'd be all but eliminated if not for him.
4. Von Miller
We think offense when talking about clutch performers. But you could argue no player has made more late fourth quarter impact plays than this guy.
5. Desmond Trufant
Coach of the Year*
* This award should be thought of as a staff award, with the head coach being the representative.
1. Bill Belichick
Besides rewriting the offense when Brady was out, their defense (which is led by coordinator Matt Patricia) remains, from a fundamentals standpoint, the soundest in football.
2. Dan Quinn
Has mixed and matched personnel on defense to concoct an improving bevy of packages. More notable has been the job done by offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan. There isn't a harder team to face with two backs or two tight ends on the field.
3. Andy Reid
All things being equal, from purely a schematic standpoint, their offense is the NFL's best constructed.
4. Jason Garrett
No matter how well your offensive line plays, you don't win seven of your first eight games with a rookie quarterback and running back if those guys aren't being coached well. And consider that this defense has overachieved thanks to two things: the gap-exchange concepts taught by coordinator Rod Marinelli up front (think stunts, twists and D-line slants) and the success that corners Morris Claiborne and Brandon Carr have had after flip-flopping positions.
5. Mike Zimmer
Offensive line injuries might ultimately sink this team, but injuries at quarterback and running back could have easily sunk it long ago.
Offensive Rookie of the Year
RB Ezekiel Elliott
Defensive Rookie of the Year
DE Joey Bosa, Chargers
Guys with their lateral agility and burst come around maybe once every five years.
Comeback Player of the Year
Andrew Luck
Has been better about protecting themselves but hasn't sacrificed the play-extending abilities that make them great.
Most Improved Player*
* It's not an actual NFL award, but it should be.
1. DB A.J. Bouye, Texans
He's been stingy in matchup coverages, both at safety and, more recently, outside corner.
2. OLB Nick Perry, Packers
A fierce edge-setter against the run; on film he's looked as noisy rushing the passer as their six sacks suggest.
3. DL Kerry Hyder, Lions
Most natural as a nickel defensive tackle, but has also been superb against the run and pass as a base down defensive end.
4. TE Jack Doyle, Colts
A sound, thorough lead-blocker who also has the ability to catch balls away from their body.
5. DT Grady Jarrett, Falcons
Flashes with initial quickness and strength every week.
Question? Comment? Story idea? Let us know at talkback@themmqb.com
On Friday, President Barack Obama vetoed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), a controversial bill that would have allowed 9/11 victims and their loved ones to sue Saudi Arabia over the country's alleged ties to the day's terrorist attacks. On Wednesday, the U.S. Senate voted to override the veto and pass JASTA. They voted 97-1 in favor of the bill, with Senators Bernie Sanders and Tim Kaine abstaining.
Senate votes to override Obama's veto of #Jasta 97-1 — w/ Dem Sen Jack Reed opposed.
Not voting: Kaine, Sanders — Lisa Mascaro (@LisaMascaro) September 28, 2016
The White House was against JASTA due to concerns that by limiting sovereign immunity that generally protects foreign governments from being sued, other countries may due the same and go after the U.S.
Now that the Senate has overwhelmingly voted against Obama's veto, the House of Representatives will vote. Should the House override the veto, JASTA will become law.
David Bixenspan contributed to this report.
[Image via Evan El-Amin/Shutterstock]
Jeb Bush: I'm not a criminologist, man.
The mysteriousness of Dylann Roof's motivations for allegedly murdering a room full of African-Americans, rated on a scale of 1 through 10, is zero. Roof has been described by people who knew them as obsessed with racial hatred, has been photographed with racist symbolism, told their victims they planned to murder them because of their race, and even let one live specifically so that they could let the world know the reason for their crime. It is entirely possible that some form of mental illness or adverse life event caused Roof to embrace violent racism, but there is zero doubt that racism directly motivated their actions.
Bizarrely, a number of conservative figures have treated Roof's motives as unknowable. South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley wrote, “we do know that we'll never understand what motivates anyone to enter one of our places of worship and take the life of another.” The Wall Street Journal editorializes today, “What causes young men such as Dylann Roof to erupt in homicidal rage, whatever their motivation, is a problem that defies explanation beyond the reality that evil still stalks humanity.”
Jeb Bush, appearing at the Faith & Freedom Coalition Conference, said, “I don't know what was on the mind or the heart of the man who committed these atrocious crimes.” When pressed for a follow-up by the Huffington Post, Bush continued to equivocate:
“It was a horrific act and I don't know what the background of it is, but it was an act of hatred,” Bush said. Asked again whether the shooting was because of race, Bush added, “I don't know. Looks like to me it was, but we'll find out all the information. It's clear it was an act of raw hatred, for sure. Nine people lost their lives, and they were African-American. You can judge what it is.”
What's genuinely mysterious is not just why conservatives believe such nonsense but why they feel obliged to say it. After all, the Republican Party may be in general denial about the persistence of racism as a continuing force in American life, and openly racist whites may be a part of their constituency (just as they have long been part of the Democratic Party's constituency).
In 2000, George W. Bush gave a speech at Bob Jones University, which banned interracial dating. But Bush was competing in a Republican primary in South Carolina and really needed the votes of whites who opposed interracial dating. Neither Jeb Bush nor other Republicans need the votes of racist murderers to win an election. It would be very easy to identify a confessed white-supremacist murderer without doing violence to the overall conservative worldview. It is not like admitting the persistence of racial discrimination by police or employers or school administrators or courts, all of which put pressure on conservative policies. Just say there are still a small number of racist murderers in America!
Roof's actions are a completely sensible expression of their twisted worldview. It's the failure to admit it that's senseless.
