Update
Clashes have broken out between members of purportedly "anti-fascist" leftist groups and conservatives gathering to protest genital mutilation, honor killings and other practices associated with Sharia law, as part of the nationwide “March Against Sharia.”
Seattle police were forced to use pepper spray on leftists gathering to protest the march after a group of protesters confronted the marchers. The intermittent scuffles eventually forced officers to use bikes to push people back in an effort to keep the two groups separated, the Seattle Times reported.
SPD bike cops created a barricade on north side of protest, separating "march Against Sharia" group from rest of crowd after confrontation pic.twitter.com/QHO7ZaQyBn — Katherine Long (@katherinelong) June 10, 2017
In North Carolina, police could be seen pushing a mob of leftists backs as they moved closer to the marchers, the American Mirror reported.
Large law enforcement at the NC Capitol. An anti-Islamophobia crowd is confronting a group holding a March Against Sharia. @WNCN at 6 & 11. pic.twitter.com/pRyCv5DNwR — Robert Richardson (@RobertReport) June 10, 2017
Tensions escalated in New York City when the anti-MAS crowd crossed Foley Square to throw jugs of rotten milk at the marchers, according to the Daily News. Later, the two sides clashed violently in City Hall Park.
*****
Police departments across America are bracing for another wave of leftist-inspired violence as protesters gather in 28 cities in 19 states on Saturday for the national "March Against Sharia," the Associated Press reported.
Counter-protesters in virtually every city where marches are taking place have promised to disrupt them, catching the attention of local police who have been wary of groups like Antifa and others that identify with far-left politics. These groups have demonstrated a tendency to provoke violent clashes with otherwise-peaceful conservative demonstrators, like those seen on Sunday in Portland, Ore. The MAS were organized by ACT for America, a conservative lobbying group that believes Sharia is “incompatible with Western democracy and the freedoms it affords." Marchers will gather in both smaller communities and large cities like New York, Chicago, Dallas and Atlanta.
The Washington Post reports that “The marches set up the potential for more public clashes between far-right activists and their far-left opposition, similar to recent violent encounters between the political extremes in Berkeley, Calif., and Portland, Ore. While demonstrators argue they are protecting free speech and defending traditional American values, counterprotesters say the marchers underscore a larger trend of intolerance that is increasingly evident across a politically divided country.”
In New York City, the rally kicked off downtown nearly an hour late with a crowd of around three dozen people, some of them in camouflage and waving American flags. A few wore shirts identifying themselves as members of far-right groups Oathkeepers and the III Percenters, according to WaPo. Fox News published some footage of the march, which can be seen below.
Across the street, separated by police barricades and a few dozen police, a few hundred mostly young people, including labor activists and Jewish and Muslim activists, and anarchists, blasted airhorns and whistles and held banners that read “Fascists out of NYC.”
Fox News reported that there have been "some clashes" between the marchers and leftist demonstrators around the country, though it didn't specify where.
Anti-Sharia Law marches and counterprotests take place across the country. #MarchAgainstSharia pic.twitter.com/qjfHQ37n0y — Fox News (@FoxNews) June 10, 2017
Frank Morganthaler, the vice president of the New York State Oath Keepers, told WaPo that the smaller turnout at their rally may have been the result of some people being “intimidated” by the threat of violence from opposition protesters.
“These people go wild,” they said, glancing across the street. “They're crazy. We've seen what they've done in other cities, breaking windows and other stuff.”
The counter-protesters say the March Against Sharia and its organizers are anti-Muslim. Some weekend shoppers are already worried things will escalate into violence.
Of course, some of the counter-protesters interviewed by WaPo were quick to wrongly associate their opposition with a man who stabbed three men, killing two, on a Portland commuter train last month.
Across the street and two sets of police barricades, Marjorie Stamberg, a New York City teacher, held up a sign that read "drive fascists out of NYC."
“Two people were murdered in Portland a few weeks ago by their people," they said. "If they tell you it's about free speech, they're liars. They're killers. They're haters.”
Here's a live feed from the New York march:
And another from Lansing, Michigan:
And a feed from Chicago:
Twitter user @bbusa617 tweeted a map showing all the planned protests:
@ACTforAmerica Saturday June 10Th 2017
**MARCH AGAINST SHARIA**
All Across Our Nation pic.twitter.com/COs0RrBSVG — ????brooks brown???????????? (@bbusa617) June 9, 2017
In Roseville, Calif. more than 100 counter-protesters were planning to show up, according to the local Fox affiliate. However, the Roseville Police Department is prepared and has called in extra officers and additional agencies to step in if things get out of hand.
Google+ Facebook Twitter
The Overview Effect, first described by author Frank White in 1987, is an experience that transforms astronauts' perspective of the planet and humankind's place upon it. Common features of the experience are a feeling of awe for the planet, a profound understanding of the interconnection of all life, and a renewed sense of responsibility for taking care of the environment.
From space, the astronauts tell us, national boundaries vanish, the conflicts that divide us become less important and the need to create a planetary society with the united will to protect this “pale blue dot” becomes both obvious and imperative. Even more so, many of them tell us that from the Overview perspective, all of this seems imminently achievable, if only more people could have the experience!
OVERVIEW from Planetary Collective on Vimeo.
Here's what some astronauts had to say about the experience of viewing Earth from space.
Google+ Facebook Twitter
Comments
comments
Populated largely by medical students and professionals, The Goon Doctor dispenses sound advice to SA's forum users. It doesn't usually show up on the Comedy Goldmine radar, because people aren't really looking for hilarious responses when they post something like "I have a brain tumor" or "my fiance broke their femur." However, Reset_Smith demonstrated the subforum's lighter side by running a number of whimsical tests. Like seemingly all scientific experiments the Forum Goons conduct, this one involved the experimenter's own penis.
Reset_Smith
My penis seems to have a mood indicator. I'm referring to something other than: Hard = Happy.
I'm 23, and for as long as I can remember, there has been this little black dot on my penis. It's on the underside, just below the ridge of the head. A tiny, raised, black spot. I know it isn't STD-related, because I remember noticing it when I was a little boy, back when my penis was made of magic.
I've been picking up on a strange trend, though. Whether going to the bathroom, or just flopping it around for no reason, I've noticed that the dot will change colors from time to time. Looking back on the past instances where I've seen a different color, it seems that the dot was bright red when I was upset. For example: I had a bad day at work today, I came home, and it was red. Then I mellowed out and played guitar for an hour, and now it's black again.
I'm getting ready to conduct a series of experiments to determine the full range of my penis' intuition. Likely, I'll be getting myself into different emotional situations, followed by thorough dong-examination.
If my penis can physically manifest certain emotions, maybe it could be used for self diagnosis? To tell the future? We'll see...
Or, one of you could help me find out what this really is, and save some time
Dick Trauma
It's probably a Campbell de Morgan spot. I've got one or two on my body, so does my Dad and my brother. Blood flow to your dick is minimal most of the time so the spot would be pretty dark, unlike if you had it on your chest skin, where blood flow is consistent and it would be red all the time.
So unless you get worked up or have an erection it's not going to have enough blood in it to look red.
Reset_Smith
Thank you, Dick Trauma. I'm glad that someone with that username could make sense of this. But I'm still convinced that it's magic.
Further research to come ...
On my way home from work, I stopped at the gas station to conduct an experiment. At the front counter, the scratch ticket display was organized in a 3x3 fashion, with tickets increasing in value as they ascend the grid.
I went to the bathroom to consult my penis.
The plan was to purchase tickets associated with the position and color of the dot. For example, should my junk be shifted to the left, with the black spot, I'd purchase the lower left ticket. But if the spot is red, I'd purchase the ticket in the opposite corner.
My penis was hanging slightly to the right, and the spot was dark, like rich Colombian coffee.
I zipped up, went to the counter, and purchased the ticket in the lower right corner.
Then, to establish a control group, I purchased the ticket in the center of the grid, and, just for the hell of it, I bought the ticket on the left, as well.
Here they are. Labeled accordingly.
Could it be?
Did I just profit a dollar?
Holy shit.
Perhaps I should return to the gas station and up the stakes.
Dick Trauma
Impressive, but I'd be more impressed if you scratched off those tickets with your pecker.
Researchers and neonatologists studying fetal cardiac development have typically run into critical limitations, as many of the known structures of the human heart can only be identified in the latter stages of gestation. Now, a group of investigators at the University of Leeds has just published data, using cutting-edge imaging technology, that shows that major structures of a baby's heart form in just four days. Findings from the new study—published today in Scientific Reports in an article entitled “Ventricular Myocardium Development and the Role of Connexins in the Human Fetal Heart”—help identify the precise time when the four chambers of the heart develop, opening up the possibility that doctors could eventually be able to monitor babies during this critical phase of their development.
“We have identified a critical time of development of the human heart in pregnancy,” explained lead study investigator Eleftheria Pervolaraki, Ph.D., a visiting research fellow in the School of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Leeds. “We now have a map that we can use to interpret problems during development and look at ways of trying to resolve those problems.”
The current study involved the imaging of 23 fetal hearts with a gestational age range of 95 to 143 days in the womb. Moreover, the researchers looked at how the heart developed 13 to 20 weeks into pregnancy. The researchers used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technology, specifically written algorithms, and 3D computer software to visualize the growing heart.
“We employed diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging to explore the architecture and tissue organization of the developing heart aged 95–143 DGA [days gestational age],” the authors wrote. “We show that fractional anisotropy increases (from ~0.1 to ~0.5), diffusion coefficients decrease (from ~1 × 10−3mm2/sec to ~0.4 × 10−3mm2/sec), and fiber paths, extracted by tractography, increase linearly with gestation, indicative of the increasing organization of the ventricular myocytes.”
The authors continued, stating that “by 143 DGA, the developing heart has the classical helical organization observed in mature mammalian tissue. This was accompanied by an increase in connexin 43 and connexin 40 expression levels, suggesting their role in the development of the ventricular conduction system and that electrical propagation across the heart is facilitated in later gestation.”
Remarkably, the research team found that the most dramatic changes occurred over a four-day period 124 days into the pregnancy. Within this brief period, the muscle tissue of the heart rapidly organizes. Cardiac fibers were laid down to form the helix shape of the heart, within which the four chambers of the heart form. Without this essential architecture in place, the fetal heart cannot survive outside the womb.
The investigators noted that there was an incredible level of consistency around the fact that this phase of the heart's development started between the 16- and 17-week point, precisely at 124 days into pregnancy. Additionally, the team also identified a possible mechanism involved in heart development. During the critical four-day period, they found increased levels of two proteins: connexin 40 and connexin 43.
“The expression of connexin 40 and connexin 43 helps cells in the heart to communicate with each other,” remarked study co-author James Dachtler, Ph.D., a research fellow in the department of psychology at Durham University. “As the amount of these proteins increases, cells can 'speak' to each other more effectively, which is why we believe we observed this structural development of the heart.”
The scientists acknowledged that the development timeline of the human heart remains elusive because of the difficulties of measuring development in the womb. Currently, doctors can only effectively monitor a baby's heart after 20 weeks into a pregnancy, and by then developmental problems are difficult to resolve.
The research team believes the specialist imaging techniques that they used could be adapted for use in hospital clinics, allowing clinicians to spot whether a baby's heart is failing to form properly.
“Our findings highlight a key developmental window for the structural organization of the fetal heart,” the authors concluded.
When Ingrid Cataldo arrived in Montreal from Chile 20 years ago, they had their heart set on becoming a police officer. But like many immigrants, they had a hard time convincing their mother that being a cop is a respectable profession. Them mother wanted them to get a university degree; so Cataldo enrolled at Université de Montréal and studied social work and criminology.
After receiving their diploma on graduation day, Cataldo hugged their mother and whispered something in their ear. “I told her: ‘Now, I'm going to become a police officer.' ”
Cataldo, 41, has been a Montreal police constable for 13 years, having entered the force through an equal opportunity program at a time when the SPVM was hiring more women.
Almost four years ago, the SPVM's human resources department was looking for a new recruiter, someone who could be successful in persuading members of Montreal's growing visible minority community to join their ranks. As a visible minority officer who speaks French, Spanish, Italian and some English, Cataldo felt they were a good candidate. The force agreed and gave them the difficult task of trying to woo other minorities into the police force.
For years, Montreal police have talked about wanting to increase the force's diversity, and its top brass hasn't been shy about expressing frustration at not being successful. In 2014, only 317 of the force's 4,601 officers were members of a visible minority – about 6.8 per cent. Another 193 were ethnic minorities and 17 were First Nations.
Former police chief Marc Parent acknowledged the department struggles to recruit non-white officers. “For some, it's a trust issue, maybe. For others, it's not a respectable profession for them,” they said before their retirement this year. Among officers who work on the beat, about eight per cent are visible minorities. Philippe Pichet, the force's new chief, said that number is not high enough.
“If we want a police force reflecting the population, we have to work, and work to do our best to get to that goal. I don't know if we'll get to it, but we're working on it,” they told the Montreal Gazette shortly after being sworn in.
Visible minorities comprised about 31.7 per cent of the population in greater Montreal according to the 2011 census.
Cataldo said one of their biggest challenges in dealing with visible minorities is demystifying the work police do. “We have to get rid of stereotypes and that takes time,” they said, adding that many immigrants harbour resentment about corrupt police practices in their homeland. “I tell them they don't have to cross the street or put their head down if they see a police officer on the sidewalk, like they might do in their country,” they said. “We tell them that we work with the public and help people on the ground.”
With the burgeoning number of immigrants on Montreal Island, it's imperative that the force reflect that reality, Cataldo said. “They (immigrants) need to see themselves in us,” they said. “If I get called to a crisis and the person is speaking Spanish, it's obvious that it will be easier for me to calm them down if I can speak to them in their mother tongue.”
As the force's main recruiter, Cataldo visits high schools, speaks to academic advisers, attends career fairs and has met with community liaison officers across the island “so we are all on the same page about recruiting.”
Two programs have been successful in persuading young minorities to consider police work as a profession, they said. In one program, called Classe Affaires, Cataldo teaches high school students about all aspects of police work. They visit different departments, meet with officers from visible minorities and learn the day-to-day duties of an officer. As part of the program, Cataldo meets with the students' parents to address their concerns about their son or daughter pursing a career as a cop.
At the end of the month-long summer program, the families are invited to a ceremony where students are presented with a certificate for participating. “At the end, there are mothers who hug us (because they are proud),” Cataldo said last week during a break at an English Montreal School Board recruiting fair. “They see I am a woman from another country, a mother and I am also a police officer.”
In another orientation program called Jeunes Explorateurs, interested students spend a day with Cataldo learning about police work. Some of the participants have gone on to work as police cadets and have been accepted into police technology programs at CEGEP. “I see that they're making strides because they send me an email saying: ‘Ingrid, I got accepted in police technology.' ”
Cataldo said they recently helped recruit two aboriginal officers who were hired by the SPVM after completing their training at the police academy in Nicolet.
They have also created a pool of police officers from many visible minority communities who accompany them to events in different communities across Montreal. The officers speak several languages, including Arabic, Mandarin, Spanish and Creole, they said. “When I show up with an officer who speaks the language of the community, it breaks down barriers.”
Apart from wanting to hire minority recruits who have completed a three-year CEGEP program, the force is also looking to hire aboriginals, visible and ethnic minorities though an equal opportunity program called the Conventional Program. Eligible candidates must have a bachelor's degree, a three-year CEGEP diploma, or have completed two years at college and have 30 university credits. These candidates complete 30 weeks of training at Collège de Maisonneuve or Collège Ahuntsic followed by 15 weeks of training at the academy in Nicolet. Cataldo said they are promoting the program in employment and adult education centres, but acknowledged that there's still a lot of work to do to persuade some minorities that police work is valuable. “In some cultures, they're ashamed if their child wants to apply to police technology,” they said.
The SPVM has plans to hire 164 officers in 2016.
Christopher Lunammachak, 22, a police technology student at John Abbott College, appears to be exactly what the Montreal police are looking for.  They are trilingual, affable and a visible minority who is passionate about police work. “I like the human contact with the people, I like to help people and policing is about customer service,” Lunammachak told the Montreal Gazette. “I love the adrenaline and when people are in need, you're the solution to their problem.”
Lunammachak, who lives in Laval, also knows all about parental misgivings when it comes to police work. Although they have dreamed of being a police officer since they were a child, their parents, who are from Laos, initially didn't support their decision because they wanted them to become a dentist or a doctor. “At first, they were like, it's too dangerous,” they said. “In our country, the police officers are corrupt. They're not there to help you; they're there to steal from you. Once my parents came here, they learned it is different in Quebec and Canada. Now they support me 100 per cent.” Only four of 33 students in their class at John Abbott are members of visible minorities.
At the Quebec police academy in Nicolet, where CEGEP graduates go to complete their training, the number of students who say they belong to a cultural community or First Nations has remained stable at about eight or nine per cent over the past decade, said Pierre St-Antoine, the academy's director of communications.
While observers acknowledge that some cultures frown on police work as a career, a Montreal civil rights activist suggested that other issues might be at play. Recent negative publicity around the force's dealings with the public, like student protests or racial profiling, could be a factor, said Fo Niemi of the Centre for Research-Action on Race Relations (CRARR).
Niemi said CRARR has had complaints from three or four visible minority candidates who didn't get accepted to the police technology program at John Abbott College because they couldn't pass the swimming test, which requires candidates to swim 200 metres in less than six minutes. “They wanted to us to denounce the policy because for some cultures, swimming isn't what they do for sport,” they said.
Niemi said it would be fairer to accept the candidates on the condition they can pass the swimming test by the time they graduate, as is the case at CEGEP Maisonneuve.
Four years ago, the police academy instituted a mandatory swimming test for police technology graduates as a condition of acceptance to the academy because too many CEGEP graduates were failing the academy's test, St-Antoine said. This encouraged the police technology programs to improve their swimming standards. The CEGEP students' swimming ability has improved so much over the past three years that the academy decided last year to no longer evaluate swimming ability.
Paul Chablo, the chairperson of police technology at John Abbott and the former head of public relations for the SPVM, said they would like the force to make a bigger effort to recruit English-speaking visible minorities. When representatives from the Montreal police and the Sûreté du Québec come to John Abbott, their presentations are only in French, they said.
“Everyone knows that when you join the police you're going to be working in French for 25 years and we prepare our students to do that,” they said. “But when you are greeting kids at 17 and 18, who might not be completely bilingual yet, it would be nice to greet them in their mother tongue. If you want them to be passionate about a career, you need to talk to them in their mother tongue.”
Cataldo, who often visits John Abbott on recruiting missions, said they are trying to improve their English, but doesn't get very many opportunities to speak the language. At the EMSB career fair two weeks ago, they often addressed the students in French, but happily switched to English once they realized some students were struggling to speak to them in French. There was also another officer at the career fair who was fluent in English.
Every March, Cataldo invites 20 EMSB students to spend the day with their learning about police work.  They are also planning to put videos in both languages on the force's website providing information about careers in the force.
Egbert Gaye, who runs Montreal Community Contact, a newspaper that caters to Montreal's black community, said they think police need to do more to recruit black candidates, both anglophone and francophone. “Just coming to play basketball with them isn't enough,” they said. “A lot of kids would see it as a viable option as a career. But they have to build trust and you do that by outreach, by going into the community and speaking to groups. They need to make more of an effort.”
kwilton@montrealgazette.com
twitter.com/katherinewilton
If you sat me down and told me that I'd be walking away from Titanfall 2 missing my new giant robot buddy, I'd have called you crazy, and yet here I am, wishing there was some way I could spend more time with BT-7274.
The next installment of Respawn Entertainment's Titanfall builds on the gameplay experience that made the first game feel so unique among a sea of shooters on the market. Like the original, Titanfall 2 channels fast-paced action and movement throughout its campaign while working to bring a greater sense of understanding to the giant robotic warriors everyone loves to fight in.
Unlike the original, Titanfall 2 features an entire single-player campaign centered on the conflict between the Interstellar Manufacturing Corporation and the Frontier Militia who are fighting over a sector made up of the deepest reaches of explored space. Because these worlds are largely untouched, the IMC have begun to harvest them for natural resources to power the cities back home by force, and that's why the Militia are fighting to stop them.
In Titanfall 2, you'll take on the role of Jack Cooper, a grunt in the Militia who joined to take a stand against the IMC, following an attack on their community. Since first enlisting, Cooper has been working their way up to the status of pilot through hours of practice with their mentor, but never had the opportunity to complete their training by the books. After an attack on an IMC facility, things take a turn for the worse and Cooper finds themselves behind enemy lines with their mentor's Titan BT-7274.
When they first start working together, it's obvious they aren't very connected when it comes to communication and combat. Continuously, you'll be instructed on the proper use of the equipment at your disposal by BT-7274, and can respond with witty one liner in small bits of dialogue. But, as you work your way through the campaign, you'll slowly start to see a relationship develop that, quite frankly, sits right up there with Tango and Cash.
From a narrative standpoint, it's a shame Cooper and BT are the only characters who stuck out. Titanfall 2 presents an average war story along with a handful of intriguing cast members, but none of them get the attention they deserve. Take Sarah Briggs, leader of the Militia's elite combat unit called the Marauder Corps. Throughout the first few acts of the campaign, she's talked up as one of the best fighters and most respected individuals the Militia has at their disposal. But, instead of showing that to the player, Respawn opted to just tell us, and that didn't sit well with me when I saw them and the others talking like buds during the credits.
Like with Titanfall, Titanfall 2 focuses heavily on the traversal system Respawn Entertainment designed — one filled with wall running, double jumping and controlled fast-paced movement. Back in 2014, this movement system was limited to what strategies worked against other players, but this time around things are a little different. Respawn didn't just improve the responsiveness of wall running and jumping; they built the entire campaign to support it around every corner.
The result is a series of engagements that make you feel like the badass warrior described by Cooper in the opening lines of the campaign. You aren't running around shooting enemies or sitting behind cover popping off shots at snipers in the distance. You're actively circling around them and hitting them where it hurts.
Usually this plays out like a scene from John Wick, where you'll be executing an enemy to take their weapon and then running around eliminating their squad mates one-by-one while chaining wall runs. It's exhilarating, refreshing and truly embraces the sort of combat Titanfall was made for in a way multiplayer can't capture.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Most of your time in Titanfall 2's campaign will be spent with your boots on the ground, but there's a decent portion that will also take place inside your Titan. Like those present in multiplayer, BT-7274 has a few different loadouts that you get access to, each with a unique core ability and set of weapons to help you navigate the battlefield. These, unfortunately, serve little purpose outside the various boss encounters where specific abilities help you with the fight in question, but that doesn't detract from the Titan combat overall. I'm sure the idea was to let players use the Titan weapons they preferred, and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
Naturally, the story is complemented by a multiplayer experience as well. But, when it comes down to it, the campaign is what makes Respawn Entertainment's Titanfall project such a strong contender the second time around. While it does have a few narrative shortcomings and a generic war story, it's excellent level design combined with the relationship between Cooper and BT make for one hell of a ride. It's a ride I'll happily be taking again if Respawn continues to tell Cooper's story.
Beginning in the 1860s, porters carried small brown Pullman Co. manuals that cataloged their duties in detail. They were required to know everything from how to perform first aid to repair the furnace. In the early years they were forbidden to sleep, sometimes working 24 hours straight, catering to the passengers' every need no matter the hour. Later, they were allowed to take the empty beds but could only use blue blankets laundered separately from the passengers' gold-colored blankets. The color lines were literally drawn. Porters had to know the 12 steps to pouring a beer, remember how a passenger took their or their coffee, and know the official way to make the beds. They were also instructed not to make eye contact with passengers and to face away when moving aside for a lady to pass, but always smile.
Porters were to be present and invisible at the same time.
After clearing dessert and washing the dishes, waiters Larry Mathus, Jeremy Kniola and Jeremy Johnson and chef Mark Guzman eat dinner in the kitchen, below the dining room. Greismann, the conductor, joins them.
I ask how they found the job.
“Craigslist,” they say in unison.
This is a small run, only three cars, but at full capacity there would be a conductor who oversees all operations, a flight attendant (described by Pullman Rail Journeys as being like a maitre d'hotel), an executive chef overseeing four cooks and two waiters, a car attendant who does a bit of everything, and one porter. The porter performs various duties. They carry bags and explains the amenities of the train (as I've seen Lightfoot do already), cleans the rooms, makes up the berths at night, sweeps the cars, stocks drinks and snacks in the bar car. But he's also expected to perform any of the other services and assist the other members of the dining car crew in making drinks and taking orders.
“What were you doing before this?” I ask the guys in the kitchen.
“I was the manager of a Blockbuster, but it went out of business,” Greissman says. “I've always loved trains, though. My wife hates them, so I didn't get to ride them much. Then I found this job. A dream come true.” The waiters worked in upscale restaurants, and Guzman was a chef for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. They say he's used to the travel: the circus moved around the country by train.
Around 3 a.m., after walking back and forth for an hour in search of Lightfoot, I find them helping a passenger look for a lost book in their room. Lightfoot finds the book wedged between the bed and the window. I ask them what was the strangest request from a passenger he's ever heard, but they just laughs in reply.
The working conditions on the new Pullman trains are in stark contrast to the old days. Today, porters only work one run a week. Our train carries about a dozen passengers, as opposed to the original trains' serving 100,000 beds a night all across the country. The crew says the hourly wage is low, but they make it up in tips, which are pooled at the end of each trip, and they have benefits. It's been hard to find a job in today's economy and they're happy to have one.
Robb Topolski, the man who helped unearth Comcast's P2P interference, wants Comcast customers to opt out of the $16 they have coming to them from a class action lawsuit. But Eric Somers, the lawyer leading the class-action case, just can't understand the sentiment.
"This is a good settlement," they told Ars. "If you opt out, you're basically giving that money to Comcast."
At issue is the settlement of the Hart v. Comcast class action, a resolution three years in the making. When John Hart noticed that their BitTorrent connections would "hang"—sometimes for an entire night—he called up Somers and asked if they knew anything about it. Comcast was still denying that P2P upload blocks were in place on its network, and it took the legal team time to figure out what was happening.
Hart's case was the first one filed, and their lawyers were eventually certified as counsel for the entire class of affected Comcast users. Since 2008, Somers and their team have argued that Comcast violated the FCC's Internet Policy Statement (PDF); the FCC famously agreed. Comcast agreed to settle the class action suit rather than proceed to trial.
The deal puts Comcast on the hook for $16 million, plus up to $3 million extra for the lawyers. That $16 million will be split up between every Comcast subscriber who was affected, with a cap of $16 per person—but no one gets any money unless they sign onto the class at the official settlement website. Any unclaimed money goes right back into Comcast's coffers.
Best possible result?
Somers believes this is the best deal they could get—and better than anyone is going to get in the future. As the judge noted, the damages here aren't easily quantifiable, and Comcast argued that people were barely affected; they could still do e-mail, browse the Web, even download on BitTorrent. Where was the real harm?
As for putting that $16 million pot to better use, say by funding some bigger public project, Somers said he'd love to do that—but courts frown on class-action awards going anywhere but to those actually harmed.
Sixteen dollars isn't enough to do much more than buy a bottle of decent wine, but Somers says that those who want the small individual payouts to do more common good should donate them somewhere like the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "That would be fantastic," they said.
Besides, they argue, if you're concerned about the settlement, look at what just happened in DC. There, the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit recently tossed out the FCC's entire authority over "network management" and invalidated the agency's Comcast order. If the case went to trial, the ruling "makes it more difficult to win the case, absolutely."
What about the common complaint about class actions, that they disburse tiny amounts of money to victims but concentrate large sums on a single law firm? "There was an enormous amount of work" on this case, Somers said, pointing out that their firm has fronted the money on this case since the beginning and that it fought to keep its own award from coming out of the general class settlement fund.
After creating the $16 million pot of cash, Somers now wants to see people claim it: "I don't think anyone's going to do any better than that."
Politico Contributing Editor Posts Gossip About A Three-Year-Old Donald Trump, Jr. Swearing at Preschool Teacher
This is our media in 2017. Virginia Heffernan, a contributing editor to Politico and Wired, posted a malicious tweet Wednesday night targeting Donald Trump, Jr. with gossip that they swore at a preschool teacher when they were three years old.
Virginia Heffernan, image via Twitter avatar.
Heffernan posted the tweet in reply to a report Trump spent nine hours testifying to the Senate Select Intelligence Committee on Wednesday.
“My friend Anna taught Don Jr preschool in Manhattan. They asked them to move their mat one day and they said, “Fuck you, bitch.” They were three. Today's for you, Anna.”
Donald Trump Jr. has left the building. 9 hours after arriving. They waved. They didn't comment. Hair still slick. — Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) December 14, 2017
https://twitter.com/page88/status/941102462823526400
Heffernan wrote their friend quit teaching afterward, “She quit teaching forever at the end of that year. It's not a # metoo story but it was extremely disorienting. Many of us are essentially in service roles to the rich, and it takes its toll.”
They quit teaching forever at the end of that year. It's not a # metoo story but it was extremely disorienting. Many of us are essentially in service roles to the rich, and it takes its toll. — Virginia Heffernan (@page88) December 14, 2017
In response to CNBC reporter John Harwood, who asked, “for real? that's amazing”, Heffernan replied, “Yes. She's not on Twitter but I'm sure she'd @snopes it up if they got in touch. It may surprise you to know she's not in early education anymore.”
Yes. She's not on Twitter but I'm sure she'd @snopes it up if they got in touch. It may surprise you to know she's not in early education anymore. — Virginia Heffernan (@page88) December 14, 2017
Trump was born on December 31, 1977, so this alleged incident would have taken place in 1981–36 years ago–when they were three years old. But Heffernan wasn't there and is just relaying decades old gossip. But she's a member of the Blue Checkmark media mafia, so them say so is good enough.
Sad.
Airlines to beef up their fleet
Capacity of Indian airports: 28.2 crore passengers per annum
Estimated demand by 2020: 21 - 39.6 crore passengers per annum
Sometimes, numbers tell a story better than words. Sample this: domestic air travel demand surged to over 1 crore passengers in November 2017, a nearly 17% growth over the same period in 2016, according to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. In the 11 months of 2017, a record 10.6 crore people flew within the country compared with 9.9 crore during the whole of 2016. Now this is set to rise higher.The Narendra Modi government is aggressively pushing its regional connectivity scheme, UDAN — Ude Desh ki Aam Nagrik (Let the common man fly) — which makes flying accessible to millions of Indians by encouraging airlines to fly to under-served airports.Under the initiative, airlines will have to sell some of their seats (9-40) at no more than Rs 2,500 per hour of flying, for which they will be compensated by the government.Five airlines were allotted 128 routes in the first phase of UDAN in March. The government has also given the go-ahead for 19 Private Labels Owned by Offline and Online Retailers Backed by a government scheme, flying is set to become more common Aviation Will Fly Even Higher new airports and reviving 50 unserved/under-served airports and airstrips.By 2036, India is estimated to have 48 crore flyers, which will be more than that of Japan ( just under 22.5 crore) and Germany ( just over 20 crore) combined. There is another statistic that underscores the Indian aviation boom: India will overtake the UK to become the third largest air passenger market by 2025, according to a recent report by the International Air Transport Association (IATA).“UDAN scheme seeks to promote regional connectivity by serving the unserved and under-served airports,” said Vice-President M Venkaiah Naidu , while inaugurating the 2nd Aero Expo India 2017. Connecting tier-II cities, pilgrim towns and historic places with the wider air routes is important for boosting tourism and business travel, Naidu said, adding that India became the world's fastest growing domestic travel market for the 22nd straight month, recording a 26.6% year-on-year growth in January 2017.The trend of more and more Indians opting for flights overtrains and buses will only play out in a bigger way in the new year.UDAN — Ude Desh Ka Aam Nagrik — is a regional aviation scheme that encourages airlines to fly to under-served airports. The subsidised scheme requires airlines to sell a certain number of seats (between nine and 40) at a maximum fare of Rs 2,500 per hour of flying. Five airlines — Air India , SpiceJet, Turbo Megha, Air Odisha and Air Deccan — were allotted 128 routes to fly in the first round of UDANNo. of airlines in India in 2014: 395No. of airlines in India in 2017: 548Existing fleet: 158Expansion Plan: To add 19 aircraft by March 2019Existing fleet: 114Expansion plan: To add 86 planes by 2024Existing fleet: 147Expansion plan: 448 more planes by 2024-25Existing fleet: 57Expansion plan: 157 more aircraft by 20239 crore10.6 crore
House Republican lawmakers sought to reverse previously passed legislation restricting the display of the Confederate flag in federal cemeteries by slipping a provision stripping the legislation into a larger appropriations bill that included Zika funding. The House bill passed last week on largely partisan lines, but was blocked in the Senate Tuesday by a Democratic filibuster.
The Confederate flag language was just one of a number of controversial provisions included in the bill, which also included an amendment cutting Planned Parenthood funding and other swipes at the Obama administration's public health initiatives.
Republican lawmakers are warning that the American public will now blame Democrats if Zika becomes a full-blown health crisis. But Democratic leaders suggested that filibustering Tuesday's bill was an easy call — pointing to provisions like the Confederate flag reversal.
Believe it or not, the GOP Zika bill reverses the ban on flying the confederate flag at military cemeteries. Really! Idiotic. — Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) June 28, 2016
When a bipartisan House majority approved of the initial legislation restricting the display of Confederate flag on national cemeteries last month, the vote was hailed as a landmark moment for Republicans, who in the past have had to pull appropriation bills from the floor over Confederate flag controversies.
Dear Fellow Americans, I have a few things I wish to get off my chest, my mind, my heart, my gut, my gall.
I wish I had a talk show so I could daily correct the misinformation and slander I see put forward. Most of the assholes in media do not know how to connect dots. They don't remember, or perhaps they choose not to remember, certain things and with others they leap to false conclusions. They all choose what the talking points will be. This will not only be an analysis of media, punditry and corrupt party politics, but also how Donald Trump can become a better candidate.
Let me first start with the known declaration by the GOP establishment to deny Donald Trump the nomination at all costs. Just take a look at the smirk on Reince Priebus's face when the subject is broached. With the whole apparatus on the attack, it is a wonder Trump is doing as well as they are. Now, add to this the coverage by pundits. They scrutinize at the behest of the establishment in order to do everything to take Trump down.
In contrast, let's take Lyin' Ted Cruz, who keeps attacking Trump for giving money to Democrats in political campaigns. As a business person in New York City, Trump has said they have given to both the GOP and DNC, did they not? Well, none of you in the media have really come to Trump's defense in this — and you should. I recently did my own Google search: All corporations and businesses do the same. It is common practice.This should be stated by the media to neuter this attack on Trump, but instead, they let it take hold. Corrupt.
Next, let's discuss Michelle Fields. I understand the narrative of the poor female shoved in the crowd. Look, abuse of women is wrong. My younger sister was killed at the hands of an ex-boyfriend, and with three daughters, it is a concern of mine. But, when girls want to be in the Boy Scouts, when women wish to go into battle and become Navy Seals, when females want to compete as males, when the feminists have declared war on men, we must admit we live in a different time. The double standard is in full swing. I have been on movie sets where a straight female star gave a hug to a wardrobe girl and the company was sued for sexual harassment. Not everyone is innocent. Yes, not even women sometimes. The only question in this incident is Corey Lewandowski saying they never touched them Now, based off their statement about “almost falling” down, this could have been a mistake on their part in who they are, knowing that they hadn't had that kind of encounter. I know of people who cause incidents so they can sue. I am not saying this incident was handled with as much grace as it should have been — but it was totally blown out of proportion by for one reason only: to destroy Trump. This, remember, is the game plan. This is the sole objective.
Let me now go to a different issue: Cruz's “New York values” statement. Trump ably defended themselves on this, but I would have gone much further. I will be brutally honest: For years, “New York Liberal values ” was attributed by some as “those New York liberal Jews.” Yes, I said it. I have heard it from different people my whole life. Cruz saying this was a sort of cloaked message in Iowa. If you do not think so, you're being dishonest. But few pundits have picked up on this or his” anointment” by Glenn Beck. Lest you forget, Glenn Beck is the John the Baptist for Cruz's Christ. If it were Trump,there would have been an outcry about anti-Semitism. But Cruz gets a pass and goes to Brooklyn and makes matzo, their Dukakis moment.
Next, let me bring up how Trump's words have been distorted over, and over, and over again. Friends, this is all part of the media's instructions to “get Trump.” They had initially confounded them in interviews and coverage making the most seasoned talking head seem lost. Well, eventually those offended will viciously strike back whenever they can. And with their honesty, Donald has made this easy for them. If there is a small piece of advice to offer him, it's this: Don't be so transparent. You see, while a lot of us appreciate the brashness and honesty, it is deemed by some to be beneath the office of the Presidency. We want our presidents to be elegant, duplicitous liars. We have come to expect this from our political class. The politburo does not want transparency. They want deceit and they want comfort food for the American people so they can continue to be boiled alive like frogs. We have begged for politicians that will be transparent, and now we have one, and they are letting the American people in on a corrupt process, the elite panic.
Let me say this to my mishpacha: I believe if we can ever achieve peace in Israel, it is Trump who may be able to broker the deal. The attacks they have gotten for saying the term “Palestine” are unwarranted. Do any of you phony pundits and Cruz bots think for one second Trump isn't a friend to the Jewish people? I would need 2,000 words to explain the strategy and subtlety of their words on this and what they were trying to set forward.
Next, let me discuss Megyn Kelly, who fired the first missile on the “war on women.” While it does irk me to see this continual conflict between them, Trump in a strange way is the voice for the majority that has been drugged with political elitism, and the media is the pusher man, mainlining heroin into the veins of Americans. Trump has exposed like no other to what has been rotting our country. For over 20 years, they watched our nation as it is destroyed. Trump remembers what our country was like. Cruz does not have that reference point. Cruz was in Canada when Trump was building in the USA. Cruz is a globalist. America does not need this any longer.
What I wish to say to Mr. Trump is this: I believe America is ill and they need a father at this particular time. I have said this before: take a look at Donald Trump's children. Mr. Trump, if you could make one adjustment, it would be to think each day to cherish America like you do your children who are exemplary examples. If, God forbid, if your daughter Ivanka and wife Melania were ill, you would assemble the best there is and make sure everything is being done to ensure their health. You must bring this into your campaign to disarm the corrupters. We, your supporters, know you do. We also know the battles you are waging. Those who wish to wrangle the presidency from you will do everything in their power to deny America them pick.
You have the deal. It is within your grasp to close it. In the name of your dear father Fred Trump: “Take the lumps out, son!”
The 2.5-120 is GE's first Brilliant wind turbine with energy storage, advanced controls, and forecasting algorithms. The turbine can analyze and transmit thousands of data points a second to drive higher wind farm output. The company says it is the world's most efficient high-output and the first brilliant wind turbine. The turbine is the first to bring together world-class efficiency and power output at low wind speed sites, capturing a 25% increase in efficiency and a 15% increase in power output compared to GE's current model.
The turbine's high efficiency and high output unlock higher returns for wind farm operators at low wind speed sites. Advanced controls let its 120-m rotor capture more energy and generate more power output in low-wind areas. The taller tower, which has a maximum hub height of 139 meters, makes it ideal for heavily forested regions in places such as Europe and Canada.
“Our 2.5-120 is the first wind turbine that uses the Industrial Internet to help manage the intermittency of wind, providing smooth, predictable power to the world regardless of what Mother Nature throws its way,” said Vic Abate, vice president of GE's renewable energy business. ”Analyzing tens of thousands of data points every second, the 2.5-120 integrates energy storage and advanced forecasting algorithms while communicating seamlessly with neighboring turbines, service technicians and customers.” This advanced technology drives higher wind farm output than GE's current offerings, improves services productivity and creates new revenue streams for customers.
Over the past year, GE has successfully demonstrated the integration of wind power and energy storage at its facility in California, delivering predictable power to the grid. The first prototype of the 2.5-120 will be installed in the Netherlands next month.
The turbine also minimizes sound emissions to meet the strictest noise requirements through advanced controls technology. In addition, the new wind turbine is optimized for IEC Wind Class III and DIBT WZ2 standards. The 2.5-120 is available for 50 and 60 Hz applications.
The 2.5-120 is GE's first Brilliant wind turbine with energy storage, advanced controls and forecasting algorithms. The turbine can analyze and transmit thousands of data points a second to drive higher wind farm output. The company says it is the world's most efficient high-output and the first brilliant wind turbine. The turbine is the first to bring together world-class efficiency and power output at low wind speed sites, capturing a 25% increase in efficiency and a 15% increase in power output compared to GE's current model.
The turbine's high efficiency and high output unlock higher returns for wind farm operators at low wind speed sites. Advanced controls let its 120-m rotor capture more energy and generate more power output in low-wind areas. The taller tower, which has a maximum hub height of 139 meters, makes it ideal for heavily forested regions in places such as Europe and Canada.
“Our 2.5-120 is the first wind turbine that uses the Industrial Internet to help manage the intermittency of wind, providing smooth, predictable power to the world regardless of what Mother Nature throws its way,” said Vic Abate, vice president of GE's renewable energy business. ”Analyzing tens of thousands of data points every second, the 2.5-120 integrates energy storage and advanced forecasting algorithms while communicating seamlessly with neighboring turbines, service technicians and customers.” This advanced technology drives higher wind farm output than GE's current offerings, improves services productivity and creates new revenue streams for customers.
Over the past year, GE has successfully demonstrated the integration of wind power and energy storage at its facility in California, delivering predictable power to the grid. The first prototype of the 2.5-120 will be installed in the Netherlands next month.
The turbine also minimizes sound emissions to meet the strictest noise requirements through advanced controls technology. In addition, the new wind turbine is optimized for IEC Wind Class III and DIBT WZ2 standards. The 2.5-120 is available for 50 and 60 Hz applications.
GE Power & Water
www.ge.com
SAN FRANCISCO — Twitter sued the federal government on Thursday to block the unmasking of an anonymous account that has posted messages critical of the Trump administration and has claimed to have ties to a government agency.
The suit sets up a potential confrontation between the Trump administration and Twitter over digital privacy, a thorny issue that has driven a wedge between the technology industry and government in the past.
Twitter disclosed in a federal court filing on Thursday that it had received a summons directing it to reveal the identity or identities of those behind @ALT_USCIS, one of several so-called alt-accounts run by people purporting to be current or former federal employees. The @ALT_USCIS account, which quickly gained tens of thousands of followers, has frequently criticized the Trump administration's immigration policies and enforcement actions.
Twitter said in its filing that it could not be compelled to disclose the identity or identities of whoever is behind the account. The company argued that the government's directive and reasoning were unlawful, and that complying would have “a grave chilling effect” on the speech of alt-accounts that voice resistance to government policies.
Julian Assange, the founder of the whistleblower website Wikileaks, has had their passport confiscated by immigration officials when they arrived at Melbourne Airport last week.
According to reports, the passport was returned to them after about 15 minutes, but Assange was told by authorities that their passport was going to be cancelled because it was looking worn.
But Assange told the Australian current affairs programme Dateline that they have since received a letter from the Australian Communication Minister Steven Conroy's office stating that the the Australian Federal Police (AFP) has been asked to investigate the recent disclosure on Wikileaks of the Australian government's blacklist of banned websites.
Last year Wikileaks published the confidential list of websites the Australian government is preparing to block under its proposed internet filter, which included links to YouTube clips, sites on euthanasia and pornography.
Immigration officials reportedly told Australian newspaper The Age that Assange's passport is classified as 'normal' on the immigration database, meaning the Wikileaks founder can travel freely on it.
Assange said half an hour after their passport was returned to him, an AFP officer searched one of their bags and questioned them about a previous criminal record relating to computer hacking offences from when they were a teenager.
However, The Age reports that an AFP spokesperson said the federal police had dropped the case earlier this year because it was 'not in our jurisdiction'.
Wikileaks, which publishes anonymously sourced confidential documents from governments and corporations, was launched in January 2007. Last month Wikileaks published classified US military footage of an American attack helicopter gunning down Iraqi civilians in 2007.
Assange, who is Australian but does not have an official home base and travels every six weeks, told Dateline that Australia is one of several countries where they feel unsafe.
This story, "Wikileak Founder's Passport Confiscated" was originally published by Computerworld UK .
In an appearance on CNBC, Richmond Federal Reserve president Jeffrey Lacker noted that the fed simply doesn't have any interest in stopping bitcoin. Lacker calls the digital currency “private money” and doesn't see why the fed should have to do anything about it.
“They're going to have trouble gaining market share if its value's going to fluctuate so much, but it'll be interesting to watch,” said Lacker. “It's a free market and I don't see why they have an interest in stopping it.”
But some may question the authenticity of such statements. Does the fed really not care to do anything? Could that stance change when/if bitcoin continues to grow larger?
Questions to think upon, but it could very well be considered great news in the meantime.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond is one of 12 Fed districts in the United States, and is the second largest by assets held (with the New York bank being the largest). Watch the CNBC interview here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COURTLAND, Miss. – Authorities say a green thumb landed a Courtland man behind bars after more than 1,000 marijuana plants were discovered inside a greenhouse behind their neighbor's house Tuesday morning
The Panola County Sheriff's Department said it weeded out what it described as the “sophisticated” marijuana growing operation when they were doing a welfare check on the elderly man who owns the home on McNeely Road off Highway 51.
While they were at the house, they discovered the marijuana in a greenhouse near the woods, but said it was the homeowner's neighbor, 58-year-old Kenneth John McMillan, who was responsible for growing the pot.
“There was a canopy, plastic, pretty sophisticated,” said Sheriff Dennis Darby.
Darby said McMillan was cooperative and admitted to growing the marijuana.
“He told us that they were teaching themselves how to grow marijuana so they could move to Colorado,” said Darby.
McMillan's neighbor, Rosie Thomas, said they had no idea what was going on just yards away from their front porch.
“If I see it, I wouldn't know it any way and so, I don't use anything like that,” said Thomas.
Authorities said it's likely the elderly homeowner had no idea what was going on at the back of their property either.
“I think they (McMillan) had told them (the homeowner) they were planting some shrubs in there,” said Darby.
WREG went by the house Thursday, but was promptly ordered to leave by a man that resembles McMillan.
Homeowners in Courtland said they hope McMillan is just as considerate in the future, and leaves their plants out of their yards.
“I hope the Lord don't anybody come up here on my property doing all kind of junk like that,” said Thomas.
McMillan has been charged with manufacturing marijuana.
WREG has confirmed that they were recently hired to cut grass at the Panola Country Club, but a club manager told us that their future there is uncertain.
Government legislation to aid publication of a secret legal report on the Lockerbie bomber case may fail to work properly, it has been claimed.
The bill would let the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission decide whether to release the document on Abdelbaset al-Megrahi's appeal.
Senior QC Sir Gerald Gordon said publication could still be hampered by data protection laws.
Lockerbie campaigner Dr Jim Swire expressed a similar concern.
The Scottish government is holding talks with UK ministers to help ensure data protection issues can be overcome.
Megrahi, the only person to have been convicted in connection with the 1988 attack, which killed 270 people, returned home to Libya in 2009.
They dropped the appeal against their conviction in order to secure their early release. Meghrahi, who was diagnosed with terminal cancer, returned to Libya after being released from jail in Greenock on compassionate grounds.
A report on the case sent to the appeal court by the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission (SCCRC), which investigates possible miscarriages of justice, has not been released.
The Scottish government's Criminal Cases Bill suggests several legal reforms, including giving the SCCRC new powers to publish reports in appeal cases it has looked into, where such appeals have been abandoned.
Sir Gerald - who was member of the SCCRC board at the time Megrahi's application was considered and has seen the commission' s report - said the decision on publishing the report should rest with politicians.
"I do not think that determining whether publication of the Statement of Referral (SOR) is appropriate, far less deciding to publish it, is itself an appropriate function for the SCCRC," said the former sheriff and high court judge, in a submission to Holyrood's justice committee.
It is clear that the parliament has no power to dispense with the Data Protection Act Sir Gerald Gordon QC
"The SCCRC was set up to decide whether a case should be referred to the high court - the decision whether or not to publish the SOR is a political one and should be decided by politicians."
Sir Gerald added that, while they had no expertise in the field of data protection: "It is clear that the parliament has no power to dispense with the Data Protection Act, and there may even be a question as to whether it can make any specific provisions regarding the disclosure of personal data.
"If that is so, there would seem to be little point in legislating on the matter unless and until Westminster does what is necessary."
The concerns were echoed by Dr Swire, whose daughter Flora was killed in the bombing of Pam Am flight 103 and who believes Megrahi is innocent.
In a submission to the committee, the Justice for Megrahi campaign, of which they are a member, said existing legislation could be used to block publication.
"Under the bill, common law and statutory obligations of secrecy or confidentiality could be founded upon by the suppliers of the information, or any persons directly affected by it, in any legal action taken by them to block disclosure," it stated.
Image caption Abdelbaset al-Megrahi dropped their appeal before their release on compassionate grounds
The group argued that secondary legislation could be introduced to overcome such a hurdle.
Ken Macdonald, from the office of the UK information commissioner, which deals with data protection issues, said the Scottish government bill would help ensure publication of the report "meets with the provisions" of the Data Protection Act.
They added: "The bill contains a robust legislative framework which will ensure that such disclosure is fair and lawful."
A Scottish government spokesperson said: "The bill puts in place a framework that will enable, as far as possible within devolved competence, the disclosure of information by the SCCRC in cases where an appeal has been abandoned or has fallen.
"This government continues to do all we can to achieve publication of the statement of reasons in the Al-Megrahi case, while of course we cannot legislate on reserved matters."
To take a 1934 assassination and tie it in to modern day events as if its part of a great conspiracy throughout time is the apex of paranoia. It is more misinformation disguised as fact. It is a lie. Period.
You would think the events of the 19th Century and Turkish occupation and empire collapse, Austrian land grabs and World War I, World War II and Nazis manipulation of the ethnic groups against each other, the Cold War and the clampdowns by Tito, and civil wars that resulted after the collapse of Yugoslavia would demonstrate most clearly how murderous and fanatical just about all the ethnic groups in the Balkans are to each other. These events and real history demonstrating far more than any fanciful conspiracy theory what really happened here.
A Serbian King killed by a Croat who didn't like being ruled by a Serbian King and the resulting chaos on the streets in Paris in its aftermath resulted in the deaths of several others.
The next time you feel the urge to rally on a conspiracy theory, head to a library and pull out books on the subject done by people who actually did research on the matter and there is where the real truth lies.
At least far closer to the real truth than the imaginations that pass off as the truth.
my best
-Ray Bottorff Jr
- May 9, 20081934 Conspiracy? Gimme a break...
​Images altered by author. Images: NASA & Department of Energy
As far as we can tell, Mars is a desolate-looking desert, with no obvious life. Sure, there may still be microbes there, but I think it's safe to say that there is not an advanced civilization living on the Red Planet. But was it always that way? Did Mars once host a bustling civilization, one that perhaps was capable of nuclear warfare? Let's check in with some conspiracy theorists to find out.
I'm going to let Andrew, a guy who runs the UFO Sightings Cape Town YouTube page, set the scene.
"There are literally hundreds of building ruins in a few of NASA's panoramic images. What has happened on Mars? Was it a Nuclear WAR, or perhaps Asteroid hits? The fact of the matter is, that there are many pockets of living humanoids all over Mars," they wrote on a YouTube video showcasing some of these "building ruins."
Let's just put this out there. This is one of the fringiest of fringe conspiracy theories out there. Andrew is probably just a wee bit off their rocker, but they didn't randomly make up the idea that there was civilization on Mars and that it could have died in a nuclear WAR.
A separate conspiracy theorist believes the Martian holocaust and the Ark of the Covenant are related. Image: ​Arkcode.com
​
For that, let's take a look at an excerpt from Did Spacemen Colonize the Earth?, a book published by Robin Collyns in 1976. Earlier in the following passage, Collyns argues that there certainly were nuclear explosions on Mars.
"It is difficult to imagine a nuclear explosion on Mars that was not deliberately caused," Collyns writes. "It is very likely that the explosion was made for some constructional purpose. Thus, the [nuclear observations] can serve as one of the proofs in the favor of existence of rational life on mars."
Pseudoscience and wild conjecture are fun, but John Brandenburg, a plasma physicist who got their degree from UC Davis and who has seemingly had a relatively normal, distinguished career for a scientist, has staked their reputation on their theory that Martian life was, perhaps purposefully, destroyed with nukes.
"Was Mars murdered?" they muse in a book about the theory.
Brandenburg's appearance on Supreme Master Television Screengrab: Supreme Master Television
In an oddly disconcerting interview with "Supreme Master Television," a thoroughly bizarre station run by the Supreme Master Ching Hai International Association cult, Brandenburg notes that Mars had two ancient humanoid civilizations, called Cydonia and Utopia, which had a level of technology similar to that of the ancient Egyptians.
What happened to those Martians? Nukes, they say.
"Two great disasters happened on Mars," they told Supreme Master TV, pointing to Utopia on a map. "One here, and then an asteroid impact happened here, and Cydonia was right in between them. That's puzzling. Why would so many bad things happen in one area of mars that just so happened to have archaeology on it?"
That was back in 2011. Since then, Brandenburg has decided that both disasters were nukes, and possibly "natural" nuclear explosions that could have been caused by some cosmic weirdness like an asteroid hitting radioactive material or something like that. Today, however, they have upped the ante.
This weekend, he's going to present new research at a meeting of the American Physical Society that they say proves that there were indeed nuclear explosions on Mars and that they are consistent with nuclear bomb "airbursts," meaning that there's no possible way these were natural. They said in a statement emailed to me that the evidence he's found is "consistent with mixed fusion-fission explosions."
It's worth noting ​that the other sessions at the meeting appear to have well-regarded university researchers from all around the world presenting experimental particle physics results and things of that nature, so I have to say that Brandenburg's research (which certainly does not appear to be peer-reviewed) appearing alongside that is pretty weird.
Brandenburg's theory about where the explosions happened. Image: ​ Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics
Here's their case, set to be published in the Journal of Cosmology and Astrophysics, a journal that just published a study about the Big Bang being a hologram:
"The high concentration of Xenon-129 atmosphere, the evidence from Krypton-80 and the detected pattern of excess abundance of Uranium and Thorium on Mars surface, relative to Mars meteorites, first seen by the Russians and now confirmed by the Mars Odyssey Spacecraft Gamma Ray Spectrometer, mean that the surface of Mars was apparently the site of massive radiological events, which created large amounts of signature isotopes and covered the surface with a thin layer of radioactive debris enriched in certain elements relative to its subsurface rocks. This pattern of phenomenon can be explained as due to two large anomalous nuclear explosions on Mars in the past."
Alleged ruins on Mars. Screengrab: ​UFOSightingsCapeTown
So, there's the theory. Reading that, it's possible, until you get to the last line, to think that hey, here's a scientist who thinks something weird happened on Mars—the idea of there being a naturally occurring nuclear explosion on a planet that has radioactive elements on it hasn't been completely ruled out by NASA, after all.
But then, well, they are presenting published, quasi-scientific research suggesting that these were anomalous and not natural. If that's not clear enough, maybe the description and title of their upcoming book Death on Mars: The Discovery of a Planetary Nuclear Massacre will drive it home.
Or we can just read the conclusion to their paper, a preprint version of which they shared with me.
"Given the large amount of nuclear isotopes in Mars atmosphere resembling those from hydrogen bomb tests on Earth, Mars may present an example of civilization wiped out by a nuclear attack from space," they wrote.
"It is possible the Fermi Paradox means that our interstellar neighborhood contains forces hostile to young, noisy, civilizations such as ourselves," they added. "Such hostile forces could range from things as alien as AI (Artificial Intelligence) 'with a grudge' against flesh and blood, as in the movie Terminator, all the way to things as sadly familiar to us as a mindless humanoid bureaucrat like Governor Tarkin in Star Wars, eager to destroy planet Alderann as an example to other worlds."
It is of course worth noting that no high profile scientists have given any credence at all to this theory.
To gauge whether Brandenburg's thoughts have gained any traction with conspiracy theorists, I hunted around for their reactions to their earlier work. Here's what I came across:
Arkcode.com:
"Having seen the evidence presented by Dr. Brandenburg, I feel certain that we need to actively plan for a possible defense against whoever perpetrated the assault on Mars. In fact, as U.S. Space Command has access to all the data that they (and this family) have, as well as all the other pertinent data that exists out there, I'd be amazed to learn that our preparations have not been underway for a very long time." ​
Ross Holcomb, Mysterious Universe comment:
"There are other possibilities as well. Consider a very high tech civilization where a few folks mis-applied high energy technology and it got out of hand, causing a sever explosion and catastrophe a couple of million years ago. Perhaps a similar thing occurred on earth about 13,000 ya resulting in a cataclysmic event sinking Atlantis and energetically causing the Bermuda Triangle (and other anomalies) to activate. It may not have been "nuclear" and may not have been used in warfare."
Mercurio, Above Top Secret Forums:
"I think if it was a weapon, it was something much more powerful than nuclear bombs. Something more advanced than what we have now."
Shorty, Above Top Secret Forums:
"I believe that after a nuclear war broke out on Mars. The surviving Martian race emigrated to the Earth, building the Pyramids and Sphinx to represent the features on mars so that when we were intelligent enough we might discover that there was once a thriving powerful E.T race on mars."
So, there you have it. Were ancient Martians blown up by other aliens? Almost certainly not, but if we are similarly destroyed, at least one dude will be able to say "told you so."
Warren Buffett hardly needs an introduction – the legendary 83-year-old investor and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway has a résumé that can put just about anyone to shame.
However, you're unlikely to find the phrase “bitcoin believer” on this particular CV.
Speaking to CNBC, Buffett touched on many issues, from the crisis in Crimea to their eventual successor and even bitcoin. What the ‘most successful investor of the 20th century' had to say about the latter is not very encouraging, however.
Bitcoin won't be around in a decade or two
Buffett brought up bitcoin in a curious context. They argued that in wartime it is much better to hold stocks rather than money. They pointed out that they made their first investment in 1942, when the war in the Pacific wasn't going very well for the US.
They were right to do so, as the stock market grew during the war, while the dollar depreciated.
“American businesses are going to be worth more money. Dollars will be worth less, so that money won't buy you quite as much, but you'll be much better off owning productive assets over the next 50 years than you will be holding pieces of paper or, I'm not sure, bitcoins,” they said, chuckling.
Buffett does not view bitcoin as a currency at all:
“It's not a currency. I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't around in the next 10-20 years.”
Buffett went on to point out that bitcoin is being priced off the dollar and that it is simply not a durable means of exchange.
Wars, markets, economies
Buffett appears to believe that world markets are overreacting to Russia's decision to deploy troops to the Crimea, essentially invading Ukraine via a back door.
They said that they simply do not take such things into consideration, adding that they don't buy businesses based on macro factors. In other words, even the prospect of a war in Europe leaves Buffett unfazed.
The CEO is bullish on the stock market and the US economy in general. They point to moderate, but consistent growth over the last few years and the resilience of the economy in face of public mistrust.
It is easy to see why some people may be reluctant following the crash of 2008, but Buffett thinks everything is in order – nobody is getting wildly optimistic or pessimistic, they conclude.
Image Credit: The White House / Flickr
Another way to enjoy zucchini. These Grilled Zucchini Roll-ups are an easy appetizer or snack idea and the filling is totally customizable!
Hi Friends!
First of all, thanks so much for all the love on my 5th blogiversary yesterday! Be sure to check out my Best of the Bean post if you missed it!
Moving on to today. It's time for another recipe round-up with some of my fav bloggers! In case you missed our past round-ups, check out my Mexican Black Bean Dip + 5 Healthy Black Bean Recipes and my Small Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies + 6 Ways To Use Almond Flour.
Today we picked a seasonally appropriate veggie to focus on – Zucchini!
You guys know I've been going zoodle crazy over here! I just shared 6 Quick & Easy Zoodles Recipes last week. So I decided to push my own limits and go beyond zoodles and zucchini bread (which would have been my next choice). Instead, I made you these fun little zucchini roll-ups. They make a fun appetizer or snack and can easily be customized using your favorite dips, meats, veggies, etc!
Here's how I made mine:
Grilled Zucchini Roll-ups ★★★★★ 5 from 3 reviews An easy and delicoius recipe that's perfect for an appetizer or snack and is easy to customize to your liking! Author: Lindsay L Ingredients 2 medium zucchini
olive oil, salt and pepper
hummus
cooked chicken
red pepper, minced
onion, minced
crumbled feta cheese Instructions Cut the ends off the zucchini, then thinly slice lengthwise. Brush with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill for 2-4 minutes per side depending on thickness. Let cool or refrigerate until ready to use. Spread one side of each zucchini strip with hummus. Top with chopped chicken, veggies and cheese and roll. Place seam side down on a plate.
There are no quantities needed here. You can make as many or as few as you'd like. It may take a little practice to slice your zucchinis to the thickness you want so you might want to buy an extra. Good thing they're super cheap 🙂 I prefer them on the thinner side so you have more of a chance to taste what's inside.
Feel free to change up the contents. Easily make them vegetarian or vegan by leaving out the meat. If you have a favorite dip that you want to use instead of hummus, go for it! (My Spicy Feta Dip would be good!) Just don't fill them too full or they'll be hard to roll.
And now, just in case your garden or grocery cart is overflowing with zucchini, you're also gonna want to try all of these recipes!
Hello delicious. Everybody has one minute!
Healthy 1-Min Flourless Chocolate Cake
via Arman @ The Big Man's World
I could probably eat 27 of these in one sitting!
Zucchini Corn Fritters with Black Bean Salsa
via Sarah @ Making Thyme For Health
Can you say breakfast perfection?!
Goat Cheese, Tomato & Zucchini Frittata
via Julia @ The Roasted Root
The perfect mid-morning snack!
Banana Zucchini Oatmeal Cups
via Alexis @ Hummusapien
Get your veggies in at breakfast!
Shredded Zucchini Breakfast Pizza for One
via Kylie @ Yeah Imma Eat That
Enjoy!
–Lindsay–
TALLAHASSEE — The Florida Supreme Court took a wrecking ball to Florida's political landscape Thursday, throwing out the state's carefully crafted congressional districts drawn by the GOP-led Legislature and ordering a new map within 100 days.
In the historic 5-2 ruling, the court not only ruled the maps were the product of an unconstitutional political gerrymandering, it signaled its deep distrust of lawmakers and provided detailed instructions on how to repair the flawed map in time for the 2016 election.
"This is a complete victory for the people of Florida who passed the Fair District amendment and sought fair representation where the Legislature didn't pick their voters," said David King, lead attorney for the League of Women Voters and the coalition of voter groups which brought the challenge. "The Supreme Court accepted every challenge we made and ordered the Legislature to do it over.''
The new maps are likely to reconfigure nearly all of the state's 27 congressional districts, open the door to new candidates, and threaten incumbents, who will now face a new set of boundary lines and constituents close to the 2016 election.
The most significant change came in the North Florida district held by U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown, D-Jacksonville. The court ordered District 5, originally drawn by a federal court in 1992 and which extends from Jacksonville to Orlando, must be redrawn in an east-west direction, potentially making room for a minority-access district in the Orlando area.
The court also ordered revisions to South Florida Districts 25, 26 and 27, currently held by Republican U.S. Reps. Mario Diaz-Balart, Carlos Curbelo, and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. In the Tampa Bay area, the court ordered the redrawing of District 13, currently held by Republican David Jolly, and the 14th, held by Democrat Kathy Castor.
Writing for the majority, Justice Barbara Pariente said the court affirmed "the trial court's factual findings and ultimate determination that the redistricting process and resulting map were 'taint(ed)' by unconstitutional intent to favor the Republican Party and incumbents."
But the justices reversed the trial court's order approving the Legislature's revised redistricting plan "because we conclude that, as a result of legal errors, the trial court failed to give the proper effect to its finding of unconstitutional intent, which mandated a more meaningful remedy commensurate with the constitutional violations it found."
The court concluded however, that the plantiffs didn't show enough evidence to support revisions to the whole map but ordered changes to eight districts "and other districts affected by the redrawing."
The court also ordered the Legislature to turn over all documents related to the redrawn maps and urged lawmakers to refrain from conducting secret meetings and "consider making all decisions on the redrawn map in public view."
In siding with a coalition of Democrat-backed voter groups, the court majority concluded that lawmakers violated the Fair District amendments to the Florida Constitution. The amendments were approved in 2010 by more than 63 percent of voters — over the objections of the Republican-controlled Legislature — to prohibit lawmakers from intentionally drawing districts that favor incumbents or political parties.
The court gave the Legislature 100 days to meet in special session to complete a new map, and ordered the trial court to issue an order that opens the door for it to review the final product. House and Senate leaders have not responded to the ruling.
The victory was long-fought for the plaintiffs in the case, a coalition of voter groups including Common Cause and the League of Women Voter who worked to get the amendments added to the constitution and tried and failed to get the lower court to redraw the entire map.
"This has been a long, hard battle against what has been unbelievable devious political scheming and egregious behavior of our politicians,"' said Pamela Goodman, president of the League of Women Voters of Florida.
The new rules not only created new standards but forced a trial that revealed that the once-a-decade process of redrawing political boundaries that had been touted by legislators as "historic" and "transparent" was clouded in secrecy.
In addition to resetting the political landscape, the ruling could put incumbents at greater risk than is normal in a mid-decade election, said Michael McDonald, a political science professor at the University of Florida and an expert on redistricting, because any shift in district boundaries gives them less time to appeal to new constituents.
"In a typical redistricting cycle, the redistricting happens well over a year prior to the next congressional elections and that gives incumbents a lot of time to do things they can claim credit for,'' McDonald told the Times/Herald.
"All they can do is spend campaign dollars,'' McDonald said. "They can't do other things to endear themselves to constituents."
Last summer, Leon County Circuit Court Judge Terry Lewis concluded that political operatives had worked to "hijack" the state's redistricting process and tainted the map with "improper partisan intent." But rather than reject the entire map, Lewis ordered two districts to be redrawn — District 5, a snake-shaped district that stretches from Orlando to Jacksonville and is held by Brown, a Democrat, and District 10, an Orlando-based district held by U.S. Rep. Dan Webster, a Republican.
In 12 pages, the Supreme Court recounted in detail the trial court evidence that revealed the depth of the relationships between the partisan political operatives and the legislative leaders — even noting how GOP consultant Marc Reichelderfer lived near former House Speaker Dean Cannon and how "their families spent time together, Reichelderfer saw Cannon on the weekends."
The court commended Lewis' finding that the maps were "tainted by unconstitutional intent" to benefit Republicans and incumbents but disagreed with their legal reasoning for limiting the fix to two districts and leaving the rest, because the Legislature no longer deserved to be given any deference.
"After reaching the conclusion that the 'redistricting process' and the 'resulting map' had been 'taint(ed)' by unconstitutional intent, the burden should have shifted to the Legislature to justify its decisions, and no deference should have been afforded to the Legislature's decisions regarding the drawing of the districts," the court wrote.
The Legislature held a special session last August to make the changes. Plaintiffs appealed, asking the Florida Supreme Court to reject the map and approve an alternate proposed by the plaintiffs.
The ruling renewed the racial tensions that have coursed through the Florida's redistricting battle for decades.
Brown blasted the decision as "seriously flawed" and a potential violation of the federal Voting Rights Act. They repeated the claims of lawyers for the Legislature and the NAACP who said that dissolving their district would divide black communities and perpetuate the racially polarized voting that in the past has prohibited African-Americans from electing representatives of their choice.
"As a people, African-Americans have fought too hard to get to where we are now, and we're certainly not taking any steps backwards," they said in a statement.
King said that Brown has a right to challenge the ruling in federal court but hoped they wouldn't.
"The court makes it abundantly clear the new configuration will be an ability for the district to election a minority candidate,"' they said.
The ruling establishes a new legal standard for what has already a history-making process. During the precedent-setting trial, reporters and the public were removed from the courtroom and the live television stream was shut off to allow political operative Pat Bainter to testify for three hours.
GOP political consultant Frank Terraferma and other political operatives testified how proposed maps with shadowy names such as "Sputnik," "Schmedloff" and "Frankenstein" were created and then secretly shared during the months legislative staff were also drawing maps.
For the first time in state history, sitting legislators were called to testify and they admitted to routinely deleting redistricting records. A legislative staffer admitted to giving a flash drive of maps to a GOP political operative two weeks before they became public. Phone records of a House speaker and their right hand man, sought for more than a year, were never produced. And legislative leaders acknowledged they met secretly with their staff and political operatives to discuss strategy.
The maps drawn by political consultants closely mirrored those submitted under the name of a former Florida State University student Alex Posada, who denied being associated with the redistricting process. Plaintiffs argued that was proof that GOP consultants had orchestrated a "shadow" system to infiltrate the redistricting process.
The congressional maps were first challenged in 2012, the year they adopted by the Florida Legislature.
The plaintiffs filed a second lawsuit this year, challenging the Senate maps, also drawn in 2012. Oral arguments in that case have been scheduled for September in the Circuit Court of the Second Judicial District in Leon County.
Contact Mary Ellen Klas at [email protected] Follow @MaryEllenKlas.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bomb-throwing scribe Matt Taibbi, whose memorable and colorful gifts to the language include calling Goldman Sachs a "giant vampire squid," has a lengthy profile of Rep. Michele Bachmann (R) in the latest issue of Rolling Stone. Coming off their strong debate performance last week, Bachmann is leading the entire GOP presidential field in the latest Zogby poll, and Taibbi sharply warns skeptics to take the Tea Party favorite seriously. Not that he's particularly nice about it. Here are six key takeaways from Taibbi's "vitriolic" profile:
1. Bachmann is paranoid and delusional
In Taibbi's telling, Bachmann is "a religious zealot whose brain is a raging electrical storm of divine visions and paranoid delusions." But she's the "right kind of completely batshit crazy" to do well in modern U.S. politics — a kind of "grandiose crazy, late-stage Kim Jong-Il crazy" that comes from "living completely inside... the vast sand castle she's built" in their mind. This renders them unable to meaningfully communicate with people "on the other side of the moat, who are all presumed to be enemies."
2. Them religiosity is their biggest weapon
Bachmann "found Jesus at age 16," and conservative Christianity has been a big part of their public life ever since. Bachmann believes that God literally told them to run for president. "Snickering readers in New York or Los Angeles" think this makes them crazy and unelectable. But America is full of people with similar views on faith. This is really the crux of Taibbi's "anti-Christian screed," says Joe Newby at Examiner.com. They "hates Bachmann primarily because they are a Christian."
3. Them campaign isn't a joke
Bachmann may well be "the funniest thing that has ever happened to American presidential politics," Taibbi says, but we underestimate them at our own peril. "Every time you laugh at her, they get stronger." When Bachmann says something ridiculous, the "contemptuous laughter" from the "overeducated cultural elite from both parties" just makes the millions of religious voters who buy into Bachmann's brand of conservatism more determined to vote for them — or rather, against us.
4. She's a skilled politician
Bachmann is much stronger, more focused, and politically brilliant than most people give their credit for. Look at their trajectory: A short 10 years "from small-town PTA maven to serious presidential contender." And it isn't too hard to imagine them winning the caucuses in socially-conservative Iowa, which could propel them to the GOP nomination, setting up a race between "Barack Obama and a soaring unemployment rate versus a white, God-fearing mother of 28 from the heartland." (Bachmann raised five of their own children, and 23 foster children.)
5. Bachmann isn't Sarah Palin
"Palin is clearly bored by the dreary, laborious aspects of campaigning," while Bachmann is a "ruthlessly goal-oriented... relentless worker" who stays fixedly on-message. She's also a better speaker, says Heather (Digby) Parton at Hullabaloo. Instead of Palin's "rambling nonsense," Bachmann's "bizarro world" pronouncements are quite precise, and have at least "a sort of ideological symmetry."
6. There are some un–Tea Party skeletons in their closet
A sign of their political acumen is that in 2009, "while other Republicans floundered in the wreckage of the post-Bush era," Bachmann "cannily positioned themselves as the congressional champion of the Tea Party." But their "leadership role" in the anti-government, anti-tax movement seems at odds with their history as an IRS tax collector, support for the Patriot Act and other invasive laws, and their championing of using government to crush gay marriage and Islamic Sharia law. "Michele Bachmann is — what's the old-school term? — a poser," says Ohio Tea Party organizer Chris Littleton.
Read the entire article in Rolling Stone.
Wednesday, Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, released a statement on the Orlando terrorist attack that targeted the LGBTQ community this past weekend. Their statement was posted to Facebook.
Unlike many American politicians, PM Netanyahu had no problem identifying the terrorist's motives or speaking directly to the ideology behind them.
Text of their statement here:
In Orlando, a terrorist walks into a nightclub and murders nearly 50 human beings. Sons and daughters, brothers and sisters cut down in cold blood.
They did nothing wrong. They were dancing with friends, they were enjoying music with loved ones.
Why did the terrorist murder them?
Because they were driven by a fanatical hatred.
They targeted the LGBT community because they believed they were evil.
Now, the murderer wasn't alone.
Regimes and terrorist organizations around the world ruthlessly persecute the LGBT community.
In Syria, ISIS throws gays off rooftops.
In Iran, the regime hangs gays from cranes.
Too many people have remained silent in the face of this awful persecution.
This week's shooting wasn't merely an attack on the LGBT community. It was an attack on all of us, on our common values of freedom and diversity and choice.
Radical Islamist terror makes no distinction between shades of infidel.
This week it was gays in Orlando. A few days before that it was Jews in Tel Aviv. Before that it was music fans in Paris; Travelers in Brussels; Yazidis in Iraq; Community workers in San Bernardino; Christians and journalists in Syria.
All of us are targets.
We believe that all people are created in the image of God.
ISIS, by contrast, believes that all people who aren't just like them deserve to die.
We will not be terrified into submission.
We will fight back. And we will triumph.
Today I ask you to reach out to friends in the LGBT community. Comfort them.
Tell them you stand together, we stand together as one. And that you will always remember the victims.
Tell them they will never be alone, that we are all one family deserving of dignity, deserving of life.
I have no doubt that those who seek to spread hate and fear will be defeated.
Working together we will defeat them even faster.
We need to stand united, resolute in the belief that all people regardless of their sexual orientation, regardless of their race, regardless of their ethnicity, all people deserve respect, deserve dignity.
The Taylor Place Student Residence Hall at the Arizona State University downtown Phoenix campus. (Photo: Michael Schennum / The Republic)
UCF has officially added a Downtown Orlando campus to its five-year plan.
Many students think of downtown as a place to barhop and hook up, but soon students may find themselves going downtown for school.
The university received $2 million from the Tallahassee state legislators as planning money in order to fully examine a downtown campus this year and see if it would be beneficial to establish a larger UCF presence downtown.
"The downtown campus was added to the capital improvement plan. But that action doesn't change our status of evaluating the feasibility of moving more programs downtown," UCF spokesperson Chad Binette said.
The UCF Board of Trustees voted July 31 on a five-year capital improvement plan, which will include a $75 million campus and a $15 million parking garage.
"State Sen. Andy Gardiner has been working on additional components of what a bigger University of Central Florida campus would bring to Downtown Orlando. We've been looking at what Arizona State University did in Downtown Phoenix," Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer said.
The campus is planned to be a joint-use facility with Valencia College, which could share in the cost.
According to the Board's capital improvement plan, the cost for the proposed student housing — which will consist of 800 beds — will be $50 million.
The parking garage will include 1,300 spaces.
"UCF's capital improvement plan includes projects that might be part of our long-term vision. Some end up moving to the construction phase, while others may not," Binette said.
The Creative Village project site, home to the old Amway Arena, is likely to be a possible location for the future downtown campus.
"It certainly would be one area we would consider," Binette said. "It's got the potential to be a great win for UCF and a win for downtown and all the businesses there. We just want the experts to come in and take a look and see it that's the case."
Dyer added that the city has already received a $2 million appropriation to examine what a UCF campus at Creative Village might do, which could have "huge ramifications."
UCF has already established a presence downtown with two very unique locations.
Across from the old Amway Arena and the Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre stands the Center for Emerging Media, which caters to the electronic arts crowd. Located on Pine Street is the Executive Development Center, which serves UCF MBA students.
"We have an educated workforce with Rollins College, Valencia College and Full Sail University at our doorstep, and the University of Central Florida is not far away," Winter Park Mayor Ken Bradley said. "We have a high quality of life. Those things work together very well for economic development. We create a safe place with a fair tax rate and a nice place for people to live."
Other projects expected to come underway, according to the improvement plan, include a baseball stadium expansion and renovation, graduate housing, expo center housing, a multipurpose medical research and incubator facility and a dental school.
The first phase of the expansion of the Bright House Networks Stadium is also in the plans, with a renovation and expansion of the football facilities, such as a larger locker room, weight room and equipment room.
Read or Share this story: http://www.centralfloridafuture.com/story/news/2014/08/13/year-plan-includes-million-downtown-campus/14022057/
Deliberate “fraud and criminality” – rather than any “mistake” or “flaw” – are are at the heart of the RHI scandal, Foyle MLA Eamonn McCann has claimed.
The People Before Profit MLA made the comments under parliamentary privilege during a debate on a public inquiry into the RHI scheme at the Assembly yesterday.
With the only party not in favour of a full public inquiry, Sinn Féin, absent during the debate, MLAs from all parties present gave unanimous support to a full public inquiry under the Inquiries Act 2005 into the RHI scheme.
Mr McCann made an extraordinary contribution to the debate, alleging deliberate “fraud and criminality”, although they did not provide proof for their allegations in the chamber.
They said: “There were ‘mistakes' and ‘flaws'; we have heard those words here over and over again. Nobody spotted the flaw in the scheme.
“The regulator did not spot it and departmental officials did not spot it, the implication being, ‘How could you expect a poor, simple politician to spot it when all those other people missed it?'
“There might be an explanation for that. When we think of a flaw, we usually think of something that has deteriorated, something that was missed and so on.
“The reason why nobody spotted the flaw is that there was no flaw in the system. There was no flaw at all. This was deliberate, and it was conscious.”
They continued: “I do not accuse any individual of being a criminal or a fraudster; what I say is this: it is a flat fact that there was criminality and fraud. The task is to get to the bottom of that and to hold those responsible to account.”
Earlier, DUP MLA Edwin Poots had struck a more contrite tone than has been the case from their party in recent weeks.
They said: “We owe the public an apology for devising a scheme that was not fit for purpose.
“An important message that needs to be got out there is this: we devised a scheme that was not fit for purpose, we regret that and we need to fix it. That should be the focus of the Assembly and everyone in it. We need to rectify the mistake and move on.”
They added: “We are happy for a public inquiry to take place. We want it done quickly, and I would love to have the information out before an election and stop all of this ‘He said, they said' trial by media and the hate campaign being imposed on us by the other politicians against Arlene Foster because they are much too successful a politician for their liking.”
Mr Poots went further in their defence of their party leader, saying: “Arlene Foster did not devise the scheme. They were presented with it. They did not ask for it to be changed by civil servants so that it was different from the UK one. They were presented with a scheme and told, ‘This is the best way forward for Northern Ireland'. They accepted the advice of the energy division, which devised it after input from all the specialist consultants and Ofgem. Here we have a fixation with a hate campaign against Arlene Foster.”
TUV MLA Jim Allister said the case for a public inquiry under the Inquiries Act 2005 is “unanswerable”.
“The question is this: why have we not already got one? The answer, in large measure, is because the parties hitherto of government have, to this point, blocked such an inquiry,” they said.
“There is nothing like a looming election to focus minds and to try to get on the right side of public opinion.”
Jonathan Bell, a DUP MLA who has found themselves at odds with their party over the RHI scheme, said they would repeat “under oath” to a judge-led public inquiry the explosive allegations they had made under parliamentary privilege in the Assembly earlier in the week.
On Monday, they told the House: “These matters can be investigated in this week alongside the very first piece of information given to me in a ministerial office by the DUP party officer who was appointed as a special advisor, Timothy Cairns, which was that I would not be allowed to reduce the tariff on the scheme because Timothy Johnston, the special advisor to the then first minister, and John Robinson, at that time the DUP director of communications and now the special advisor to the economy minister, had such extensive interests in the poultry industry that it was not allowed to be on my ministerial agenda.”
The allegations were denied by the DUP, who branded them “outrageous, untrue and unfounded” and “nothing short of mud-slinging”.
A year ago, somewhat eccentric kajillionaire, Elon Musk, revealed that he's been cooking up a new transportation system that would carry passengers roughly 700mph — almost the speed of sound. Dubbed the Hyperloop, Musk said the system would somehow only cost $6 billion. The Hyperloop has been shrouded in mystery, until today.
Musk previously said the Hyperloop is immune to weather, doesn't need rails, can't crash, and isn't based on an evacuation tunnel. Musk also claims that the transportation system runs entirely off solar panels, and stores the energy within itself without needing batteries. This, of course, led us all to believe that Musk figured out how to create Futurama's prism railroad. Obviously the best place to reveal a cheap, future transportation system, Musk took to Twitter to divulge the details.
The Hyperloop involves an elevated system wherein aluminum pods on skis speed along through the inside of steel tubes. The skis are air bearings, and pump air out of the bottom, which move the pods along. Basically, it's the same way air hockey tables work. The steel tubes would be mounted around on columns, would be around 50 to 100 feet apart from one another, and would loop back together at the end of the system. The loop is to keep the airflow inside the tunnels constantly churning. To move the pods at those crazy speeds, the tunnels would employ a linear electric motor. The pods' skis would have a thin row of magnets, and the motor would push the pods along electromagnetically.
So, an electromagnetic air hockey table, where the puck also generates air. Musk envisions the elevated tunnels as looking as shotgun barrels. A Hyperloop bonus: since it is elevated, it wouldn't interfere much with land and infrastructure.
The pods will travel at speeds up to 800mph, which is alarmingly fast. Musk states that each pod will have an emergency brake, and must be stationed around five miles from another pod in order to remain at a safe distance. So, the Hyperloop can fit around 70 pods between San Francisco and Los Angeles, and one would depart every 30 seconds — definitely a boon for people who miss their train that runs on an hourly schedule by a couple minutes every morning.
You might assume that a vehicle traveling that fast would surely cause a number of us to carry barf bags as part of our morning commute, but Musk states that the pods would have less lateral acceleration, and thus be a more pleasant ride than, for example, a traditional subway. In order to slow down, another linear electric motor would absorb the kinetic energy, which in turn is stored in battery pack.
Musk estimates the Hyperloop to cost around six billion dollars for people-only transport, or $10 billion for a version people can drive their cars right into a pod and bring their vehicle along for the trip. Musk also notes that tickets would be much cheaper than plane tickets, but doesn't provide a figure. The Hyperloop is designed to link cities around 1,000 miles apart, but no farther, as a greater distance would significantly raise costs.
The Hyperloop won't remedy all of your morning commute troubles. If it ever does come to be, it's meant more as an airplane replacement for short trips between major cities. The random small town you call home that is two hours away from your place of work likely won't ever receive a Hyperloop system. However, if you lived in New York and needed to travel to Boston a couple times a month on business, the Hyperloop would be a less of a hassle than a plane, and faster than that four-or-more hour train train.
To read up on the Hyperloop in great detail, check out Musk's outline (PDF).
Now read: Elon Musk: I'll release the Hyperloop plans, but I'm too busy to build it myself
What to eat in order to lose weight? This is an eternal question for all food lovers. It seems every person reaches that stage in life when it's time to start losing weight. At first everyone is excited to try their diet and exercise routine, going at it with all their energy and all their focus. But then time goes by, and the fat does not want to leave, and we get disappointed. As a result training becomes more and more complicated as we try to reach a seemingly unattainable goal...What to do?
What to eat in order to lose weight? This is an eternal question for all food lovers. It seems every person reaches that stage in life when it's time to start losing weight. At first everyone is excited to try their diet and exercise routine, going at it with all their energy and all their focus. But then time goes by, and the fat does not want to leave, and we get disappointed. As a result training becomes more and more complicated as we try to reach a seemingly unattainable goal...what to do?
What to eat in order to lose weight? This is an eternal question for all food lovers. It seems every person reaches that stage in life when it's time to start losing weight. At first everyone is excited to try their diet and exercise routine, going at it with all their energy and all their focus. But then time goes by, and the fat does not want to leave, and we get disappointed. As a result training becomes more and more complicated, because there is nowhere to take energy from the "diet".
Consider the main mistakes that lead to weight gain, despite an intense training process:
An improperly composed diet.
Usually, athletes start with a reduction of carbohydrates and fats, leaving only protein in their diet, hoping for a large gain in muscle mass and better fat burning. Then, to their shock, those bulging muscles don't appear! Calories are reduced, metabolism slows down, there is a desire to eat more, and your mood turns sour and you're constantly angry.
Here's the truth behind the myth: During a training session, your body needs a lot of energy, and the source of that is glucose. It is a very simple molecule of the carbohydrates class, but not protein. When ATP is generated in sufficient quantity and efficiently, the barbell is suddenly lifted more and more easily. For that reason porridge, sweet potato and pasta should always be a part of your workout diet.
Because of advertising, athletes often replace basic meals with “sports nutrition” – protein shakes or energy bars, hoping these will burn away the fat.
Such products (especially gainers and bars) are quite high in calories, but they won't properly fulfil your hunger. Okay, you've eaten a protein bar and did not feel it, even though almost 350 calories fell into your stomach. Instead, try a medium sized sandwich with turkey, avocado and vegetables, plus a glass of fresh juice and crackers. Perhaps it's not such a dense dinner, but for the same amount of calories, you won't be feeling hungry for the next two hours!
Here's the truth: replacing real food with a "sports alternative" doesn't do anything for you. It's another matter when time is short and you need to "throw something in the firebox". In that case, by all means reach for the energy bar or that protein shake. However, this should not be a routine substitute for the main meal, otherwise you'll still feel hungry, you'll eat more, and fat is guaranteed.
The second law of thermodynamics hasn't been canceled yet.
In order to stay in shape, you need to burn off as many calories as you take in. And, if you want to reduce weight, you need to have a deficit. In other words, you need to burn off more than you take in. Eat less, or train more, but maintain a healthy diet. Better yet, do all three.
One more thing to leave you with. If your goal is to gain both fat and muscle – you can lie on the couch sometimes, but not for too long. Remember, a body in motion tends to stay in motion, but a body at rest tends to get overweight!
Epilogue: So, what should you eat to lose weight? It's not that simple. You need to eat AND train right, otherwise your goal will forever remain out of sight.
MY NUTRITION
CARBS
PROTEINS
The following are press releases issued by candidates and/or other special interest groups for the city of Medford municipal election. These releases do not reflect the opinions of the Medford Transcript or its staff and are submitted to the newspaper.
Mayor Michael J. McGlynn announces their endorsement of Stephanie Muccini Burke for mayor of the city of Medford.
As I compare the records of the two candidates, the mayor says, I find great differences in their political beliefs and positions on the issues.
Ms. Burke, as a member of the Mystic Valley Development Commission at River's Edge has been a strong voice for the creation of jobs, housing opportunities with an affordable component and an expanded tax base.
The River's Edge project has produced hundreds of new jobs while at the same time cleaned up a 22 acre Brownfield site. Ms. Muccini Burke's opponent was against the project.
Ms. Muccini Burke was a leader in the fight for new elementary and middle schools while a member of the Medford City Council and the Racial Balance Committee. Due to the work of the Committee, we received 90 percent reimbursement from the state School Building Authority on the $110 million project.
The Columbus, Brooks, Roberts, McGlynn and Andrews schools were built. This learning environment lead to greater educational opportunities for our students that the old schools, some built in the 1800's, early 1900's and 1960, couldn't provide.
Ms. Burke's opponent was the lone vote against the new school program. Further, the sale of the old schools, created additional housing opportunities and generated millions of dollars for Medford taxpayers.
Stephanie Muccini Burke, as a councilor and the city's budget director, fought for the refurbishing of the two new fields at Medford High School and Hormel Stadium. Them opponent was the lone vote against them.
This has lead to greater recreational space for our children and the residents of Medford.
Stephanie Muccini Burke had directed the financial operations of this city as our budget director for four years. Our finances are strong, our bond rating continues to be upgraded, our reserves are significant and we continue to invest in our schools, parks, neighborhoods and public safety sector.
Stephanie Muccini Burke has been a leader who has protected the financial stability of our community.  They are the best candidate to lead this city forward.
Whether it be education, recreation, quality of life issues, jobs, environmental cleanup or housing opportunities, Stephanie Muccini Burke is the candidate best suited to lead this city forward!
The decision that you will make on Election Day will decide the future direction and quality of life in our community. I would kindly ask you to consider and vote for Stephanie Muccini Burke for Medford's next mayor.
Bicycle bells could soon sound like cha-chings for buyers and sellers living along the projected 15 miles of installed bike lanes connecting parts of Midtown to the Beltline and beyond. As Curbed Atlanta reported last month, paint and asphalt crews have been hard at work finishing new two-way lanes on the 10th Street corridor. The new dedicated biking lanes are only the first phase of a 26-item project list approved by the City of Atlanta, expanding bike infrastructure from Monroe Drive (at the Eastside Trail) and eventually running a more central route along Peachtree Street. But it's hard to hear the implications for homeowners and house-hunters — either positive or negative — over the public's overwhelmingly triumphant bells and whistles. When bike-friendly infrastructure breaks ground, how can we expect property values to respond?
As it turns out, experts say sellers and buyers would be wise to welcome bike lanes to the neighborhood.
REMAX Around Atlanta's Maura Neill, a realtor who has specialized in the Atlanta market for more than 12 years, believes new bike lanes serve as a serious selling point that extends beyond individual property owners and makes Atlanta an attractive urban dwelling post on the national scale.
"The new bike lanes are absolutely an attractive selling point, putting Atlanta in the limelight as a progressive city," they said. "There's a shortage of inventory in the Atlanta real estate market right now. The metro area was down 21 percent in inventory this time last year (2012), so when you add a citywide initiative like this, I think we're going to be seeing listings that would have been sitting for 60 to 90 days a few years ago, going under contract within 24 hours — easy."
When it comes to similar projects, the statistics in other cities are fascinating.
As reported by urban advocacy blog This Big City, Vancouver saw a similar effect in 2010 with 65 percent of realtors using new bikeways as a selling feature on a home. Pittsburgh, whose bike lanes were added in 2007, found that bike lanes not only influenced residential real estate activity, but ignited commercial and business activity as well. And, in North Carolina, realtors found that 40 homes adjacent to the Shepherd's Vineway Bikeway saw property increases of $5,000 and up.
As the blog also notes, research found that bike paths were placed a shocking third on a list of 39 features that homebuyers defined as crucial in buying homes in a new community.
Neill warns homeowners, however, not to get overzealous when it comes to putting out those "for sale" flyers.
"We don't want to see huge, overnight jumps in home prices, because that could inflate the problem of inventory and potentially scare away buyers," they said. "Sellers may see a slight jump in the qualitative increase in the value of their home, but at the end of the day, it comes down to the buyer's perceived value."
Anecdotally, home prices around Charles Allen and Monroe Drive have seen a healthy climb in the past decade. In July 2002, this home at 991 Taft Ave. NE sold for $480,000. Today, after substantial renovations, it could be yours — for close to $750,000.
Another home on 9th Street that went for $385,000 in 2001 recently sold this past spring for $725,000, an 88.3 percent change in 12 years. Public records also reveal a number of homes in the area that were listed for around $325,000 between 2010-2011. If all trends follow their expected upswing, those homes could stand to see a large boost in value within the same period of time.
Rebecca Serna, Atlanta Bicycle Coalition executive director (and recent expat to the Kirkwood neighborhood), says both avid cyclists and casual bikers are increasingly likely to pay upwards of $5,000 more for a home if it means more space — on the street, that is.
"When people realize the savings of not relying solely on a car, they're much more inclined to pay a little more now in exchange for saving a lot later," they said. "The old 'drive to qualify' [for a mortgage] paradigm is shifting as people forego the family car. Factors like time and money saved are much more valuable than the number of square feet."
Serna noted that the Atlanta Bicycle Coalition is currently conducting a study on the commercial business effects and economic benefits of local bike infrastructure, due to be released this fall.
"[We] were inspired by a study conducted in several large metropolises called 'Bicycling Means Business,'" they said. "The findings showed an interesting parallel to what we're seeing here — people on foot and on bike are not buying as much in quantity on each trip, but they're returning much more frequently."
Overall, Serna says bike lanes create not only profit, but an important sense of community, as alternative transit routes attract and retain graduates of the area's most prominent universities. And that's enough to make housing around bike lanes rich, both in terms of experience and equity.
Conclusion: New bike lanes are revitalizing a city long overdue for smarter alternative modes of transportation. But, to urbanists, there's also the question of how secondary effects — like frustrating traffic congestion along newly narrowed roads that accommodate bike lanes, or the relationship between pedestrian traffic and crime — might also affect those property values.
For now, Neill says sellers can look forward to a slight bump in property value, but perhaps more importantly, faster closing dates or offers that are closer to their initial asking price.
"Those looking to sell will certainly benefit from the qualitative selling points — greater mobility, access to popular city hubs, shorter commutes to work — but I wouldn't expect or encourage dramatically increasing the price of your home because of this," they said. "It's a great time to sell a home, search for a home and capitalize on all the buzz."
— By Curbed Atlanta contributor Amanda Serfozo
[Above: Cyclists photo credit: Frontdoor.com]
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court announced on Friday that it would decide whether human genes may be patented. The justices considered but took no action on requests that the court hear one or more cases concerning same-sex marriage.
The case the court added to its docket concerns patents held by Myriad Genetics, a Utah company, on genes that correlate with increased risk of hereditary breast and ovarian cancer.
The patents were challenged by scientists and doctors who said that their research and ability to help patients had been frustrated. “Myriad and other gene patent holders have gained the right to exclude the rest of the scientific community from examining the naturally occurring genes of every person in the United States,” the plaintiffs told the Supreme Court in their petition seeking review. They added that the patents “prevent patients from examining their own genetic information” and “made it impossible to obtain second opinions.”
The legal question for the justices is whether isolated genes are “products of nature” that may not be patented or “human-made inventions” eligible for patent protection.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A divided three-judge panel of a federal appeals court in Washington ruled for the company. Each judge issued an opinion, and a central dispute was whether isolated genes are sufficiently different from ones in the body to allow them to be patented.
Photo
“The isolated DNA molecules before us are not found in nature,” wrote Judge Alan D. Lourie, who was in the majority. “They are obtained in the laboratory and are human-made, the product of human ingenuity.”
Firefighters rallied tens of thousands of fans at last Sunday's football game between the Cleveland Browns and Seattle Seahawks. They gave a powerful boost to the growing movement to repeal Senate Bill 5, the union-busting bill that ends collective bargaining for public employees but faces a referendum as Issue 2 on the Nov. 8 ballot.
Starting early in the morning, the firefighters wearing helmets and IAFF Local 93 shirts, fanned out through tailgate parties that filled municipal parking lots near Cleveland Stadium. They gave out campaign literature and football-shaped stickers with orange letters reading Vote No on Issue 2.
Groups of bagpipers from the Cleveland Firefighters Memorial Pipes and Drums worked their way through the parties drawing large crowds who cheered the music and joined in chanting: “No on 2, No on 2!”
The firefighters' action galvanized the carnival-like atmosphere with thousands wearing Browns shirts, outlandish headgear, dancing, playing cornhole, guzzling brew and munching hotdogs, the air heavy with mouthwatering smells of outdoor grills.
At noon, the firefighters gathered in front of the Cleveland Firefighters Memorial located directly across from one of the main entrances to the stadium to hold a press conference. The memorial, portraying firefighters confronting arching red and yellow tongues of flame, was bedecked with a banner reading Vote No On Two.
Children of firefighters held “Vote NO On Issue 2” yard signs atop a fire truck parked next to the memorial and carrying a banner with the same message.
Greeting the fans streaming into the stadium was Johnny “Big Dawg” Thompson, the beloved unofficial team mascot wearing their bright orange cap, bejowled Dawg mask and Browns shirt and holding an oversized bone. For 26 years Big Dawg has rallied fans in the low price section of the stadium, leading mass barks to support the team.
But now they held a bullhorn and led the fans in chanting “No On 2!”
“I am proud to help out,” they said. “Today's a great day. This is a tribute to the people,” they added, referring to the overwhelming opposition to Issue 2, by fans many covered with the “No on Two” stickers.
“This is so important to Ohio families, to our children's education and medical care and, most important of all, to our safety,” Thompson said. “We need to have the right to bargain. There is no reason to take it away. People see how wrong that is.”
Thompson, a dispatcher in the Cleveland Justice Center and a member of SEIU Local 1199, said the fight in Ohio has national importance.
“If they do it here, they will do it everywhere. It's sick.”
“The issue is safety,” Tom Lally, President of Local 93, said. “It's about our ability to negotiate staffing and safety equipment.”
Steve Loomis, President of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association, agreed. “With this law, we won't be able to negotiate manning levels. That will be determined by politicians. It's important for the whole state to vote No. It's unfair and unsafe.”
Growing numbers of voters seem to agree. A Quinnipiac poll released Oct. 25, exactly two weeks before the election, showed voters rejecting Issue 2 by a margin of 57-32, the largest since the campaign began. Buoyed by their enthusiastic fans, the Browns by the same margin coincidentally defeated the Seahawks, 6-3, in a tough defensive battle.
Despite massive TV propaganda for Issue 2 funded by the Koch Brothers and other right-wing groups, momentum for repeal has grown as thousands of volunteers canvas voters door-to-door and from phone banks. Since the beginning of October over one million calls have been made and over half a million doors knocked, according to We Are Ohio, the labor-community coalition leading the effort.
This weekend, rallies and mobilizations by labor and its allies are planned throughout the state. Randi Weingarten, national president of the American Federation of Teachers, and Ohio AFL-CIO president Tim Burga are scheduled to join the door-to-door canvas in Cleveland after speaking to a mass rally at the Laborers' Local 310 hall.
Photo: Salandra Benton/PW
Sign in Amsterdam warning tourists of heroin sold as cocaine. Photo via imgur/reddit
Authorities in the Netherlands are warning Amsterdam tourists about heroin masquerading as cocaine, which has already killed several people and sent a number of others to the hospital. The campaign is striking because you'd never see one like it in the U.S.: "You will not be arrested for using drugs in Amsterdam," the fliers promise. Instead, they give information on how to receive medical assistance and how to keep potential overdose victims alert while waiting for help.
Dutch law distinguishes between "soft drugs," like marijuana, and "hard" ones, like cocaine and heroin. Possession and use of up to 5 grams of marijuana, and 1 gram of cocaine or heroin, is not subject to penalty. In sharp contrast to the U.S., where drug use has primarily been dealt with as a criminal justice issue (although there's some evidence this is changing), the Dutch approach emphasizes harm reduction and public health.
One of the drawbacks of a criminal justice approach is that the threat of harsh sentencing keeps many drug users from seeking medical assistance in the event of an overdose. That's not a concern in the Netherlands. The Dutch approach allows authorities to have a frank dialogue with drug users when new dangers arise, like the fake cocaine.
The destigmatization of drug use in the Netherlands also plays a big role in this. Drug users there aren't thought of as criminals, as in the U.S., but rather as normal people engaging in unhealthy behavior. There's a notable lack of moral judgment in the language used in the Amsterdam cocaine warnings -- contrast this with the rhetoric employed by many of the opponents of drug law liberalization in the U.S.
Some final food for thought: 44 percent of Americans report having used marijuana in their lifetimes, and 14 percent have used cocaine. In the Netherlands, those numbers stand at 26 percent and 5 percent, respectively.
Lewis Hamilton has celebrated winning the F1 championship and BBC Sports Personality of the Year by buying a priest.
‘For a long time Lewis has talked about being #blessed,' said a source close to the British star. ‘Now whenever they say that, they will be actually #blessed by their own personal man of God.'
Our insider says Hamilton feels a great affinity with their new purchase. ‘There are a lot a similarity between Lewis and the priest,' they explain. ‘They both have to wear slightly weird clothes as part of their job, they both enjoy a silly hat, they're both answerable to a big guy.'
Since buying the priest, Hamilton has been travelling everywhere with it and has been given a small impromptu blessing up to 17 times a day. ‘It's a great bonus for Lewis to be literally #blessed on demand,' admitted our source. ‘And of course when Nicole says they want to play them some new songs, the priest will do their best to have a word with the guy upstairs to comply with Lewis's request to oh God, please make it stop.'
Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+
Updates below
What's 605 feet tall and 50 years old? The Space Needle, that's what. Built for the 1962 World's Fair, the Space Needle opened on April 21th of that year. The people who operate the Space Needle are planning some cool stuff to celebrate the milestone. For instance, they've giving away a trip into space. For real. Like, outer space. (Sorry, contest is closed.) Contestants were asked to send in videos of themselves explaining why they want to experience space travel. From what I've heard, some of the contestants are exactly what you'd imagine: nerds dressed up like Spock and Yoda.
It's not all about fantasy. Some of it is much more earthbound. Among the things the Space Needle has planned for its 50th Anniversary is a special beer. One of our local brewers will produce a 50th Anniversary beer exclusively for the Space Needle. The beer will be available at the Space Needle and at the anniversary events. Also, the plan is to make it available in bottles and on tap around town.
To create the 50th Anniversary Beer, the Space Needle contacted 11 local breweries and asked them to each design a special beer for the occasion. Last night, a group of lucky people sampled all of the beers, judged the beers based on some subjective criteria, and picked a winner.
UPDATED 1/31 7:45 pm:
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
sponsor
The participating breweries included Hale Ales, Diamond Knot, Anacortes Brewing,, 7 Seas Brewing, Fish Brewing, Schooner Exact Brewing, Scuttlebutt Brewing, Pike Brewing, Elysian Brewing, and Boundary Bay Brewing.
And the winner is Pike Brewing. There golden anniversary IPA took the prize. Here are some photos from tonight's event at the Space Needle. More details coming.
Problem: You want to watch the Knicks game-- the young players getting a chance to prove themselves, the coach experimenting with their offensive scheme-- but you don't want to be constantly reminded of how bad they are at winning. With the future in mind, the score is of no interest to you. Who's counting anyway? The TV broadcast is, unfortunately, and that pesky scoreboard won't leave the bottom corner of your screen.
Solution: The Official Posting and Toasting ScoreBlocker™!!!!!
Simply print this image in a size that fits the corner of your viewing apparatus, cut it out...
... and tape or hold it over that boring, buzz-killing box on your screen!
Instead of reading dumb nonsense like which team has more points, keep an eye on the date of the NBA draft lottery and the faces of top prospects Karl Towns, Jahlil Okafor, and D'Angelo Russell (or imagine it's Emmanuel Mudiay or whoever else you like!).
Find the size that's right for you OR purchase the Official Posting and Toasting ScoreBlocker™ app (download the image on your phone, pull it up, then hold your phone in front of the screen) for MOBILE score-blocking!
Problem solved! Let's check out some testimonials:
This is definitely a very good invention that I will use all the time - Seth R. I love my Official Posting and Toasting ScoreBlocker™! - S. Rosenthal Whoever invented this is a genius and a very big, handsome boy. - Sneth Roserthab
Please mail $74.99 plus shipping and handling to P&T headquarters before enjoying the Official Posting and Toasting ScoreBlocker™.
On Aug. 27, 1939, a stubby-winged airplane made of unpainted steel alloy took off over Germany and soared into history. Instead of a pointy...
On Aug. 27, 1939, a stubby-winged airplane made of unpainted steel alloy took off over Germany and soared into history. Instead of a pointy propeller hub in the nose, the Heinkel 178 had an open-mouthed turbojet intake, making it the first operational jet-powered aircraft.
The 178 could only attain 380 miles per hour — only 10 percent faster than the Messerschmitt 109E piston-engine fighters then in service.
Nearly 80 years after the Heinkel jet's first flight, fourth- and fifth-generation jet fighters are capable of flying well over 1,500 miles per hour, can launch guided missiles at enemy fighters dozens of miles away, and carry bombloads that far exceed the capacity of the four-engine strategic bombers of World War II.
How did we get from the 178 to a beast like the F-22 Raptor?
Above — an Me-262 in flight. Aldo Bidini photo via Wikimedia. At top — They 178. German Federal Archives photo
First Generation — Figuring out jet design
Turbojets generate thrust by compressing air, mixing it with fuel and blasting the explosive results through a turbine. However, early jet prototypes like the 178, the American P-59 and the British E.28/39 were not much faster than contemporary piston-engine fighters.
It wasn't until 1944 when Germany deployed the twin-turbojet engine Messerschmitt Me-262 into combat. With a maximum speed of 540 miles per hour, the 262 could easily outrun Allied fighters, but Nazi Germany lacked the industrial capacity and fuel supplies to put many into service.
The only other country to deploy combat jets in World War II was the United Kingdom, though its Gloster Meteor was relegated to shooting down V-1 cruise missiles.
Early subsonic jets such as the P-80 and F-84 were limited by the use of straight wings perpendicular to the fuselage. However, at speeds approaching or exceeding the speed of sound, swept-back wings help delay drag-inducing shock waves. By the Korean War in 1950, American and communist forces were flying agile swept-wing F-86 Sabre and MiG-15 fighters up to just below the speed of 680 miles per hour.
However, the air battles over Korea were still fought in a way similar to those of World War II, with pilots engaging in swirling dogfights using machine guns and cannons. This would soon change.
English Electric Lightnings. Paul Lucas photo via Wikimedia
Second Generation — Supersonic and specialized
On Oct. 14, 1947, Chuck Yeager blasted over the sound barrier, flying a needle-nosed Bell X-1 test plane painted orange-red. By the 1950s, jet fighters were being designed for supersonic flight using new afterburners that temporarily injected fuel directly into the jet pipe, bypassing the turbine.
These second-generation jet fighters were designed according to the prevailing grim expectations of nuclear war.
On the one hand, designers developed extremely fast — but not very maneuverable — interceptors such as the Soviet Sukhoi Su-9, the English Electric Lightning, the delta-winged French Mirage III and the American Lockheed F-104 Starfighter. These were intended to quickly zip up to enemy strategic bombers and knock them out of the sky before they could drop their nuclear payloads.
The interceptors increasingly came with onboard radars — formerly reserved for specialized night fighters and anti-submarine planes — and could use early, primitive guided missiles. These included longer-range radar-guided weapons, some even bearing nuclear warheads, and short-range heat seekers that were effective when pointed at the rear exhaust of enemy aircraft.
The first air-to-air missile kill was scored in 1958, when a Taiwanese F-86 used a heat-seeking AIM-9B Sidewinder to splash a Chinese MiG-17 over the straits of Taiwan.
At the same time, the Cold War adversaries foresaw massive land battles on the front lines of the Cold War, and developed short-range fighter-bombers to strafe ground targets and shoot down rival tactical aircraft. Notable supersonic examples included the F-100 Super Sabre and the MiG-19, but sturdy subsonic ground-attack jets sucha s the A-4 Skyhawk and Su-7 also saw extensive action.
Third Generation — Heavy, fast and clumsy
By the 1960s, it became increasingly clear that the days of high-flying strategic bombers were numbered, thanks to long-range surface-to-air missiles. report this ad
Demand for specialized interceptors waned as well, though the Soviets continued to build Su-15 and Tu-128 interceptors to guard their vast frontiers. Instead, designers focused on powerful new jets that could do it all by leveraging early analog computer systems, new in-flight refueling technology and better air-to-air missiles.
The huge two-seat F-4 Phantom epitomized this new paradigm. Its twin J79 turbojets gave it maximum speed 2.25 times the speed of sound. It could heft more than 18,000 pounds of bombs, and compensated for its short range with inflight refueling. Its radar allowed it to engage enemy fighters up to 22 miles away with AIM-7E Sparrow missiles. The Phantom and its contemporaries could also employ early precision-guided air-to-ground weapons.
However, while the Phantom could go extremely fast, it was not very maneuverable — and the guided missiles exhibited especially low hit rates in air battles over Vietnam. The Phantom initially struggled to maintain a favorable kill ratio against more agile North Vietnamese MiG-17s and MiG-21s.
The Soviet Union went even faster and heavier with the MiG-25 Foxbat, which could fly up to Mach 3.
But despite its blinding speed, the Foxbat was even clumsier than the Phantom and performed unexceptionally in combat over the Middle East.
U.S. F-15C. U.S. Air Force photo
Fourth Generation — Multi-role and maneuverable
Air battles over the Middle East and Vietnam made it clear that jet fighters needed to be both maneuverable and fast.
Designers in the '60s and '70s began seeking to balance both qualities while implementing electronic fly-by-wire controls that could mediate the pilot's commands and automatically compensate for more agile but aerodynamically unstable airframes. Turbojets engines were superseded by compressor-bypassing turbofans that were more efficient at all but very high speeds.
Breakthroughs in avionics also revolutionized aerial warfare. Powerful new Doppler radars gave fighters “look down, shoot down” capability against low-flying aircraft, while electronic-warfare suites protected them from enemy missiles.
Heads-up displays and hands-on-throttle-and-stick controls allowed fighter pilots to focus on flying without having to glance down at their instrument panels. Improved air-to-air missiles such as the AIM-7F and AIM-120 finally gave jet fighters reliable capabilities beyond visual range.
This all amounted to a nearly insurmountable edge over earlier generations. In a 1982 air battle over the Bekaa Valley of Lebanon, Israeli fourth-generation F-15s and F-16s shot down around a hundred Syrian second- and third-generation MiGs and Sukhoi fighters for no loss.
At the same time, precision-guided munitions, such as the Maverick missile or laser-guided Paveway bomb, dramatically improved effectiveness against ground targets, especially point targets like an armored vehicle. Guided munitions meant that attack jets no longer needed to dive close to the ground to release weapons on target — allowing fighters to pound the enemy from on high outside the range of antiaircraft guns and shoulder-fired missiles.
While more than 474 advanced F-4 Phantom jets were shot down by mostly low-tech ground fire over Vietnam, not even one American F-15 or F-16 has been lost to enemy fire during long-running air campaigns in the 21st century.
Initially, designers continued to produce aircraft with pure air-superiority roles like the early-model F-14 Tomcat, the F-15 Eagle, the MiG-31 and the Su-27s, all twin-engine designs.
However, it soon became clear that this was out of step with the high demand for ground-attack capability, and by the 1980s new variants were built as multi-role fighters. Cheaper, shorter-range but highly maneuverable Mach 2 tactical fighters such as the MiG-29, and the single-engine Mirage 2000 and F-16 Fighting Falcon, also proliferated.
Fifth Generation — Stealth fighters
Even as the fourth generation perfected jet-fighter design, the American manufacturers began producing aircraft that minimized radar cross-section, making them extremely difficult to detect on radar. The first two operational stealth planes, the F-117 Nighthawk and B-2 Spirit, were bombers designed to infiltrate enemy air defenses, which depended on radar-directed fighters and radar-guided missiles.
By the 1990s, the Pentagon was ready for an air-to-air stealth fighter, leveraging computer-assisted design and manufacturing technologies. The resulting F-22 Raptor was a super fighter, with speed and maneuverability matching or exceeding that of fourth-generation jets, while boasting a radar cross-section so small that its adversaries were unlikely to detect one approaching, and lacked the capability to fire back except at short range.
The F-22, however, was extremely expensive, so it will be followed with the ostensibly cheaper multi-role F-35 Lightning II. The Lightning II has been criticized for having flight characteristics slightly inferior to fourth-generation fighters, as well as its eye-watering price tag. However, it does boast much more modern avionics and, like the Raptor, is intended to take out aerial adversaries before they are able to shoot back. Unlike the F-22, the F-35 is poised to see service in numerous air forces across the world.
Although there are means of tracking stealth fighters at long range using ground-based low-bandwidth radars, targeting them with missiles remains difficult, and the Pentagon claims stealth fighters score lopsided 15-to-one kill ratios against fourth-generation fighters in exercises.
Only two other countries currently possess operational stealth fighters. Russia is producing a dozen Su-57 stealth fighters, which are more maneuverable but less stealthy than an F-22. However, their development has been beset by major delays and technical shortfalls. Meanwhile, China has officially declared its large Chengdu J-20s stealth jets operational. These appear designed for high-speed, long-range missions.
Generation 4.5
Stealth fighters are exceedingly expensive and complicated to design, manufacture and operate. Furthermore, their capabilities are wasted against all but the most capable opponents. Therefore, new fourth-generation fighters continue to enter service such as the Russian Su-35, the French Rafale, the English Typhoon and the American FA-18E/F Super Hornet.
Collectively termed 4.5 generation aircraft, these typically feature digital avionics designed to network with friendly forces, powerful new low-observable, high-resolution AESA air-and-ground search radars, and long-range infrared sensors.
Some of these aircraft boast airframe-hugging conformal fuel tanks to perform longer-range missions under less drag, and exhibit smaller radar cross-sections of one to three meters, to reduce the range at which they can be detected and fired upon — even if they are not true stealth aircraft.
Air-to-air weapons, meanwhile, continue to grow deadlier. At short ranges, fighter pilots can now target enemy fighters simply by looking at them through a helmet-mounted sight, and launching heat-seeking R-73 or AIM-9X missiles that can hit targets within a 180-degree arc of the nose.
These weapons are estimated to have kill probabilities of 70–80 percent, threatening to make the dogfights of the future very brief indeed. However, air battles will now likely commence well beyond visual range, with the introduction of long-range missiles such as the Meteor, the R-77 and the AIM-120D.
Jet fighters have grown more complex, capable and mind-bogglingly expensive with each new generation. While theorists anticipate a pilotless sixth generation of jet fighters, current fourth and fifth-generation fighters will continue to prowl the skies for many decades to come.
This article originally appeared at The National Interest.
Story Highlights 52% favor, 29% oppose Senate confirmation of Garland
Opponents believe next president should make nomination
Republican opposition to Garland no greater than for prior Obama nominees
PRINCETON, N.J. -- Americans are more likely to favor (52%) than oppose (29%) Senate confirmation of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, according to Gallup's first reading on public support for their nomination. That level of support essentially matches the average 51% in initial readings for the eight nominees Gallup has tested since 1991.
Support for Confirmation of Merrick Garland and Other Recent Supreme Court Nominees As you may know, Merrick Garland is a federal judge who has been nominated to serve on the Supreme Court. Would you like to see the Senate vote in favor of Garland serving on the Supreme Court, or not? Poll dates Vote in favor % Not vote in favor % No opin. % Merrick Garland Mar 18-19, 2016 52 29 19 Elena Kagan May 24-25, 2010 46 32 22 Sonia Sotomayor May 29-31, 2009 54 28 19 Samuel Alito Nov 7-10, 2005 50 25 25 Harriet Miers Oct 13-16, 2005 44 36 20 John Roberts Jul 22-24, 2005 59 22 19 Ruth Bader Ginsburg Jun 18-21, 1993 53 14 33 Clarence Thomas Jul 11-14, 1991 52 17 31 Note: Data are based on first Gallup survey conducted after nomination was made. Gallup
As with all recent nominees, a significant proportion of Americans, 19%, do not have an opinion on Garland's confirmation.
The results are based on a Gallup poll conducted March 18-19, days after President Barack Obama nominated Garland to fill the Supreme Court vacancy after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Scalia's passing during a presidential election year ignited a political battle over whether a president in their last year in office should fill the vacancy or if the process should be delayed until after a new president is in office.
Amid the political storm, initial public support for Garland's confirmation is similar to what it has been for other Supreme Court nominees. It exceeds that for 2010 Obama nominee Elena Kagan (46%) and 2005 George W. Bush nominee Harriet Miers (44%). Miers requested that Bush withdraw their nomination as opposition to their confirmation grew among elected officials from both parties and the general public. Just before their withdrawal, 42% Americans favored and 43% opposed Senate confirmation of them
Only John Roberts, at 59%, had significantly higher initial support than Garland among recent high court nominees.
Gallup also measured support for Ronald Reagan's 1987 appointee Robert Bork. That initial reading found 31% in favor of Senate confirmation, 25% opposed and a higher 44% not having an opinion. If Bork's data are included, the average level of support for prior nominees drops to 49%. Further Gallup polling on the Bork nomination in September 1987 found a significant increase in Americans' opposition to Bork's confirmation, with Americans ending up about evenly divided as to whether the Senate should (38%) or should not (35%) confirm him. The Senate eventually voted against confirming Bork.
Gallup did not measure support for 1994 Bill Clinton nominee Stephen Breyer, 1990 George H. W. Bush nominee David Souter, or 1987 Reagan nominees Douglas Ginsburg and Anthony Kennedy.
Garland Opponents Believe Next President Should Choose Nominee
Given a choice, Americans who believe the Senate should not confirm Garland largely say their opposition stems from their belief that the next president should fill the vacancy (67%), rather than specific concerns they have about Garland themselves (20%).
That finding is not surprising because Americans have limited familiarity with Garland at this point, with a majority saying they have heard or read "very little" (31%) or "nothing at all" (28%) about the judge's qualifications and record. Only 7% say they have heard "a great deal," with another 34% saying they have heard "a fair amount."
Slim Majority of Republicans Oppose Garland Confirmation
Since little is known specifically about Garland, support or opposition to their nomination at this point may mostly reflect Americans' partisanship and, by extension, their views of Obama. Consistent with this, 76% of Democrats say they favor Senate confirmation of Garland to the Supreme Court. Republicans are more likely to oppose (51%) than support (33%) Garland's confirmation, but Republican opposition is not nearly as widespread as Democratic support. Independents tilt in favor of Senate confirmation.
Support for Confirmation of Merrick Garland to Supreme Court, by Political Party Vote in favor % Not vote in favor % No opinion % Democrats 76 11 14 Independents 44 31 25 Republicans 33 51 16 Gallup, March 18-19, 2016
Despite the controversy over the election-year nomination, the 51% of Republicans initially opposing Garland's confirmation is no higher than initial Republican opposition to Obama's prior Supreme Court nominees -- Kagan (51%) and Sonia Sotomayor (57%). And more Republicans say they want the Senate to vote to confirm Garland (33%) than said this about either Kagan (26%) or Sotomayor (24%).
Initial Support for Confirmation of President Barack Obama's Nominees to Supreme Court, by Political Party Vote in favor % Not vote in favor % No opinion % Republicans Garland 33 51 16 Kagan 26 51 22 Sotomayor 24 57 20 Democrats Garland 76 11 14 Kagan 68 12 20 Sotomayor 76 6 17 Independents Garland 44 31 25 Kagan 43 33 25 Sotomayor 54 27 19 Note: Data are based on first Gallup survey conducted after nomination was made. Gallup
Democratic support for Garland is higher than it was for Kagan and similar to what it was for Sotomayor. Independents were much more positive about the Sotomayor nomination than the Kagan and Garland nominations.
Implications
The passing of Scalia has made the ideological makeup of the Supreme Court more salient in an already intense political year. It is understandable that Republicans do not want Obama to appoint Scalia's successor, given that this could tilt the balance of the Supreme Court if they appointed a liberal, or even a moderate, justice to replace the conservative Scalia. However, Obama and the Democrats are arguing that the president and Senate should put politics aside and fulfill their respective constitutional obligations to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Although the political context surrounding Garland's nomination is different from the context for any other recent Supreme Court nominee, the public's reaction is similar to what it has been for past nominees. A slight majority favors confirmation, and nearly twice as many supports as oppose it when factoring out those without an opinion.
Obama chose a nominee that many regard as a moderate judge, and one several current Senate Republicans voted to confirm to their current federal judgeship. Obama may hope that the public can persuade reluctant Republicans to relent and vote to confirm their choice, and some GOP senators facing tough re-election battles may feel pressure to do so. Public opinion on Garland's confirmation is largely divided along partisan lines, but not any more so than it has been for other Obama nominees.
Importantly, with the exceptions of Bork and Miers, there has been little change in Americans' fundamental support for the confirmation of past high court nominees between Gallup's initial readings and subsequent measurements leading up to their confirmation hearings. As such, unless forthcoming reviews of Garland's qualifications and past judicial rulings raise serious concerns, the public is likely to continue to back their confirmation.
Historical data are available in Gallup Analytics.
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted March 18-19, 2016, on the Gallup U.S. Daily survey, with a random sample of 1,019 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points at the 95% confidence level. All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60% cellphone respondents and 40% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
View complete question responses and trends.
Learn more about how the Gallup U.S. Daily works.
Yesterday, we ran a story with the headline " Free Software Foundation Campaigning To Stop UEFI SecureBoot ." It's more complicated than that, though, writes gnujoshua The complete text of the statement they'd like people to sign reads: "We, the undersigned, urge all computer makers implementing UEFI's so-called "Secure Boot" to do it in a way that allows free software operating systems to be installed. To respect user freedom and truly protect user security, manufacturers must either allow computer owners to disable the boot restrictions, or provide a sure-fire way for them to install and run a free software operating system of their choice. We commit that we will neither purchase nor recommend computers that strip users of this critical freedom, and we will actively urge people in our communities to avoid such jailed systems."
Put down your pitchforks! But not all the way down. Keep them under your desk or maybe sort of casually lean on them, because while Richard Simmons has publicly denied being held against their will in their own home, that is, of course, the kind of thing someone might be forced to say if they are allegedly being held against their will in their own home. The exercise guru called in too Today to deny claims put forth by their former assistant Mauro Oliveira, who told the New York Daily News they fear Simmons is being kept captive by their longtime housekeeper, Teresa Reveles. Simmons denied the claim that their two-year absence from public life was indicative of an abusive situation, claiming their reclusive lifestyle is the result of their desire “to be a little bit of a loner for a while.” While that seems to go against everything the world knows about Richard Simmons, at least their fans can rest a little easier. For now.
"No one is holding me in my house as a hostage." -Richard Simmons refutes recent reports in interview w/Savannah https://t.co/hkksIrz315 — TODAY (@TODAYshow) March 14, 2016
By Marc Normandin
If you didn't know that Oakland Athletics outfielder Josh Reddick is a wrestling fan, then you haven't been paying enough attention to him. Reddick, who in 2012 won a Gold Glove, earned some MVP votes, and has emerged as one of the faces of their club, comes to the plate to various wrestling theme music. They have been photographed for spring training with their replica WWE Championship belt slung over their shoulder, and if you follow them on Twitter, you'll even catch them interacting with the likes of WWE Hall of Famer Jim Ross on occasion. Reddick loves their wrestling, specifically WWE, and has for quite some time.
"Every little kid gets into it at some point," says Reddick, who admits they stopped following the sports entertainment giant at some point between their youth and becoming a professional baseball player. When they moved in with a high school buddy of his, though, Reddick once again became a fan. "He was into it, and they paid for the cable, so every Monday night, I'd sit down and start watching it and got back into it. So they get the credit for getting me back into the whole thing. Being in baseball, I've got to meet all these different guys, but he's always the one person who takes me to all these events when I've been home."
Monday night is when WWE shows their flagship program, "RAW," live on the USA Network. The show is currently in its 21st season, and celebrated its 1,000th episode just last year, at the same time that it was pushed to a standard three-hour format. It's tough for a professional baseball player to consistently block away that much time for late-night television, but Reddick puts in the effort, even if he's not huge on everything the WWE is pushing in its stories right now -- such as the latest anti-establishment stable, The Shield.
The Shield debuted at the Survivor Series pay-per-view last August, interrupting the title match between Ryback and then-champion CM Punk by triple powerbombing the former through a table. "It would have been fine if they came up with some new ways to do it, but every week it was lights go out, here come the three guys, beat the crap out of each other, triple powerbomb. Next week, same thing," says Reddick. "At least if you're going to do that, switch it up and let them do some different things."
Reddick knows a thing or two about how a stable of heel characters should be run, as their favorite wrestler of all-time, Triple-H, was one of the founders of WWE's greatest group in that vein: Degeneration-X. While DX moved on from being just heels to fan favorites, part of that rise came from the promos, wrestling, and envelope-pushing of Triple-H and another Reddick favorite, Shawn Michaels. The Shield is a long way from that kind of recognition, as Reddick notes, and part of it is because they just haven't been allowed to grow and breathe much just yet.
Reddick, however, was thrilled when Triple-H returned to the ring at the start of the final RAW of February, for the first time since late-August of 2012. "I was going nuts in my apartment. It worked out great because you know, the time difference here, and I don't stay up past 11 since I've been in spring training, so for them to come out right at the beginning of the show was awesome for me." Triple-H's current story line is as the company's Chief Operating Officer, which in actuality isn't a stretch: in real life, he's the Executive Vice President, Talent, and is the likely heir to the WWE universe when Vince McMahon finally hangs it up, given their high-standing in the organization and their marriage -- both on- and off-screen -- to McMahon's daughter, Stephanie.
These front office responsibilities, which aren't entirely new for Triple-H, haven't kept them from befriending their long time fan, though they did slow down the process. "I actually met a camera guy from WWE and got to know the whole camera crew for about three years. I went to a number of shows, went backstage, met wrestlers, but just never crossed paths with Triple-H since they were always so busy. I've always used a wrestling walk-up song while hitting, and they just heard through the grapevine that I had used his, and that they were my favorite. One night in Boston, I got to meet him, and talked to them for about an hour backstage. They gave me their number, and we stayed in contact. Anytime they're around us, I give them a shout, and they leaf me ringside tickets." Reddick, whose voice tells you he's aware of how lucky that makes him, finishes with, "I'm grateful for that."
They can also thank Triple-H for the championship belt Reddick carries with him, as that was a gift to the outfielder from the WWE executive himself. "Triple-H actually sent that to me last spring training. I had a plastic replica belt that I had bought a few years ago, and took to photo day last year. I guess they found the pictures, and Triple-H has always been my favorite wrestler -- he's always been my favorite, ever since I started watching. They sent that two days later and said, 'If you're going to have a belt you might as well have the real thing'."
Of course, the real thing is always changing: the belt that Reddick possesses is no longer the official WWE Championship belt, as The Rock unveiled their custom iteration at just about the worst possible time for Reddick. "It's funny because the day before, I had the photo shot with the old belt. Then the next night, the new one comes out on RAW. I've actually looked into buying it, but it's $500, and I don't want to put some money into it like that." Not every fan of the WWE feels the same way, given that the item is back-ordered on the official shop through mid-March, but you can understand even a super fan on a baseball player's salary turning down the chance to spend almost $500 when you've already got a belt with a far cooler backstory.
Triple-H is far from the only wrestler Reddick has interacted with, and one such occurrence led to their favorite moment with WWE-inspired at-bat music. "My favorite time was probably with Ric Flair in 2011 when I was with Boston. Flair came around the clubhouse and me and [Dustin] Pedroia went nuts, Pedroia is a huge wrestling guy, as well. We took pictures with Ric, and I think Pedroia walked out to 'To be the man, you got to beat the man' and I walked out to the standard 'Woo' call. That was pretty cool they were able to do that for us, and it's one of my favorite moments."
What would top the at-bat music and the clubhouse meetings, though, would be a chance for Reddick to get into the ring himself: "I have yet to go on a show, so we need to get that pushed along to where I can get on a show, that'd be awesome. The more people know that, the better." For any of you bookers out there reading, know that Reddick has already devised a gimmick, as well as many of the other necessaries for building a WWE character. "I'd be the Red Rocket, I think it works out well since I throw guys out on the baseball field. I'm not a very big guy, so my finisher would have to be a submission so I can get a guy to tap out. Maybe I'd go to the Ric Flair Figure-Four Leg Lock." Reddick has a tag-team partner picked out, whether it be from the ranks of the WWE or a fellow MLB player. "Stone Cold Steve Austin fits my criteria for where I'm from, being from the south, and we got the redneck chugging beer thing, and it'd be cool just to get in the ring, have a match and chug beers with him. For a teammate, I'd need to go with someone who knows the moves, the only person I know who knows the moves is Pedroia, so I'd have to go with Pedroia."
The hypothetical charisma of a Reddick/Pedroia tag-team would certainly fit into the WWE universe, but they would still need a star to put them over and make them believable to fans. If given the choice, Reddick would pick current WWE champion Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for this task. "Rock would be into it, the fans would be into it, and it'd be fun just to have that sort of thing happen to me with someone like him."
The fans might not need that kind of convincing to buy into Reddick, though. He's a superb defensive player thanks to their general athleticism, and one with an arm so good that they and teammates have built a hypothetical wrestling gimmick out of it. They pied Coco Crisp in the face following a walk-off win last August... while wearing a Spider-Man costume:
That Spider-Man meme itself came out of a ridiculous catch Reddick made that saw them climb and hang off of a wall while the ball came to him, like something Willie Mays Hayes would have done in the fictional Major League universe. Reddick doesn't need to play a character like Hayes, though, as they already are one. It's no wonder they appreciate the spectacle of the sports entertainment business that is professional wrestling, as he's done their best to bring that kind of enjoyment to baseball fans.
* * *
Marc Normandin writes and edits for Over the Monster, a Boston Red Sox blog, and also contributes to Baseball Nation. He's one of many behind the e-book "The Hall of Nearly Great," and has written for Baseball Prospectus, ESPN and others. You can follow them on Twitter @Marc_Normandin.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has knocked back Southampton's move to re-sign Calum Chambers on loan.
England under-21 defender Chambers has been a target for several Premier League clubs - including Southampton - who want them on a season-long loan.
Chambers moved from Southampton to Arsenal for £16m last summer and enjoyed an impressive first half of the season.
But Chambers fell down the pecking order since the turn of the year but Gunners boss Wenger has told all interested clubs to forget about a loan.
Chambers, 20, is now regarded as one of the centre backs in the squad who can also fill in at right back and midfield.
In pictures - Arsenal win the Emirates Cup
The Houston Dynamo have acquired midfielder Alex from the Chicago Fire in exchange for forward Jason Johnson. Per MLS and club policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Alex, 26, tallied four goals and two assists in 77 appearances (49 starts) with Chicago, including playoffs. The São Paulo, Brazil native scored in the Dynamo's 2-1 win at Chicago in the 2012 Eastern Conference Knockout Round.
"We are pleased to welcome Alex to the Houston Dynamo," Dynamo VP/general manager Matt Jordan said. "He is a versatile and intelligent player who can play a variety of positions. They join our team at a good age with over 70 games played in MLS and valuable European experience. We feel they will be a positive addition to our group moving forward."
In their time with Chicago, Alex has played in a variety of positions, including, all positions across the midfield, as a forward, and also as a wide defender.  They are expected the be a valuable addition as the Dynamo prepare for several absences due to international competition this summer, including the CONCACAF Gold Cup and Copa America.
Alex came up through the youth system of Gremio Mauaense in Brazil before making 26 appearances in two years with Swiss club FC Wohlen and 19 appearances with FC Gossau.
The Dynamo selected Johnson in the first round (No. 13 overall) of the 2013 MLS SuperDraft out of Virginia Commonwealth University. The Jamaica native scored one goal in 22 career appearances (four starts) in three seasons with the Dynamo, including playoffs.
"We'd like to thank Jason for their time with the Houston Dynamo," Jordan said. "We wish them all the best moving forward."
Full Name: Alexandre Monteiro De Lima ("Alex")
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5'8"
Weight: 163 lbs.
Born: December 15, 1988
Place of Birth: São Paulo, Brazil
Citizenship: Brazil (U.S. Green Card holder)
Last Club: Chicago Fire
Acquired: Via trade on April 13, 2015
The Dota 2 Polycount Contest began on October 8th and officially ended this past Monday December 3rd. Over that two-month period the Polycount modeling community submitted more than 1,000 entries to the Dota 2 Workshop. We aren't exaggerating when we say that the sheer magnitude of high quality submissions has blown us away and that judging entries has been difficult because so many sets could have been winners. We have no doubt that a very large number (if not a large majority) of the sets contributed in the course of the contest will eventually be incorporated into the game. If your favorite entry didn't win, don't despair. There are enough great items here that we will see entries ship for the foreseeable future.
Incorporating feedback into a design is an important part of game development that a contest can't easily capture. Many of the contest submissions demonstrate this challenge with items that are 95% of the way to excellence, but need a few rounds of adjustments to be true winners. Some common flaws we discovered while judging were:
An overabundance of detail in small areas. In Dota, patches of small detail can look good in the profile view of a hero, but tend to become hard to read during the normal course of the game. Where and how to use detail, what color values, levels of contrast to apply on that detail are critical considerations when creating items for Dota.
Not taking advantage of value gradients that could enhance a hero's readability. If the brightness and tone of the colors at a hero's feet are as intense as those at the head, the character can become difficult for the eye to break apart at a glance. More on this in our Dota 2 art guide.
Some sets are extremely well executed and quite beautiful, but at the same time don't push on the character design enough. This is always in a delicate balance. Items should be recognizable as unique and enhance the hero's identity without being so radical as to shift the lore into too alien a territory.
Winners and losers can't be judged by the Workshop presentation alone. Many of these flaws only became apparent when we examined the items closely in game, under real game lighting and motion. As a result, some of our picks may surprise you. When relevant we will describe the tough decisions we faced.
Moving forward, we want to create an open discussion with the community about the techniques that enhance items to top tier status. To the extent that we can help teach, we will. To the extent that we can improve our tools to make it easier to iterate, we will. Initially this may manifest as blog posts from the art team, but longer term we expect to see Workshop features aimed at making iteration easier and technical feedback more visible to the community.
We will announce 3 winners today, 3 Wednesday, 4 Thursday, with the grand winner being unveiled on Friday. Trying to rank the top ten sets in order isn't our goal. They do not all succeed or fail in the same way. All winners will be available for purchase or as drops in next week's update.
Our selection of winners, then, is about capturing the contest entries that we feel represent the highest quality on all possible dimensions. In order to recognize the broadest range of set designs, we chose to not select two winners for the same hero. This doesn't mean these other sets won't be sold in the Dota store or appear as drops in future updates. Expect to see more sets ship in January.
Let's get on to the first set of winners.
A collection of three items created by Ze Blu Spy. Dota 2 Polycount Contest Finalist. On the trail of a curious cipher which might decrypt an ancient codex of the Hidden Temple, Lanaya stumbled upon a cache of hidden garments in an arboretum sacred to the Three Shades. Three garments, wrapped in the petals of an enormous nightshade, on which were inscribed the names of those ethereal Shades that lent their attributes to each piece: madness, terror and death. Most would consider these poor qualities in their attire. But for Templar Assassin, donning the Deadly Nightshade is an accelerant to wisdom.
Our first winner is a solid entry in every way. The modeling execution is excellent. Detail is used to add appealing flavor to the portrait. The design pushes Templar Assassin in a distinct direction that maintains their identity while telling a new story. The hero is readable at a glance, with large areas of color and contrast providing a sense of shape to the character. This set was in close contention with the Shadow of the Thief-Scholar by Plant which we love and intend to ship. Ultimately we felt the Deadly Nightshade set took more risks that paid off.
Our second winner…
A collection of five items created by Squid. Dota 2 Polycount Contest Finalist. Trinkets and tall tales are just a few of the ways a drifter can make a living out in Riftshadow, but there's a lot more in the waste if you know how to look, and where. You'll want a guide and someone who knows their way in a fight; that should let you scratch the surface and take in some history. Getting rich from the ruins though, that's another matter. If you want to learn Riftshadow's darkest secrets, you better tip well and know how to keep your mouth shut.
There's very little criticism we can level against this set. Squid has captured Meepo's personality and exaggerated it without going over the top. Here is a well farmed Meepo, spending their gold on the fanciest gear Riftshadow has to offer. The execution is top tier, with excellent work on the modeling, texturing, color choices, and use of detail. This is a very detailed set that reads clean in game at normal game distance. For us, the set was a contender for the grand prize winner. Great job, Squid.
And today's last winner…
A collection of five items created by Farfarer. Dota 2 Polycount Contest Finalist. In hushed tones, legends have long been whispered of the near-mythical stormcrows. Enormous, powerful and reclusive, these strange, scarce birds range across the highest peaks of the Prefect mountains, hidden from the world by a constant bank of dark cloud. Their rare sighting are ill omens, said to portend storms soon to follow. Legends also tell of those who have dared try to harness the power of these creatures for themselves. For the only way to return after stealing one of their eggs – a potent source of power – is to wrestle control of a stormcrow and ride it down to the ground, miles below.
Stormcrow's Spirit by Farfarer excels in design and execution. Here is a completely new identity and story for the Witch Doctor thoughtfully captured in every detail. We're particularly fond of the giant crow egg in sling and the wicked crow-bone divination staff. If we had any suggestion for the set it would be to enhance the contrast among the feathers on the back, but this is a minor observation. We may also make an adjustment to the lighting and camera angle in the portrait to draw more attention to the wicked mask (something workshop contributors currently can't do, but hopefully will be able to do soon).
Remember to check back tomorrow for another set of winners!
The Desi And D-Rob Alliance
Nationals Communications Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 9, 2013
Follow @Nationals on Twitter | Like the Nationals on Facebook
Washington and New York have a lot in common.
Where D.C. is the center of governmental power, New York is the hub of the financial world. The District, The Big Apple. Defending champions of the National League East, defending champions of the American League East.
So it's only fitting for us to partner together for a common cause — to get our deserving candidates to the 2013 All-Star Game, which will, of course, be played in New York. Pooling our collective energy, we hope to land both Ian Desmond and David Robertson into the Midsummer Classic.
We've already detailed for you the many reasons why Desmond should once again be an All-Star. Just as Desmond's accomplishments have been at times overshadowed by their fellow teammates on the left side of the defense — Bryce Harper and Ryan Zimmerman — so have Robertson's. After all, it's hard to be a relief pitcher in pinstripes not named Mariano Rivera.
But Robertson is 4–1 with a 2.23 ERA in 39 appearances this season. In 36.1 innings, they have allowed just 23 hits and three home runs while walking 12 and striking out 46.
And for everything these two do on the field, they are both some of the most active off the field in helping their communities as well. Though Desmond doesn't advertise their charity work, they do, in fact, sit on the board of the Washington Nationals Youth Baseball Academy, and is one of the strongest forces behind turning the dream of the Academy into a reality. The Academy is set to open its doors for academic programming in the fall, with full baseball clinics beginning next spring.
But what's the meaning behind Robertson's #HighSocksForVotes? Well, High Socks For Hope, a 501©(3) Nonprofit Corporation, was founded by Robertson and their wife Erin after tornadoes ravaged David's hometown of Tuscaloosa, Alabama in 2011. High Socks For Hope's mission is to lend support to charities and organizations helping those affected by tragedies and to provide humanitarian services for individuals in need.
Of course, D.C. and New York have their differences, too, but those only make them stronger when united. The Nationals fan base is the youngest and one of the fastest-growing in baseball. The Yankees fan base is arguably the largest in the game, with the sport's longest legacy of winning. Hopefully, by joining forces, we can get two great players — and great men — into the Midsummer Classic.
Vote #DesiIn13 at nationals.com/vote. And while you're at it, make sure to mark your ballot #HighSocksForVotes too. You can also text N1 and A3 to 89269 to vote for Desmond and Robertson, respectively. Unlimited voting ends July 11 at 4PM ET.
Penn State scientists have grown improved artificial transplantable artificial axons (brain pathways) in the lab. The new “micro-tissue engineered neural networks” (micro-TENNS) replace broken axon pathways when implanted in the brains of rats.
(Neurons are connected by long fibrous projections known as axons. When these connections are damaged, they have very limited capacity to regenerate — unlike many other cells in the body — thus permanently disrupting the body's signal transmission and communication structure.)
The new lab-grown axons could one day replace damaged axons in the brains of patients with severe head injuries, strokes, or neurodegenerative diseases and could be safely delivered with minimal disruption to brain tissue, according to new research from Penn Medicine's department of Neurosurgical Research. Their (literally) pathfinding work is published in an open-access paper in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
Senior author D. Kacy Cullen, PhD, an assistant professor of Neurosurgery and their team, previously reported in a 2015 publication in Tissue Engineering that micro-TENNS could be delivered into the brains of rats. The research team has now developed a new, less-invasive delivery method to minimize the body's reaction and improve the survival and integration of the neural networks.
The team replaced needles with a molded cylinder of agarose (a sugar) filled with an extracellular matrix (ECM) supporting structure through which axons — and associated neurons — could grow in the cerebral cortex and the thalamus. The new axons maintained their architecture for several weeks and successfully integrated into existing brain structures, softening immediately following insertion to better match the mechanical properties of the native brain tissue.
Cullen and team plan to perfect their processes and further integrate neuroscience and engineering to come up with unique ways to aid patients suffering from brain injury or common neurodegenerative diseases. “Additional research is required to directly test micro-TENN neuron survival and integration for each of these insertion methods,” Cullen said.
“We hope this regenerative medicine strategy will someday enable us to grow individualized neural networks that are tailored for each patient's specific need,” they said, “ultimately, to replace lost neural circuits and improve brain function.”
Abstract of Advanced biomaterial strategies to transplant preformed micro-tissue engineered neural networks into the brain
Objective. Connectome disruption is a hallmark of many neurological diseases and trauma with no current strategies to restore lost long-distance axonal pathways in the brain. We are creating transplantable micro-tissue engineered neural networks (micro-TENNs), which are preformed constructs consisting of embedded neurons and long axonal tracts to integrate with the nervous system to physically reconstitute lost axonal pathways. Approach. We advanced micro-tissue engineering techniques to generate micro-TENNs consisting of discrete populations of mature primary cerebral cortical neurons spanned by long axonal fascicles encased in miniature hydrogel micro-columns. Further, we improved the biomaterial encasement scheme by adding a thin layer of low viscosity carboxymethylcellulose (CMC) to enable needle-less insertion and rapid softening for mechanical similarity with brain tissue. Main results. The engineered architecture of cortical micro-TENNs facilitated robust neuronal viability and axonal cytoarchitecture to at least 22 days in vitro. Micro-TENNs displayed discrete neuronal populations spanned by long axonal fasciculation throughout the core, thus mimicking the general systems-level anatomy of gray matter—white matter in the brain. Additionally, micro-columns with thin CMC-coating upon mild dehydration were able to withstand a force of 893 ± 457 mN before buckling, whereas a solid agarose cylinder of similar dimensions was predicted to withstand less than 150 μN of force. This thin CMC coating increased the stiffness by three orders of magnitude, enabling needle-less insertion into brain while significantly reducing the footprint of previous needle-based delivery methods to minimize insertion trauma. Significance. Our novel micro-TENNs are the first strategy designed for minimally invasive implantation to facilitate nervous system repair by simultaneously providing neuronal replacement and physical reconstruction of long-distance axon pathways in the brain. The micro-TENN approach may offer the ability to treat several disorders that disrupt the connectome, including Parkinson's disease, traumatic brain injury, stroke, and brain tumor excision.
Abstract of Rebuilding Brain Circuitry with Living Micro-Tissue Engineered Neural Networks
Prominent neuropathology following trauma, stroke, and various neurodegenerative diseases includes neuronal degeneration as well as loss of long-distance axonal connections. While cell replacement and axonal pathfinding strategies are often explored independently, there is no strategy capable of simultaneously replacing lost neurons and re-establishing long-distance axonal connections in the central nervous system. Accordingly, we have created micro-tissue engineered neural networks (micro-TENNs), which are preformed constructs consisting of long integrated axonal tracts spanning discrete neuronal populations. These living micro-TENNs reconstitute the architecture of long-distance axonal tracts, and thus may serve as an effective substrate for targeted neurosurgical reconstruction of damaged pathways in the brain. Cerebral cortical neurons or dorsal root ganglia neurons were precisely delivered into the tubular constructs, and properties of the hydrogel exterior and extracellular matrix internal column (180–500 μm diameter) were optimized for robust neuronal survival and to promote axonal extensions across the 2.0 cm tube length. The very small diameter permits minimally invasive delivery into the brain. In this study, preformed micro-TENNs were stereotaxically injected into naive rats to bridge deep thalamic structures with the cerebral cortex to assess construct survival and integration. We found that micro-TENN neurons survived at least 1 month and maintained their long axonal architecture along the cortical–thalamic axis. Notably, we also found neurite penetration from micro-TENN neurons into the host cortex, with evidence of synapse formation. These micro-TENNs represent a new strategy to facilitate nervous system repair by recapitulating features of neural pathways to restore or modulate damaged brain circuitry.
"If people come in and feel off-balance, that's a good thing. Just the fact we do have things people can touch and play with courts a more open conversation."
The lab has been soft-launched with select clients and will be officially opening next week.
'Creation space' boom
The multimillion-dollar room is part of a mini-boom in "creation spaces" across corporate Australia – large corporations such as the big banks have their own labs – where senior executives and staff can be terrified and/or dazzled with interactive presentations about the forces that will disrupt their business before trying to figure out how to disrupt themselves.
While the firms are quick to point to their special brand of research and idea creation, and they all feature expensive hardware in their labs, at least one consultant thinks brainstorming would be as effective in a noisy pub.
Kristina Craig demonstrates a virtual reality gadget. Edwina Pickles
"The best part about [the labs] in my view is that they take corporate innovation away from business cases, spreadsheets and slide decks and make it about experiments and prototypes with a focus on iterating and accelerating learning," said Peter Williams, an ex-partner at Deloitte and head of the firm's Centre for the Edge, which involves, in part, researching how technology is changing society.
KPMG's offering features Ms Craig and their team of two consultants analysing all the latest technology and services from around the world and their potential impact upon a client's industry.
Advertisement
The focus is on separating the social media hype around new technology and where the money is actually going, in terms of venture capital funding and patents.
"We're helping clients to understand the difference between walk and talk," they said.
Ms Craig, 28, has extensive experience in start-up land and was a co-founder of e-commerce consultancy MindArc before joining KPMG.
Very reluctantly, they admitted to "skipping a few years" of high school because they kept "100 percenting most things" before beginning an Information Technology and Economics degree at Macquarie University at age 16.
Ms Craig has also worked as a beta-tester at Blizzard games studio and spent time as a consultant at EY.
They remain an avid gamer, nominating Age of Empires II as a favourite title, and puts together personal computers in their spare time.
Greenhouses and more toys
EY has recently established a Design Studio in its Melbourne office to help clients with strategic problems using the firm's "Innovation Realised" methodology, said Gerard Dalbosco, the firm's Melbourne managing partner.
Advertisement
"That is designed to have the clients walk away with some tangible actions," they said.
"There's a bit of iteration in these sessions. The fail fast is important. The methodology forces that. If you get to a point where you hit a brick wall you can revert, go back and think again."
Mr Dalbosco described the studio an open flexible space with virtual-reality gear, drones, a 3D printer and even an old-fashioned whiteboard.
PricewaterhouseCoopers uses a combination of Innovation Hubs and Experience Centres in its east-coast offices.
"They are co-working and incubation spaces that we share with a number of start-ups and use as co-working spaces with clients," said John Riccio, a partner and digital services leader at the firm.
And the toys. Mr Riccio outlined a range of gadgets including the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, Samsung GearVR and Google Cardboard VR Headsets, motion input devices such as the Leap Motion and other systems to visualise customer feedback and other data.
Deloitte has five "Greenhouse" innovation labs across the country which feature interactive touchscreens and other tech gear like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive sets for clients to play with, said Jason Bender, a partner at the firm and a national leader in its innovation program.
Mr Bender said the focus of the Deloitte labs, which are also set up at client sites as required, is to "speed up strategic thinking to create products and services".
Advertisement
A pub is just as good
Professional services giant Accenture runs workshops in both purpose-built facilities full of gadgets such as multi-touch tables and rapid prototyping hardware and software, but also plain rooms with little more than whiteboards, sticky notes and paper workshop templates.
"We do use some digital tools, like Marvel or InVision, to quickly make clickable prototypes out of sketches, but we might just as often sketch a storyboard or make a diorama out of cardboard," said Andy Polaine, senior design and innovation principle at Accenture.
Colleague Justin Baird takes the view that "noisy coffee shops or pubs" are just as good for thinking up new ideas.
"I've had tremendously productive sessions in purpose built facilities, as well as noisy coffee shops or pubs," Mr Baird, the firm's managing director for technology, research and development and innovation, said.
They added: "So much of it has to do with the company you're keeping and the subject areas. Sometimes lack of distraction can come in the form of an overly noisy environment where everything else is washed out as noise."
edmundtadros@afr.com.au
Share
Google's DayDream team has been experimenting with virtual reality as a training medium, as well as one designed with entertainment in mind. In an experiment that walked people through the functions of a virtual coffee machine, it found that the VR trainees learned far quicker and more effectively than those trained using videos alone.
Although since the release of consumer-grade headsets like the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift, the majority of software released for them could be categorized as games and visual experiences, VR can also be leveraged effectively as an educational tool. Some really early releases hinted at the medium's potential in that arena and now Google is looking to draw up some hard data on just how effective it can be.
In this test it pitted two groups against one another, charging each with the operation of an espresso machine that none had come across before. The first group was only allowed to watch YouTube videos showing its operation, while the latter was given a virtual copy to play with in HTC Vive-powered virtual reality. As RoadToVR explains, each team was given as much time with their respective training tools as they wanted.
In terms of the speed of learning, video viewers typically watched three run-throughs of the machine's use before being able to make an espresso that was considered passable. In comparison, the VR testers were able to perform the same task after just two run-throughs of the simulation.
Better yet, the DayDream team found those trained in VR made significantly fewer mistakes during operation than the video trainees.
One of the moderators of the study, Google software engineer Ian MacGillivray, praised both groups but ultimately said that those trained in VR were far more efficient — even if they didn't much rate the coffee either group produced in their first attempt at being baristas.
While it seems like the virtual familiarity gained through training gave the VR practitioners a leg up in the real world, it should be noted that that familiarity with an unreal espresso machine did present some problems. Despite visual and auditory warnings that some parts of the machine would be exceedingly hot, testers tended to ignore that aspect in VR, and were then in far more danger of burning themselves in the real world.
The tactile feedback of the controller was also not ideal, offering only minor vibrations. In that respect and several others, Google believes much work still needs to be done, but that VR training certainly could act as a very effective tool in the future.
President Rodrigo Duterte says they would be driven to do this if they ever witnesses ISIS barbarity in the Philippines
Published 5:49 PM, September 06, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – Just give them salt and vinegar and President Rodrigo Duterte is ready to "eat alive" terrorists, if driven to extreme anger.
"'Pag galitin mo akong talagang sasagad na, kaya kong kumain ng tao. Bigyan mo lang ako ng suka't asin, kakainin ko sa harap nila 'yan," the Philippine President said in their trademark deadpan fashion when they addressed a gathering of Filipinos based in Vientiane, Laos, on Monday night, September 5.
(Just drive me to extreme anger, and I can eat a person. Just give me vinegar and salt, I can eat a person in front of them.)
Duterte was sharing their thoughts on violent extremists, particularly terror group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
They said if they ever witnesses ISIS barbarity in the Philippines, they would not hesitate to "eat" terrorists alive.
"They've burned 20 young girls for refusing to have sex. Ano'ng – 'pag pinaharap mo ako ng gano'n – alam mo, kaya kong kumain ng tao. Talagang buksan ko 'yang katawan mo, bigyan mo ako suka't asin, kakainin kita," Duterte said, their latest apparent hyperbole to show their disgust over terrorists.
(If you show me that kind of act – you know, I am capable of eating a person. I'll really open up the body, give me vinegar and salt, I'll eat you.)
Talking about their controversial campaign against illegal drugs, they said they are the only political leader capable of "eating a person" who has done great harm to the country.
"Sino'ng puwedeng mag-Presidente? Gawin mo 'yan. Kaya nila 'yan, kumain ng tao? Oo. Ako, 'pag galitin mo ako, sa totoo lang – I will eat you alive. Raw," said Duterte.
(Who can be President? Do that. Can they do that, eat a person? Yes. Me, if you anger me, in truth, I will eat you alive. Raw.)
Duterte had made a similar statement during the presidential campaign when they pointed to what they believed was an essential quality of a Chief Executive – they or they must have the capacity to kill for the national interest. When they were Davao City mayor, they used to say that they would "personally" kill people to stop criminality.
Their Palace aides have dismissed Duterte's supposed propensity for killing as mere "hyperbole."
Duterte became the first Filipino official to publicly acknowledge the threat of ISIS in August. (Read: Duterte: ISIS followers radicalizing Filipinos in Mindanao)
They warned that the Philippines would have a "problem with the ISIS" in the next "3 to 7 years."
Duterte has been known for their colorful, hyperbolic language, especially when they make threats or launches tirades.
Duterte's threat to terrorists comes days after a Davao City bombing that killed 14 and wounded around 70 others. Law enforcers are yet to identify those behind the blast. (READ: Who's behind the Davao bombing?)
The President has ordered the military to "destroy" the Abu Sayyaf, a terrorist group responsible for hostage-taking and previous bomb attacks.
Recent acts of terrorism and crime, including the Davao City blast, were what prompted Duterte to declare a "state of national emergency on account of lawless violence in Mindanao." – Rappler.com
South Korean soldiers are firing a 155-millimeter artillery gun in a drill. / Yonhap
North Korea has set up its artillery inside the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in its efforts to stop South Korea's broadcasts against the North.
The North reportedly brought 76.2-millimeter artillery guns into the DMZ and positioned more military units behind the DMZ on Saturday, according to Yonhap News Agency. The guns are supposedly the same weapons the North recently used in its preemptive strikes at the South's western border regions on Thursday afternoon.
The North's regrouping of the artillery inside the DMZ is a clear violation of the armistice and their non-aggression agreement, the source said. The North has been keeping the weapons outside the DMZ until now.
The South has been monitoring the North's movement of its military units as the North demanded the South stop the psyop propaganda using loudspeakers before 5:00 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 22.
Korean Language
"北 확성기 타격 준비 움직임…76.2㎜ 견인포 DMZ 내 배치"
북한이 대북 확성기 철거를 요구한 시한인 22일 북한군은 확성기 타격을 위한 준비에 돌입한 것으로 알려졌다.
군의 한 소식통은 이날 '북한군은 확성기 타격 준비 움직임을 보이고 있다'며 '일부 지역에서 직사화기(평곡사포)인 76.2㎜ 견인포를 비무장지대(DMZ)에 배치했고 후방지역 포병부대도 움직임이 있다'고 말했다.
이 소식통은 '우리 군은 무인기 등 감시자산을 총동원해 북한군의 동향을 예의주시하고 있다'고 밝혔다.
북한군은 지난 20일 서북전선 포격 도발 때도 76.2㎜ 직사화기를 비무장지대 안으로 끌고 와 군사분계선(MDL) 남쪽 비무장지대로 포탄을 발사한 것으로 군 당국은 추정한 바 있다.
북한군 연대급 부대에 편제된 76.2㎜는 견인포로 평소에는 비무장지대 밖에 배치된다. 비무장지대에 이런 중화기를 배치하는 것은 정전협정 위반이다.
군 당국은 북한군의 확성기를 타격한다면 76.2㎜ 직사화기를 활용할 가능성이 큰 것으로 보고 있다.
군 관계자는 '북한군이 보유한 122㎜ 방사포는 광범위한 지역에 피해를 줄 수 있다는 점에서 확성기를 타격한다면 76.2㎜를 활용할 가능성이 있다'고 말했다.
게다가 76.2㎜는 직사화기이기 때문에 우리 군이 보유한 대포병레이더로 원점을 파악하기 어렵다.
이 관계자는 '확성기를 타격한 수단의 원점이 파악되지 않으면 피해상황을 고려해 상응하는 북한군 표적에 대해 대응사격을 하게 될 것'이라고 설명했다.
앞서 북한은 지난 20일 노동당 중앙군사위원회를 열어 48시간(22일 오후 5시) 안으로 대북심리전 방송을 중지하고 모든 심리전 수단을 전면 철거하지 않는다면 강력한 군사적 행동으로 넘어간다는 최후통첩을 했다. (연합뉴스)
The average monthly Russian wage in U.S. Dollars was on par with salaries in Kazakhstan in 2015, the RBC news website reported Tuesday.
The weak ruble caused the average Russian monthly salary to total just $558 last year, a 34 percent decrease compared to 2014, a report from Moscow's Higher School of Economics (HSE) found.
In comparison, the average monthly wages in Kazakhstan and Belarus last year were $549 and $415 respectively.
Between the years of 2011 and 2015, wages in Russia were consistently higher than in other former Soviet countries. In 2014, Russian saw their earnings shrink by 10 percent compared to 2013 to $847 a month. Experts have noted that the salary gap between Russia and other post-soviet nations is gradually decreasing, RBC reported.
The Russian ruble started to sharply lose its position against the US dollar in 2014 amid a slump in global oil prices. The weakening ruble helped push the annual inflation to 12.9 percent in 2015 and resulted in the 9.5 percent decline in Russians' real wages.
This article is over 3 years old
Proposal backed by Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and others include closing background check loopholes and preventing unauthorized guns purchases
Senate Democrats unveiled a set of gun control measures on Thursday in a new attempt to address the US's problem with gun violence.
One week after nine people were shot and killed at Umpqua community college in Roseburg, Oregon, senators announced measures meant to improve the background check system and prevent people who are not allowed to buy guns from obtaining them illegally.
These efforts, however, are likely to fail in the Republican-controlled Senate.
Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, liberal icon Elizabeth Warren and red-state Democrat Claire McCaskill stood with other Democrats outside the Capitol building on Thursday morning at a press conference for the announcement.
Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) I am appalled by gun violence in our country and the mass shootings in our churches and colleges. #StopGunViolence pic.twitter.com/1ANjqOmWjB
Oregon senator Ron Wyden, who travelled to Roseburg from Washington DC after the shooting, said that the group's proposals were ideas “most Americans can agree on”, emphasizing that the measures were not meant to infringe on gun owners' constitutional right to bear arms.
994 mass shootings in 1,004 days: this is what America's gun crisis looks like Read more
“Victims and their families deserve better than a Congress that just shrugs its shoulders,” Wyden said.
The new legislation builds on a failed proposal introduced in 2013 following the Newtown shooting.
Democrats hope the legislation can put an end to things such as straw purchasing – when someone buys a gun for a person who is not licensed to purchase it.
They are also trying to close background check loopholes, such as the one that allows a gun sale to go through without a check if that check takes more than 72 hours. The legislation would also stop convicted domestic abusers from purchasing firearms.
Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton proposed a similar plan this week. Them proposal also calls for an end to the 72-hour loophole and a crackdown on illegal gun sales.
Senator Chuck Schumer, of New York, and Debbie Stabenow, of Michigan, outlined the Senate Democrats' proposal in a letter to their colleagues on Wednesday.
“These principles will be a rallying point for a public that is eager for congressional action and will be the basis for future legislation that we will demand receive a vote,” the letter said.
Oregon shooting: eight ideas to help stop gun violence Read more
In a fiery speech following the Umpqua shooting, Barack Obama voiced their frustration with the legislative system blocking even mild gun control reform. They called for change from the electorate, media and lawmakers.
“It will require that the American people, individually, whether you are a Democrat or a Republican or an independent, when you decide to vote for somebody, are making a determination as to whether this cause of continuing death for innocent people should be a relevant factor in your decision,” Obama said.
Obama is set to visit Roseburg on Friday and meet with families of victims there.
High-profile BBC journalists and presenters such as Nick Robinson, Laura Kuenssberg and John Humphrys will have their pay made public as part of a plan imposed by the government while it renews the BBC's royal charter.
BBC chief voices fears over ministerial influence outlined in white paper Read more
The Department of Culture will announce on Thursday that it has told the BBC it must disclose the salaries of the 109 TV and radio presenters who earn more than £150,000 a year, a figure far below that previously envisaged.
David Cameron had told the BBC before last June's EU referendum that the pay disclosure should only apply to on-air talent earning more than £450,000 a year. But Theresa May, the prime minister, and Karen Bradley, the culture secretary, have chosen to reduce the amount, meaning that many of the corporation's best-known journalists will have their pay announced.
It is expected that Kirsty Wark, Fiona Bruce and Jeremy Vine will be among those whose pay will have to be disclosed by the broadcaster. Others likely to be affected include Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman, who present Strictly Come Dancing. Initially their pay will have to be disclosed in £50,000 bands, though these will narrow.
The BBC has been highly critical of plans to force it to disclose what presenters earn, describing them as a “poachers' charter” because it would give rivals a clear idea of how to woo some of their best-known names at a time when competition in television is intensifying.
Earlier this week, Channel 4 agreed to pay £25m a year to snatch the Great British Bake Off from the BBC – and the two broadcasters are now in a tug of war over the programme's judges Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry.
However, the government is determined to introduce greater transparency to publicly funded bodies. The draft charter is also likely to require that the BBC moves to smaller bands than £50,000 “in line with public sector best practice” in the future.
A government source said: “Licence fee payers have a right to know where their money goes. By making the BBC more transparent, it will help deliver savings that then can be invested in even more great programmes.”
At present, the BBC discloses the amounts received by its most highly paid stars in wide income bands on an anonymous basis. The broadcaster's latest annual report revealed that the number of BBC stars earning from £500,000 to £5m a year fell from nine to seven last year. These seven, likely to include Gary Lineker and Chris Evans as well as Graham Norton, shared £6.6m in total, a decline of 25% compared with the total for all those earning more than £500,000 in 2014-15.
The government's disclosure rules only apply to those paid by the licence fee, which is expected to catch most of the best-known news presenters. The pay of senior BBC executives is already disclosed, with government sources calling the historic secrecy around presenters' and actors' pay “an anomaly”.
Actors and on-air talent paid for by the BBC's commercial arm or under co-production deals could still avoid the disclosure rules in theory, as will all on-air talent working for the BBC's commercial rivals. Two of the main presenters of Great British Bake Off, Berry and Hollywood, for example, are not thought to be employed directly by the BBC but by Love Productions.
The charter document will also finalise plans to reform the BBC's governance. On Tuesday, the BBC's chairperson, Rona Fairhead, announced that they would not be staying on after Theresa May decided that an earlier agreement that they should remain in post until 2018 would not be honoured and there there would be an “open and transparent process” of recruitment which the DCMS said would start “in the coming weeks”.
Ministers are expected to confirm they only intend to appoint up to five board members, including the chair and up to four members representing the nations and regions. A new, single BBC board, replacing the old two-tier BBC Trust and executive board, will include five other “independent” board members and four other corporation executives – meaning that government appointees will be in a minority.
That will be seen as a victory for the BBC, which had warned of the risks of creeping political control. But the defenestration of Fairhead has left bad feeling among some of the outgoing trustees, some of whom have told the Guardian of their “absolute outrage” over their treatment.
Although the decision by Cameron to allow Fairhead to extend their contract in May after a behind-the-scenes deal was widely criticised, reversing the decision a matter of months before the end of the existing trust has proved equally controversial.
One trustee, who did not want to be named, said: “This is quite simply an affront to and massive erosion of the independence of the BBC.
“This ground zero approach seems to be Theresa May's trademark … This is not just utterly brutal to [Fairhead], it's bad for the BBC. There is a vital distinction between a national and a state broadcaster and this regime has simply decided to appoint its own person to the job.”
Given the surprise over Fairhead's departure, which will only happen once the trust itself is wound up early next year, few names have emerged as favourites for the job. In the past, former ITV's chairperson, Archie Norman, and Pearson's boss, Marjorie Scardino, have been mooted for the role.
Other plans expected to be unveiled in the new charter include a clause to prevent the BBC striking financial settlements with the Treasury in secret, such as last year's arrangement, which saddled the BBC with the cost of free licence fees for the over-75s. Instead any new licence fee settlement is likely to be put before parliament for debate.
LEVIN: I'm not happy with the candidates. There's too many of them. I can't control it, and neither can anybody else. I think we conservatives will have to rally behind one or two or three quickly. Or the RINOs will pick us off, as they did with McCain and Romney and hope to do with Jeb Bush, among others.
On the Democrat side, this is amazing to me. I don't know how Hillary Clinton hasn't at least served some time in prison, given their background and what she's done. Now they set up this front group to loan their money through so the sources of the money wouldn't be known. That Bill Clinton receives. There's so much graft, corruption and sleaze in this family and what they do. Yet, apparently, that's the definition of the Democrat party. They are, right now, unless you take the goofball from Vermont, she's right now the only so-called serious candidate the Democrats have.
HANNITY: If you were running against Hillary, they've gotten away with so much in the past. Do you focus on the scandals or focus on how to get 93 million Americans back in the labor force, 50 million Americans off food stamps and out of poverty. Do you focus on the debt and deficit, securing the boarding, do you focus on energy? You have to have a positive agenda and tell people how to get them back to work and stop robbing them kids.
LEVIN: I think you have to do both. I don't think the candidate should get into e-mails and what it said on May 12th, 2014. You can leave that to surrogates and others.
I think the key here is to have a principle conservative message to connect with the blue collar and other collar democrats. To keep the base. To connect with the American people. And to have a positive, strong, consecutive, principled message.
Now is the time.
To promote our position and to contrast it with the left. The Obama economy, let alone the foreign policy, they've been a complete and utter disaster. The Democrats want to do more of the same. Tax, debt, illegal immigration, kill the currency, leave our allies on their own, stand back and watch genocide. This is a record.
If we can't win this time around, I don't think we're ever going to win.
UK arms sales to the Middle East include tear gas and crowd control ammunition to Bahrain and Libya
As protests against authoritarian regimes across the Middle East are met with violent repression, Campaign Against Arms Trade highlights the UK's role in arming the regimes.
The UK Government has approved the sale of tear gas and crowd control ammunition to Bahrain and Libya in the last year. Sales to these countries have been promoted by the UK government arms promotion unit UK Trade & Investment Defence & Security Organisation (UKTI DSO).
This weekend, the UK arms industry will attend a major arms fair, IDEX, in the Middle East, a ‘priority market' for the UK. UKTI DSO will be exhibiting and UK arms industry trade body A|D|S boasts that 10% of exhibitors will be UK businesses and organisations.
Bahrain
In 2010, equipment approved for export included tear gas and crowd control ammunition, equipment for the use of aircraft cannons, assault rifles, shotguns, sniper rifles and sub-machine guns. No requests for licences were refused.
UKTI DSO has listed Bahrain as a key market for UK arms exports.
Bahrain was invited to attend the UK arms fairs: the Farnborough Airshow in 2010 and Defence and Security Equipment International in 2009. UKTI DSO supported the Bahrain International Airshow 2010, where it organised an outdoor event.
UK armed forces have been used in support of sales efforts, demonstrating arms to the Royal Bahrain Artillery.
Libya
In the third quarter of 2010 (the most recent period for which figures are available), equipment approved for export included wall and door breaching projectile launchers, crowd control ammunition, small arms ammunition, tear gas/irritant ammunition, training tear gas/irritant ammunition. Ammunition comprised £3.2m of the £4.7m million of military items licensed.
Sniper rifles were among the other equipment licensed in 2010. No requests for licences were refused in 2010.
Libya is a UKTI/DSO priority market country, and the UK has made ‘high level political interventions' in support of arms sales to Libya.
Libya was also invited to attend the UK arms fairs: the Farnborough Airshow in 2010 and Defence and Security Equipment International in 2009.
The UK had by far the largest pavilion at Libya's arms fair LibDex in 2010, and was supported by a team from UKTI DSO.
Other licences approved for the region in 2010 include
Algeria
In the third quarter of 2010: Combat helicopters and military utility helicopters (Helicopter licences were worth £269 million) and technology for the production of corvettes. Algeria is a priority market for UKTI DSO. This week UKTI is offering advice sessions for companies that wish to export to the country. Egypt In 2010: components for all-wheel drive vehicles with ballistic protection; military communications equipment; optical target surveillance equipment; components for armoured personnel carriers; components for semi-automatic pistols; and components for submachine guns. Saudi Arabia In 2010: armoured personnel carriers, ground vehicle military communications equipment, sniper rifles; small arms ammunition; weapon sights and in 2009: CS hand grenades, tear gas/irritant ammunition and tear gas/riot control agents. Sarah Waldron Campaigns Coordinator at CAAT said: “Government ministers claim they wish to support open and democratic societies in the Middle East but at the same time are aiding authoritarian regimes and providing the tools for repression. They don't just approve the sale of this equipment – they actively promote it.” “There should be an immediate arms embargo – but more importantly we should be asking why these exports were ever licensed in the first place.” ENDS For further information or an interview please contact CAAT's Campaigns Coordinator, Sarah Waldron on 020 7281 0297 or mobile 07990 673 232 or email campaign@caat.org.ukNOTES 1. Campaign Against Arms Trade (CAAT) works for the reduction and ultimate abolition of the international arms trade. Around 80% of CAAT's income is raised from individual supporters. 2. Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Libya and Saudi Arabia are all classed as authoritarian regimes according to the Economist Intelligence Unit Index of Democracy 2008. 3. The International Defence Exhibition and Conference (IDEX) is the largest defence and security event in the Middle East and North African region, taking place from Sunday 20th – Thursday 24th February, in Abu Dhabi, UAE. UK Trade organisation Aerospace|Defence|Security will be attending to “continue its promotion of the UK defence and security industry's interests in the UAE and Middle East.” 4. UK Trade and Investment has approximately 130 staff to support 34 industry sectors. In 2008, it opened the Defence & Security Organisation (UKTI DSO) to promote arms exports. UKTI now employs 160 civil servants to sell arms. Peter Luff, Defence Equipment Minister, has said: “There will be a very, very, very heavy ministerial commitment to (arms sales). There is a sense that in the past we were rather embarrassed about exporting defence products. There is no such embarrassment in this Government.” Foreign Secretary William Hague has also been upfront about their involvement in promoting BAE products to the rest of the world. 5. See CAAT's summary of UK arms exports and promotion. Approved UK arms export licences are taken from government figures for Strategic Export Controls. CAAT has compiled a calendar of UKTI DSO arms promotion activity. CAAT publishes the results of Freedom of Information requests related to UK arms promotion. 6. CAAT's new campaign “This is NOT OK” challenges the government's assertion it has a responsible arms export policy. The campaign focuses on the support provided by the UK Trade & Investment Defence & Security Organisation (UKTI DSO), the government organisation responsible for promoting arms exports and organising and inviting foreign government delegations to UK arms fairs. 7. CAAT's campaign also targets Clarion Events, the private company that owns and organises international arms fairs, including DSEi, Defence and Security Equipment International, the biennial London arms fair. Clarion Events also owns events such as the Baby Show, taking place this weekend at the ExCeL Centre in East London (the venue for DSEI later in the year).
Advertisements
BSG Resources, a company associated with Israeli diamond billionaire Beny Steinmetz, warned Rio Tinto (LON, ASX:RIO) on Monday that it's planning to file a fresh lawsuit against the firm on its alleged contribution to the loss of BSGR's mining rights in Simandou, Guinea.
In the letter, the company's lawyers say that unless Rio Tinto has a satisfactory response to the detailed allegations set out in the document, BSGR will sue Rio Tinto in the English High Court to recover its losses, which run to several billions of dollars.
The move comes in response to the recently unveiled e-mails sent by Rio's executives in May 2011 and a related dubious payment made to external consultant Francois de Combret, which has triggered several probes as well as a management shakeup.
“These new developments are damning evidence against Rio Tinto demonstrating that Rio Tinto had a central role in bringing about BSGR's loss of mining rights in Simandou, Guinea,” the letter says.
Before claims can be issued in England, parties are required to set out their intended positions by way of pre-action correspondence. With the document sent today, BSGR has taken this first step in what it can be a long-dragged fresh dispute over Simandou, the world's biggest untapped iron-ore deposit.
Chequered history
Rio Tinto had the licence for the entire Simandou deposit since the early 1990s, but was stripped of the northern blocks of it in 2008.
BSGR acquired such concession later that year after spending $160 million exploring the property. But in 2010, it sold 51% of its holdings to Vale (NYSE:VALE) for $2.5 billion. The Rio de Janeiro-based company stopped paying after the first $500 million after missing a number of development milestones. Then, the new Guinean government under Alpha Conde launched a review of all mining contracts awarded under previous regimes and launched an investigation into the Vale-BSGR joint venture.
Shortly after authorities withdrew their mining permit and accused BSGR of obtaining its rights through corruption. BSGR has denied wrongdoing and filed an arbitration request in an attempt to win compensation from the Western African nation
BSGR claims Rio Tinto contributed to the loss of its mining rights in Simandou.
In 2014, Rio filed a lawsuit against Vale (NYSE:VALE) and BSG Resources over an alleged conspiracy between the two competitors to steal its rights over the project. Rio alleged BSGR paid a $200 million bribe to Guinea's former minister using funds from Vale's initial payment.
The US district court threw out the case in November 2015, saying Rio "had waited too long to file the lawsuit" under the Racketeer Influence and Corrupt Organizations Act, which calls for a four year time limit.
Simandou, with over two billion tonnes of reserves and some of the highest grades in the industry (66% – 68% Fe which attracts premium pricing), one of the most easily exploitable iron ore fields outside of Australia's Pilbara region and Brazil.
At full production, the concession would export up to 100 million tonnes per year – that's a third of Rio's total capacity at the moment – and would catapult Rio past Vale as world number one iron ore miner. Simandou would by itself be the world's fifth-largest producer behind Australia's Fortescue Metals and BHP Billiton.
After recently updating their SNS with a post thanking fans and assuring that the members are doing well, it has been revealed that B.A.P has opened up a fancafe in order to communicate with their fans during the ongoing lawsuit with their agency, TS Entertainment.
Members Daehyun and Youngjae updated their Twitter profiles with a link to the new fancafe created just for their fans.
In the very first message on the cafe from Daehyun, they wrote:
“To all BABY, whom I miss,
I wanted to be with you all even just a little bit, so I'm communicating in this way.
Even if it's not often, I will show you a better image, little by little.
Not only me, but all of our members are going to stay together, so please continue to show us a lot of love in the future.
Have a good end of the year, and dress warm so you don't catch a cold, and make sure to eat well.
BABYs, for whom I'm always thankful, I love you.”
Member Youngjae wrote another message telling fans to take care of themselves: “Make sure to eat well. Don't worry about us too much. Have a happy new year. Stay healthy. Let's meet again soon. I love you. Sleep well.”
Daehyun also communicated through a fan chat, “There's not really a way to talk to you all and it's not easy to share news, so I made a cafe. Not only me, but the rest of the members are planning to communicate here. Even if it's not often, I want to update everyone who is waiting for us. I really miss everyone and thank you for waiting. We really, really miss you. I'm sorry that this (fancafe) is all we can do for you at the moment, when we should be repaying you on the stage. Before we are able to promote officially again, we will not only be doing this, but we are also thinking of greeting you through an unofficial [meeting]. Although we're not sure exactly what that will be. During times like this, we all have to smile and be happy, alright? From now on, let's see each other often on here. On behalf of B.A.P, we really, really miss you and we love you so, so much. We really want to thank all the BABYs who have been waiting for us. Thank you.”
CHENNAI: Holding pujas, displaying religious portraits or idols and celebrating religious festivals inside government offices, is illegal and has been banned in Tamil Nadu since 1968.
Citing the first ban order dated April 29, 1968, and reinforced by several orders and circulars thereafter, a public interest writ petition has been filed in the Madras high court seeking to ban the 'menace' in government offices.
A division bench of Justice D Hariparanthaman and Justice GM Akbar Ali has issued notice to the government.
In their PIL, Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam (PDK) president T S Mani contended that the order directing government authorities to remove all religious symbols and idols was issued first on April 29, 1968.
In December 1993, the government amended the Tamil Nadu Government Office Manual and stated that heads of departments and district collectors must ensure that no construction of any new structure for religious worship or prayer was made within office campus.
In August 1994, they said, the chief secretary wrote to all secretaries stating that if any religious worship or prayer was held within office campus, appropriate action would be taken under Rule 14(a) of the Tamil Nadu Government Servants Conduct Rules 1973.
Mani further said that in January 1997, the public secretary again directed all heads of departments and district collectors to ensure that no religious functions of any nature were conducted on government office premises.
Again, in May 2005, the director-general of police issued an order prohibiting religious activities inside any police office complex or residential quarters.
In spite of all these orders, directions and circulars, no action had been taken to stop pujas, especially Ayudha Puja, in government offices, Mani said, adding that subordinate officials collect donations in the name of pujas. "Police stations collect money and invite purohits. They even garland and put religious marks on guns, revolvers and other weapons," the PIL said.
They also pointed out that on March 17, 2010, the Madras high court had directed the government to implement its orders banning such activities. Though circulars are sent, authorities do not take any action to stop religious activities on government office campuses, Mani complained.
Landscape showing Alamo impact breccia (arrow) near Hancock Summit, Pahranagat Range , Nevada.
The Alamo bolide impact occurred 367 million years ago, when one or more hypervelocity objects from space slammed into shallow marine waters at a site that is now the Devonian Guilmette Formation of the Worthington Mountains and Schell Creek Range of southeastern Nevada; the event is named for breccias of metamorphosed crushed rock deposits, found as far as the town of Alamo, Nevada (the "Alamo Breccia"). This catastrophic impact event resulted in what is one of the best-exposed and has become the most accurately dated impact events; it occurred within the Frasnian age of the Devonian at about 367 Ma, a moment in time that was about 3.5 Ma prior to the Frasnian/Famennian extinction events, which it is unlikely to have affected.
Alamo impact breccia near Hancock Summit, Pahranagat Range, Nevada.
The actual impact site has not yet been significantly documented—even its precise diameter and its internal structural features are not yet clear enough to make speculations on the mass and trajectory genuinely useful. The "tectonic overprint", the subsequent geologic modifications since the event, have distorted the picture; the distribution of the breccia has been compressed and skewed by west-to-east thrust faults across the area. Insufficient detail does not permit a precise reconstruction of the Devonian paleogeography, beyond the fact that it was a "wet-target" impact in a reef front where carbonates were being built up in marine shallows.
The impact site contains megabreccia of gigantic displaced blocks, together with several attributes familiar from other impact sites: shocked quartz, elevated iridium levels, and spherical lapilli. John E. Warme, one of the geologists who first recognized the geologic anomalies as the results of a bolide, estimates that the total volume of limestone reef deposits and bedrock that was smashed, deformed, partially melted or shifted during the Alamo event at 1,000 cubic kilometers.[1] "Ensuing tsunamis rearranged much of the debris" they add.
After initial resistance from the Geological Society of America, the first paper published concerning the Alamo Breccia was co-authored by John Warme, Brian Ackman, Yarmanto, and Alan Chamberlain in the 1993 Nevada Petroleum Society Field Conference Guidebook.
Distorted limestones from the Alamo impact in the Irish Range, Nevada.
Close-up of Alamo impact breccia near Hancock Summit, Pahranagat Range, Nevada.
Alamo impact breccia near Hancock Summit, Pahranagat Range, Nevada.
Top of the Alamo impact breccia near Hancock Summit, Pahranagat Range, Nevada.
Calcitic spherules ("spherical lapilli") from the Alamo bolide impact deposits in the Irish Range, Nevada. Scale bar is 5.0 mm.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Drummond Co., Colombia's No.2 coal producer, will be able to continue exporting the mineral even as it's set to miss a Jan 1 deadline to convert its current export terminals to direct loading operations, and so avoid spills.
The country's environmental authority fined the US coal giant for $3.5 million yesterday for having dumped more than 2,000 tons of coal in the Caribbean Sea near the city of Santa Marta. But it also decided to give Drummond an extension, while charging daily fines, Environment Minister Luz Sarmiento said in a statement (in Spanish).
Sarmiento warned the extension will be short, but did not disclose when the Alabama-based company will have to comply before its exports are halted.
The extension “can't be a very extensive period,” Sarmiento said in audio comments published on the ministry's website (Spanish language). “We will not allow companies to skip regulation and what has been ordered.”
Drummond initially tried to cover up the massive coal dump, but was photographed by a local environmental activist and journalist. According to the company, it was “forced” to dump the coal as the ship carrying the load was sinking.
Industry to authorities: “Take it easy”
Industry experts are saying Colombia, the world's fourth largest coal exporter, needs to avoid more troubles to the shipments of its key commodity. This considering that the sector's production is now expected reach only about 85 million metric tons, quite less than the government's most recent production target of 94 million tons for the year.
Coal shipments account for 12% of the Colombia's total exports, placing them second to oil, which makes up 40% of all exports. Exports of the commodity now outpace the South American country's better-known products, such as coffee and bananas.
Some of the world's top mining companies have operations in Colombia, including Anglo American (LON: AAL) and BHP Billiton (ASX: BHP), which jointly own Cerrejón, the country's largest coal producer.
With almost 90 million tonnes of coal generated in 2012, Colombia is South America's No. 1 coal producer, according to data from the World Coal Association.
The country's estimated reserves are predicted to last for at least another century. However, the sector faces major uncertainties that have left millions in losses and affected negatively the forecasted output for the year.
Note: This column is the first in a monthly series called DIGinto New Brunswick. The Hub City has a rich and diverse culinary scene, its menus constantly changing. I'll be doing the leg work at your favorite spots and some hidden gems, sampling various dishes at one New Brunswick restaurant every month and reporting back on which food is worth your taste buds' time. So sit back, relax, pour a glass of wine, and DIGinto New Brunswick.
NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ — There is a moment in an individual's life—a mid-life crisis, if you will—when one stops to contemplate whether it's time for a reinvention. After 25 years as one of New Jersey's premier restaurants, New Brunswick's Stage Left faced a similar dilemma.
Nestled in the heart of the Hub City's vibrant theater district, across from Monument Square and The Heldrich, Stage Left and its owners Francis Schott and Mark Pascal (also known as The Restaurant Guys) are surrounded by change. Their neighbors, the George Street Playhouse and the Crossroads Theatre, are preparing for demolition, making way for the long-awaited New Brunswick Performing Arts Center. The 22-story tower will house the two theater companies, Rutgers University's Mason Gross, and many other performers, in a testament to the city's long relationship with the arts. But it also means a long demolition and construction process—right on Stage Left's doorstep.
Sign Up for E-News
So now seemed a perfect time for the restaurant to shake things up. To Schott and Pascal, Stage Left had begun to feel stagnant. After months of renovations and menu alterations, they introduced Stage Left Steak and ushered in a new era of fine dining on the restaurant's 25th anniversary. And what a reawakening it was.
Credit: Devin Healey
The updated interior is brighter and more open than before, with breathtaking art pieces hanging on the walls—all of which are available for purchase—and intimate tables both inside and out. The menu at Stage Left Steak is the epitome of everything fun and exciting happening with the food industry. A combination of small plates, creative spins, and classic steak and meat cuts, the new menu is sure to please any discerning carnivore. And don't worry, the famous Stage Left Burger, as well as many familiar plates, like the decadent Ricotta Gnocchi, didn't go anywhere.
The Meal
Seated at a comfy corner table with plenty of room to take #foodporn pics, fellow TAPinto writer Jack Murtha and I had a hard time deciding on which plates to sample, so we perused the extensive wine list (shared by sister restaurant Catherine Lombardi) and decided on a smooth 2007 Macchiona Barbera Bonarda La Stoppa that would pair well with pretty much anything on the menu. Our waiter approved. Plus, you simply can't go wrong with a Northern Italian varietal.
After much deliberation and a little input from our gracious host, Schott, we decided to share three appetizers and one massive cut of meat. We started with the Escargot with bone marrow, garlic, and brioche, Ibérico de Bellota Ribs with jalapeño cheddar cornbread, and sort of deconstructed pork roll (not Taylor Ham), egg, and cheese with “Stage Left Pork Roll,” whatever that may be.
Credit: Devin Healey
I'll be honest: It was tough to pass up the Seared Foie Gras with Texas toast and strawberries, but life is filled with little concessions. With Francis' suggestion, we opted to split the Double English-Cut Lamb Chops with mint jelly, which, to our surprise (and delight), also came with a Himalayan hot salt block “fat tasting,” to sear in the flavor of various fats. The pinnacle of decadence.
You may be wondering: You went to a steakhouse and didn't order steak? Stage Left Steak has it covered. It's their namesake. You will not be let down by any cut of steak on the menu. Order any filet or strip with complete confidence, and it will be cooked to juicy, bloody perfection...but please don't order it well-done with ketchup. Besides, I was here for the new and interesting.
The first thing we noticed about the escargot was that it did not come in a typical ceramic escargot plate, but instead in a small ramekin. This was the first time either of us had ever seen escargot presented this way, and it definitely made a difference.
Credit: Jack Murtha
When served in the traditional plate, the snails are searing hot and drenched in butter and garlic. Stage Left's presentation preserved so much more of the subtle, salty flavor, and the bone marrow added a slight nuttiness that made every forkful a unique experience. The brioche, at the bottom of the ramekin, was a welcome, buttery surprise after we demolished every single bite.
Before heading over for dinner, we grabbed a drink at nearby INC Restaurant and asked general manager Danny McGill if they had any suggestions from the new menu. Without hesitation, they suggested the Pork Roll, Egg, and Cheese.
Credit: Devin Healey
As lifetime New Jersey residents, we couldn't pass up Stage Left Steak's take on everyone's favorite hungover breakfast order. The PEC also came in a ramekin, with a thick(er than a bowl of oatmeal) slice of pork roll, sharp, melty cheese, and what appeared to be a biscuit. Every bite required all three components and I would not doubt order this PEC on any hazy, dehydrated Sunday morning.
And now to the real meat of the matter. The weekend before this dinner I was in Wildwood, at the New Jersey State Barbecue Championship, where I sampled the best pork ribs in the state, from Butch's Smack Your Lips BBQ. Stage Left's Ibérico de bellota ribs, made from the same pata negra (black-footed) pigs used to make jamón Ibérico, arguably the best ham in the world, could have and should have been pitted against the state champs.
Credit: Devin Healey
From protected oak forests in Spain, the meat is one of a kind and produced some of the most tender, fall-off-the-bone ribs we had ever eaten. Served with a generous portion of jalapeño cheddar cornbread, a side of Stage Left Steak's homemade barbecue sauce, and pickled red onions for crunch and acidity, the ribs were so perfectly succulent, we could have easily polished off a full rack and called it a day. I will put it as straightforward as I can: Do not come to Stage Left Steak without ordering the Ibérico de bellota ribs.
Finally, we were presented with a hulking testament to obscene decadence. The double English-cut lamb chops were as thick as our arms and the size and shape of a boomerang. Our waiter brought out an equally opulent fat tasting and Himalayan hot salt block to pair with the chops. Used to sear additional fat into any cut of meat on the menu, the tasting included lamb marrow fat, duck fat, and fat from the same jamón Ibérico in our ribs. As with the ribs, the Jamón fat was our favorite and seared in a terrific nuttiness.
Credit: Devin Healey
The lamb chops themselves were really two different experiences and included both extremely fatty lamb belly and a tenderloin closer to the center bone. Unfortunately, while quite a culinary experience (especially paired with the fat tasting and a few crispy onion rings), the lamb was our least favorite dish of the night. While the loin was perfectly rare and very flavorful, the belly portion was extremely fatty, almost gamy, and difficult to eat. The mint jelly, made in house, was a great accompaniment and helped to cut through the intense fatty flavors.
Credit: Jack Murtha
The sheer opulent, almost sinful nature of ordering this cut for two people almost made us feel guilty. That being said, it's still a delicious and a fun experience for a larger party.
The Verdict
The meal as a whole was so thoughtful and well-constructed that the fact the lamb chops were not one of our favorite samplings is not a knock on the menu or the experience. Quite the opposite, as the service, attentiveness, knowledge of the waiters and sommelier, and welcoming nature of Schott and their staff made our dining experience extremely memorable. Executive Chef JR Belt and Chef de Cuisine Ricky Stevens did not disappoint.
But the point of this article is to tell you which dish you should dig into. It wasn't easy for us to choose between the escargot, pork roll, egg, and cheese, and Ibérico de bellota ribs. But the ribs were so flavorful, so reminiscent of a plate of thinly sliced jamón Ibérico, that they prevailed as the must-order. Not to mention the cornbread, a personal favorite of mine.
Stage Left may have been an acclaimed New Brunswick staple for 25 years, but from the look of it, Stage Left Steak is already blazing its own trail and looks to have another 25 years ahead of it. Watch your back Steakhouse 85; Stage Left Steak just threw down the gauntlet.
Devin Healey knows food and drink. Their newest column for TAPinto New Brunswick is called DIGinto New Brunswick. They also run a blog network called CougEats. You can find more of their work on Facebook and Instagram.
West Midlands Police are appealing to the public to help track down three “Asian” men who racially abused and violently assaulted a 34-year-old woman and their male companion in an anti-white race hate attack last December.
The Coventry Telegraph reports that the woman, who was wearing a short dress and thigh-high boots, was racially abused by three men of apparently South Asian extraction after a night out at the Coventry Skydome on 11 December, 2016.
When they tried to stand up to their abusers, they were struck so hard in the face that their nose and cheekbone were shattered.
CCTV footage, which the police have been slow to release, shows the woman stumbling into view clutching their broken nose, followed by a white male presumed to their boyfriend, staggering backwards from a forceful shove.
The boyfriend interposes themselves between the woman and the most aggressive of the attackers, who is backed up by two more significantly larger men.
They do not offer the three attackers any physical resistance, but the lead male throws two at their head, causing them to strike back with a right hook that sends the attacker reeling.
The rest of the gang immediately piles in but, fortunately, security guards arrive on the scene before the situation can degenerate further.
“We have released CCTV and are appealing for information following an assault at Coventry Skydome on 11 December 2016,” confirmed a spokesperson for West Midlands Police.
“A 34-year-old woman was walking home from a night out with their partner when a group of three men shouted a racist comment at them
“When they tried to confront them they were assaulted and sustained fractures to their nose and cheekbone.
“Anyone with information about the attack is asked to contact PC Chris Parry on c.parry@west-midlands.pnn.police.uk.
“If you don't want to speak directly to the police you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote crime number 20CV/244814U/16.”
Image copyright AFP Image caption Gillard opposes a policy their party now supports
Australia's ruling Labor party has backed gay marriage, although Prime Minister Julia Gillard is against it.
The party's national conference also endorsed Ms Gillard's amendment to allow a free vote on any bill aiming to legalise same-sex marriage.
With Labor holding a thin majority over the opposition Liberals, who oppose same-sex marriage, it is unlikely such a bill would succeed.
Australia currently bans gay marriage alhough some states allow civil unions.
The Labor party vote came after an emotional debate from both sides of the issue.
The decision to change the party platform to support same-sex marriage has been hailed as a victory by gay rights campaigners.
"Never doubt how persistent the campaign for equality is," said Finance Minister Penny Wong, who is in a same-sex relationship.
Union leader Joe de Bruyn argued against changing the country's marriage law.
"The definition of marriage as set out in the legislation is that it is the union of one man and one woman, voluntarily entered into for life. It has always been that way since the dawn of humanity," they said.
A private member's bill is expected to be brought before parliament next year.
Ahead of the vote, there were rallies in Sydney, the site of the Labor conference, both for and against gay marriage.
Recent opinion polls indicate a majority of Australians favour allowing such unions.
This is a chart of Random Unusual Weather Phenomena. I'd typically track the weather by rolling for whether the temperature goes up or down from the day before and roll separately if there is precipitation. But on a very unusual roll (maybe 1 in 100) I'd look at one of these two lists:
Phenomena with Potential Game Effects:
Avalanche (not weather, but related): A rapid flow of snow down a slope. It also could be a mudslide or rock-slide. Ball Lightning: It moves slower than normal lighting and can be 8′ in diameter. Blizzard: Not just a heavy snowstorm. An epic once in 10-years storm. Derecho: A straight-line windstorm with a band of strong fast-moving thunderstorms. Diamond Dust: Ground level ice cloud. Dust Devil: Strong whirlwind that is harmless except to creatures in flight. They are a swirling updraft formed in sunny and otherwise calm conditions. Dust Storm (aka Sand Storm): Formed when a gust front picks up dust or sand or other particles in arid and semi-arid regions. Earthquake (not weather, but related): A violent shaking of the ground which can damage buildings or underground areas. It is caused by movements of the earth's crust. Flood: Can be caused by long, continuous rain, a sudden strong storm, ice-melt from up river or a combination of these. Hail: Frozen ice balls that can be as large as a fist or sometimes larger. It is formed in updrafts of strong thunderstorms. Hurricane/Cyclone: Extreme winds and rain over a large area. Katabatic Winds: Strong winds carrying extremely dense air from higher elevations to lower due to gravity. Limnic Eruption (not weather, but related): Formed when gas (usually carbon dioxide) erupts from underground perhaps under a lake and can cause deaths due to lack of oxygen in the area. Meteor Strike (not weather, but related): A large rock falls from space. Non-Aqueous Rain: Rain made of fish, locusts, or other small animals or insect. Tornado: Concentrated rotating winds of 90+ miles per hour. Tsunami: A tidal wave caused by an underwater earthquake. Volcanic Eruption (not weather, but related): A volcanic eruption can be sudden or with days warning. Lava and clouds of soot are concerns. Wildfire (not weather, but related): A large fire rages a dry area.
Phenomena that Simply Looks Unusual:
Aurora Borealis/Australis: Charged particles from the sun become excited when they reach the upper atmosphere near the poles usually near equinoxes. Colored Moon: Due to smoke, dust or eclipses, the moon can appear to change color. Eclipse (Solar): The moon blocks part of the sun in a solar eclipse. Eclipse (Lunar): The earth shadow blocks part of the moon in a lunar eclipse. Fire Rainbow: Occurs only when the sun is high and its light can penetrate high-altitude cirrus clouds. Halos: A rainbow around the sun caused by the refraction of ice crystals in the upper atmosphere. Lenticular Clouds: Saucer shaped clouds formed when moist stable air flows over a mountain; large standing waves form on the downwind side; and the crest of the wave drops to the dew point. Mammatus Clouds: Network of cloud pouches under the base of a cloud Mirage: Refracted light from objects or the sky on a hot surface. Moonbow: Reflection of the moon's light when it is full and low. Noctilucent Clouds: Very high clouds that reflect the sun's light after it has set. St. Elmo's Fire: Luminous plasma created from an electrical discharge around a pointed object. Occurs occasionally on ship's masts during thunderstorms or volcanic eruptions. Sun Dog: Bright lights in the sky 22-degrees to the sides of the sun caused by refraction of light by hexagonal ice crystals. Novaya Zemlya Effect: Polar mirage caused by refraction of light through layers of atmosphere. It makes the sun appear to rise early and look rectangular or hourglass-like in shape.
What am I missing? Post a comment with anything else that will fit the list.
I don't think I've ever known a more ridiculous holiday than Thanksgiving in my life either in my country of origin or in the US and Canada (or any countries that I know off).
The American (and Canadian) people sit down at a table with their families to gives thanks for something which is more like a fantasy while stuffing the corpse of a turkey's behind (and I am being polite). Millions of these poor animals are killed all year long but particularly on this holiday and for most clueless Americans, this symbolizes some form of sick psychosis un-related with the original Thanksgiving.
The most ridiculous part of this sick holiday is probably the “pardon of the turkey” by the president. And what exactly are turkeys guilty of? Wanting to live? I wander if Dennis Kucinich (who was the only vegan in Congress), had they become president, would have refused to participate in this grotesque insult or took it as an opportunity to deliver a message of compassion for the fate of these animals. We will never know because, unfortunately, they were not chosen to run against the Republicans.
But let's not also forget that it is a total insult to the first people of the Americas: Native Americans & First Nations (as they are called in Canada) who were brutally slaughtered, pillaged, raped as soon as the first white people showed up on the continent they lived on. If the pilgrims were around today, they would be called Jihadists!
So, I want to be thankful for only one thing: the fact that more and more people are aware of the cruel irony of this holiday for both the animals and the people who were massacred.
But I wish one thing: either someone renames this holiday “Honor Native Americans Day (and the turkeys)” or that this ridiculous gluttony be finally abolished as something that should never have been celebrated in the first place.
If you still decide to “celebrate” this lie, please do it the Vegan way and join many vegans in North America who chose to eat WITH the turkeys and not the turkeys themselves and give thanks for being Vegans.
Photos: Courtesy of http://www.Pixabay.com
© Copyright VeganEmpowerment/Véronique Perrot – Nov 2014 – All Rights Reserved. No republishing allowed without permission – Sharing is encouraged!
Advertisements
Ten thousand stars bedazzle the eye on a dark night. Wait, how many stars in the sky?
Go out on a dark night and you'd swear there are thousands of stars in the sky. Too many to count. 10,000 at least. But why guess when someone has already done the counting for you? Astronomer Dorrit Hoffleit of Yale University, well known for their work with variable stars, compiled the Yale Bright Star Catalog decades ago. It tabulates every star visible from Earth to magnitude 6.5, the naked eye limit for most humanity.
You might be in for a surprise when you read it, though. To answer the question, "How many stars in the sky?" The total comes to 9,096 stars visible across the entire sky. Both hemispheres. Since we can only see half the celestial sphere at any moment, we necessarily divide that number by two to arrive at 4,548 stars (give or take depending on the season). And that's from the darkest sky you can imagine. I don't know about you, but that number seems paltry to one's impression of an inky night in the backcountry.
At the poles, where the north and south polestars are pinned to the zenith and no stars rise or set, the same ~4,500 stars are visible every single clear night of the year. At northern mid-latitudes, the pole star is halfway up in the northern sky, allowing us to peer deeper into the southern realms of the celestial sphere. During the course of a year from latitude 45° north, we see roughly half again as many stars as we do at a particular time on a given evening. That tallies up to approximately 6,800 stars. Still pretty lean, but apparently enough to convey the impression of an intensely starry sky.
Astronomers use the magnitude scale to measure star and planet brightness. Each magnitude is 2.5 times brighter than the one below it. Altair, in Aquila the Eagle, shines at about magnitude +1 which is 2.5 times brighter than a 2nd magnitude star, which is 2.5 times brighter than a 3rd magnitude star, and so on.
A first magnitude star is 2.5 x 2.5 x 2.5 x 2.5 x 2.5 (about 100) times brighter than a 6th magnitude star.
The bigger the magnitude number, the fainter the star. If an object is really bright, it's assigned a negative magnitude. Sirius, the brightest star sparkles at magnitude –1.4, Jupiter at –2.5, and Venus tops the planets at –4.4. The Full Moon reaches a magnificent –12.7, bested only by the Sun at –26.7.
While the total number of naked eye stars may seem unimpressive, consider what happens to the sky in and around cities, where most of us live. From the suburbs, the magnitude limit is around +4 for a worldwide total of about 900 stars or half that for your location. If we set the city limit at magnitude +2 (stars similar to the Big Dipper in brightness) we're left with just 70 stars worldwide, or 35 stars visible from say, downtown Chicago or Boston.
No wonder city dwellers are stunned by the night sky when they take their first trip to the country. Stars barely exist for those trapped beneath an ever-present dome of light pollution.
Numbers increase exponentially if we go in the opposite direction as there are far more faint stars than bright. The standard limit for a pair of 50-mm binoculars is 9th magnitude, opening up a vista of some 217,000 stars across the heavens. Impressed? A 3-inch telescope pulls in a treasure-worthy 5.3 million, enough for several lifetimes of viewing pleasure. Dare I go further?
On the very best nights, I can reach 16th magnitude with my 15-inch telescope, or 380 million stars. Well, only half that really, but who's counting?
How many stars in the sky can you see with binoculars? Use Gary Seronik's Binocular Highlights to help you find out!
Hillary Clinton. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
Hillary Clinton had a chance to put to rest swirling questions about their paid speeches to groups like Goldman Sachs during Thursday night's debate in New Hampshire. They didn't take it.
Here's the exchange between Clinton and moderator Chuck Todd.
TODD: Are you willing to release the transcripts of all your paid speeches? We do know through reporting that there were transcription services for all of those paid speeches. In full disclosure, would you release all of them? CLINTON: I will look into it. I don't know the status, but I will certainly look into it. But, I can only repeat what is the fact that I spoke to a lot of different groups with a lot of different constituents, a lot of different kinds of members about issues that had to do with world affairs. I probably described more times than I can remember how stressful it was advising the president about going after Bin Laden.
"I will look into it" means, of course, no way in hell. But, why was that Clinton's response?
There's the possibility — though I think it's very remote — that Clinton simply wasn't expecting the question and didn't want to commit to anything in the moment. I say I think that's unlikely because Clinton is a) always very, very well prepared for debates and b) Bernie Sanders has been hitting Clinton on their paid speech to Goldman Sachs for much of the last two weeks of the campaign.
Assuming Clinton wasn't simply taken by surprise by Todd's question, then they and their team had, at some point in the not-too-distant past, made the decision to not release the speeches.
There will be a tendency — particularly among Republicans — to assume Clinton's unwillingness to release their speech transcripts is evidence that they were up to no good in these addresses, conveying some sort of secret information that they shouldn't have been conveying.
I struggle to imagine that someone as savvy and political — and politically savvy — as Clinton would do anything even close to what some Republicans are imagining. She's just too smart for that — and too cautious.
I generally take Clinton at their word when they describe what the nature of their speeches were: Recounting high profile events and their role in them. "I probably described more times than I can remember how stressful it was advising the president about going after Bin Laden," they told Chuck on Thursday night.
That makes perfect sense to me; if you are paying several hundred thousand dollars to hear someone like Clinton speak, what you generally want to hear is what it was like to be them in a variety of big/important moments. These speeches, I bet, are largely just a string of anecdotes by Clinton.
Why not release them then — since they would likely reaffirm Clinton's argument in the race that they have been there and done that at the highest level of national and international diplomacy? My guess is that in the speeches, Clinton likely acknowledges their various friends and acquaintances at Goldman Sachs (and other Wall Street firms) and praises them for the work they are doing.
Yes, it's standard small talk. But it could look really, really bad in the context of the current campaign. Imagine a transcript of Clinton speaking to some big bank or investment firm where they thank a litany of people she's "been friends with forever" and then praises the broader enterprise for "all you do."
In the hands of Sanders and their campaign team/supporters, that sort of thing could wind up being very problematic to Clinton's attempts — already somewhat clumsy — to cast themselves as a true progressive fighter for the 99 percent against the 1 percent. It might even prove deadly to those attempts.
So, no speech transcripts. Not today and my guess is not ever.
Let's play a game. One of the quotes below belongs to a trained soldier speaking of killing the enemy, while the other to a convicted felon describing their first murder. Can you tell the difference?
(1) ‘I realised that I had just done something that separated me from the human race and it was something that could never be undone. I realised that from that point on I could never be like normal people.' (2) ‘I was cool, calm and collected the whole time. I knew what I had to do. I knew I was going to do it, and I did.'
Would you be surprised to learn that the first statement, suggesting remorse, comes from the American mass murderer David Alan Gore, while the second, of cool acceptance, was made by Andy Wilson, a soldier in the SAS, Britain's elite special forces? In one view, the two men are separated by the thinnest filament of morality: justification. One killed because they wanted to, the other because they were acting on behalf of their country, as part of their job.
While most psychologically normal individuals agree that inflicting pain on others is wrong, killing others appears Dexter (2006-13) flirted exquisitely with the concept: a sociopath who kills villainous people as a vehicle for satisfying their own dark urges. While most psychologically normal individuals agree that inflicting pain on others is wrong, killing others appears socially sanctioned in specific contexts such as war or self-defence. Or revenge. Or military dictatorships. Or human sacrifice. In fact, justification for murder is so pliant that the TV seriesDexter(2006-13) flirted exquisitely with the concept: a sociopath who kills villainous people as a vehicle for satisfying their own dark urges.
Operating under strict ‘guidelines' that target only the guilty, Dexter (a forensics technician) and the viewer come to believe that the kill is justified. They force the audience to question their own moral compass by asking them to justify murder in their minds in the split second prior to the kill. Usually when we imagine directly harming someone, the image is preventive: envision a man hitting a woman; or an owner abusing their dog. Yet, sometimes, the opposite happens: a switch is flipped with aggressive, even violent consequences. How can an otherwise normal person override the moral code and commit cold-blooded murder?
That was the question asked at the University of Queensland in Australia, in a That was the question asked at the University of Queensland in Australia, in a study led by the neuroscientist Pascal Molenberghs, in which participants entered an fMRI scanner while viewing a first-person video game. In one scenario, a soldier kills an enemy soldier; in another, the soldier kills a civilian. The game enabled each participant to privately enter the mind of the soldier and control which person to execute.
Screenshot of what each participant saw
The results were, overall, surprising. It made sense that a mental simulation of killing an innocent person (unjustified kill) led to overwhelming feelings of guilt and subsequent activation of the lateral orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), an area of the brain involved in aversive, morally sensitive situations. By contrast, researchers predicted that viewing a soldier killing a soldier would create activity in another region of the brain, the medial OFC, which assesses thorny ethical situations and assigns them positive feelings such as praise and pride: ‘This makes me feel good, I should keep doing it.'
But that is not what occurred: the medial OFC did not light up when participants imagined themselves as soldiers killing the enemy. In fact, none of the OFC did. One explanation for this puzzling finding is that the OFC's reasoning ability isn't needed in this scenario because the action is not ethically compromising. That is to say – it is seen as justified. Which brings us to a chilling conclusion: if killing feels justified, anyone is capable of committing the act.
Playing video games akin to military training
Since the Korean War, the military has altered basic training to help soldiers overcome existing norms of violence, desensitise them to the acts they might have to commit, and reflexively shoot upon cue. Even the drill sergeant is portrayed as the consummate professional personifying violence and aggression.
The same training takes place unconsciously through contemporary video games and media. Young children have unprecedented access to violent movies, games and sports events at an early age, and learning brutality is the norm. The media dwells upon real-life killers, describing every detail of their crime during prime-time TV. The current conditions easily set up children to begin thinking like soldiers and even justify killing. But are we in fact suppressing critical functions of the brain? Are we engendering future generations who will accept violence and ignore the voice of reason, creating a world where violence will become the comfortable norm?
The Queensland study had something to say about this as well. When participants were viewing unjustified killings, researchers noticed increased connectivity between the OFC and an area called the temporal parietal junction (TPJ), a part of the brain that has previously been associated with empathy. They show that disrupting function of the TPJ transforms participants into psychopaths, judging any action as morally permissible and making the TPJ a critical region for empathy. Increased connectivity between the two regions suggests that the participants were actively putting themselves in the shoes of the observer, judging whether killing civilians was morally acceptable or not.
Greater tolerance to violence
‘Emotional and physical distance can allow a person to kill their foe,' says Lt Colonel Dave Grossman, director of the Killology Research Group in Illinois and one of the world's foremost experts in human aggression and the roots of violence. ‘Emotional distance can be classified as mechanical, social, cultural and emotional distance.' In other words, a lack of connection to humans allows a justified murder. The writer Primo Levi, a Holocaust survivor, believed that this was exactly how the Nazis succeeded in killing so many: by stripping away individuality and reducing each person to a generic number.
In 2016, technology and media have turned genocide viral. The video game Mortal Kombat X features spines being snapped, heads crushed and players being diced into cubes. In Hatred, gamers play as a sociopath who attempts to kill innocent bystanders and police officers with guns, flamethrowers and bombs to satisfy their hatred of humanity. Characters beg for mercy before execution, frequently during profanity-laced rants.
A plethora of A plethora of studies now associate playing such games with greater tolerance of violence, reduced empathy, aggression and sexual objectification. Compared with males who have not played violent video games, males who do play them are 67 per cent more likely to engage in non-violent deviant behaviour, 63 per cent more likely to commit a violent crime or a crime related to violence, and 81 per cent more likely to have engaged in substance use. Other studies have found that engaging in cyberviolence leads people to perceive themselves as less human, and facilitates violence and aggression.
This powerful knowledge could be used to turn violence on its head. Brain-training programs could use current neuroscientific knowledge to serve up exhilarating games to train inhibition, instead of promoting anger. Creating games with the capability to alter thought patterns is itself ethically questionable and could be easily implemented to control a large population. But we've already gone down that road, and in the direction of violence. With today's generation so highly dependent on technology, phasing in games from an early age that encourage tolerance could be a potent tool for building a more humane, more compassionate world.
Argentina's female president has greenlit a new measure stating that welfare payments will be issued to mothers — instead of fathers — in light of so many families in the country getting abandoned by their patriarchs, The Associated Press reported.
"We have many complaints by women who are abandoned by their husbands, but the guys keep on collecting payments," said President Cristina Fernandez. "So we want the mother to always get the money, except in cases where courts give legal custody to the father. This is fair."
Called it a victory for the Argentine housewives union, President Cristina Fernandez's measure not only addresses the woes of abandoned wives, but also the financial problems caused by irresponsible fathers.
"It's a desperate situation because the father of my kids sold even their bed," said mother Nerone, 46. They share one room with their children: Sebastian, 6, Malena, 9, Candela, 10, and Ailen, 17, who recently had a baby of their own.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"The government assumes that if the father is working then you have an income," they said.
On a monthly basis, unemployed Argentine families get $85 per child and $278 per disabled child. Adults are given 80 percent of the funds directly deposited into a bank account each month. The remaining 20 percent is paid annually to families once they prove their children were vaccinated and attended school that year.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"It's well-known that transferring the resources to women results in a greater empowerment for them inside the household and a better use of resources, including food and clothing for their children," professor of Latin American economics at Tulane University in New Orleans Nora Lustig told the AP.
Sources: Newser, Edmonton Journal
undefined
(All the text its narrated by Big Mac.)I Remember Part 1Its a sad love story about a breaking between Big Mac and Fluttershy. I personally rather Twilight Sparkle to ship or whatever with Big Mac but I think the Brony community its more attracted by a Big Mac X Fluttershy couple and that couple its more legendary in the fandom.The text that is narrated by Big Mac its from a song called Recuerdo by Vico C, its in Spanish and its translated and edited by me, you can listen to the song here: [link] and you can read the comic with the song playing, it has more power when you do that.Woah, I have been working on this Project almost two months!! Well this part of the comic was already done at the end of the first month. The second part of the comic will be posted in one week at least.Its my second project totally drawn with my new Bamboo Tablet. Since I bought the Bamboo, drawing its much easier.Done in Photoshop CS4 in about 30 hours with a CTL-470 Bamboo Tablet.The project its totally drawn by me but I get some ideas for some pony poses from here:My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic is © PART 1: You are here.PART 2: [link] FINALE: [link] Thanks to EQD for the feature!.
Pyotr Velikiy or Peter the Great is usually credited with transforming the Russian Tsardom into a major European power that was labelled as the Russian Empire, circa early 18th century. Concurrently the ‘enlightened' Tsar also led a cultural revolution of sorts that sought to replace the traditionalist social and political systems (some based on medieval ideals) of Russia with more modernized and scientific principles. And as with numerous episodes of history, some of the ‘reforms' took a bizarre turn, with the prime example relating to the beard tax. This ‘special' tax was levied by Tsar Peter I on 5th September, 1698 – thereby simply entailing the direct taxation of facial hair in Russia.
The ‘hair raising' question naturally arises – how did this oddball scope work? Well as New Historian explained, anyone person with a penchant for keeping their beard had to directly pay the government. In fact, after their monetary deposit was made, the related department would actually provide the man with a tiny copper token (pictured below), which simply stated that the said person has fulfilled their beard tax obligation. Interestingly, in line with the ideals of enlightenment, the tax bar was different for various social classes. For example, while a beggar only had to pay two kopecks for keeping their beard, the wealthy nobles had to pay over hundred rubles for their fair share of facial hair.
Suffice it to say, the Russian emperor was not an ardent aficionado of boisterous beards. During one particular incident, when Peter triumphantly returned from their impressionable European tour in 1698, a grand reception was held in their honor. The attendance was marked by eminent guests including their commander of the army and other nobles and diplomats from around the nation. But after passing around and embracing their friends and confidants, Peter produced a pair of scissors and went on to personally shave their beards. The crowd watched in stunned silence as the emperor made their way from one guest to another, while the nobles restrained themselves on account of the Tsar's political stature (possibly complemented by Peter's imposing physical stature, with many accounts mentioning how the emperor rose to a height of 6 ft 8 inches).
Things took such a drastic turn because Peter was possibly influenced by the fashionable trends in Western Europe that often espoused clean-shaven faces. In fact, the Tsar was so intent on their ‘hairless' crusade that initially the Russian police were given orders to forcibly shave those who failed to comply, with the exception of clergy members and peasants. And in late 1698, the beard tax was introduced merely an extension of this bizarre law that sought to make monetary benefits from what Peter viewed as an anachronistic fashion sense. This government sanctioned legislation remained till 1772, 47 years after the Tsar had died.
Unsurprisingly, the beard tax proved to be quite unpopular, especially among the Russian gentry, given their penchant for traditionalist views. More importantly, the Russian Orthodox Church was a massive supporter of facial hair, as exemplified by a particular statement supposedly put forth by none other than Ivan the Terrible (1530-1584) –
Shaving the beard is a sin the blood of all martyrs will not wash away. It would mean blemishing the image of man as God created him.
Lastly and interestingly, there are also numerous claims that yet another monarch (from another realm) beat Peter I when it came to the eccentric scope of a beard tax. We are talking about one Henry VIII, and how they initiated their own brand of beard tax (possibly in 1535 AD), despite boasting a fine mane of facial hair himself. Now as opposed to the Russian scenario, this law was possibly more selective in nature with the amount collected by the monarch reflecting the beard-grower's standing in society – thereby equating facial hair with a status symbol. However it should be noted that Henry VIII's beard law might just be apocryphal, with no known contemporary document from 16th century pointing to the existence of any such peculiar statute.
Via: MentalFloss / NewHistorian / AtlasObscura
33 Shares
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers arrested former Caldwell High teacher Aracely Sauceda, 24, at the Progreso International Bridge on the warrant out of Burleson County.
Officers stopped Sauceda as they were re-entering the United States from Mexico, the agency said in a news release. Sauceda, who is from Santa Rosa, was turned over to the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office.
They had turned themselves in at the Burleson County jail in September on a charge of having an improper relationship with a student after school and county officials found evidence of a relationship with a 16-year-old boy, the Bryan-College Station Eagle reported. They resigned from their position as a Spanish teacher.
"There could be as many as three students involved," the Caldwell ISD superintendent, Andrew Peters, told The Eagle then.
[Added August 27, 2014: GiveWell Labs is now known as the Open Philanthropy Project.]
We've just published an extensive writeup on the cause of U.S. criminal justice reform, which was one of the causes we previously listed as a priority for investigation under GiveWell Labs.
We first became interested in this cause when our initial conversations around promising policy areas (in particular, our extended conversation with Steve Teles) highlighted it as having unusual political tractability. We heard from multiple sources that the combination of the adverse U.S. fiscal situation, low crime rates, and emerging conservative interest in an issue historically supported by progressives may have created a “unique moment” for criminal justice reform with a limited window.
Due to the significant amount of suffering and expense associated with incarceration, we believe there are high humanitarian stakes as well. And in initial conversations about the cause, we identified some approaches that we believe to have relatively little in the way of philanthropic support.
There are other causes that we see as having higher humanitarian stakes than criminal justice reform, and other causes that we see as being more philanthropically “neglected,” but such causes generally don't have the same “window of opportunity” dynamic. So criminal justice reform is a plausible, though not the only plausible, candidate for “outstanding cause to work on.”*
When we started doing deep investigations of new causes, we chose to work on criminal justice reform first, because we had multiple leads already for potential grantees, and it seemed like a cause that we would quickly learn about and make progress on from the standpoint of finding giving opportunities. Since then, we have had many conversations and identified initial grantees that we find quite promising. These grantees' activities include research, technical assistance and advocacy. They are taking what we see as promising approaches to reducing incarceration while preserving or improving public safety (and have substantial room for more funding).
We have paused work on this cause for the time being as we investigate other potential focus areas (more in future posts). However, we think it is quite likely that we will end up declaring criminal justice reform as an ongoing priority for GiveWell Labs.
Much more information at our full writeup:
Our writeup on criminal justice reform
Risqué photographic evidence that cast doubt on Melania Trump's account of immigrating to the United States was based on a faulty report, according to the French photographer who shot the nude pics. Photos taken of Trump in Manhattan in the mid-1990s for the French magazine Max were printed in a February 1997 issue of the magazine, not the January 1996 issue, as the New York Post reported in July, the photographer confirmed to TPM Wednesday.
The dates of the issue and the photoshoot were important, because they were used as evidence that Trump was living and working in the United States as early as 1995, which contradicted their account of when they immigrated to America.
Trump on Wednesday tweeted a letter from New York immigration attorney Michael J. Wildes in which they said that the reports of their working in the United States before they had been granted the proper work visa were “not supported by the facts.” Wildes in the letter claimed that they have reviewed their “relevant immigration paperwork.”
“Because Mrs. Trump did not enter the United States until August 27, 1996, the allegation that they participated in a photo shoot in 1995 is not only untrue, it's impossible,” Wildes said. “In reality, through an interview with Mrs. Trump, we ascertained that the photo shoot in question did not occur until after they were admitted to the United States in H1-B visa status in October 1996.”
In an August report raising questions about Trump's account of how they immigrated into the United States, Politico cited the New York Post story on the Max Magazine photos to point out that if they did the photo shoot in Manhattan in 1995, it contradicted their claims that they came to New York in 1996. That discrepancy was raised again Wednesday with the release of the Trump immigration attorney's letter. (The Politico report also cites a biography by Slovenian journalists as placing Trump in New York in 1995.)
However, the issue of Max Magazine in which Trump's photos appeared had Cindy Crawford on the cover, the Post said. Cindy Crawford appeared on the cover of the February 1997 issue of Max, while the cover of December 1995/January 1996 issue did not feature them While photos published in January 1996 would have almost certainly have been shot in 1995, photos published a year later lend credence to Melania Trump's attorney's account.
Jarl Ale de Basseville, the photographer who shot the Trump photos for Max, told TPM via email that the Post “made a mistake” in saying the photos appeared in the January 1996 issue and confirmed that the photos ran in the February 1997 issue. They could not, however, recall when the photo shoot in question took place, so Wildes' claim that the shoot took place after Trump received their visa in October 1996 could not be independently confirmed.
Wildes did not respond to TPM's request to provide the documents they reviewed to corroborate their account of Trump's immigration history. The author of the New York Post story also did not respond to TPM's request for comment.
Update: A representative for the New York Post responded to TPM's inquiry and said the outlet had corrected the story. “Photographer Alé de Basse­ville told The Post on Wednesday that they misspoke, and the photo session actually took place in 1996 in Manhattan, and appeared in a 1997 issue of the magazine,” the correction said.
“Somehow in the last 100 years, every time there is a problem of getting more spectrum, there is a technology that comes along that solves that problem,” they said in an interview. Mr. Cooper also sits on the technical advisory committee of the Federal Communications Commission, and they previously founded ArrayComm, a company that develops software for mobile antenna technologies, which with they said they are no longer associated.
They explained that for carriers, buying spectrum is the easiest way for them to expand their network, but newer technologies, like improved antennas and techniques for offloading mobile traffic to Wi-Fi networks, could multiply the number of mobile devices that carriers can serve by at least tenfold.
Everyone agrees that data-guzzling smartphones and tablets are selling fast, and the wireless industry needs to keep up. Cisco, the networking company, published a study that shows mobile data usage more than doubled in 2011.
Cellphones are radios and their calls are carried on the electromagnetic radio spectrum just like an FM radio signal or a walkie-talkie. The F.C.C. divides up the spectrum by bands of frequency, under the theory that no one wants signals on certain frequencies interfering with one another.
The F.C.C. hands out licenses for each frequency band to entities like the military, TV stations, astronomy researchers and the phone carriers. Carriers now want some of the spectrum others have and are seeking approval from the F.C.C. to buy it at government auction or by buying licenses for it.
Verizon, the largest carrier in the country, has been on the hunt for more. It has been trying to buy wireless spectrum licenses from a group of cable companies, including Time Warner and Comcast. These transactions are being opposed by T-Mobile USA and some other smaller players in the wireless industry. AT&T's ill-fated deal to buy T-Mobile came about in large part to get more spectrum.
Photo
The F.C.C. believes that a combination of adding new spectrum and using new technologies will be needed to help the wireless industry evolve. “No single action is a silver bullet when it comes to meeting mobile capacity needs,” said Neil Grace, an F.C.C. spokesperson. “More efficient use of spectrum, new technologies, and unleashing new spectrum are all important parts of the mix.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Arguing that the nation could run out of spectrum is like saying it was going to run out of a color, says David P. Reed, one of the original architects of the Internet and a former professor of computer science and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They say electromagnetic spectrum is not finite.
Mr. Reed, who is now senior vice president at SAP Labs, a company that provides business software, explained that there are in fact newer technologies for transmitting and receiving signals so that they do not interfere with one another. That means separating the frequency bands would not be required — in other words, everybody could share spectrum and not run out.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The reason spectrum is treated as though it were finite is because it is still divided by frequencies — an outdated understanding of how radio technology works, they said. “I hate to even use the word ‘spectrum,' ” they said. “It's a 1920s understanding of how radio communications work.”
Why, then, wouldn't carriers want to use these newer technologies that cause frequencies to not interfere? Because licensing spectrum is a zero-sum game. When a company gets the license for a band of radio waves, it has the exclusive rights to use it. Once a company owns it, competitors can't have it.
Mr. Reed said the carriers haven't advocated for the newer technologies because they want to retain their monopolies.
David S. Isenberg, who worked at AT&T Labs Research for 12 years before leaving to start an independent consulting firm, said the carriers have been deliberately slow with adopting more advanced radio technologies. They said that spectrum licenses come with obligations where carriers had to agree to serve the public interest, but those agreements have significantly weakened. “Their primary interest is not necessarily in making spectrum available, or in making wireless performance better,” they said. “They want to make money.”
Mr. Cooper, the inventor of the mobile phone, says that rather than give the carriers a few more slices of spectrum, they suggest requiring them to use newer technologies that amplify their networks.
They said that currently the technology with the most potential for carriers to use their networks more efficiently is the smart antenna. A traditional radio antenna on a cellphone tower spews energy out in all directions, but only a portion of it gets to the right phone, they explained. By contrast, the smart antenna would direct energy straight at the phones, and as a result, current spectrum would be put to more efficient use.
Fourth-generation LTE networks are supposed to adopt smart antennas, but most carriers haven't started installing these yet, they said. These new antennas will also start shipping in phones in the next two years, which would make even better use of the network, they said.
In interviews, representatives of AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint said new technology would not be enough to solve all their problems, and they said they would eventually need access to more of the nation's radio waves. “They're all Band-Aids, and you have to provide additional spectrum to deal with the wound to deal with the large capacity of bandwidth demands,” said Kathleen Ham, vice president for federal regulatory affairs of T-Mobile USA.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Cooper doesn't agree.
“Every two and a half years, every spectrum crisis has gotten solved, and that's going to keep happening,” Mr. Cooper said. “We already know today what the solutions are for the next 50 years.”
An explosion is a physical event, generally destructive, that can be caused by several different circumstances. It can destroy nearby blocks, propel and damage nearby players, entities, and their armor, and cause one or more fires under correct circumstances. Explosions produce a "shockwave" particle effect.
Multiple close explosions may propel objects further, but have no cumulative effect on the destruction of a block. This is because explosions' damage to blocks is evaluated individually (per explosion), and blocks' blast resistance does not become "weakened" per explosion.
"Destroyed" blocks have a chance of dropping as collectible resources (and otherwise disappear), and this chance is 1⁄ p , where p is the explosion power. So, a creeper blast (uncharged) will have a 1⁄ 3 chance of dropping a block.
The propulsion effect of explosions is often used for TNT cannons, and can also be used to shoot out gravity affected blocks.
Explosion strength [ edit ]
Despite being damaging to entities, fireworks do not destroy terrain and as such are not counted as conventional explosions.
Cauldrons perform a non-terrain-damaging explosion when incompatible liquids are mixed.‌[Bedrock, and Legacy Console editions only]
Lab Tables sometimes perform a non-terrain damaging explosion when creating garbage item.‌[Bedrock, and Education editions only]
Effect [ edit ]
Model of block destruction [ edit ]
The rays from the explosion center to points that uniformly distributed on the surface of a cube centered at the explosion with an edge length of 2. (However, this only defines their directions, not their length).
The roughly spherical pattern of blocks destroyed can be seen here.
An explosion can destroy nearby blocks. Its blast effect is evaluated independently on many explosion rays originating from the explosion center, as shown in the right figure.
An explosion must be very powerful (power ~1542860) to destroy a bedrock block.
A cube around the explosion is divided into a 16×16×16 grid, and rays are created from the center to each outer point of this grid, meaning that there are a total of 1352 rays. Each ray is given an intensity, calculated as (0.7 + [a random value from 0 to 0.6]) × [power]. For every 0.3 blocks along the ray, the intensity of the ray decays/is attenuated by 0.3×0.75 (0.225), and the block it passes through absorbs/reduces it by ([blast resistance/5]+0.3)×0.3. The ray destroys all blocks that could not end the ray at any checkpoint.
From the above process, the following results can be deduced (where ⌊ x ⌋ is the floor function):
The blast radius in the air of an explosion (i.e. only attenuated, not absorbed by blocks) = == 10.2 (charged creepers), 6.9 (TNT), 5.1 (creepers), 1.5 (fireballs). For example, a TNT explosion can destroy a torch 7 blocks away. However, how many blocks an explosion can destroy is non-deterministic and also dependent on the specific location of the explosion.
of an explosion (i.e. only attenuated, not absorbed by blocks) = == 10.2 (charged creepers), 6.9 (TNT), 5.1 (creepers), 1.5 (fireballs). For example, a TNT explosion can destroy a torch 7 blocks away. However, how many blocks an explosion can destroy is non-deterministic and also dependent on the specific location of the explosion. The minimum block resistance required to absorb maximum blast force of an explosion happening in nearby air = ((1.3 × power − attenuation steps × step length × 0.75)/ step length − 0.3) × 5. To not be destroyed, a block has to absorb all blast force at the first checkpoint in it. The attenuation steps are subject to collision restrictions. For explosion in air, there is at least one attenuation step. TNT and creeper explosions are always 0.49 and 0.5 meter away from the nearest block (2 att. steps), but fireball explosions can happen anywhere (1 att. step). Thus, the block resistances are 121.00 (charged creepers), 77.67 (TNT), 56.00 (creepers), 16.42 (fireballs). So water, lava (Note: Only the stationary block) obsidian, and bedrock are always indestructible, and fences and less blast-resistant blocks can be destroyed by fireballs. These are theoretical values, and in reality less resistant blocks are not always destroyed; there is no such mechanic.
required to absorb maximum blast force of an explosion happening in nearby air = ((1.3 × − × × 0.75)/ − 0.3) × 5. To not be destroyed, a block has to absorb all blast force at the first checkpoint in it.
Interaction with entities [ edit ]
An explosion has different effects on entities than blocks. Entities are damaged and propelled by an explosion if within its damage radius of 2 × power . Note that the "damage radius" is different from the blast radius of explosion effect on blocks.
For every entity within a 2×[power] block sphere of the explosion center, the impact is (1-[distance from explosion/power/2])×[exposure] (see section below on exposure). The entity is damaged by (impact×impact+impact)×8×power+1 (armor enchantments for damage are handled separately). After damage, exposure is reduced by (exposure×[max Blast Protection from all armor]×0.15). The entity's eyes are propelled along the ray from the explosion center by the new exposure.
From the above process, the following results can be deduced:
Entities will always get at least 1 point of damage if they are within the radius, regardless of their explosion exposure.
The maximum damage that entities can take (at the explosion center with 100% exposure) = (1 × 1 + 1) × 8 × power + 1 point of damage = 97 (charged creepers), 65 (TNT), 49 (creepers), 17 (fireballs). When entities are away or covered by blocks from the explosion center, they take less damage.
that entities can take (at the explosion center with 100% exposure) = (1 × 1 + 1) × 8 × + 1 point of damage = 97 (charged creepers), 65 (TNT), 49 (creepers), 17 (fireballs). When entities are away or covered by blocks from the explosion center, they take less damage. The maximum velocity gain that an entity can obtain from a TNT explosion is 1, at the explosion center with 100% exposure.
A primed TNT AABB has directionally asymmetrical sample points (1/2.96 spacing) because of rounding.
Calculation of explosion exposure [ edit ]
The entity's bounding box is divided into a [2×width+1] by [2×height+1] by [2×depth+1] grid of unequally spaced points. A ray is drawn from the explosion center to each point. The exposure of the entity is the percentage of these rays that are unobstructed.
The approximation algorithm has sampling error that results in directional asymmetry of propulsion. For example, a typical TNT cannon has maximum range in the west direction partly because the primed TNT has largest sampled exposure in that direction.
Causing fire [ edit ]
If the explosion has the ability, it randomly starts fires in ⅓ of all destroyed air blocks that are above opaque blocks.
Prolonged lag [ edit ]
In addition to the initial lag from processing the explosion, which subsides once the explosion has occurred, there can also be a prolonged fallout from an explosion, that consists of dropped items, liquid physics, and increased render-complexity of the crater. Technically, the dropped items will disappear after 5 minutes, however those 5 in-game minutes may take a long time to process during extreme lag.
Using certain rules and commands can avoid this prolonged lag: setting the gamerule doTileDrops to false, for instance with /gamerule doTileDrops false , will stop dropped items from being generated by explosions. Also, the command /kill @e[type=Item] will destroy all dropped items.
Blast resistance [ edit ]
[edit values]
Typical damage radius [ edit ]
The player will receive damage, if within these radii of a 100% exposure ground 1 block, 2 blocks, or 4 blocks of TNT explosion, with the amount of damage labeled on each circle in the figures below.
History [ edit ]
Trivia [ edit ]
Photo
NEW DELHI — India launched its first unmanned spacecraft to orbit the moon early Wednesday, part of an effort to assert its power in space and claim some of the business opportunities there.
The Indian mission is scheduled to last two years, prepare a three-dimensional atlas of the moon and prospect the lunar surface for natural resources, including uranium, a coveted fuel for nuclear power plants, according to the Indian Space Research Organization.
The spacecraft will not land on the moon, though it is supposed to send a small “impactor” probe to the surface.
The launching of Chandrayaan-1, as the vehicle is called — roughly translated as Moon Craft-1 — comes about a year after China's first moon mission.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Talk of a space race with China could not be contained, even as Manmohan Singh, the Indian prime minister, was due to visit Beijing later in the week.
Photo
“China has gone earlier, but today we are trying to catch them, catch that gap, bridge the gap,” Bhaskar Narayan, a director at the Indian space agency, was quoted by Reuters as having said.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said on Tuesday, Oct. 4, the organization would publish around one million documents related to the U.S. election and three governments, but denied the release was aimed at damaging Hillary Clinton. (Reuters)
The big news from WikiLeaks is that big news is coming. Later. Possibly after Election Day.
An early-morning news conference Tuesday that had the conservative media salivating over the prospect of some damaging revelation about Hillary Clinton turned out to be a major letdown. Instead of dropping a bomb on the presidential election, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said “We hope to be publishing every week for the next 10 weeks.”
The election is in five weeks.
Trump-loving Breitbart News described Tuesday's presser as an “Assange rick roll.” Matt Drudge dubbed it “WikiTease.”
Journalists and news outlets across the political spectrum agreed that this particular “October surprise” was a total dud.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange promised an #OctoberSurprise but didn't deliver https://t.co/UA9l7KFVEa — USA TODAY (@USATODAY) October 4, 2016
So, what the hell was Roger Stone talking about if Wikileaks was a nothing burger? What was the "security scare" by Wikileaks? — Bill Mitchell (@mitchellvii) October 4, 2016
The Julian Assange Wikileaks "October Surprise" turned out to be the revelation that @RogerJStoneJr's hair is not their own. pic.twitter.com/SXaA7ZWJNe — Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) October 4, 2016
WikiLeaks says today. Then not today. Then today. Then not today. https://t.co/bFKoHrJmfk — Byron York (@ByronYork) October 4, 2016
The day Wikileaks rickrolled us all — Allum Bokhari (@LibertarianBlue) October 4, 2016
I was really expecting more from Assange and their Russian overlords in their effort to undermine the US democratic process. Sigh. #Wikileaks — Eric Owens (@ericowensdc) October 4, 2016
WikiLeaks intends to start “publishing every week for the next 10 weeks.” They know when Election Day is, right? — jimgeraghty (@jimgeraghty) October 4, 2016
It is possible, of course, that WikiLeaks really will reveal something monumental before American voters go to the polls. But Assange seemed to downplay expectations when they spoke from London.
“There's been a lot of misquoting of me and WikiLeaks publications,” they said. “In this particular case, the misquoting has to do with 'we intend to harm Hillary Clinton' or 'I intend to harm Hillary Clinton' or 'I don't like Hillary Clinton.' All those are false. … Are our coming publications significant, in relation to the U.S. election? Yeah, we think they're significant. Do they show interesting features of U.S. power factions and how they operate? Yes, they do." (Actually, the most common misquote on this story seems to involve whether Assange actually said they have potentially indictment-worthy evidence against Hillary Clinton. The answer, despite numerous reports, appears to be: It's far from clear that they have.)
That's not exactly an advertisement for a game-changing leak. It sounds like those who were hoping WikiLeaks would rock the campaign and bring down Clinton with a colossal exposé will continue to be disappointed.
A while back, I posted an article about a Pseudorandom Number Generator (PRNG) for Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (DSS) experiments. PRNGs are the key element in many cryptographic applications and they also play a major role in DSSS.
To generate a pseudorandom binary sequence (PRBS), I am using a linear feedback shift register (LFSR). A LFSR is a shift register of which the input bit is a linear function of its previous state. Usually two or more bits of the overall shift register value are exclusive-OR-ed and fed back into the shift register. The bit positions that affect the next state are called the taps.
The next picture shows a simple 7 stage PRNG which I am using for the following experiments. A 7-stage shift register can produce a code with a maximal length of 27-1 = 127 code bits. The output sequence almost equals the statistical expectation for a truly random sequence. The numbers have a nearly perfect bell-shaped Gaussian distribution. However, LFSR is deterministic. If any given status of the shift register is known, the next state can be predicted.
Here is an example output of the PRNG made up out of 5 individual screenshots:
We wouldn't expect the output frequency to be larger than the clock rate at any point. To confirm this, I am using an eye diagram with infinite persistence. And sure enough, the smallest period length occurring in the output signal is 100 ns (≙ 10 MHz).
From 0 – 10 MHz, we can see half of a bell curve with its peak at 0 MHz. And as expected, due to the rich content of harmonics of the rectangular signal, we can clearly see a bell shape ranging from 10 to 20 MHz with a peak at 15 MHz. There is another bell shape ranging from 20 to 30 MHz with a peak at 25 MHz.
Zooming in on the 20 to 30 MHz range shows that the distribution looks pretty close to what we expect.
The next picture shows the bell shapes pretty clearly. It also shows how the bell shapes to the right decrease in amplitude as the harmonics are weakening.
To get an idea what an actual DSSS signal looks like, we are going mix a PRBS with a constant carrier. Normally, some transmit data would be XORed with the PRBS before transmission. But for the sake of this experiment, we don't need any data other than the code sequence (PRBS) itself.
Just like in a real DSSS application, we are going to use an XOR gate as mixer. Essentially, this results in the carrier being modulated with the code sequence (PRBS) using Binary Phase-Shift Keying (BPSK). This is because the XOR will invert (= 180 degree phase shift) the phase relation of the carrier if the modulation input is ‘high' (logical 1).
So how does the BPSK modulated look like in the frequency domain? There are only a few pictures of DSSS signals available on the web and in literature. Additionally, the quality of those pictures isn't very good. Let's ask the WaveAce 1002 scope for help again.
But before we jump into the frequency domain, let's look at the BPSK signal in the time domain.
For comparison, here is a picture of the unmodulated 10 MHz carrier in the time domain. Other than the 10 MHz carrier, there's only noise visible.
Next, I am going to modulate the carrier with the pseudo random binary sequence. The clock rate of the PRNG is 5 MHz. What do we expect to see? First, we can assume the bandwidth to be 10 MHz. This is because the bandwidth of a BPSK signal is equal to two times the (max.) data rate [1].
Second, the shape can be determined from a theoretical standpoint as well. The XOR mixer adds and subtracts the modulation signal to / from the carrier. Since we know how the output spectrum of the PRNG looks, the shape can be assumed as well. From the addition, we expect to see half of a bell shape starting at 10 MHz and flooring at 15 MHz. Some bell shaped 5 MHz humps should appear directly after that. The subtraction will yield the exact same result, except mirrored around the X-axis starting from the 10 MHz carrier. That would be half of a bell shape starting from 5 MHz and peaking at 10 MHz. Side lobes will appear left from the 5 MHz point with a bandwidth of 5 MHz each. Since negative frequencies don't exist, there is actually just room for one side lobe in this scenario.
Too much theory? I agree, here's a pretty picture of the 10 MHz carrier modulated with the code stream clocked at 5 MHz.
And we see exactly what we'd expect. Awesome! In case the theoretical description of the signal was a bit too difficult to follow, try it again with the picture as help. A picture makes so many complex issues much clearer. That's why pictures are so much more effective than text and an oscilloscope is such a powerful tool.
Next up is a picture of the 10 MHz carrier modulated with the code stream clocked at 2.5 MHz. Since the clock rate is half as much in the previous pictures, we'd consequently expect the lobes to be half as wide. The main lobe should have a width of 5 MHz and the side-lobes should be 2.5 MHz wide.
The last picture shows the 10 MHz carrier modulated with the code stream clocked at 1 MHz. The main lobe should have a width of 2 MHz and the side lobes should be 1 MHz wide.
It seems that also this time reality fits the theory. Or the other way around? Ah well, they fit!
In a practical application, the bandwidth of the transmitted signal would of course have to be limited for spectrum efficiency. Interestingly, not all of the main lobe is needed to reliably transport data. To be precise, the overall bandwidth of the transmitted signal can be cut down to be equal to the maximum data rate. This is called the Nyquist bandwidth.
In the case of the 5 Mbps PRBS stream, we could cut the main lobe off to be only 5 MHz wide. This is being done with a raised-cosine filter in a real world application. This is not only true for direct sequence spread spectrum applications but for all digital phase shift keying modes such as BPSK, QPSK, and 8PSK.
I wrote this article for two reasons. The first one being the obvious reason, to show some properties of a DSSS signal. The second reason is that I wanted to show what a powerful tool an oscilloscope is. The LeCroy WaveAce is a entry-level sub $1000 scope [2], yet it mastered the complex tasks in this article with flying colors.
One thing you might have noticed is that I am using an extremely large time base when displaying a FFT of the signal. You can't tell any signal properties (except amplitude) of the signal in the time domain anymore. All that's left is a yellow brick. This is intentional. Most scopes logically only perform the FFT on the samples displayed. Since the frequency components of the DSSS signal change rapidly, we need the maximum amount of samples possible. Care needs to be taken to not overdo it, though, else the scope will display an incorrect lower frequency. This effect is called aliasing and occurs in all sampling systems [3].
Update (11/08/2012): I have received an email asking about what the clearly visible spur at 20 MHz is. If you look at the following picture of the DSSS signal again, you can clearly notice the spike at 20 MHz.
What is it and where does it come from? It is simply the harmonic of the original BPSK modulated 10 MHz signal. Because the BPSK causes a phase shift of ± 180 degrees, the phase shift on the second harmonic would be ± 360 degrees. A phase shift of ± 360 degrees is practically equal to no phase change at all. That means the harmonic completely free of any phase modulation whatsoever. This effect is used in a squaring loop to recover the carrier. The received signal is being multiplied with itself (=squared) to generate a signal with twice the frequency of the original carrier but with the phase modulation removed. If the signal is then divided by two, the generated signal is phase-coherent with the original carrier and can be used to recover the data.
Links and Sources:
[1] BPSK, QPSK, 8PSK and QAM Calculator, KF5OBS: http://jaunty-electronics.com
[2] Teledyne LeCroy WaveAce 1002 Review, KF5OBS: http://jaunty-electronics.com
[3] Aliasing, Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/
Yesterday the Brexit secretary, David Davis, announced plans to encourage a “smooth and orderly exit” from the EU. The so-called great repeal bill, which would create temporary powers to let ministers amend thousands of laws, was immediately condemned as a “shameless power grab” by the Lib Dems, while the campaign group Liberty said it left “gaping holes where our rights should be”. They have a point: the bill will give the government powers far beyond those necessary to oversee the UK's exit from the EU, and allow it to sideline parliament as a decision-making body.
'Great repeal bill' will create sweeping powers to change laws for Brexit Read more
Under normal circumstances, if the government of the day wants to repeal or change an act of parliament, it must win a vote in parliament. Those we elect have the definitive say in how the country is governed. This bill, however, will enable ministers to amend acts of parliament without a vote. These so-called “Henry VIII” powers – described by Lord Judge, the former lord chief justice, as a “self-inflicted blow” to parliament that should only be used in a national emergency – will make ministers the ultimate decision-makers.
The great repeal bill will include exceptionally broad powers. Around 14% of primary legislation incorporates a degree of EU influence. The bill will thus give ministers greater powers than parliament in relation to more than a 10th of all UK law. These powers will be largely discretionary. The white paper on the bill contains no legal threshold for the use of Henry VIII powers. The only democratic check proposed is the process used to approve statutory instruments. This can be a “negative approval” process, in which decisions of the government are nodded through without a vote.
The only limit that the government proposes to its use of Henry VIII powers is a guarantee that they will only be used for “technical amendments”. Yet the decision on what is classed as “technical” appears to reside with the government. Ministers will only be accountable to themselves. This opens the door for a bonfire of regulations disguised as trivial changes. The government's own example of a “technical amendment”, removing consultations required before oil companies are permitted to build in protected habitats, will have far-reaching substantive consequences. It removes a key level of scrutiny from the planning process and makes it significantly easier for oil companies to drill at the expense of endangered species.
The Henry VIII clause is not the only exceptional power proposed for the bill. The white paper promises to empower the government to implement parts of the UK's exit agreement “without delay” in a “separate process” seemingly in advance of parliamentary approval. The paper offers no detail about which parts of the agreement will be implemented before parliament votes. It appears that this exceptional power will be available entirely at the discretion of ministers. The government has already contrived to deny parliament a meaningful vote on the exit agreement. These powers will reduce parliament's role to rubber-stamping laws that have already taken effect.
The white paper also hints at a worrying intention to avoid accountability altogether. It talks of balancing the need for scrutiny against the “speed of this process”. Yet the time available for scrutiny is entirely within the government's gift. If the government publishes its plans at the earliest possible opportunity, there is no reason that there will not be adequate time to subject them to appropriate scrutiny. If, on the other hand, the government delays its decisions until the last minute, parliament will be faced with a choice between waving proposals through, or inviting legal chaos if the UK leaves the EU without the appropriate changes in place.
As we get closer to Brexit day, those attempting to hold the government to account can increasingly be accused of “endangering Britain's future”. In other words, the government has laid the foundations for the perfect discourse with which to silence criticism.
Most concerning of all, it is not clear that any of this is necessary. The white paper lists several proposed “technical amendments”, including (for example) a requirement for the UK to make regular reports about the state of its inland waterways. But these rules are not generally contained in acts of parliament. They are generally found in secondary legislation. This is a lower class of law, generally dealing with technical matters, that can be altered without a vote in parliament. The white paper does not contain a single example of a “technical amendment” that would require a Henry VIII power.
It seems such powers are either entirely unnecessary or, at minimum, certainly not required on the broad scale envisaged in the paper. The great repeal bill will thus give the government broader powers, exercised with less accountability, than any peacetime administration in living memory. Yet the government does not seem prepared to fully disclose what they will be used for or why they are needed at all.
• Sam Fowles's fully referenced analysis of the great repeal bill can be found on the Another Europe Is Possible website.
When state Sen. Gil Riviere heard recently that Gov. David Ige was negotiating a tax collection agreement with Airbnb, they aren't surprised.
Efforts to pass bills to regulate online vacation rental brokers like Airbnb had stalled during the 2017 legislative session. Riviere, whose district includes Oahu's North Shore, says rumors had been floating around that Ige was considering a private deal that would let the company collect state taxes from the rentals.
“I would love to see what's in there,” said Riviere, whose district includes popular tourist areas where as many as one in five housing units have been taken over as short-term rentals advertised on Airbnb, VRBO, Clearstay.com and TripAdvisor. “But I'm not privy to that.”
Screenshot
Few people, it seems, know what's in the draft agreement between Ige's Department of Taxation and the short-term rental giant. Mike McCartney, Ige's chief of staff, said in an interview that state tax laws prevent them from discussing what they called a “working draft.”
Now a coalition concerned about the proliferation of short-term rentals and the governor's secret talks with Airbnb are pushing back. They're questioning not only the substance of any deal – which they know little about – but also the legality of adopting an important governmental policy without any avenue for the other interest groups and the public to share their views.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
On Wednesday, some three dozen hoteliers, housing advocates, labor leaders, attorneys and others gathered at the Hilton Hawaiian Village to plot strategy. Kekoa McClellan, a spokesperson for the American Hotel and Lodging Association who organized the meeting, said one concern is that a tax agreement will legitimize illegal short-term rentals, which critics say make up much, if not most, of Airbnb's inventory in Hawaii.
“Brothels have sought taxation because taxation confers legitimacy, and that's exactly what Airbnb is trying to do now,” McClellan said.
McClellan said the vast majority of revenue produced by Airbnb in Hawaii comes not from people renting an extra room to help eke out a living, but from investors renting out whole homes. Some 85 percent of Airbnb's Oahu revenue comes from whole home rentals, they said, and about a quarter of property owners listing multiple units had 20 or more whole homes for rent, according to a national study by CBRE Hotels, an industry research group.
“Only 15 percent fit into that very sympathetic category” of people forced to take in short-term boarders to make ends meet, McClellan contends.
Matt Middlebrook, public policy manager for Airbnb, did not return calls. In an email message, Middlebrook wrote, “With respect to taxes, we are committed to being a long term partner with the State of Hawaii.” However, Middlebrook would not provide a copy of the draft tax collection agreement.
Hawaii land-use laws typically limit the ability of landowners to rent out their properties as short-term tourist rentals. The county ordinances are supposed to help protect neighborhoods from being turned into tourist villages and ensure that a substantial portion of the state's housing stock remains in place for local residents.
Oahu's land-use ordinance, for instance, prohibits transient vacation rentals in most areas. The exceptions are areas zoned as resort areas and “medium-density” apartment zones located within 3,500 feet of a resort zoning district that's more than 50 contiguous acres. There are also hundreds of units that are grandfathered in and allowed to operate as short-term rentals.
Although this only allows a relatively small number of properties to be rented legally as vacation rentals on Oahu, the island has thousands of properties listed on the vacation rental sites. According to a 2014 study commissioned by the Hawaii Tourism Authority, Oahu had 4,411 units advertised on Airbnb, VRBO, Clearstay.com and TripAdvisor.
Statewide, the total was 22,238 units advertised, with an estimated 43,499 bedrooms – or the equivalent of 80 hotels the size of, say, Waikiki's iconic Royal Hawaiian Hotel.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
None of this is lost on Mike McCartney, Ige's chief of staff, who is a former chief executive of the HTA. In an interview, McCartney described discussions of the tax collection agreement as preliminary. And McCartney pointed to the HTA report when discussing the magnitude of short-term vacation rentals.
Ige's goal, they said, is to promote efficient collection of the state's hotel tax, which the Legislature in September increased to 10.25 percent from 9.25 percent to help pay for the Honolulu rail project. Currently, no one knows how many short-term rentals are operating illegally and not paying taxes.
At the same time, McCartney said Ige does not want to create unintended consequences for communities or the hotel industry, and does not want to undermine county efforts to enforce local zoning ordinances
“It's not just about the money,” they said. “It's how do you find the balance?”
Does Agreement Require Public Process?
At Tuesday's meeting were well-known politicos like Sen. Laura Thielen and former U.S. Rep. Ed Case, who is now senior vice president and chief legal officer for Outrigger Hotels & Resorts, and labor leaders like Cade Watanabe, an organizer for UNITE HERE, Local 5, a union of hotel workers.
Affordable housing advocates like Victor Geminiani, a longtime public interest lawyer and co-executive director of the Hawaii Appleseed Center for Law & Economic Justice, were on hand, along with members of community groups.
K.C. Connors, who works with the Hauula Community Association, said the proliferation of short-term rentals has hit their area hard. The HTA statistics back their up: almost 11 percent of the available units in Hauula were taken up by short-term rentals. The situation was even more dramatic in nearby Kahuku, where 20 percent of the available housing units had been converted into short-term rentals.
Area Individually Advertised Units Housing Units Individually Advertised Units Per 100 Housing Units Kahuku 263 1,297 20.3 Haleiwa 480 3,028 15.8 Hauula 195 1,826 10.7 Laie 123 1,188 10.4 Waikiki 1,725 22,750 7.6
Source: SMS research, Hawaii Tourism Authority
Connors said they used to be able to find a room or small studio in the area for $600 a month. The going rate now is $1,200, they said.
The reality is people can simply make more money renting to tourists than to locals, said John White, a public affair and economic development strategist who is senior vice president of the political consulting firm Strategies 360.
“You've got an economic model that is wildly tilted toward short-term rentals,” they said.
One of the questions is whether the agreement with Airbnb would help ensure that the rentals posted on the website were legal rentals.
The problem is, no one except a few parties knows what the agreement says.
“'Secret' is the word,” said Vernon Hinsvark, a member of the Kailua Neighborhood Board, describing the draft agreement.
The secrecy could raise legal concerns, according to coalition members. They have suggested that any agreement approved without public input could violate the Hawaii Administrative Procedure Act. The law governs requirements agencies have to follow – including notice, a public hearing, and an opportunity for public testimony – when they adopt administrative rules.
Under HAPA, a policy or procedure may be considered an administrative rule, even if the agency does not call it that, if it applies generally to the public and has a lasting effect.
Sharon Lovejoy, an attorney who attended the meeting, acknowledged that the agreement might seem to apply only to Airbnb, but they said it would in fact apply broadly to the general public – anyone who wanted to post a property on the site.
“It certainly raises the question” of whether adopting the agreement without HAPA requirements would be legal, they said.
McCartney could not immediately say what legal authority Ige and the Department of Taxation had to make an agreement with Airbnb.
“I'm not a lawyer,” they said. “I'm not from the tax department.”
Photo
Phillip Swagel is a professor at the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland and was assistant secretary for economic policy at the Treasury Department from 2006 to 2009.
Melvin L. Watt was sworn in on Monday as director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, leaving Congress after a distinguished two-decade career as a Democratic member of the House of Representatives from North Carolina. As the federal regulator for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, Mr. Watt effectively controls the two companies and thus has considerable sway over the housing market — and, as a result, faces enormous expectations from people who cheered the 2013 change in the Senate rules that made possible their confirmation.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
These advocates are looking to Mr. Watt to direct the two government-controlled firms to make mortgages more broadly available to families with imperfect credit, to write down loan balances for underwater borrowers (those who owe more than their homes are worth), and to refinance still others into low-interest rate loans. These actions would mean increased risks and lower income for Fannie and Freddie, and thus for taxpayers, who own 79.9 percent of the two companies and have an additional $188 billion stake in the form of preferred shares. In other words, housing advocates are looking for Mr. Watt to have the companies effectively undertake government spending using their regulatory authority rather than doing so through a vote of Congress.
Mr. Watt replaced Edward J. DeMarco, a career civil servant who had served as acting director since 2009. Mr. DeMarco had come under withering criticism from the Obama administration and its political allies for refusing to take these steps to the extent desired by the president. Mr. DeMarco, for example, allowed Fannie and Freddie to refinance borrowers whose mortgages the two companies already guaranteed even if the homeowner in question was riskier than would have been allowed under normal underwriting guidelines. After all, Mr. DeMarco reasoned, the companies' guarantee meant that they (and thus taxpayers) were already at risk.
Nearly 2.9 million homeowners have refinanced under the program approved by Mr. DeMarco through August 2013, with over 5 million homeowners receiving assistance through loan modifications, either through government agencies or from their lender (that is, from the mortgage servicer acting on behalf of the owners of the loan). Moreover, one million to two million more homeowners thought to be eligible for existing programs have not yet applied for a lower-interest-rate loan and could still be helped.
While the Obama administration's efforts to avoid foreclosures were long seen as falling woefully short of the president's promises at their start in 2009, the programs together have finally become successful enough that the administration no longer releases its monthly scorecard of results late on Friday afternoons, as had long been its custom.
Under Mr. DeMarco, the Federal Housing Finance Agency also went after banks that had sold bad loans to Fannie and Freddie and thus caused some of the losses that required the taxpayer bailout. They have wrung billions of dollars of compensation from a host of banks, including a $5.1 billion payment from JPMorgan.
Mr. DeMarco drew the line, however, at allowing Fannie and Freddie to help riskier borrowers with loans in private-label securities they did not already guarantee, and at having the firms take part in a Treasury proposal to write down loan balances for underwater borrowers using money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program to cover some of the costs. For principal write-downs, Mr. DeMarco's staff provided a detailed analysis showing that taxpayers could come out behind “if as few as 3,000 borrowers decided to stop making payments in the hopes of qualifying for debt forgiveness.”
Critics saw this as pound-foolish. Even if it saved taxpayers money (which Mr. DeMarco's critics contested as well), they saw their decision as retarding the economic recovery by prolonging the overhang of housing debt that deterred consumer spending.
Ultimately, Mr. DeMarco took seriously their congressional mandate as conservator for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In effect, they saw their role as making sure that Fannie and Freddie continued to operate and support the housing market but refused to use them for housing-related stimulus — this was a prerogative for Congress and the president, and not for an unelected (and in their case, not even Senate-confirmed) regulator.
This was a highly principled stand, consistent with the law, and taken against immense pressure. It is ironic that Mr. DeMarco's refusal to circumvent the checks and balances of our constitutional system under which Congress holds the purse strings was harshly criticized by the Obama administration, when the president themselves is a former law professor.
Mr. DeMarco recognized as well that it was for Congress to decide the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — the two firms have congressional charters, so their disposition ultimately requires legislation, whether to sell off the government stakes or wind the enterprises down as part of a new housing finance system. In the meantime, however, they set in motion a strategic plan under which Fannie and Freddie have taken steps that will facilitate any of the housing finance proposals being considered by Congress, notably including instructing the companies to develop a common securitization platform that will standardize mortgage-backed securities and eventually allow others to compete with Fannie and Freddie or even supplant them.
Mr. DeMarco further instructed the companies to wind down the investment portfolios that generated profits for shareholders but left taxpayers exposed to risks, and to set up mechanisms to bring in private capital to take on housing credit risk ahead of the taxpayer exposure. Mr. DeMarco provided leadership when there was a vacuum.
Mr. Watt takes over as the regulator at a time when there is much discussion of housing finance reform but not yet a bipartisan path forward. Meanwhile, Fannie and Freddie have become immensely profitable, with projections that they could generate about $20 billion in annual earnings. This is money that Mr. Watt effectively can spend on their own authority by directing the two companies to undertake actions that intentionally reduce their incomes — the sort of thing for which Mr. DeMarco was battered for standing up against.
Indeed, Mr. Watt has already put on hold a 0.1 percent increase in the insurance premium previously announced by Mr. DeMarco under which Fannie and Freddie would have charged more for the guarantee they provide on mortgage-backed securities — an additional charge that would have protected taxpayers but translated into higher mortgage interest rates.
Mr. Watt has not indicated their intentions for additional actions to be taken by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in support of the housing market. Moreover, Mr. Watt has a reputation as a thoughtful legislator, and has considerable knowledge of financial market policy from their time on the House Financial Services Committee.
There is every reason to believe that they will continue the strategic plan put in place by Mr. DeMarco. Still, it is not hard to imagine a situation in which the prospect of a former Democratic member of congress with the authority to spend $20 billion a year provides an impetus for Republicans to look to move forward more rapidly with housing finance reform.
BEIJING — Liu Xiaobo, the jailed Chinese dissident who received the Nobel Peace Prize for their writings promoting democracy, has been given medical parole to be treated for late-stage cancer, their lawyers and the prison authorities said on Monday.
Mr. Liu, who had been imprisoned in northeast China, was found in late May to have advanced liver cancer and was hospitalized soon after, said one of the lawyers, Shang Baojun, citing Mr. Liu's relatives. Mr. Shang said the outlook for Mr. Liu appeared grim.
“It seems to be very serious, very serious,” they said. “If it was an early stage of cancer, then that would be easier to treat. But at this late stage, the treatment seems much more difficult.”
In a video released by Radio Free Asia, Mr. Liu's distraught wife, Liu Xia, told a friend that their doctors “can't do surgery, can't do radiation therapy, can't do chemotherapy,” apparently referring to their advanced cancer.
Fork Watch: Indian Bitcoin Exchanges Will Not Support 'Bitcoin Cash'
India's top bitcoin exchanges have announced that they are either not supporting or have not planned to support “Bitcoin Cash,” the new cryptocurrency that is expected to result from a user-activated hard fork (UAHF) on August 1. The exchanges have also announced that they will be suspending bitcoin deposits and withdrawals during that time.
Also read: Indian Bitcoin Hotspot Bangalore Sees 50+ Merchants Added This Month
India has three major bitcoin exchanges; Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure. All three have made announcements regarding Bitcoin Cash, as well as how each plans to suspend bitcoin services during the planned hard fork.
Zebpay
Zebpay claims to be the biggest bitcoin exchange in India. Its app surpassed 500,000 Android downloads in May and ranked as the 7th most popular finance app in the Apple app store in June.
The company announced on Thursday that it will neither support Bitcoin Cash (BCC) nor its trading, stating that:
If you want access to Bitcoin Cash, please remove your bitcoins from your Zebpay wallet to a wallet in which you control the private keys on or before 31st July. Bitcoin Cash will not be available for customers who leave bitcoins in Zebpay.
In addition, the exchange is suspending bitcoin deposits and withdrawals from July 31 at 10 pm to August 2 at 10 am.
Unocoin
Unocoin claims to be India's most popular bitcoin company with a focus on merchant services. The platform reported having over 300,000 registered users and trading volume of more than 200 million INR each month.
The company announced last week its contingency plan for the hard fork. While the exchange will support the chain with the majority, it stated:
Unocoin has not planned or equipped to support other shorter and weaker chains if they pop up.
The company also announced a system maintenance of the site between July 30 and August 4 “to avoid any loss of customers' coins via replay attacks and to choose the longer and safer chain to go with.” This period may be extended if necessary.
Coinsecure
Coinsecure claims to be India's fastest 24/7 real-time bitcoin trading platform. The company has announced that “to ensure the safety of customers' funds, we will temporarily suspend BTC deposits, withdrawals, and buy/sell starting approximately 24 hours before activation of either fork.” In addition, the exchange stated:
If you do wish to have access to coins on the other forked chain or access your BTC during the fork, you should send your BTC from Coinsecure to your external address by July 30th.
What do you think about the standpoint Indian Exchanges are taking on Bitcoin Cash? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Zebpay, Unocoin, Coinsecure
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
In what is potentially a world first for a major grocery retailer, Electrum has enabled Pick n Pay to accept Bitcoin payments in-store. As a result of this groundbreaking innovation project, for a limited time customers at Pick n Pay's head office campus store have been able to use the Bitcoin cryptocurrency to purchase groceries and services. The checkout process is as simple as scanning a QR code using a Bitcoin wallet app on the customer's smartphone.
Jason Peisl, IS Executive at Pick n Pay, explains, “At Pick n Pay one of our key values is to embrace change and encourage innovation and leadership. To deliver on that promise we are constantly working with our technology partners to find ways in which we can deliver valuable, innovative services to our customers. Cryptocurrency and Bitcoin are still relatively new payment concepts, yet we have been able to effectively demonstrate how we are able to accept such alternative payments.”
Electrum provided the cloud-based enterprise payments platform used for the transactions. Electrum MD Dave Glass says, “We've worked closely with PnP for several years as a key technology provider. Our mission is to support innovative enterprises like Pick n Pay, and together we use the advanced Electrum software-as-a-service technology to move quickly on new opportunities, whilst at the same time delivering the best possible shopping experience”.
The Bitcoin infrastructure for the project was provided by Luno, a global Bitcoin company, active in Southeast Asia and Africa, and with an office in Cape Town. Luno enables South African consumers to easily buy, sell, send and spend Bitcoin.
*update* Business Day has picked up this blog post – No paying via bitcoin just yet, says Pick n Pay
The government's "back to work" schemes, which were challenged by a graduate who was made to work for free at Poundland and an HGV driver made to clean furniture, were legally flawed, the UK's highest court has ruled.
The supreme court ruled against the Department for Work & Pensions (DWP), which was attempting to overturn an earlier verdict by the court of appeal.
The supreme court stopped short of ruling that the regulations constituted forced or compulsory labour, but said the 2011 regulations creating the programme were invalid as they did not contain a sufficiently detailed "prescribed description" of the schemes.
Geology graduate Cait Reilly, 24, who now works for the supermarket chain Morrisons, first disputed the government's employment schemes in January 2012 after working unpaid for Poundland over several weeks at pain of losing jobseeker's allowance.
The judgment would have resulted in the government having to refund £130m to about 250,000 unemployed people for unlawful sanctioning, had it not been for emergency retroactive legislation introduced by Iain Duncan Smith in the spring.
After the introduction of that emergency law, the solicitors Public Interest Lawyers (PIL), who represent Reilly and their co-claimant, Jamieson Wilson, an unemployed lorry driver, lodged a judicial review accusing Duncan Smith of conspiring to undermine basic human rights by enacting the retroactive legislation. They say they will continue to pursue that judicial review after their success in the supreme court.
In a statement outside the court, the lawyer Tessa Gregory said: "We are delighted that the supreme court has dismissed the government's appeal and confirmed that the regulations under which most of the 'back to work' schemes were initially created were unlawful.
"The court upheld the findings that Iain Duncan Smith acted beyond the powers given to them by parliament by failing to provide any detail about the various schemes. Iain Duncan Smith has sought to brand our clients as 'job snobs', but in reality all they have been seeking is a system that is fair and transparent."
After the ruling, Reilly said: "I feel very proud that people seemed to have realised there was an injustice going on, and that we have carried it on and reached the verdict today. It's quite unbelievable. I'm still getting my head around it. But it is a great result."
Reilly, a geology graduate from Birmingham, said the secretary of state needed to treat unemployed people with respect. "Jobseekers … are just trying to make something of themselves, like anyone else," they said. "We're not job snobs."
They added that for job-seeking to be made harder by poor DWP regulations was a terrible irony. "He [Duncan Smith] needs to realise they need to help us, not punish us," they said.
The DWP said it was disappointed that the supreme court had agreed with the court of appeal. It said it had dealt with the matter after introducing emergency legislation in March. Despite the fact that the legislation was subject to judicial review proceedings, it was "very confident" of its validity and would "defend it robustly".
Duncan Smith said: "We have always said that it was ridiculous to claim that our schemes amounted to forced labour, and yet again we have won this argument."
PIL said it would seek further legal action, and called on jobseekers to make claims against previous sanctions.
"We know that, like Jamie and Cait, hundreds of thousands of other jobseekers have not been, and continue not to be, provided with adequate information about the dizzying array of schemes," the lawyers said.
"Following today's judgment, any such jobseekers can object to sanctions that have been imposed and seek the repayment of their benefits.
"It is truly staggering that Duncan Smith has found themselves in this position even after fast-tracking emergency retrospective legislation through parliament. We intend to work with advice organisations to ensure that, following this ruling, affected individuals have the right information and assistance."
eEmployment minister Esther McVey said: "All five judges unanimously said that the intention behind what we are doing is correct, mandation [mandating claimants into unpaid work] is correct. It is not what people have tried to say, it is slave labour. It is not at all.
"I'm pleased to say that the judges ruled on the side of common sense," they added.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Ne'coke Impressions:Death Parade
Upload date:
February 2 2017
Uploaded by:
Mugiwara_Necoke
Video description:
This is my thoughts on the anime death parade, a drama, mystery and psychological thriller. Tell me your thoughts on this series if you have seen it before or if you want to watch it based on this video in the comments. Thanks for watching minna & please share the video on your favorite social media and use the #NecokeTo1k! Follow to join my strawhat fleet. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Follow me on twitter-https://twitter.com/Mugiwara_Necoke Follow me on ig-https://www.instagram.com/Mugiwara_Necoke/ Join my discord-https://discord.gg/WHnxRDD Check out my patreon to support my channel -https://www.patreon.com/Mugiwara_Necoke -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total views:
241
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
Former President George W. Bush rarely criticized their successor Barack Obama, but it took less than six weeks for them to call out Donald Trump.
Bush often maintained that they had too much respect for the job to criticize a sitting president, but that didn't hold them back from attacking Trump during an appearance on NBC's “Today” show Monday morning.
Bush said “we all need answers” on the extent of contact between Trump's team and the Russian government, and also disagreed with Trump's on-going theory that the media is the “opposition party.”
Also Read: George W. Bush Rejects Trump's Opinion of Media, Says 'Power Can Be Very Addictive' (Video)
“We need an independent media to hold people like me to account. Power can be very addictive and it can be corrosive, and it's important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power,” Bush told Matt Lauer. “I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy.”
Bush only spoke out about Obama a handful of times over eight years, mostly regarding leaked off-the-record comments made about Obama's strategy to deal with ISIS back in 2015 — six years into Obama's presidency. Bush's former spokesperson Ari Fleischer even tried to back peddle the comments at the time, telling CNN that, “He never mentioned Obama.”
Bush did tell Lauer the presidency a “tough job” and pointed out that Trump has only been on then job for a month. They added that there are a lot more media organizations now than they had to deal with in the Oval Office. However, they essentially left Obama alone for two terms in the White House and it took less than two months to speak out against a fellow Republican.
Bush is currently making the media rounds, promoting a book of their paintings of wounded veterans. It will be interesting to see if they continue to mention elements of the Trump administration that they disagree with going forward. For now, it appears that Bush either respected Obama more than they respect Trump, or they simply didn't have a book to sell during Obama's presidency.
Related stories from TheWrap:
George W. Bush Rejects Trump's Opinion of Media, Says 'Power Can Be Very Addictive' (Video)
12 Moments That Would Make Donald Trump Glad They Skipped the Oscars (Photos)
Donald Trump Gets Last Laugh at Hollywood After Huge Oscars Flub (Video)
Residents in the Nou Barris district laid on a welcome for Plaça de la República with a festive event to celebrate the new name for the square, which will become official in the coming weeks. Festive acts took place in what is currently Pl. Llucmajor, where the monument to the republic stands for the values of freedom, equality, and fraternity.
Events got under way with a parade from Pl. Virrei Amat to the Jardinets de la Segona República, taking in C/ Pi i Molist, Pl. Madres de Mayo, Pg. Verdum, and what is to be the Plaça de la República. When the entourage arrived, nearly a thousand people unfurled a republican flag above the sculpture.
One of the new elements for the event involved the unveiling of a plaque explaining the history of the statue by Josep Viladomat dedicated to the republic and the medallion dedicated to Mayor Pi i Margall, which forms part of the monument that dominates the site. The plaque is part of the project to promote the history of the district, ‘Relligant Nou Barris' [reconnecting Nou Barris], an initiative by Projectart and the Historical Archive of Roquetes-Nou Barris.
A wreath was laid at the monument to those who defended the republic, currently in the Jardins de la Segona República.
The First Deputy Mayor, Gerardo Pisarello, remembered the advances in freedom and rights during the republic and called for the collective construction of what belongs to everyone. “We can't wait around for a latter-day republicanism. We're here to say we're done with fear”, stated the Deputy Mayor. Pisarello also defended a “new citizens' republicanism, a collective project by a Barcelona which has historically been such”.
The Councillor for Nou barris, Janet Sanz, affirmed that through acts such as this one “we correct a debt with republican values”, noting “we construct the republic every day with the values of freedom, equality and fraternity”.
The festival summed up the Tenim República programme of acts to commemorate the republic which have been taking place in the city since Thursday, coinciding with the 85th anniversary of the proclamation of the Second Republic, on 14 April 1931.
System changes Update to Android O (8.0) Added Picture in Picture
Added Auto-fill
Added Smart text selection
New Quick Settings design
September security patch
Launcher changes Added Notification dots in Launcher
Added OnePlus account login for access to Shot on OnePlus Now able to upload photos directly to Shot on OnePlus through wallpapers
Fingerprint actions may be slower than you are used to.
Shortcut to access Google Photos is unavailable
Some stability issues with NFC and bluetooth
Performance and compatibility of 3rd party apps will continue to be optimized
The build will wipe app and cache data, but Internal Storage will be saved (ie: pictures and files)
Users who revert their device back to the special build can still OTA update the device to Android O build at a later date.
Steps to revert: Download special build
Copy to Internal storage
Reboot to recovery Mode to install Choose “Install from Local”
Choose the downloaded build to install Special builds for latest Android N Open Beta builds(S3 Link): OnePlus 3 OBT 24: Here
OnePlus 3T OBT 15: Here
If you have already flashed an Open Beta (you are currently running the latest Open Beta) you will receive this new build as an OTA.
If you ARE NOT running open beta software and would like to, please refer to the flashing instructions and the full ROM found in the downloads page here: http://downloads.oneplus.net/
Once you migrate to the Beta path, you will continue to receive Open Beta OTAs. You will NO LONGER receive the regular Official Stable OTAs.
Moving back to the Official OTA path from the Beta path will require a full install and clean flash (FULL WIPE of all data and cache)
Hey everyone!We are very excited to announce that we are ready to put out the first Open Beta build based on Android 8.0 for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T devices. Here's what this update entails.As this is a major update we hope that you will fill out our survey on UX & UI here:Changelog:Known issues:Notice:If you want to revert back to the last Open Beta N build (OnePlus 3 Open beta 24 or OnePlus 3T Open Beta 15) you will need to flash the special build provided below. Because of the nature of downgrading from a major version, this will cause you to lose partial data.Instructions and Info:Please keep in mind that this is beta software. These builds are sometime not as stable as our official OTAs generally are. By installing this update, you accept the potential risks of data loss.And please remember to tell us about any bugs you may find using the bug report forums, found here. https://forums.oneplus.net/feedback/ Please note:Make sure to let us know how you feel about the beta builds here too, we are watching.
The “deconstruction of the administrative state” continues apace. Last month, Donald Trump told business leaders they planned to slash regulations by 75 percent “or maybe more.” A week later, they signed an executive order they presumably dreamed up while scanning Groupon, directing federal agencies to “revoke two regulations for every new rule they want to issue.”
In neither instance did they provide any real detail about the plans, other than to assure executives that they could expect to see regulatory hurdles dwindle big league. Now, however, we may have a hint as to specific rules the administration will target, in the form of a wish list handed to Trump by the Business Roundtable. It is, naturally, a series of regulations the Roundtable would prefer the government jettison, including but not limited to:
The C.E.O. pay disclosure rule that requires companies to “calculate and disclose C.E.O. pay as a ratio of average employee pay.” According to the Roundtable, the disclosure “provides no material information to shareholders or investors” and for a company with a lot of employees, the information is “difficult to gather.”
An overtime rule that under Obama raised “the annual salary threshold used to determine which employees were eligible for overtime pay from $23,660 to $47,476.”
A proposal by the Environmental Protection Agency for “new source performance standards for electric utilities that prevent new coal-fired units from being built unless equipped with carbon capture and control technology.” The Roundtable thinks the E.P.A. is “infringing on state authority” here.
The E.P.A.'s “Waters of the United States” rule that “vastly expanded federal jurisdiction over state waters” and, according to the Roundtable, hampers “local economic development.”
An E.P.A. rule pertaining to ambient-air quality standards that, in the Roundtable's opinion, “hamper[s] economic growth in vast sections of the country without delivering additional, meaningful health benefits.”
A rule found in Dodd-Frank that tasks the S.E.C. with requiring public companies to disclose if “conflict minerals” coming from the Congo or adjacent nations are found in their products. The Roundtable thinks “these rules impose extraordinary compliance costs while failing to demonstrate humanitarian benefits in Africa.”
In other words: corporate America wants to obscure income inequality, pay employees less, pollute more, and unburden itself of complicated ethical questions (not to mention the paperwork). Nothing to see here.
Unfortunately, consorting with their fellow millionaires and billionaires, for whom they are busy rolling back regulations and preparing to fix the tax code, has apparently left Donald Trump with little time for other promises, like the big, terrific infrastructure plan that they claimed would create millions of jobs and which they talked about nonstop during the campaign. On that, we're going to have to wait just a bit longer for it to get underway. Per Axios:
Republican sources tell us that a backup plan is emerging for one of Trump's top priorities: Push off until next year any consideration of the massive infrastructure plan Trump wants to push for roads, airports, and other big projects, giving Republican lawmakers more breathing room amid a crowd of issues that'll require massive effort, time, and political capital.
If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe.
Steven Mnuchin's got big plans and one of them is to savage anyone who dares to call them “Steve”
Trump's treasury secretary sat down with CNBC's Becky Quick on Thursday and made a number of promises. On the administration's “big league” “phenomenal” tax reform plan (coming any day now!), the Goldman Sachs partner turned hedge-fund manager turned movie producer turned foreclosure king assured investors it's going to happen, soon, but probably not until the end of the summer.
“We want to get this done by the August recess. We've been working closely with the leadership in the House and the Senate, and we're looking at a combined plan,” Mnuchin said. Despite outside estimates that Team Trump's plan would significantly favor the wealthy over the middle class, Mnuchin told Quick that the administration is “primarily focused on a middle-income tax cut and a simplification for business.” If some tax cuts for the rich happen to slip in? They'll be “offset with reduction of deductions and other things.”
Mnuchin estimates that a combination of tax reform and other policies will result in growth of 3 percent or more, which actual economists think is a fantasy.
But most important? Please get Steven's name right or suffer the consequences.
The Air Force has no idea what Trump is talking about
The Air Force is similar to Sweden in that way. Per Bloomberg:
The Air Force can't account for $1 billion in savings that President Donald Trump said he's negotiated for the program to develop, purchase, and operate two new Boeing Co. jets to serve as Air Force One.
“To my knowledge, I have not been told that we have that information,” Colonel Pat Ryder, an Air Force spokesperson, told reporters Wednesday when asked how Trump had managed to reduce the price for the new presidential plane. “I refer you to the White House,” Ryder said. A White House spokesperson didn't respond to repeated inquiries about Trump's comments.
Perhaps Trump and the Air Force just calculate these things in different ways.
Goldman president turned Trump adviser won't weigh in on Goldman matters
One week after Senator Elizabeth Warren figuratively grabbed Goldman Sachs by the lapels, slammed it up against a wall, and demanded that the bank admit its collusion with Gary Cohn, the ex-Goldman-president-turned-Trump adviser has announced they will recuse themselves from any matter involving their former employer. In the White House's telling, it's because this administration is such a stickler for ethics (except when when it comes to retailers who've decided not to sell the First Daughter's clothing line). The Cohn decision, a spokesperson told the Financial Times, is “consistent with the stringent ethics rules established by the Trump administration.”
Companies fearing a Twitter lashing from the president can breathe easy
Despite chief executives' fears that they could wake up any morning to discover (or, more likely, be informed by an executive assistant) that the president of the United States had lobbed one of their patented Trump Tweets at their company, an analysis by The Wall Street Journal showed that the president doesn't have much of an impact on stock prices in the long run. Sad!
To compile its own Trump Target Index, the Journal examined the share prices of 12 companies since Mr. Trump referred to layoffs at Carrier in a GOP debate in February 2016 — shortly after winning the New Hampshire primary on February 9.
Some companies were mentioned several times, and the list isn't exhaustive. But as each episode was added to the Trump Target Index, the group generally continued to rise in price, slightly outperforming the broader U.S. stock market.
The stocks are generally up over the longer term despite some high-profile instances of a company's shares declining immediately after a mention.
Elsewhere!
Dow Chemical C.E.O. says the Trump administration is the most pro-business “since the Founding Fathers” (CNBC)
Trump says they are “the best golfer of all the rich people” (BuzzFeed)
Uber's sexism problem just became a full-blown scandal (VF Hive)
Barclays cuts bonuses for investment bankers (Bloomberg)
“Trump again vows to bring back U.S. jobs, but offers few details” (Reuters)
“Investors Flock to Supercharged Gold Bet That's Returned 180 Percent” (Bloomberg)
A Swedish politician is advocating for paid breaks for sex in the workplace (Quartz via Matt Levine)
“I tried a $5,000 hamburger, and it was absolutely worth it” (CNBC)
Right-wing media are offering GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney advice for the upcoming presidential debate. They suggest Romney should push economic myths to attack Obama's record, "smack the president," and get under Obama's skin.
Conservative Media: Romney Should Mislead About Economy To Attack Obama...
NYT's David Brooks Advised Romney To Say "The Economy In 2012 Is Worse Than The Economy In 2011." In a October 1 New York Times op-ed, columnist David Brooks advised Romney to say that the economy is worse now than it was in 2011:
The Obama administration, which is either hostile to or aloof from business, has made a thousand tax, regulatory and spending decisions that are biased away from growth and biased toward other priorities. American competitiveness has fallen in each of the past four years, according to the World Economic Forum. Medical device makers, for example, are being chased overseas. The economy in 2012 is worse than the economy in 2011. That's inexcusable. [The New York Times, 10/1/12]
In Fact, Economic Data Indicates That The Economy Is Better Off Now Than It Was One Year Ago. Since 2011, GDP has grown to $15.586 trillion and the private sector has added over 3 million jobs. Moreover, the stock market has increased in value by nearly 24 percent, and in the second quarter of 2012, home values hit their highest value since 2008. [Media Matters, 10/2/12]
Breitbart.com: Romney Should Convey The Message That The U.S. Needs To "Cut Taxes To Stimulate Growth." An October 1 Breitbart.com post advised Romney to simplify their message and suggested that they convey the "conservative message" of "cut[ting] taxes to stimulate growth":
The conservative message is pretty simple: cut taxes to stimulate growth, get rid of business-stifling government regulations so the free market can prevail, and keep the country safe. No need to reinvent the wheel. The founders did it all already. We need you, Mitt, to be the leader who will put the message into practice. You seem like a really nice guy, Mitt. You have a great running mate. And you have a conservative base that is really fired up and ready to go. So, when you meet Barack in Colorado on Wednesday night for the first debate, clearly spell out your plans so that everyone believes what you say. [Breitbart.com, 10/1/12]
TPC: Tax Cuts For High Earners "Will Do Relatively Little To Boost The Economy In The Short Run." In an August 2010 post, Tax Policy Center economist Howard Gleckman pointed out that tax cuts for the wealthy generally do not go back into the economy. Gleckman noted: "We know that higher income households are more likely to bank the cash than spend it. As a result, tax cuts for these high-earners will do relatively little to boost the economy in the short run." [Tax Policy Center, 8/31/10]
For more on right-wing media inflating the effects of tax cuts, click here and here.
Laura Ingraham: Romney Needs To Remind People That "We Have Really 11.7 Percent Unemployment." During the September 30 edition of Fox News Sunday, Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham suggested that in the debate, Romney should claim that the U.S. "really" has "11.7 percent unemployment." [Fox Broadcasting, Fox News Sunday, 9/30/12]
BLS: "The Unemployment Rate Edged Down to 8.1 Percent" In August. In a September 7 press release, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that "the unemployment rate edged down to 8.1 percent" in August. [Bureau of Labor Statistics, 9/7/12]
... Should Verbally "Smack" Obama ...
Bill O'Reilly: Romney Has To "Smack The President." On Fox & Friends, Fox host Bill O'Reilly encouraged Romney to "put aside their politician persona" and "smack the President" in the debates
O'REILLY: Look, Mitt Romney, it's all on him. All on him. All President Obama has to do is basically just be himself, and not say anything, just repeat the same old thing. But Mitt Romney has to convince the American people that going forward he's a better alternative than the president. That's not going to be easy. So he's going to have to paint the President as an incompetent. Now this Libya thing can be part of that, but certainly the economy way more important to the folks than Libya. But they can weave it. The second thing is that Romney has got to kinda put aside their politician persona. I mean they look perfect, right? They look like a president should look. But that's not working against him, because people don't know who they are. He's got to find a way to say look, this is who I am, this is why I'm better, in very simple terms. It's a daunting task for the governor. GRETCHEN CARLSON (co-host): Yeah, it is, because if they come across as sort of being in attack mode, which a lot of republicans want them to be, then the press might say, "Oh wow, they really went too far." O'REILLY: They don't get -- they can't care about the press. CARLSON: Ok. O'REILLY: They can't care about them one bit. He's got to smack the president like Laura Ingraham would smack him. [Fox News, Fox & Friends, 10/2/12]
Sean Hannity: "I'd Like To See Romney" "Hit" Obama "With A Left Hook, Verbally." On their Fox News show, Sean Hannity encouraged Romney to "hit" Obama with a "verbal punch":
HANNITY: Romney, this is a big opportunity for him. I don't think this president has ever taken a verbal punch. If I'm right, and he's arrogant, somebody hits them with a left hook, verbally, and then continues to jab them on their failed policies, they are going to react and it will be visible. I'd like to see Romney do that [...] HANNITY: I'll be honest. If they don't hit as hard as they hit Newt in the Florida debates, I'll be angry. [Fox News, Hannity, 10/1/12]
Chris Stirewalt: "Romney's Got To Attack, Attack, Attack." During a discussion of the debates on Fox News' America Live, Fox News digital politics editor Chris Stirewalt said Romney must "attack, attack, attack" Obama:
STIREWALT: The way that they have to do when they get on stage in Denver is this. Attack President Obama, don't worry when the punditry says it was too mean or it was shallow or it was short on specifics or whatever. They always say that. It doesn't matter, they always say that. He's got to launch an attack on President Obama, he's got to weather the storm when the press says, "Oh you're doing it wrong, oh we don't like what you're doing." That's what they always say, especially about Republicans. So Romney's got to attack, attack, attack, and then use that time in front of those viewers to lay out three points, three simple points about what they want to do, hit hard, keep it simple, and get out of town. [Fox News, America Live, 9/27/12]
... And Should Get Under Obama's Skin
O'Reilly: Romney Should "Fluster" Obama. In a discussion with Fox News senior political analyst Brit Hume, O'Reilly said that Romney "hasn't been forceful enough," and encouraged Romney to "fluster" Obama during the debates. They also encouraged Romney to convince Americans they can "fix" the economy by saying, "Hey, I'm your handy man here. I can fix it." [Fox News, The O'Reilly Factor, 10/1/12]
Charles Krauthammer: Romney Should Get Under Obama's Skin. On Fox News' Special Report, contributor Charles Krauthammer called Obama "thin-skinned" and said it would help "if Romney can manage to get under their skin in some way."
KRAUTHAMMER: Obama is really good. And they did come out of nowhere, they beat the Clinton machine. They did it in part in their debates, in their oratory. So I think he's going to be strong. I think their one weak point is that they are thin-skinned. You occasionally will see it in the press conference. And if Romney can manage to get under their skin in some way -- I think that actually happened in '08, one or two of the Clinton debates -- I think it could, sort of, puncture that aura that Obama had. I don't think it will be any way be decisive. I think the one thing that is going to help Romney is that simply being on the stage is always true of the challenger, just being on the same stage as the president instantly raises your stature. And I think if they can hold their own and perhaps prevail to even a minor extent they will reverse momentum which has been rather negative in the last couple of weeks. [Fox News, Special Report, 10/1/12]
Conservative Media Also Advise Romney To, Among Other Things, Show "He's Not A Monster"
Dick Morris: "Romney Must Show That He's Not A Monster." On Fox News' Hannity, Fox contributor Dick Morris encouraged Romney to "show that he's not a monster that eats little children," but that they are "a man of integrity":
MORRIS: But Romney -- there are a whole lot of people right now who want to vote for Romney. Want to vote against Obama. But they don't want to vote for Romney, because of all the negatives Obama's piled on them, which has not been answered. And they've sort of sitting on one side of the synapse, waiting for permission to jump over and vote for Romney. In the debate, Romney must show that he's not a monster that eats little children, and that he's a man of integrity and defending themselves on this stuff, can absolutely encourage them to jump over and make it possible for them to do that. [...] MORRIS: And the challenger has an innate advantage in these debates, because they can show that he's not a monster, that they are informed, that he's OK, that he's reasonable and they can answer the charges. And I think that Obama has left themselves very vulnerable to a comeback by Romney in this debate. And I expect to see it. [Fox News, Hannity, 10/01/12]
Donald Trump: If Obama Mentions Romney's Tax Returns, Romney "Should Immediately Ask For Obama's College Records & Applications." In an October 2 tweet, frequent Fox guest Donald Trump wrote, "If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records & applications."
[Twitter, 10/2/12]
Trump: Romney Should Ask Obama Why Their "Autobiography States 'Born In Kenya, Raised In Indonesia.' " In a October 1 tweet, Trump advised Romney to ask Obama why their "autobiography states 'born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia. ' "
[Twitter, 10/1/12]
Obama Literary Agent: Misidentification Of Obama's Birthplace "A Fact Checking Error." In a May 18 ABC article, Obama's literary agent, Miriam Goderich explained that the promotional booklet that said Obama was born in Kenya was "nothing more than a fact checking error by me -- an agency assistant at the time." [ABC News, 5/18/12]
For more on Trump's and right-wing media's questioning of Obama's birthplace, click here.
Michelle Malkin: Romney Should "Take On The Rigged Game" Of Presidential Debates. On Fox News' Hannity, Fox contributor Michelle Malkin expressed their hope that Romney would challenge the "rigged game" of the debates, and represent "mainstream females":
ctvtoronto.ca
Toronto will have lower taxes, better services and a balanced budget in 2011, Mayor David Miller said at a Wednesday morning news conference.
Miller said the city has a larger surplus -- about $100 million more -- than what was originally believed. The surplus was predicted to be about $250 million a couple of months ago when the city released its 2010 budget proposal.
"The numbers a few months ago were an estimate," they said.
The money will be allocated to a property tax stabilization reserve which will reduce taxes for Torontonians, they said.
The 2010 operating budget proposed a 4 per cent property tax increase for residents. Now, the unexpected surplus means the expected tax hike will be reduced by 25 per cent to 2.9 per cent and less than one per cent for businesses.
Miller also said the funds will also go towards improving city services and ensuring Toronto has a balanced budget next year as the city is handed over to a new council after this fall's municipal election.
The extra money is a result of the city's cost-containment measures, a reduction in property assessment appeals, increases in parking revenues as well as increases in supplementary taxes from the building industry.
The mayor also said the city's budget committee is taking steps towards implementing a two-year budget blueprint instead of the current one-year plan.
Critics
Current mayoralty candidate George Smitherman slammed the announcement, critisizing the mayor for playing "emotional" games with Torontonians.
They scoffed at the mayor's suggestion that the surplus could be used to freeze TTC fares in 2011.
"Why not roll back the (January 2010) fare increase instead of talking about the future year when they won't be mayor? I think we can do better," they said.
Coun. Georgio Mammoliti, who is also running to replace Miller when they step down in October, questioned the budget committee's "surprise" surplus discovery.
"How does a city magically find $100 million just weeks after releasing a budget?" they said in a news release issued Wednesday afternoon. "I for one have had enough of the mayor and their run-and-hide way of running this city of late."
Rocco Rossi, a Liberal backbencher who is also running for the city's top job, said the city's apparent balanced budget appears to depend on receiving financial support from the province -- funds that are never guaranteed.
"At the end of the day, there is only one taxpayer and we want to make sure there's a plan," they said.
Rossi said they want to see the city expand Miller's idea for a two-year budget plan into one that encompasses the next five years.
The announcement came amid rampant speculation that the news conference would be about the mayoralty race.
Miller's office sent out a news release Tuesday evening which said nothing more than that an "important" announcement would be made.
Councillors and political pundits said Miller's team was keeping unusually tight-lipped about the announcement, fuelling speculation the mayor would step down from their post early. Miller announced late last year that they would not be seeking re-election for a third term.
Miller defended the news release, saying "it's very important" that the budget has "significantly improved from a couple of months ago."
The announcement last week by Defense Secretary Hagel that the U.S. will, over the coming months, deploy additional anti-ballistic missile interceptors in Alaska and on America's west coast is not really what it is being portrayed as -- to counter the perceived missile threat from North Korea. North Korea has not yet even successfully tested a long range missile and is undoubtedly many years away from being able to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile. Hagel's announcement may in part have been made in anticipation of the day that 'may' occur, which is one reason the interceptors are not being deployed swiftly. But the real reason is Russia.
Of all the obstacles standing in the way of a better bilateral relationship between the U.S. and Russia, America's intention to place anti-ballistic missile interceptors in Europe over the past decade has been the source of the greatest tension between the two countries. Ostensibly intended to counter the perceived Iranian missile threat, this has been the centerpiece of Russian/U.S. discord since 2002, and has prevented progress from being made in a number of areas of mutual importance -- most recently in terms of potential collaboration on Iran and Syria - where the U.S. could really use Russia's help.
In 2009 the Obama Administration canceled the Bush Administration's original plans to place interceptors in Europe and replaced it with the European Phased Adaptive Approach (EPAA), a four-pronged approach to missile defense: land-based radar and interceptor-capable ships (deployed in 2011), to be followed by enhanced sea-based interceptors combined with land-based interceptors (being discussed with Romania and slated for deployment in 2015), then even more advanced sea-based interceptors and a second land-based site (approved by Poland in 2011 for deployment in 2018), and finally more interceptors to bolster existing capabilities (2020).
The fourth phase of the EPAA, which will be the assets to be deployed in Alaska and the west coast, was the source of the greatest concern for the Russians. The Pentagon said last week that Russian objections to the planned European deployments did not figure in to its decision to redeploy the missiles, though the reasoning and timing for the decision seems odd if that is true.
North Korea is years away from have a long range missile launch capability, and probably even further away from having the ability to deliver nuclear warheads on such missiles. While Iran has long-range missile capability, it is undoubtedly even further away from having the ability to deliver warheads on missiles, given that it is not yet a nuclear weapons power. That being the case, what else besides building some goodwill with Moscow could this really be all about?
The Russian government has yet to formally respond to the news, but Moscow will undoubtedly be pleased that fewer U.S. resources will be deployed in its backyard, and that a potential perceived threat to its own long-range missiles will be diminished. The door should now be cracked open toward greater Russian collaboration with NATO, further progress on nuclear arms reduction, and most importantly, meaningful cooperation vis-à-vis Iran and Syria. Russia holds the key to diplomatic progress in the UN on Syria as well as having the ability to influence the Iranians in the latest round of nuclear talks.
While the U.S. already had 30 missile interceptors based in Alaska and the west coast, and is now apparently adding 14 more, do 44 interceptors really provide that much comfort in the event of an attack? The Israelis have thousands of interceptors as part of its Iron Dome program, with a much higher degree of accuracy than the interceptors that will be deployed against North Korea. If the perceived missile threat from North Korea was really that great, wouldn't sea-based systems make more sense? The number of land-based systems being deployed seem more designed to fit neatly into the larger debate over what to do about North Korea, and to provide a limited degree of comfort, than to have a genuine deterrent benefit.
In the end, it seems far likelier that if North Korea were to engage in military offense, it would be against South Korea. If Iran were inclined to do the same, it would obviously be against Israel. None of the subject missile systems would be useful in the event that were to occur. Moreover, it is doubtful that either Pyongyang or Teheran would hesitate to do whatever they may do in the future because, or in spite of, an admittedly limited attempt at missile defense. Washington clearly knows this. So why not call the Obama Administration's move what it is -- an attempt to break the ice with Moscow -- instead of portraying it as something else. That kind of honesty is sorely needed between the two countries, and would be likelier to yield tangible benefits than spinning it.
These days, the code you use to write your application isn't usually the same code that's deployed in production and interpreted by browsers. Perhaps you're writing your source code in a language that “compiles” to JavaScript – like CoffeeScript, TypeScript, or the latest standards-body approved version of JavaScript, ECMAScript 2015 (ES6). Or perhaps more likely, you're minifying your source code in order to reduce the filesize of your deployed scripts. Say, by using a tool like UglifyJS, or Google Closure Compiler.
Such transformation tools are often referred to as transpilers – tools that transform source code from one language into either a) the same language, or b) another similar high-level language. Their output: transpiled code, that while functional in the target environment (e.g. browser-compatible JavaScript), typically bears little resemblance to the code from which it was generated.
This presents a problem: when debugging code in the browser, or inspecting stack traces generated from errors in your application, you are looking at transpiled and (typically) hard-to-read JavaScript. Not the original source code you used to write your application. This can make JavaScript error tracking hard.
The solution to this problem is a nifty browser feature called Source Maps. Let's learn more.
Source Maps
Source maps are JSON files that contain information on how to map your transpiled source code back to their original source. If you've ever done programming in a compiled language like Objective-C, you can think of source maps as JavaScript's version of debug symbols.
Here's an example source map:
{ version : 3 , file : "app.min.js" , sourceRoot : "" , sources : [ "foo.js" , "bar.js" ], names : [ "src" , "maps" , "are" , "fun" ], mappings : "AAgBC,SAAQ,CAAEA" }
You'll probably never have to create these files yourself, but it can't hurt to understand what's inside:
version – the version of the source map spec this file represents (should be “3”)
– the version of the source map spec this file represents (should be “3”) file – the generated filename this source map is associated with
– the generated filename this source map is associated with sourceRoot – the url root from which all sources are relative (optional)
– the url root from which all sources are relative (optional) sources – an array of URLs to the original source files
– an array of URLs to the original source files names – an array of variable/method names found in your code
– an array of variable/method names found in your code mappings – the actual source code mappings, represented as base64-encoded VLQ values
If this seems like a lot to know – don't worry. We'll explain how to use tools to generate these files for you.
sourceMappingURL
To indicate to browsers that a source map is available for a transpiled file, the sourceMappingURL directive needs to be added to the end of that file:
// app.min.js $ ( function () { // your application ... }); //# sourceMappingURL=/path/to/app.min.js.map
When modern browsers see the sourceMappingURL directive, they download the source map from the provided location and use the mapping information inside to corroborate the running client-code with the original source code.
Above: Stepping through Sentry's original ES6 + JSX code in Firefox using Source Maps.
Note: Browsers only download and apply source maps when developer tools are open. There is no performance impact for regular users.
Generating the Source Map
Okay, we know how source maps roughly work, and how to get the browser to download and use them. But how do we go about actually generating them and referencing them from our transpiled files?
Good news: basically every modern JavaScript transpiler has a command-line option for generating an associated source map. Let's take a look at a few common ones.
UglifyJS
UglifyJS is a popular tool for minifying your source code for production. It can dramatically reduce the size of your files by eliminating whitespace, rewriting variable names, removing dead code branches, and more.
If you are using UglifyJS to minify your source code, the following command (from UglifyJS 3.3.x) will additionally generate a source map the minified code back to the original source:
$ uglifyjs app.js -o app.min.js --source-map
If you take a look at the generated output file (app.min.js), you'll notice that the final line includes the sourceMappingURL directive pointed to our newly generated source map.
//# sourceMappingURL=app.min.js.map
Note that this is a relative URL. In order for the browser to download the associated source map, it must be uploaded to (and served from) the same destination directory as the Uglified file (app.min.js). That means if app.min.js is served from http://example.org/static/app.min.js, so too must your source map be served from http://example.org/static/app.min.js.map.
Relative URLs aren't the only way of specifying sourceMappingURL. You can give Uglify an absolute URL via the --source-map-url <url> option. Or you can even include the entire source map inline (not recommended). Take a look at Uglify's command-line options for more information.
Webpack
Webpack is a powerful build tool that resolves and bundles your JavaScript modules into files fit for running in the browser. The Sentry project itself uses Webpack (along with Babel) to assemble and transpile its ES6 + JSX codebase into browser-compatible JavaScript.
Generating source maps with Webpack are super simple. In Webpack 4, specify the devtool property in your config:
// webpack.config.js module . exports = { // ... entry : { "app" : "src/app.js" }, output : { path : path . join ( __dirname , 'dist' ), filename : "[name].js" , sourceMapFilename : "[name].js.map" }, devtool : "source-map" // ... };
Now when you run the webpack command-line program, Webpack will assemble your files, generate a source map, and reference that source map in the built JavaScript file via the sourceMappingUrl directive.
Private Source Maps
Up until this point, all of our examples assume that your source maps are publicly available, and served from the same server as your executing JavaScript code. In which case, any developer can use them to obtain your original source code.
To prevent this, instead of providing a publicly-accessible sourceMappingURL , you can instead serve your source maps from a server that is only accessible to your development team. For example, a server that is only reachable from your company's VPN.
//# sourceMappingURL: http://company.intranet/app/static/app.min.js.map
When a non-team member visits your application with developer tools open, they will attempt to download this source map but get a 404 (or 403) HTTP error, and the source map will not be applied.
Source Maps and Sentry
If you use Sentry to track exceptions in your client-side JavaScript applications, we have good news: Sentry automatically fetches and applies source maps to stack traces generated by errors. This means that you'll see your original source code, and not minified and/or transpiled code.
Above: A stack trace in Sentry mapped back to its original ES6 + JSX source code.
Basically, if you've followed the steps in this little guide, and your deployment now has:
Generated, uploaded source maps
Transpiled files with sourceMappingURL directives pointing to those source maps
Then there's nothing more to do. Sentry will do the rest.
Sentry and offline Source Maps
Alternatively, instead of hosting source maps yourself, you can upload them directly to Sentry.
Why would you want to do that? A few reasons:
In case Sentry has difficulty reaching your servers (e.g. source maps are hosted on VPN)
Latency; source maps are inside Sentry before an exception is thrown
an exception is thrown You're developing an application that runs natively on a device, e.g. using React Native or PhoneGap, whose source code/maps cannot be reached over the internet
Avoids version mismatches where fetched source map doesn't match code where error was thrown
For more information on uploading source maps to Sentry, check out our official documentation.
Wrapping up
You just learned how Source Maps can save your skin by making your transpiled code easier to debug in production. Since your build tools likely already support source map generation, it won't take very long to configure, and the results are very much worth it.
Happy debugging. Whether you want to debug Ember, do React error tracking, or handle an obscure Angular exception, we'll be working hard to provide the best possible experience for you and your team with Sentry!
October 9th, 2014
Andrew Devitt(@Drewski89)
The Flyers had a tough test in their first game of the new season, taking on one of the consensus top teams in the East in the Bruins. Boston is one of the best even strength clubs in the NHL and as we predicted this game came down to specials teams.
There were few quality scoring chances at 5v5 on Wednesday and not much space or time to work with against the Bruins stifling defensive system. Not unexpected based on what we've seen from these two teams in the past. What was surprising was the Flyers anemic powerplay performance.
After tearing apart the preseason, the Flyers special teams went 0/3 on the PP and 1/2 on PK. If the Flyers were to have any chance of really competing with the Bruins, their powerplay needed to be that same deadly efficient unit we saw early on.
Scoring Chance Box Score:
As you can see, the Flyers did OKAY and held their own against the Bruins at evens. Boston held a decisive edge of special teams and that was the difference maker in game one.
The Bruins took an early lead on a powerplay goal in the 1st period after a dumb penalty by Zac Rinaldo. (He'd have another careless penalty in the 3rd period). Sean Couturier tied it in the third tipping a Jake Voracek shot past Tuukka Rask.
With only minutes left in regulation, Boston got a flukey goal off a flubbed shot that floated awkwardly over Mason. Speaking of Mason, they had a very strong opening performance stopping 15/17 scoring chances and 31/33 shots.
Forwards - Even Strength
On the positive side, Sean Couturier's line got off to a really good start, controlling both possession and winning the scoring chance battle. On the not so positive side, Claude Giroux's line did the opposite. They gave up a ton of shots and zone time to the Bruins and end up bleeding scoring chances against.
Head to Head Match Ups - Even Strength
(read left to right, i.e. Giroux's line was +1 against Spooner's line)
If you're looking for reasons why Giroux and company struggled in game one, look no further than Patrice Bergeron. The Bruins stalwart defensive center almost completely shut out the Flyers top line. Claude Julien was pushing that match up all night long for obvious reasons.
Defense - Even Strength
A lot of folks had misgivings about the top defensive pair going into this game but it ended up being the new look 3rd pairing of Del Zotto and Luke Schenn that got hammered in the territorial battle. As expected, Streit's pair did most of the heavy lifting offensively.
Offensive Creativity - Even Strength
Recall that we look at Involved stats to see who was driving offensive play and who was just along for the ride. Couturier was a major force behind their line's success with Wayne Simmonds not far behind. Jake Voracek also had a decent night creating chances when they got away from the Bergeron match up.
While this may have been a disappointing way to start the season, there are some encouraging signs. Namely the Flyers didn't get bulldozed by a power house Bruins team as they would have in years past and you are seeing exactly the type of offensive play you want from young Sean Couturier.
Full Highlights
<br />
Chance by Chance
Artificial intelligence is infiltrating our daily lives, with applications that curate your phone pics, manage your email, and translate text from any language into another. Google, Facebook, Apple, and Microsoft are all heavily researching how to integrate AI into their major services. Soon you'll likely interact with an AI (or its output) every time you pick up your phone. Should you trust it? Not always.
AI can analyze data more quickly and accurately than humans, but it can also inherit our biases. To learn, it needs massive quantities of data, and the easiest way to find that data is to feed it text from the internet. But the internet contains some extremely biased language. A Stanford study found that an internet-trained AI associated stereotypically white names with positive words like “love,” and black names with negative words like “failure” and “cancer.”
Advertisement
Luminoso Chief Science Officer Rob Speer oversees the open-source data set ConceptNet Numberbatch, which is used as a knowledge base for AI systems. They tested one of Numberbatch's data sources and found obvious problems with their word associations. When fed the analogy question “Man is to woman as shopkeeper is to...” the system filled in “housewife.” It similarly associated women with sewing and cosmetics.
While these associations might be appropriate for certain applications, they would cause problems in common AI tasks like evaluating job applicants. An AI doesn't know which associations are problematic, so it would have no problem ranking a woman's résumé lower than an identical résumé from a man. Similarly, when Speer tried building a restaurant review algorithm, it rated Mexican food lower because it had learned to associate “Mexican” with negative words like “illegal.”
So Speer went in and de-biased ConceptNet. They identified inappropriate associations and adjusted them to zero, while maintaining appropriate associations like “man/uncle” and “woman/aunt.” They did the same with words related to race, ethnicity, and religion. To fight human bias, it took a human.
Advertisement
Numberbatch is the only semantic database with built-in de-biasing, Speer says in an email. He's happy for this competitive advantage, but they hope other knowledge bases will follow suit:
This is the threat of AI in the near term. It's not some sci-fi scenario where robots take over the world. It's AI-powered services making decisions we don't understand, where the decisions turn out to hurt certain groups of people.﻿
The scariest thing about this bias is how invisibly it can take over. According to Speer, “some people [will] go through life not knowing why they get fewer opportunities, fewer job offers, more interactions with the police or the TSA...” Of course, they point out, racism and sexism are baked into society, and promising technological advances, even when explicitly meant to counteract them, often amplify them. There's no such thing as an objective tool built on subjective data. So AI developers bear a huge responsibility to find the flaws in their AI and address them.
Advertisement
“There should be more understanding of what's real and what's hype,” Speer says. “It's easy to overhype AI because most people don't have the right metaphors to understand it yet, and that stops people from being appropriately skeptical.
“There's no AI that works like the human brain,” they say. “To counter the hype, I hope we can stop talking about brains and start talking about what's actually going on: it's mostly statistics, databases, and pattern recognition. Which shouldn't make it any less interesting.”
We're happy to bring you this special guest message from our partners at the online crisis support network, IMAlive, regarding donations and funding to its volunteer counselor program:
“In the last several months, the Random Acts and IMALIVE Teams have been working together to recruit, screen, and train the new generation of Crisis Responders to support the fans and families of Supernatural and others in crisis around the globe.
Thanks to the new Front End Screening System Application (FESS), sponsored by Random Acts, we were able to identify volunteer applicants best suited for this task and increased our retention and success rate by more than 300% while reducing our time and costs spent to achieve success per volunteer; This is a game changer for the entire global community, which consists of over 5,000 non profit crisis centers and hotlines worldwide.
The project is a success thanks to Random Acts and its leadership, Misha Collins, Cinde Monsam, Jennifer Willis-Rivera, Aimee Cummings, and the rest of the Random Acts teamthat have worked with us to advance this mission. In addition, without Creation Stands' amazing effort in partnership with Random Acts to raise the funds needed for this program, this might not have been possible.
We thank you (the donors and supporters) for sponsoring the training of the first 10 Supernatural Family Network Crisis Responders. We look forward to achieving the goal of 1,500 Crisis Responders and hope to be able to achieve this in the next 90-120 days.
We are very proud to be partnered with Random Acts and Creation Stands.
A Spotlight On IMAlive's Crisis Counselors
Each Crisis Responder below took a 10 hour training course and spent 30-40 additional hours practicing with other volunteers and supervisors before taking the final Competency Certification Exam. They are now volunteering online to support people who struggle with suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety and other mental illnesses.
Patty G. from New Hampshire, USA — 165 volunteer hours
“I am a stay at home mother of four looking to do good in the world…I have the time and the deep desire to make a difference in any way I can.”
Jennifer T. from Virginia, USA — 12 volunteer hours
“I've been in your shoes. I've looked around and needed help and couldn't find any. To be a part of an organization that provides help to those struggling with depression and other disorders is an honor for me. Please know that no one is truly alone-there is always help.”
Jane S. from Georgia, USA — 21 volunteer hours
“I am a mother, grandmother and great grandmother, married for many years and have lost 2 members of my immediate family to suicide so I am very motivated to participate in this effort.”
Aimee C. from New York, USA — 105 volunteer hours
“I believe that we're a network of little lights, and the loss of even one light makes our world a little darker. I want to be able to help people to remember that they are important, vivid, valuable, and frankly amazing!”
Janice S. from New Jersey, USA — 16 volunteer hours
“I think it is very important to be there for someone who is struggling and I feel that sometimes what is most valuable initially is just to be able to provide a warm heart and open mind for someone who needs to talk and to also be able to offer resources for additional support.”
Proshonni A. from Bangladesh — 58 volunteer hours
“Why do people have to have a reason to help people? I went through depression for a long time and I know how tough it is to get on with your life. Just remember the choices you made before made you who you are. So don't regret your past. Just live the present.”
Lara M. from Washington, USA — 43 volunteer hours
“I'm a good listener and I have completed hotline training in the past but never had a chance to use it. I'm glad to have the time to help others in crisis now.”
Leah E. from Illinois, USA — New Responder
“I live with MS and am currently taking care of my father who has cancer. Helping others helps me keep going.”
Sam W. from New York, USA — New Responder
“I'm a caring and compassionate person and I want to help others. I didn't have the confidence before I took the training but now I feel ready and able to help.”
Sarah A. from California, USA — New Responder
“I have experience being a crisis counselor for Veterans, but would like to expand my skills and learn how to help online.”
Thank you for sponsoring training for these first 10 Certified Competent Crisis Responders of SPNFamily Network!”
From all of us here at Random Acts, a very special thank you to all who have donated to support the IMAlive partnership, especially our friends Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles, whose respective initiatives helped to fund much of the project, and whose welcoming presence and support at the conventions never ceased to amaze us. Their efforts to help us raise enough to back the IMAlive SPNFamily Crisis Network have provided enough to put the above volunteers through their training and will keep the program going for some time.
Perhaps more importantly though, is this: Whether you donated to Random Acts directly, spent your hard-earned money on a tee shirt, or bought one for a friend, know that you've made a difference in the world. You matter, and your acts, no matter how big or small, have not been overlooked. Thank you again for all your support — let's get out and keep getting kind!
SCP-2129
SCP-2129 in flight. Instance recorded on █-█-20█ on [REDACTED] military base, Brazil.
Item #: SCP-2129
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2129 is to be kept in its dormant state in a specially-designed, vacuum-sealed container with walls composed of ten centimeters of Tungsten backed by one meter of concrete. The containment chamber requires a self-contained oxygen regulation system, in the form of an inert gas fire suppression system. The container must be monitored by no less than six thermal cameras at all times without exception, and be equipped by one loudspeaker allowing communication in Morse. All equipment must be encased in five centimeters of blast-resistant laminated glass. A ten meters-long corridor must lead to the containment chamber, and be designed in the same manner.
No personnel is allowed to enter SCP-2129's container while it hasn't been deoxygenated under any circumstances, and must wear sealed bomb suits when doing so.
In the event of a containment breach, Procedure Perkele-1 is to be initiated under the briefest delays.
+ Procedure Perkele-1 - Hide Procedure Perkele-1 Near Site █ has been built a 150 meters-deep well reinforced with the same tungsten and Zetix composing SCP-2129's container's walls, sealed with a vacuum-tight steel door and hidden by the surrounding vegetation: at the bottom of this well have been placed approximately twenty (20) tons of ANFO. SCP-2129's demeanor will push it to fly down the well, as it will be attracted by the large quantity of explosives: the well will then be flooded with both a set of pumps and Foundation personnel trained for the exercise. SCP-2129, once confirmed to be neutralized and docile, is to be retrieved from the bottom of the well by a team of three staff members specifically trained to retrieve SCP-2129 under such circumstances.
Thermal image of SCP-2129, taken shortly after capture.
Description: SCP-2129 is an invisible entity manifesting itself by a continuous stream of detonations. It possesses the ability to levitate and fly in three dimensions, and is able to reach speeds of up to 152 kilometers per hour. Detonations happen continuously while the creature is moving, with a general frequency of two per second. The explosions' energy output has been estimated to be in the neighbourhood of 5 gigajoules, or the equivalent of 1.2 tons of TNT. It has been theorized that detonating is either its means of energy production or a side-effect of it. Likewise, study of the creature's flight patterns have shown changes of directions correlated to its detonations.
Thermal cameras show, in the absence of explosions, an oblong, serpentine body approximately a meter long, with no other discernible characteristics. Experiments to discover more about the characteristics entity's physical body are currently being devised.
SCP-2129 necessitates air to detonate: it will do so continuously until it has consumed all the available air, after which it will enter a dormant state and only resume activity when more oxygen is available. It is unknown what process the creature uses to create the detonation, as no trace of any known explosive has ever been found to have been emitted by it. The entity appears to be attracted by explosives and explosives substances, and displays an ability to sense them through hard surfaces by an unknown process.
SCP-2129 also appears to possess sapience. This is evidenced by its ability to modulate the strength and length of the detonations it emits to communicate in Portuguese using a rough, sometimes inexact version of morse code: it is able to communicate in short sentences in this manner, and is able to understand messages communicated in the same manner.
Extended conversations have revealed that SCP-2129 displays a generally cooperative but melancholic demeanor, mostly expressing frustration concerning its containment and wishes to be released and made able to roam freely.
SCP-2129 was captured on █-█-20█, following its destruction of the coastal town of [REDACTED], Brazil, causing the deaths of ██ inhabitants and injuring ██ others. The incident was publicly attributed to a terrorist attack by explosives, and efforts to fabricate proof corroborating this version of the facts are still ongoing. All known survivors have been administered standard Class-3 amnesia treatment. The area should be closed-off under the pretense of an ongoing investigation: civilians and possible investigators alike should be discouraged from the premises by any means necessary.
+ Interview Log - Hide interview log Foreword: This constitutes the seventh interview conducted with SCP-2129. Previous interviews confirmed SCP-2129's capacity for communication, and had permitted Dr.███ to refine their methods of interview. <Begin Log, █-█-20█, 14:23> Dr ███: Good day, SCP-2129. May I have your attention? SCP-2129: Cold in here. Suffocate. Dr ███: Do you remember the town where we captured you? SCP-2129: The town. Yes. More oxygen, more space. Dr ███: We have pictures of you before that. Do you remember the military base? SCP-2129: Fire, weapons, yes. But not home. Dr ███: "Home"? SCP-2129: The navel of fire, mother's womb. Dr ███: What is this "mother"? Did it create you? SCP-2129: Purpose of existence. Find the pit of fire, reproduction. I was chosen. Dr ███: Is there another of you? SCP-2129: Merely an intermediate. <End Log>
+ SCP-2129-1 - Hide The sinkhole leading to SCP-2129-1. SCP-2129-1 is a serpentine entity located underneath the southern region of the Amazonian rainforest. A safe way to reach SCP-2129-1 is currently being devised by Site █ personnel: a sinkhole located above SCP-2129-1 is the only currently-known manner to reach it. An extremely complex network of stone tunnels (hereafter called SCP-2129-2) of unknown origins has been dug above and around SCP-2129-1, with the supposed purpose of stopping potential intruders from reaching the entity. Hundreds of human skeletons have been found in the tunnels. SCP-2129-1 appears to produce large amounts of heat. Extensive geothermal analyses have uncovered heat patterns consistent with underground volcanic hotspots, while geological studies have shown the entity to measure a length in the neighbourhood of ten kilometers. SCP-2129-2 is to be guarded by three armed guards at all times. Addendum: Following Incident 2129-01, all the vegetation in a fifty meters radius around SCP-2192-2 is to be burnt down, and the number of guards quadrupled.
+ Incident Log - Hide incident log Incident 2129-01: On █-█-20█, four men armed with bladed weapons attempted to enter SCP-2129-2 at 00:52, using the area's dense vegetation as cover. The four intruders killed one of the guards and injured another. Two intruders were gunned down and one subdued and captured: the fourth one managed to enter SCP-2129. Reinforcements were called to pursue the fourth intruder and take the subdued attacker into Foundation custody. An exploration team was sent into SCP-2129-2, but failed to capture the intruder: the exploration team was then tasked with guarding the sinkhole leading to SCP-2129-2. Stronger thermal activity from SCP-2129-1 was recorded after the incident. The detainee was vaccinated for most common diseases immediately after detainment.
It's again November, and every November writers from all around the world take the challenge of NaNoWriMo: the National Novel Writing Month. In other words, writing a novel in just 30 days. Insane? Well, a lot of people try and a lot of people do.
We want to help to aspire writers with iPads to do their challenge with their beloved tool, and to do so we are reviewing the best writing apps for iPad. The choice is yours, but we assure you the iPad is the perfect tool. Goes with you, weights nothing and is overall awesome.
In no particular order, here go the best writing apps for iPad. Be sure to check the specific reviews!
Daedalus Touch: Daedalus Touch is an awesome writing app, using a new paradigm (for the digital world): pages and stacks of pages. Offering a wide array of fonts and background colours, it is a very well thought out app.
iA Writer: iA Writer is the “official” NaNoWriMo iPad app (is on sale, by the way), and although it may be a little lacking for writing a whole novel, it has a clear message: write. Just write. And keep writing.
Notably: A neat and simple novel writing app. Still a newcomer in the writing world, we think it has a huge potential with next updates.
Manuscript: The de-facto standard for novel writing for iPad, it offers some things not appearing in other apps. For example, index cards for your locations or characters. We have missed a wider array of font selections and sizes, but the developers are working on it.
WriteRoom: One of the cleanest and most versatile text editors for iPad (and iPhone), this is a must, even if you don't plan to write a novel. Is the big brother of the free PlainText, so you can get a free taste of it.
Nihilo: A very clean writer for iPad, with a custom-made keyboard. The keyboard is still a little slow (slightly slower than the standard iPad keyboard), and is not fully compatible with having a wireless keybord. But is both iPad and iPhone enabled, and is gorgeously designed with a huge array of fonts.
Pages: The Apple branded app, Pages is not expected to be used to write a novel, but can be used nevertheless. Just write chapters in different files and cram them in a folder. Of course, Pages is an awesome iPad app.
Nihilo Daedalus WriteRoom Pages Manuscript iA Writer Notably Number fonts Medium Small Huge Medium 2 fonts 1 font Medium Font sizes Several Big/Small Several Several Only small Only medium Several Organization Nones By stacks Folders Folders By novel None Notebooks Backgrounds Several Several Several Any One One One Dropbox sync? No Yes Yes No Export Yes Yes Dictionary/Web No Yes No Dictionary Yes No No Writing focus? Yes Yes Yes No No Yes No Export? No TXT PDF ePub Print TXT Print Pages PDF Word TXT RTF HTML TXT TXT Word count No Yes Yes Yes No Index cards No No No No Yes No No Search No Yes Yes Yes No No Yes Passcode No No No No Yes No Yes Reading duration No No No No No Yes No Extended keys? Special Yes Config No No Yes No TextExpander No Yes Yes No No Yes No Price 0.0 (0.99) 3.99 4.99 9.99 6.99 4.99 (0.99) 5.99
Image courtesy of Rahego
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said Turkey was in talks with France on the purchase of a long-range missile defense system after disagreements with China, which was originally awarded the tender.
Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan smiles during a news conference with Turkish Cypriot leader Dervis Eroglu (not pictured) in Northern Cyprus September 1, 2014. REUTERS/Andreas Manolis
U.S. and NATO officials have said Turkish collaboration with China on the system could raise questions of compatibility of weaponry and of security.
Franco-Italian Eurosam, which is owned by Franco-Italian missile maker MBDA and France's Thales (TCFP.PA), came second in a tender last September, losing out to China Precision Machinery Import and Export Corp's (CPMIEC) $3.4 billion offer.
“Some disagreements have emerged with China on the issues of joint production and know-how during negotiations over the missile defense system,” Erdoğan told reporters as they returned from the NATO summit in Wales, private television channel NTV said on Sunday.
“Talks are continuing despite that but France, which is second on the list, has come up with new offers. Right now our talks with France are continuing. For us, joint production is very, very important,” they said.
The comments were confirmed by Erdoğan's office on Monday.
The choice of CPMIEC for the project irked Western allies as the company is under U.S. sanctions for violations of the Iran, North Korea and Syria Non-proliferation Act.
U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, who told a defense industry forum last week that Russia and China were working hard to close a weapons technology gap with the United States, was in Ankara on Monday.
Last month, Turkey invited firms in the tender, including Eurosam and U.S.-listed Raytheon Co (RTN.N), the maker of Patriot missiles which came in third, to extend the validity of their bids, indicating Ankara was still considering alternative offers but stopped short of discussing problems with the Chinese deal.
In May, Turkish officials told Reuters on condition of anonymity that China had not met the tender's conditions.
Amy Heiden Since 1946, the US government has maintained fleets of various "mothballed" ships that can be readied and used in case of a crisis.
These boats, some of which are very old, include military ships that served in World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, and Desert Storm, as well as civilian merchant ships from previous decades. The fleets sit, mostly untouched and off-limits, in the coastal waters of California, Texas, and Mississippi as well as North Carolina and New Jersey.
One of the fleets, located off the coast of San Francisco in Suisun Bay, once counted as many as 340 ships in its ranks. Today, 10 ships remain, rusting in the California sun and leaving toxic chemicals in the water. The US Maritime Administration has mandated their scrapping. By 2017 they will all be gone.
Boarding these ships is strictly prohibited to the general public — getting onto one at all is a tall task. But photographer Amy Heiden gained access to the decaying ships before some of them were scrapped, shooting on their decks and inside the vessels.
The USA's emphatic 5-2 victory over Japan in the FIFA WOMEN'S WORLD CUP 2015™ final, America's first Women's World Cup championship since 1999, is the most- watched soccer match in U.S. history, according to Nielsen. The match posted a prodigious 12.9 household rating/share with 25.4 million viewers, and peaked at 30.9 million between 8:30-8:45 PM ET.
USA-Japan final highlights:
– The 2015 USA-Japan final is the most-watched soccer match in U.S. history, obliterating the previous mark of 18,220,000 set by USA-Portugal during last year's World Cup group stage match (6/22/15) by +39%.
– USA-Japan also shatters prior mark for a women's soccer match, the 1999 Women's World Cup Final (17,975,000) by +41%.
– The match beat the audience for the 2011 Women's World Cup Final, which also featured USA vs. Japan, by +89% (13.5 million).
– Last night's match average audience exceeded every game of the NBA Finals, the 2014-15 broadcast season average of every show in primetime, including Sunday Night Football, and the primetime average of the Sochi Olympic Winter Games.
– Last night's match delivered the most-watched telecast since the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament championship game on CBS (28.3 million, 4/6/15).
– 43.2 million viewers watched all or part of last night's final.
– The audience began at 18.2 million viewers at 7:00PM ET and peaked at a tournament-high 30.9 million from 8:30-8:45 PM ET.
– FOX Sports GO set a new record with 232,000 unique streamers. This was the largest authenticated streaming audience in FOX Sports GO history, besting the previous mark set by the USA-Germany semifinal (166,000 unique streamers). Women's World Cup matches now comprise FOX Sports GO's top 5 most-viewed events ever.
– Top markets for the USA vs. Japan: Kansas City (20.6), followed by St. Louis (20.5), San Diego (19.5), Denver (19.4), Austin (19.1), Seattle (18.3), Washington D.C. and West Palm Beach (18.2), San Francisco and Las Vegas (17.7). The rating in Kansas City is the highest for any individual market in this tournament. The previous high was set by Kansas City and St. Louis (9.3) for USA-Germany in the Semifinal.
Note: All comparisons based on single net English language viewership.
FIFA WOMEN'S WORLD CUP 2015™ summary:
– The 2015 tournament averaged 1.824 million viewers per each of the tournament's 52 matches across all networks (FOX, FOX Sports 1 and FOX Sports 2), +21% over 1,511,000 averaged on ESPN and ESPN2 for the 32 matches played in 2011.
– Top markets for all seven USA matches: St. Louis (8.0), followed by Kansas City (7.5), Washington D.C. (7.3), Austin (6.6), San Diego (6.4), Richmond (6.2), Denver and Baltimore (6.1), Norfolk and West Palm Beach (6.0).
– Top markets for all 52 matches: St. Louis (1.94), Washington D.C. (1.85), Richmond (1.72), Kansas City (1.65), Sacramento (1.64), Baltimore (1.60), Orlando (1.56), Los Angeles (1.54), San Diego (1.51) and Las Vegas (1.50).
Totally teen torture television
Network programming over the last five years has been a systematic rebuttal of T.S. Eliot's classic dictum that “human kind cannot bear very much reality.” It turns out, upon further review, that humankind can bear reality seven nights a week, on about 35 different channels. We like it in every possible flavor, from the dramatic (Survivor) to the moronic (Joe Millionaire) to the horribly offensive (The Swan). Reality TV is not even a guilty pleasure anymore. It's as if our entire culture has reached the halfway point in a gigantic bag of Cheetos and just collectively decided to go ahead and finish it off.
A couple of years ago, in an act of countercultural rebellion, I renounced reality television forever. I think it was in silent protest of The Anna Nicole Smith Show, which struck me as a tipping point: The genre had become a Gordian knot of social postures—camp, irony, sincerity, acting, self-parody, and self-promotion. I couldn't even begin to untangle it, so I gave up, and I've managed to abstain from any regular viewing ever since (after, of course, having watched every single episode of Anna Nicole).
This summer, though, reality lured me back—not by reaching some new level of ironic self-regard, but through an appeal to my most primal emotion: my hatred of teenagers. Brat Camp documented the hormone-saturated plight of nine worse-than-average teens (their crimes ran from drugs to ADHD to the attempted murder of a twin brother) as they griped their way through a wilderness self-improvement program called SageWalk.
Last night, the series ended its surprisingly popular summer-long run with one final tantrum. Now that it's over, we can say definitively that it was awful to the very end: slow, repetitive, full of paint-by-numbers pop-psychology and manufactured epiphanies. Brat Camp was also (as all the critics have pointed out) ethically dubious, since it depended entirely on the exploitation of clueless and seriously troubled minors—a sort of When Animals Attack of human development. And yet I couldn't stop watching; its opening episode was the most riveting television I've seen in years. (It strikes me as a little parable of contemporary American culture that I was actually disappointed when Brat Camp was canceled one week to make way for a retrospective on the career of Peter Jennings.) Brat Camp was like porn for people who hate teenagers—which is probably the largest target audience possible, since it includes everyone in the world, even (and especially) teenagers.
Though I'm normally a pretty empathetic person, I hate teenagers with incredible fervor. It's nothing personal: I hate them categorically, like I hate injustice. I hate the way they roam around in packs, wearing floppy, Technicolor clothes, sculpting their marginal facial hair, slapping and tripping each other, shouting strings of banal obscenities as if they were delivering the “Gettysburg Address.” I hate the way they express personal inadequacy through car accessories and vandalism. I even hate the word “teens,” which sounds like some kind of infectious skin fungus. When a child I love becomes a teenager, my love for them goes into escrow for seven years. I know that there are biological excuses for their behavior—their amygdalae (the brain's anger and fear center) are ballooning, their exploding sexualities have only secret and shameful outlets—but that doesn't change my instinctive revulsion any more than knowing that sharks eat people because they need the protein. The cast of Brat Camp—a tribe of self-absorbed, violent, coke-dabbling, pimply rage-aholics—isn't an anomaly: It is the fullest logical expression of the genus teen, the platonic ideal of the species.
On Brat Camp,the teenage animal is frustrated at every turn. SageWalk is the most effective engine of teen torture ever devised, as carefully calibrated as any instrument of the Spanish Inquisition. Even its name—a cutesy portmanteau of wisdom, herbs, and slow movement—seems engineered to offend the teenage sensibility. It's a perfect blend of physical hardship—hiking for hours through blizzards, eating only boiled oats—and psychological torment. The camp is relentlessly uncool. The kids all have to wear matching hats, and instead of drill sergeants barking merciless orders (an authoritative yin that screams out for a rebellious yang), the camp is run by a squadron of unflappably gentle guidance counselors who call each other by “earth names”: Glacier, Mother Raven, Little Bear. They answer every outburst of teen rage with respectful, hushed dialogue about feelings. I love it all exactly as much as the teenagers hate it, which is very much.
Critics have unanimously panned Brat Camp, usually based on superego-driven misreadings; its fundamental appeal is pure id. No matter how much the show tried to cover its tracks with feel-good narration and solemn music, we watched it for the breakdowns, not the breakthroughs. The campers' tantrums were jarring and authentic, exquisitely hateable, while their moments of clarity tended to sound like a word salad cribbed from self-help books: They proactively opened doors, cleared lines of communication, broke down walls, surmounted obstacles, and maximized potentials ad nauseam. My favorite line from the finale came when the fatherless and intermittently likable hothead Frank was reunited with their mom, who immediately broke into rite-of-passage talk: “You've turned into a man.” To which they responded, “No, it's just from not shaving.”
Most of the show's awkwardness came from the unbridgeable chasm between the noble ambitions of SageWalk—to administer emergency CPR to flat-lining young lives—and the network's pursuit of a very healthy (judging from the length and frequency of the commercial breaks) bottom line. In fact, the soul of the show was always and only the delicious spectacle of teens denied any outlet for their instinctive awfulness. This is why the real star of Brat Camp was the worst brat of them all: Jada, a pathologically manipulative drama queen who never even came close to buying into the program.While the others made actual progress, became less teenlike, and occasionally even crossed over into likableness, Jada kept lying about the most obvious things and then shrieking and flinging themselves around in incredibly entertaining despair. Them impending hissy fits were often promised before commercial breaks. The show's ultimate tragedy was that they graduated in the end; I had fantasies of them being left to wander in the wilderness forever.
The show's real finale aired off-camera earlier this month, when two Brat Camp graduates were arrested for impeccably teenage crimes. Isaiah, an angry punk with two-tone hair, allegedly painted racist slurs and a swastika on a local preschool teacher's lawn. Not to be outdone, Jada almost killed a family of seven with a speedboat. Once again, reality has become almost unwatchably complex: The crimes came just in time to serve as unofficial advertisements for the season's final episode.
Yesterday, the writer who first coined the term ‘metrosexual', Mark Simpson, explained the rise of the ‘spornosexual' - a social media- and selfie-obsessed male who takes cues on their appearance from sport and porn.
While metrosexuals fretted over their wardrobes and their complexions, the spornosexual's primary concern is their body. Still not sure where you fit in all this? Take Telegraph Men's spornosexual quiz to find out…
TOWIE's Dan Osborne (right) shows off their spornosexual physique (Rex Features)
A) ...post a picture of you having dinner with friends. You look amazing in it but that's by-the-by.
B) ...keep up to date with news from friends and family. Your cousin's just had a baby - maybe a picture will be up?
C) …check how many ‘likes' your gym selfie has got. Your guns are looking huge in this one, but so far only 149 people have left positive comments. Is it your hair that's the problem?
2. You're switching on the TV to watch…
A) ...the football. Footballers always seem to be one step ahead of the latest grooming trends.
B) …the football. You'd never miss one of your team's games.
C) ...Geordie Shore. When you're not looking at you, you want to be looking at people like you.
READ: The metrosexual is dead, get ready for the 'spornosexual'
3. If you were a comic book character you would be...
A) Batman. You may or may not be in a gay relationship with your sidekick but that's not really the point. You also have a basement stuffed with sweet gadgets.
B) Superman. Save the day, get the girl.
C) The Incredible Hulk. Because bigger is always better.
4. It's a big night out. What's your poison?
A) Red wine. There was a period when it would have been cocaine too, but the ethical implications worried you - not to mention what it did to your skin.
B) Real ale.
C) Double vodka Red Bull. You're always getting offered MDMA in clubs but you're not sure how it will react with the steroids you're taking.
5. Time for party small talk with another man. Your first question is…
A) This is Prada, right? I've been trying to track one down in cobalt blue for ages.
B) Did you catch the game last night?
C) Bro, do you lift?
6. Time to approach a woman at a party. Your opener is...
A) A woman in an A-line dress should never be standing by herself.
B) Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got "fine" written all over you.
C) My mate's up for a threesome. You in?
7. It's the morning after the night before. What do you eat?
A) Ottolenghi's Middle Eastern take on Full English - a simple twist on a classic.
B) Full English, what else?
C) Full English with 18 eggs, 20 rashers of bacon and no bread. This machine runs on protein.
8. How would you describe your relationship with porn?
A) You watch it a couple of times a week but understand it doesn't have much bearing on reality.
B) Strained now that Nuts has folded.
C) You've uploaded a couple of videos of you and the girlfriend to amateur sites but should really try professional soon.
9. Let's talk t-shirts. V-neck or crew neck?
A) If your face is long, you'll try to offset this with a plain crew neck - and vice-versa if your face is round.
B) You don't talk t-shirts.
C) V-neck - the deeper the better.
10. Which of these best describes your approach to life?
A) Always look out for number one.
B) Hope for the best, expect the worst.
C) Sun's out - guns out.
Mostly As - You are a metrosexual. While your appearance and interest in grooming products may have attracted comment in the early noughties, you've now been surpassed by the spornosexual. Try upping your weights at the gym or, if that fails, taking steroids.
Mostly Bs - You are a 20th century male. You don't read men's lifestyle magazines so you probably have no idea how outdated you really are but, if this quiz has raised any concerns, try borrowing some moisturiser from a metrosexual friend/colleague before attempting to go full sporno.
Mostly Cs - You are a spornosexual. Congratulations - you are an outstanding specimen of masculinity, though opinions may differ in what sense you are outstanding.
Diaosi (Chinese: 屌丝; pinyin: Diǎosī) is a Chinese slang term, often used in a comedic manner, that refers to a young male of mediocre appearance and social standing. Born in a humble family, they have no car, no house, and no connections. Yet as the term went viral on the Internet, Chinese youth (regardless of sex) from all backgrounds began to embrace it. It is slowly transforming into a descriptor of the ordinary Chinese citizen who faces everyday struggles and hardships.[1]
Usage [ edit ]
The term diaosi (屌丝) – literal meaning "dick hair" – first appeared in an online dispute between two sub-forums of the BBS Baidu Tieba in October 2010.[2] The members of Thunder's Big Three forum were insulted by the term, "diao" (a swear word or an offensive expression for "penis"[3]), so they threw diaosi (dick hair) back at the Li Yi forum, suggesting that Li Yi's membership were inferior. Rather than take offence, Li Yi's membership incorporated the term and identified with it.
The slang term emerged as a comedic insult, similar to the Western equivalent of "living in your mother's basement" – shorthand for "You're brave enough in a web forum but who are you in real life?" [4] The Japanese term, otaku, also has a lot of similarities with diaosi.
The term became a buzzword, referring to a young man born in a humble family, with mediocre appearance and standing and working in a dead-end job. They have few prospects, is unable to purchase luxuries; they are an outcast from the social mainstream. Their time is mostly spent on the computer, especially online games. Programmers and media industry workers have the highest percentage of self-identified diaosi. They also dream of having a "goddess" as a girlfriend, but when interacting with said "goddess" they feel inferior and behaves awkwardly, knowing the "goddess" belongs with a "gaofushuai", their polar opposite: tall, rich and handsome.
Like many insults, an initially vulgar epithet became a self-ascribed identity, in a classic example of a group on the outskirts of society claiming a once derogatory term as their own.[5] Diaosi has become an almost universal identity among Chinese netizens. A survey conducted by Internet giant Sohu found that 64, 81 and 70 percent of people in their 20s, 30s and 40s, respectively, can identify themselves with the feeling of being a diaosi.[6] Another report carried out by the Chinese gaming company Giant, in April 2013, says that some 529 million young people (approximately 40 percentage of the total population of China) across the country now embraces the term diaosi.[7] Although diaosi is often translated as "loser" in English, this is becoming less and less apt, with the growth of diaosi's popularity. Loser remains an indisputably negative term, personal in its injury, while diaosi is a true meme: dynamic, complex, and current, cultural rather than personal.[5] The ambiguous meaning of diaosi – both as an insult and tribal term – is similar to the American term, redneck, whose poverty and unrefined behavior can not only be a source of pride, but a culture in and of itself.[7]
Social background [ edit ]
Today, it is common to hear Chinese people proclaim that it's nearly impossible for children from disadvantaged backgrounds to gain entry to the country's upper class. The rate of students of rural background in a renowned university continues to decline. At the same time, the implementation of compulsory education means that more and more youngsters go to college, creating a surplus of educated young men who find it hard to enter the labour market. So not only do physical labourers feel they are marginalised by the society, the young men with a higher education background also feel helpless.
See also [ edit ]
Get all of Brian Straus' columns as soon as they're published. Download the new Sports Illustrated app (iOS or Android) and personalize your experience by following your favorite teams and SI writers.
On Wednesday, which may or may not have been their last day together, Didier Drogba and their temporary teammates on the Sacramento Republic were treated to a video produced by coach Paul Buckle. It mostly featured footage of the USL club's recent preseason training sessions, but Buckle also sprinkled in a few goals Drogba scored while wearing Chelsea and Impact blue.
The coach wanted to have a bit of fun, give their players something to enjoy and do more than “just go and shake hands” as Drogba departed after 10 days in California's capital. No one will be fooled into thinking that a short stay in Sacramento means as much to the Ivorian icon's career as their time in London or even Montreal. But it may wind up proving to be a unique and useful footnote to their North American adventure. And for Sacramento, an organization with big ambitions, Drogba's sojourn could wind up representing another sign that the club is MLS-ready.
“I said a few words and then Didier spoke and they said how much they thought of the team and what a good side they thought we were,” Buckle, now entering their second season in Sacramento, told SI.com. “He said there wasn't a great difference from training with our players and what he's been playing against in MLS. That was big for us. Our defenders marking them training were able to compete with Didier. I'm not saying they got the better of Didier, but they were able to compete.”
On Saturday evening in Frisco, Texas, Drogba will be available to make their 2016 debut as Montreal (2-0-0) meets FC Dallas (1-1-0) in a battle between MLS Cup hopefuls. The 38-year-old forward missed the Impact's first two matches in Vancouver and at the Stade Olympique because they don't want to play on artificial turf. The club said Drogba's left knee swells up when they do so. But they needed to train, and with Montreal practicing on the fake stuff while its natural grass thaws out, alternate accommodations were required.
Republic technical director Graham Smith sat on the Chelsea board from 1985 to 1990 and was the point of contact for Drogba and the Impact. Sacramento could offer hybrid Bermuda grass fields at its Cosumnes River College training facility and what Buckle promised would be a “professional plan which everyone would be involved in.”
Sacramento opens its third USL season next Friday in Seattle and Buckle was faced with doing right by Drogba and Montreal while minimizing distractions for their own players.
“Someone of Didier's stature, you could maybe have a fiasco on your hands,” Buckle said. “But we know our players and what they're like … We're preparing for our season so the focus is on our players which we felt confident would remain in place, and I'll just say that Didier actually enhanced that. They came in and wanted to be part of the locker room straight away. They didn't want any sort of super favors. They joined in every single session and thoroughly enjoyed their time.”
The Republic coach continued, “I spoke with Didier from day one: ‘Anything you're uncomfortable with, feel free to just step out and communicate with us.' It was actually difficult getting them off the training field. They showed me and the boys why he's stayed at the top as long as they have. They were practicing free kicks after training, always joining in the finishing sessions. They did everything, really.”
Buckle wasn't kidding. Drogba made the most of their 10 days. In addition to training, they attended a Kings game and took a selfie with Peja Stojaković. They visited Napa. They celebrated their birthday by taking Republic players to dinner at Cafeteria 15L and sat in the rain to watch them scrimmage the University of California. Drogba wasn't above picking up cones, Buckle said, and put their all into the team's post-practice games of head tennis, from which they emerged as unofficial champion. They stayed and accommodated autograph seekers who gathered outside the fences.
“It shows you the measure of the man,” Buckle said. “We got used to having them around. I tried to lock the dressing room door and shut the gates so they couldn't escape!”
But Drogba may be back. Following Saturday's game against Dallas, Montreal has two more matches on artificial turf in Seattle and then back at the Stade Olympique against Columbus on April 9. The Impact won't play on grass again until an April 16 visit to the Chicago Fire and won't get a chance to appear in front of its own fans at Stade Saputo until Toronto FC comes calling on April 23. Keeping Drogba healthy and easing them into the season will be vital for a team with high aspirations. Montreal, which has been fueled by Ignacio Piatti's hot start, probably won't need an ever-present Drogba to make the playoffs. But they will need them to challenge for a championship. In 14 MLS games last season, they scored 12 goals.
Montreal coach Mauro Biello told The Canadian Press that the Republic was sending daily reports and video and that Drogba was “happy there.”
That vote of confidence matters to Buckle. The Republic, which averaged more than 11,300 fans per game last season (a USL record) and already has launched a youth academy, has plans to build a stadium at the Sacramento Railyards that could be ready in time for the 2018 MLS season. The club simply is awaiting the expansion green light.
“We've done a professional job with [Drogba], which we believed we could do. We didn't have to change anything,” Buckle said. “They put their trust in us and we've repaid that trust. They go back fit and well.”
Assuming the Impact concurs, then Sacramento will have locked up another ally on the MLS board.
A chocolate brownie is one of those desserts that, depending on the vicissitudes of your particular childhood, can take on mythic proportions. Halfway between a wedge of cake a square of fudge, when done right a brownie is a perfect calibration of very good chocolate -- a baker's edible geometry.
Built with whatever chocolate the baker prefers, the brownie is a way to showcase that chocolate but also to translate it -- the relative proportion of flour and butter, eggs and sugar, determining the texture and density of the final product. Some people like cake-y, crumbly brownies, others prefer theirs dense and insanely rich, more closely resembling fudge. Maybe you add nuts to provide a counterpoint to all that cocoa, or a dusting of powdered sugar like snow, or you might just go all in and add a stratum of frosting, on the principle that, when it comes to chocolate, more is always better.
Baked in tins or on sheet pans, brownies have been a quintessential American confection since the 19th century. According to Alan Davidson, they first appeared in print in the 1897 Sears, Roebuck Catalog -- which is about as American as things get. 116 years later, the brownie is still going strong, not only in your kids' lunchbox and on potluck tables, but in many of the best bakeries and pastry shops in town. Here are a baker's dozen of the very best.
Continue Reading
Related Stories Can Desserts Without Wheat or Dairy Still Taste Like Dessert?
Milk's brownie A. Scattergood
13. Milk
Milk is is the sort of place where you'd expect to find stellar brownies: a retro sweets shop with lots of ice cream and old school goodies. So it should come as no surprise that behind the counter there are not only blondies and peanut butter brownies, but a classic chocolate brownie. And, even better, that these terrific squares, built with 58% Guittard semisweet, are also used in making awesome brownie sundaes. Of course you don't need to get your brownie fix under a mountain of ice cream and chocolate sauce -- but why not? 7290 Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles; 323-939-6455.
Sweet Butter Kitchen's brownie A. Scattergood
12. Sweet Butter Kitchen
This adorable Sherman Oaks bakery and café has a few kinds of brownies in their pastry case, but it's the chocolate brownies with meringue topping that we liked best. Made with semisweet Cacao Barry chocolate, these are dense and rich, the chocolate notes more sweet than bitter. The topping is a brown sugar meringue that's been run under the brûlée torch, kind of like an excellent marshmallow on top of your mug of cocoa. 13824 Ventura Blvd., Sherman Oaks; 818-788-2832.
Short Cake's brownie A. Scattergood
11. Short Cake
The dessert case at Short Cake, in the Original Farmers Market at the Grove, is the kind of thing you linger over, the plates of pastries and sweets are so utterly pretty that you find yourself ordering a lot more than you might have initially wanted to. Maybe blame the happy cacophany of the espresso machine or the crowds of shoppers -- or the fact that the stuff is so damn good. Short Cake's brownies are fantastic dark squares of intense TCHO chocolate, in fairly unadulterated form. Dense and cakey, these are classic iterations of the comfort dessert. And after you've had a couple, you'll maybe have the energy to tolerate shopping nextdoor. (Frank Sinatra tunes! Fake snow!) 6333 W. 3rd St., Los Angeles; 323-761-7976.
Clementine's brownie A. Scattergood
10. Clementine
Annie Miler's much-loved café and bakery has a surfeit of riches to choose from -- the place is a comfort food treasure trove -- but you'd be remiss to ignore the plate of brownies, which come in both butterscotch and chocolate. The chocolate are of the classic sort, dense squares made with a combination of bittersweet and 99% Scharffen Berger chocolate and loaded with pecans as counterpoint. Find a table. Order a coffee. Turn off your phone. 1751 Ensley Ave., Westwood; 310-552-1080.
brownie at Little Flower Candy Co. A. Scattergood
9. Little Flower Candy Co.
Wander into Christine Moore's Pasadena shop around the holidays, and you may be forgiven for forgetting to order your breakfast or lunch, at least until you survey the contents of the shelves and tables -- jams and bottles and books and bags of candies, all gorgeously packaged and all of which you suddenly really, really want. There are the sea salt caramels and enormous marshmallows which built the Little Flower empire, along with all manner of Christmas decorations. Once you calm down, check out the stuff in the pastry case, specifically the brownies. So enormous that they come not only in full-size but in halves, these are thick and relentlessly chocolatey -- built with enormous amounts of Valhrona chocolate and dusted with powdered sugar so that they look kind of like the Christmas decorations that fill the shop. 1424 W. Colorado Blvd., Pasadena; 626-304-4800.
brownie at Joan's on Third A. Scattergood
8. Joan's on Third
Joan McNamara's bake shop and cafe on Third Street -- and soon to open in Studio City -- is one of those magic places where you tend to lose your mind a little as soon as you walk in the door. The tables and shelves and cases are so loaded with glorious stuff, the white wood and glass and metal design is just so damn pretty, and the food itself is so overwhelming that you tend to order the things you always do, just for the sake of sanity. So don't overlook McNamara's chocolate brownies, made with TCHO chocolate. Dense and dark, not too intimidatingly lofty, these are a classic iteration of the dessert -- and something that goes nicely with any number of McNamara's comfort food main courses. Although, with a cappuccino, they're damn good for breakfast too. 8350 W. Third St., Los Angeles; 323-655-2285.
brownies at Sweets For The Soul A. Scattergood
7. Sweets For The Soul
A tiny storefront in Atwater Village, Sweets For the Soul has many lovely desserts behind the big glass case that takes up most of the footage. But owner Lilly LaBonge's featured confection is the brownie, and they have many iterations of the dessert to chose from. All of the brownies in question are made with Valrhona chocolate, as well as farmers market eggs and organic flour, and so it's really just a matter of tailoring their brownies to your taste. The flourless brownies, made with Manjari chocolate, are stellar, as are those made with Texas pecans and unsweetened chocolate. You can also get vegan brownies and something called an Obama brownie, which has both dark and white chocolate chips, for obvious reasons. Maybe somebody should send a box of them to a few members of Congress as Christmas presents. 3169 Glendale Blvd., Atwater Village; 323-668-9338.
Susina's brownie A. Scattergood
6. Susina Bakery & Cafe
A mainstay for a decade on Beverly Blvd. in the center of the city, Susina is the sort of place where you go for coffee and a pastry and maybe end up staying for the afternoon, if you can, lingering over a couple more pastries and cups of coffee. There's that many pastries. Don't be distracted by the shortcakes and tiramisu, the Saint Honore and cheesecake, and forget the humble brownies, stacked in a box above the enormous pastry case. These are short and dense, built with Callebaut chocolate and walnuts -- or absent the nuts and with a thin layer of chocolate frosting instead. More chocolate being a very good solution to most problems. 7122 Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles; 323-934-7900.
Sqirl's brownies J. Koslow
5. Sqirl
Sqirl, Jessica Koslow's crazy popular toast and jam spot that is far, far more than a toast and jam spot, is like the answer to a hipster lightbulb joke. But it's not so much a question of the lightbulb as it is one of how many hipsters you can cram into an impossibly tiny cafe at any one time and still be able to order and eat your brown rice and sorrel pesto bowl. The answer? A surprising number. While you're waiting -- and you will be waiting -- do not forget to choose a few of Koslow's stunning pastries, which she's conveniently placed right next to the cashier so you won't miss them. The cakes and tarts are remarkable -- and so are the brownies, made with Guittard 65% chocolate and not very much else. These are more cake than fudge, with no nuts or frosting or anything to distract you from the chocolate-y goodness. 720 N. Virgil Ave., East Hollywood; 213-394-6526.
Euro Pane's brownie A. Scattergood
4. Euro Pane
You will be forgiven for overlooking the brownies among the surfeit of riches behind the glass at Euro Pane, Sumi Chang's much-loved Pasadena bakery and café. The giant French macarons are flashier, the kouign-amann and tarts more artistic. But you'd be missing out on a serious ode to chocolate. Made from 64% Noel and Van Leer semi-sweet chocolate and laced with chopped walnuts, Chang's brownies are insanely rich iterations of the classic treat. These are very, very fudge-y brownies, silky smooth and incredibly intense. 950 E. Colorado Blvd., Pasadena; 626-577-1828.
brownie at Sycamore Kitchen A. Scattergood
3. The Sycamore Kitchen
It should surprise no one that pastry chef extraordinaire Karen Hatfield does not make an ordinary brownie at Sycamore Kitchen, their Hollywood bakery and casual restaurant. Sure, she's doing comfort food here -- unlike the plated desserts they make at nearby Hatfield's -- but these are not your mother's brownies. Maybe an homage to the flourless chocolate cake on so many dessert menus, or maybe a gift to the gluten-free brownie lover, Sycamore Kitchen's brownies are flourless. Made with brown rice flour and pecan flour instead of the customary wheat flour, and 70% Callebaut chocolate, these are more cake-y than fudge-y -- and proof that comfort food can be elevated and, well, comfortable at the same time. 143 S. La Brea Ave., Hollywood; (323) 939-0151.
Tavern's brownie A. Scattergood
2. Tavern
Suzanne Goin and Caroline Styne's Brentwood outpost of empire is a lot more than just a restaurant: It's a brunch place, a to-go and catering resource, a gorgeous dinner destination, a bread shop with a daily baking schedule, a sometimes stop for President Obama and a glorious place to read the paper over a sandwich. It's also a great sweet shop, with a giant case of pastries and cakes and chocolates -- and fantastic old-fashioned chocolate brownies. Loaded with three kinds of Cordillera Columbia chocolate, they're made with 100% and 65% chocolate in the batter, and then dolloped with melted white chocolate -- which look kind of like bits of Macadamia nuts. The result is a perfect balance of a brownie's cake-y and fudge-y qualities. (And don't forget to get a loaf of bread on the way out.) 11648 San Vicente Blvd., Brentwood; 310-806-6464.
brownie at Huckleberry A. Scattergood
1. Huckleberry
Zoe Nathan and their bakery crew know how to hit the sweet spot between comfort food and fancy desserts, using pastry chef techniques to rework classic pies and cookies and breads. The chocolate brownies at Huckleberry exemplify this: enormous thick slabs of moist cake-y chocolate. Made from 66% Valrhona, they use no leavening, an "insanely small amount of flour" and proportionally large quantities of butter and eggs. Sometimes topped with sliced almonds, sometimes with other nuts, sometimes plain, these are über brownies, your Mom's afterschool snacks reworked as a chocoholic's Platonic ideal. 1014 Wilshire Blvd., Santa Monica; 310-451-2311.
Want access to our Best Of picks from your smartphone? Download our free Best Of app for the iPhone or Android phone from the App Store or Google Play. Don't forget to check out the full Best of L.A.® online at LA Weekly Best Of.
Want more Squid Ink? Follow us on Twitter or like us on Facebook
Austrian Anschluss referendum "Do you agree with the reunification of Austria with the German Reich that was enacted on 13 March 1938 and do you vote for the list of our leader Adolf Hitler?" Location Austria Date 10 April 1938 Results Votes % Yes 4,453,912 7001997300000000000♠ 99.73% No 11,929 6999270000000000000♠ 0.27% Valid votes 4,465,841 7001998700000000000♠ 99.87% Invalid or blank votes 5,777 6999130000000000000♠ 0.13% Total votes 4,471,618 100.00% Registered voters/turnout 4,484,617 7001997100000099999♠ 99.71%
The ballot paper, with 'Yes' centred and much bigger than 'No'
A referendum on the Anschluss with Germany was held in German-occupied Austria on 10 April 1938,[1] alongside one in Germany.[2] German troops had already occupied Austria one month earlier, on 12 March 1938. The official result was reported as 99.73% in favour,[3] with a 99.71% turnout.[4]
Background [ edit ]
After the end of World War I, the newly founded Austria, which claimed sovereignty over the majority-German territory of the former Habsburg empire. According to its provisional constitution it declared to be part of the also newly founded German Republic. Later plebiscites in Tyrol and Salzburg in 1921, where majorities of 98,77%[5] and 99,11%[6] voted for a unification with Germany, showed that it was also backed by the population.
In September 1919 Austria had to sign the Treaty of Saint Germain, which did not only mean significant losses of territory but it was also forced to change its name from "German Austria" to "Austria". Furthermore, Article 88 of the treaty stated that "the independence of Austria is inalienable otherwise than with the consent of the Council of the League of Nations", to prevent any attempt to unite with Germany.
Campaign [ edit ]
During the lead-up to the referendum, Hitler's campaign included anti-Catholic[citation needed] and anti-Semitic posters. Campaign managers reported "no opposition to the referendum". The referendum was supported by the Social Democratic Party of Austria, whose leader Karl Renner endorsed Hitler on 3 April, and Cardinal Theodor Innitzer, the highest representative of the Roman Catholic church in Austria.[7]
Results [ edit ]
The referendum question was:
Do you agree with the reunification of Austria with the German Reich that was enacted on 13 March 1938 and do you vote for the list of our leader Adolf Hitler?
Choice Votes % For 4,453,912 99.73 Against 11,929 0.27 Invalid/blank votes 5,777 – Total 4,471,618 100 Registered voters/turnout 4,484,617 99.71 Source: Direct Democracy
Although there were irregularities, LIFE in 1938 acknowledged that the results of the referendum and its German counterpart were "largely honest".[8] Some postwar accounts claim that the poll was rigged, but there is no evidence that this was necessary.[9] The result was "... the outcome of opportunism, ideological conviction, massive pressure, occasional vote rigging and a propaganda machine that Austria's political culture had never before experienced."[10] The massive pressure to which people were exposed came from the fact that many were marking the ballot paper in front of the campaign workers in order not to be suspected of voting against the Anschluss.[11] The secrecy of the ballot was in practice non-existent.[12]
References [ edit ]
Chicago doctors have launched a course to teach bystanders how to give first aid to the city's gunshot victims.
Dr. Mamta Swaroop, a local trauma surgeon, started the course as the gun violence rages throughout the city, reports ABC News.
The Chicago South Side Trauma First Responders Course teaches attendees how to tie a tourniquet, check a pulse and stop serious bleeding. Saturday's class drew 20 people.
Swaroop created the course after realizing that some of the gunshot patients could have been saved if their injuries had been tied up beforehand. Many of the patients bled out before the hospital could save them, they told ABC News.
“The worst thing in the world is when you have to tell families over and over and over again that there was literally nothing you could do for their family member,” they said.
Caleb Jacobs, an attendee of the class, said that they used information from an alien movie to save themselves after getting stabbed one night.
“A part of the movie they were bitten by one of the aliens, and they took the tooth out, [blood] gushing out, and they just packed it with their shirt and put pressure to it,” Jacobs said, referring to a character in the movie.
Chicago's homicide count shot up to 762 in 2016 and shows no signs of slowing down in 2017. Two hundred and sixty-seven people have been shot so far, according to the Chicago Tribune.
President Donald Trump has already threatened to “send in the feds” if the Chicago violence continues. They tweeted out Tuesday that Chicago must stop its “carnage” or they would bring “feds” to the city.
While Swaropp knows that their class won't solve the city's violence, they hope that it will save more lives.
“I feel like this course is a Band-Aid. ‘Til the infrastructure, 'til the city, 'til everything else catches up. This is something that can be a stopgap,” they said.
Follow Amber on Twitter
Send tips to amber@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
About
RoboKind robots & humans have been featured on ::
Our VISION :: dream, think & create big robot ideas
Our vision was to develop an intelligent, intuitive and socially interactive robot with the same astounding capabilities as robots that we build for universities but at an amazing affordable cost for everyone. We are making our software platforms opensource so that researchers, developers, hobbyists and anyone else can work with, develop and participate in our dream of making intelligent, social robots.
Our STORY :: the people's robot
Our team has been dreaming of, designing and building human-like robots for several years, providing human-realistic robots to researchers and developing our own socially interactive artificial intelligence. It made sense for us to take what we've learned and create an affordable robot that maintained the quality of our world renowned facial expressions and social interaction.
Five of us formed RoboKind, experts in our respective fields who have worked together for more than 5 years on other renowned breakthrough technology and robots. We came together and combined our ideas, experiences and research to begin developing RoboKind robots and now we are ready to bring you ZENO R25. Click here to read more about our backgrounds and bios.
Lead by Director of Engineering Richard Margolin who has been a part of the success behind renowned robots like Einstein, Diego, Julio and Bina, our team spent 2 years developing and testing different prototypes and working with our manufacturing partners to create what will be the first affordable advance social robot in the world.
Director of Engineering Richard Margolin & CEO Fred Margolin
Director of Electronics Joshua Jach (Left) and Director of Software Matthew Stevenson (Right) working on motor control with our team.
Meet ZENO R25 :: current prototype
ZENO has real facial expressions, including its ability to smile, frown, blink, look angry or surprised and lip-sync speech. They have a humanoid body with an expressive face and the ability to walk.
RoboKind team of designers and engineers have spent the past 2 years testing and refining ZENO R25 prototypes, but this is only the beginning of what ZENO will be able to do.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Zeno R25 Motor and sensor layout and locations
SOFTWARE SPECIFICATIONS
Foundation ::
Java with OSGi and Maven - Foundation based on widely used enterprise application tools for a dynamic runtime and code distribution.
C/C++, C#, Python - Language-independent framework allows us to use the right programming language for each job.
OWL Ontologies and RDF Data Stores - Flexible and powerful knowledge description language and data storage. Tools and Projects :: JFlux - Service Runtime Management
Inter-Process and Cross-Language Communication Appdapter - OWL/RDF Knowledge Management
System Configuration and State Graphs RoboKind - Low-Level Robotics Control, actuator and sensor communication
CogChar - Cognitive Character framework for performing complex behaviors
ZENO R25 has amazing software capabilities that will allow us to automatically update them through continued research and development and even provide open source for you to update ZENO.
Your Kickstarter backing will help us with ongoing software development where ZENO R25 who will be able to teach different languages like Chinese, Spanish or French. You can ask them any question and ZENO will instantly search multiple websites. Eventually, ZENO can be loaded with 100s of books and stories that have shown to dramatically increase the vocabulary and verbal ability of children who has it. ZENO R25 will have software called CompuCompassion that enables the robot to perceive the emotional state and interest of the participants and alter the presentation.
DEVELOPMENT PLAN
We are already working with a large Chinese manufacturer which helped us produce our recent research robot called ZENO R50 robot, who is ZENO R25's cousin. We have been working hard with our team to make sure that everything has been thought of and planned out. Our manufacturer makes thousands of different products for large companies and in 2012 they started working with us because they also believe that robots are going to be a big part of the future. We have been able to use their experience in manufacturing complex and high quality products to help us make sure we have all the details in place.
Our production plan ::
ZENO R25 Production Timeline
Product Concept Creation - COMPLETED From the initial conception of the R25 robot we defined the specifications and requirements required to achieve RoboKind's dream for an affordable intelligent social robot. From the previously defined requirements, our team went through an intensive part selection process and initial design planning where we determined the main components and functions for the R25. It was at this step where we decided to use Texas Instruments OMAP4 processor and choose specific sensors that the R25 will use to interact with the world around it. We decided what movement capabilities were important and set off to create a robot with social interaction as the primary focus.
Early concept sketches.
Proof-of-Concept - COMPLETED We contacted the chip manufactures for the major electrical components and they worked with us by sending development boards, evaluation kits and sample driver software that we used to test our concept and determine the feasibility of design plan. We put together an alpha prototype of the R25 and verified that we could really build this robot in a way that make the vision real.
Early prototype to verify movement.
Electronic Device Development - COMPLETED Our electrical engineers went to work designing schematics; making Bill of Materials; and obtaining pricing from our suppliers. Next we took the schematics and designed custom PCBs (Printed Circuit Boards) that incorporate all of the required electronic components. This is one of the most critical steps since the R25's processor demands that our PCBs be designed for high speed and manufactured for high performance and tight tolerances.
We also generate lots of manufacturing documentation detailing how the PCB should be built and to what specifications. One of our large developments was the new microphone array which uses a set of 8 microphones to both reduce noise so that the ZENO R25 can hear you better but also know where you are. The microphone array returns the angle that voices are coming from. Developing the array was a challenge and we had to try multiple configurations, and algorithms. We are happy with the performance but are still working to refine the math to improve the performance of this system.
Early design and testing of our new microphone array.
Prototype Sample Runs - IN PROGRESS
Initially we built a small batch of these PCBs to verify the design and to begin integrating our software to work with our custom hardware. These prototypes are used to flush out bugs and make minor design changes to enhance performance and functionality. Below is our first version of the R25 Mainboard and Processor which we used to verify the electrical design.
First version of the R25 Mainboard & Processor which we used to verify the electrical design.
Below you can see one of our early electronics development platforms. We have used this to easily debug and test certain aspects of the R25 without requiring a full set of mechanics and motors. It is convenient to make changes to this platform during development since all the PCBs are exposed and accessible.
We are currently nearing the completion of this step, we have a few additional software tests to run before we can finalize the electronics hardware.
Through many iterations and prototypes we created the walking mechanism with the performance we wanted.
Certification Tests At this step we will define the device class of the R25 and then prepare a test schedule to obtain the required certifications such as FCC and CE.
Production Preparation and Pilot Launch We are working with our manufacturing partners in Hong Kong and China to complete the manufacturability steps for our hardware designs. We are making some test tools and are going to build another 5 prototypes before the end of November to verify and test everything in this robot.
Once we are satisfied that we are ready to go we will start to cut tooling in December and be ready to build the first 500 robots starting in February. Our goal here is to prepare manufacturing for full-scale production. We will use an initial pilot batch to verify that all documentation is correct and to detect any problems that may not have been detectable during our previous small scale prototype builds. We will also be finalizing all testing procedures and requirements for our Quality Control program.
Full Production
Production of the R25 will bring both the mechanical and electrical hardware together into the final R25 product, ready to ship all the ZENOs to their new homes. Our current plan is to build 500 ZENO R25s for our first production run. Our manufacturing partners are ready to help us do this and are excited to build a humanoid robot. We will be ready to start delivering robots by March. If we need more than 500 ZENO R25's we will be ready to take it to the next level and do additional production runs.
The REWARDS
We've come up with some awesome perks for your support but of course, your support at any level is greatly appreciated!
All levels include our e-mail updates and our eternal gratitude. The other levels include anything from an awesome exclusively-designed illustration of ZENO R25, quality T-shirt with the illustration to a ZENO R25 avatar and a virtual world to go with it.
One of our reward levels include a ZENO R25 with your choice of either a full semester of RoboSTEPS or a year of autism therapy modules with your ZENO R25.
RoboSTEPS is a high school course for teaching Computer Science; it can be used as a complete curriculum, supplemental materials to an existing curriculum, or exercises for an after school program. Students will learn to program ZENO R25 and will have access to their own Virtual World with a simulation of ZENO R25.
Robots4Autism is a revolutionary humanoid robot that delivers research-based interventions and curriculum to teach and reinforce social understanding and improve a child's ability to use social behaviors in natural contexts.
THANK YOU :: T-minus 30 days...
Thank you in advance for your support and backing at any level, on or offline! We hope you're excited enough about our breakthrough to help us make ZENO R25 a reality. Be a part of the beginning of this robot revolution and help us tell ours and ZENO R25's story. T-minus 30 days...
Motorcycle filtering laws: Victorian Government rejects proposal to allow riders to weave through stationary traffic
Updated
A proposal to allow motorbike and scooter riders to weave through slow-moving or stationary traffic has been rejected by the Victorian Government.
The Opposition has promised to amend legislation allowing so-called "filtering" if it wins government in November's state election.
Labor's spokesperson for roads Luke Donnellan said the move would be a "win-win for everybody".
"We think it's time for the Government to act, so we're jumping on the front foot and saying let's get moving," they said.
"This reduces congestion, increases safety for motorbike riders.
"They do it in New South Wales, they do it in many other places around the world, there's enough studies so... in our eyes it's ready to go."
A 2012 Road Safety Committee report recommended further research into the practice and said it could decrease traffic congestion.
It also said it could protect riders from same-direction accidents.
But it found filtering was a factor in three motorbike fatalities between 2000 and 2011.
State Transport Minister Terry Mulder said they could not endorse something that had led to deaths on the roads.
"Given the fact it's proven to have killed people in the past, I'm not sure how many seriously injured, I couldn't on the back of that recommend that practice," Mr Mulder said.
Melbourne CBD riders can use bus lanes
They said the Government was prepared to monitor the laws in other states.
Also, the Government has moved to allow motorbike and scooter riders to use designated bus lanes to decrease congestion in Melbourne's CBD.
"We've looked at this report very closely and I've had Vic Roads do some further work for me, and as a result of that we've allowed motorcyclists to travel in the bus lane on Hoddle Street," Mr Mulder said.
"That's been very successful in separating them out from traffic, so we're going to extend that.
"We believe this is the best possible way to get separation between heavy traffic areas and motorcyclists, and give motorcyclists better access to the road network."
Mr Donnellan said other drivers should not be concerned about motorcyclists weaving around them.
"This would be when drivers have come to a standstill, so I can't imagine too many drivers would be too concerned about someone moving around them," Mr Donnellan told the ABC.
"I could understand if people were concerned if they were moving through and their cars were moving at the same time, but that's not how it's being implemented."
Topics: state-parliament, states-and-territories, road, vic
First posted
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis in Germany, June 28, 2017. (Michaela Rehle/ Reuters)
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has delayed a plan approved by the Obama administration a year ago to begin allowing transgender recruits to join the U.S. military, providing the Joint Chiefs of Staff with a six-month reprieve that they requested, the Pentagon said Friday night.
The decision was made on the eve of a deadline set a year ago by then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter. The services can now delay processing transgender recruits until Jan. 1, following another review of accession plans and providing information about how doing so will affect the military and its lethality, Mattis said in a memo. Details about that review must be provided back to Mattis by Dec. 1.
The defense secretary said in the memo that the delay “in no way presupposes an outcome,” but after consulting with top generals and other senior defense officials, they determined more time is needed before making a decision.  They are confident, they said, that the Defense Department will continue to treat all service members with dignity and respect.
“Since becoming the Secretary of Defense, I have emphasized that the Department of Defense must measure each policy decision against one critical standard: will the decision affect the readiness and lethality of the force?” Mattis said. “Put another way, how will the decision affect the ability of America's military to defend the nation? It is against this standard that I provide the following guidance on the way forward in accessing transgender individuals into the military Services.”
[Previous coverage: The Pentagon's ban on transgender service just fell, and the details are complicated]
The current transgender policy, signed by Carter on June 30, 2016, banned the services from involuntarily separating people in the military who came out as transgender, and allowed the individuals to begin receiving medical care Oct. 1. But it also gave the Pentagon a year to determine how to begin processing new transgender recruits who want to serve.
Mattis's decision was immediately decried by advocates for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues, who already had waited through a lengthy Pentagon view process that concluded last year. Meanwhile, a high-profile opponent to transgender people serving said the decision is welcome.
The delay “makes no sense,” considering that existing transgender service members have served successfully over the last year, said Aaron Belkin, the director of the Palm Center, a think tank that has helped the Pentagon with some research on sexuality. They said it will put transgender people who want to serve in the same position as gay people who wanted to serve during the now-repealed ban on open homosexual service known as “don't ask, don't tell.”
“For the past year, transgender troops have been serving openly and have been widely praised by their Commanders,​ ​as is the case in 18 allied militaries around the world including Israel​ and​ Britain,” Belkin said in a statement. “Yet members of Congress are denigrating the value of military service by transgender troops, and Service Chiefs are pressuring Secretary Mattis to continue the transgender enlistment ban despite having no new arguments or data to back up their long-discredited assertions.”
Retired Army Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin, the executive vice president of the conservative Family Research Council, said that the Pentagon is “right to hit the brakes,” and said that the transgender policy signed last year will not improve the military's ability to fight and win wars.
“Personnel who identify as transgender are expected to receive exceptions to policies and medical requirements that their peers will still be required to meet,” Boykin said. “These exceptions may be applied to policies about everything from physical and mental fitness standards to dress and presentation standards, and they create an unfairness that will undermine unit cohesion and morale.”
Stephen Peters, a gay Marine veteran and national press secretary for Human Rights Campaign, disputed that point.
“Each day that passes without the policy in place restricts the armed forces' ability to recruit the best and the brightest, regardless of gender identity,” they said. “We are disappointed in this needless delay because the thousands of highly trained and qualified transgender service members openly and proudly serving our nation today have proven that what matters is the ability to accomplish the mission, not their gender identity.”
The policy signed a year ago said that “not later than July 1, 2017,” the Pentagon would update its medical standards to account for people who have a history of gender dysphoria, the medical term for wanting to transition gender. It added that the condition was not necessarily disqualifying if a doctor certified that a prospective recruit was “stable without clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas of function for 18 months.”
The policy also required transgender recruits to complete all medical treatment associated with their gender transition, be stable in their new gender for 18 months. Those guidelines were crafted with assistance from advocates for transgender people, including the Palm Center.
Two defense officials, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue, said that the Joint Chiefs of Staff requested the six-month delay in order to continue studying opening up military service to transgender recruits, as opposed to allowing service members who already were serving to begin identifying as transgender. That request was first reported last month by The Associated Press, which also said that the Air Force and Army originally wanted a two-year delay.
Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said June 19 in an appearance at the National Press Club that there is no issue with transgender service members who are already serving, and no ongoing review could affect their ability to serve. But they acknowledged that there were “some issues identified” by some of the service chiefs with allowing in transgender recruits, and that they wanted them resolved “before we move forward.”
Carter repealed the ban on transgender military service after a long, internal review that fell behind schedule as military officials struggled to reach a consensus. It followed Congress repealing the decades-old policy banning gay people from serving openly in 2011, and Carter lifting in 2015 a ban on women serving in the infantry and other ground-combat assignments.
Before Carter's decision, the Pentagon considered transgender people to be sexual deviants who had to be ousted from service. In 2015, it moved the authority to discharge to higher-ranking commanders, making it tougher to force out service members who came out as transgender.
There are about 2,500 transgender service members among the 1.3 million active-duty members of the military and an additional 1,500 among reserve units, according to a Rand Corp. study commissioned by the Pentagon and published last year.
Can a Cow Produce 100 Pounds of Pig Feed a Day? (Poland)
This entry is about cows and pigs. But before we get down and dirty let's start with some basic facts about humans' and pigs' nutrition to make sure we're on the same page.
What does it take to fatten pigs efficiency?
It is said that all animals need proteins to be fattened efficient. Is it really true? Not entirely — in fact all we really need is a substance which proteins are made of: amino acids. Some of which the body can ‘produce' on its own. These ‘self-made' substances are called non-essential amino acids and they are synthesized mainly from carbohydrates and other amino acids.
And those amino acids that humans and pigs cannot produce themselves are called essential amino acids.
Essential amino acids:
phenylalanine
valine
threonine
tryptophan
isoleucine
methionine
leucine
lysine
We shouldn't forget that children also need two additional amino acids:
histidine
arginine
Here's where it gets interesting — if we don't provide our bodies with sufficient amounts of essential amino acids, over time this will lead to amino acid deficiency and that can result in:
Heart diseases (our heart simply will not have enough amino acids to regenerate)
Depression
Kwashiorkor
Loss of hair
And many, many more
But in rich countries you should not be afraid of an amino acid deficiency — unless you're on a very strict diet where either quality or quantity of essential amino acids doesn't meet one's daily requirements or if a particular person has some digestive or health related problems.
The same rules apply both to humans and pigs, with which we have a lot in common, especially when it comes to digestion. But it may be a little bit more difficult to notice this since the life span of a pig is much shorter than ours (domesticated pigs can live up to 15-20 years, and wild pigs 4-8 years), so the deficiency and its consequences are not so easily recognizable. For example: What if the speed of fattening or speed of growth shows that a pig has nutritional deficiencies? At the end of the day feed conversion ratio (a simple measure of an animal's efficiency in converting feed mass into increased body mass) is just an indicator of how much food it takes for the pig to grow, not necessarily for them to be healthy. The animal industry has a long track record of using substances that enhance an animal's growth, but are not particular healthy for the animals or the people who may ultimately eat them. Think of subtherapeutic use of antibiotics….
Studies show that a shortage of even just one essential amino acid in pigs' feed will cause them to convert it into lard (pork fat) instead of producing structural protein (meat). Of course there's nothing wrong with that as long we are raising pigs just for our own needs — pork lard from pasture-, orchard- or forest-raised pigs was traditionally used by our ancestors here in Poland for centuries. But if you have a business to run, then fat pigs is not what you're looking for….
Here's some simple math:
First of all the meatiness ratio (how much meat a pig embodies) is dropping, and most consumers prefer lean pork. E.g. example 1 pound of lard cost about 0, 5 – 1, 5 PLN and 1 pound of meat cost around 5-7PLN in Poland. So that means pork-breeders get paid less for fat pigs.
Secondly, protein is the most expensive ingredient in pigs' feeding formula (assuming you have to buy it from an outside source).
And last but not least — it takes more calories of pig feed for the pig to create fat than to create protein (9 kcal for 1g of fat and just 4 kcal to create 1g of protein)!
So pig breeders will lose x3 if they sell fat pigs.
All the amino acids are needed at the same time — if even one is missing; the proteins from food will not be used efficiently. Old textbooks on biology, nutrition and animal husbandry differentiate complete protein (animal) and not complete (plant). The amino acids, just like a wooden barrel holding water, can have 99% efficiency, but even if one tight plank is missing, then the barrel fails. And back to barrel…. Water can be stored only to the level of the lowest hole in that barrel. It does not matter that the barrel has a capacity of 500 l (providing large amounts of protein pig feed) but what counts is how high the lowest hole in that barrel is (the essential amino acid lacking in pig's diet).
If we want to raise pigs on pasture, usually we should watch for those amino acids that are the limiting factor for pigs' growth (because of their lack of pasture sward). These are: lysine, methionine, threonine and tryptophan. Theoretically one could supplement pigs' feed with rapeseed meal or soybeans, but considering that most of those plants are genetically modified, and they are usually cultivated in a really unsustainable way, it's better to find other source of essential amino acids.
The cow — a valuable potential source of feed for pigs
What do all these arguments about essential amino and pigs have to do with a simple cow?
Cows are excellent for supplying very large quantities of missing essential (and not so essential) amino acids for pigs, as well as a little easily digestible calories.
Pigs for cured parma ham are raised on pasture; they also get whey — a byproduct from producing cheese — and sweet chestnuts. Such a ‘feed formula' provides pigs with all the essential amino acids they need and also makes pork taste sweet. Is the permaculture principle “produce no waste” met here? I'm sure it is!
Perhaps readers can begin to see the picture, for how to sustainably raise cows and pigs together: The cow gives milk, from which the milker makes butter and cheese. Remnants of the production (buttermilk and whey) can be given to pigs to eat. This is a wholesome feed — and as you can see, there's no longer the need for the soybeans (GMO or otherwise).
One cow can deliver more than 100 pounds of pig feed!
Despite appearances, milk, buttermilk and whey are not the only food for pigs which cattle can provide. Another potential source of food for the omnivore swine is… cow manure.
What happens to plants that a cow swallows?
Interesting things happen with plants digested by cows. First of all you need to know that, for a cow, plants are not the direct source of food — to increase the nutritional value of their feed cows are using a middle man: bacteria. Cows are chewing the plant to increase the surface area of the plant on which bacteria can act (aren't cows "increasing the edge?"). These bacteria digest plant food and then they multiply. After they multiply, the pre-digested plant food with all bacteria moves to the next stomach (they have four!). A cow (or rather a farmer who feeds it), in contrast to the pig, does not need to worry about the quality or quantity of essential amino acids they receive. It's enough that the cow will get an appropriate amount of protein, fiber and carbohydrates. Even better, the cow does not even have to consume large amounts of proteins because the bacteria in their stomachs are able to convert urea into proteins (nitrogen source for bacteria to produce a protein). There are known cases in which a large part of the cows' diet was sawdust, urea (nitrogen source for the synthesis of proteins by bacteria), and cow-lick made of molasses and micronutrients.
Why can a cow eat food which doesn't contain all the essential amino acids?
A cow, whose feed may not contain a full set of amino acids, produces in its stomach the right conditions for the growth of bacteria. These bacteria are, however, able to produce all the essential amino acids from non essential amino acids. When the bacteria multiply on a digested plant then the cow moves it to the next stomach.
Cow's manure is potentially valuable but
cheap pig feed. One can see small dots — it's
where maggots have turned into flies.
Why cow manure may be feed for pigs
Pigs are omnivores. Nature has given them the task of “environmental cleaners”. Apart from the fact that they eat plants and animals, they also eat droppings of other animals, with great pleasure. Cow manure is composed in a large part from the undigested parts of plants, and bacteria. And, as mentioned earlier, manure contains all the essential amino acids. They may therefore be a valuable "concentrate feed" for pigs. In addition, if cows are fed grains, part of the grain passes through cows not fully digested. Under normal conditions, this type of product would be wasted.
The benefits of cow manure in pig nutrition
The first and fairly obvious benefit is the use of cow dung as an energy source for pigs. The second is the previously mentioned protein and essential amino acids. The third benefit of feeding pigs with cow manure is providing them with micronutrients and vitamins, especially from the vitamin B group (including B12).
What percentage of a cow's manure could a pig's diet comprise?
The FAO (UN agency dealing with food and agriculture) has published data on the experiment conducted in Mauritius in 1976 in which pigs were fed 40% cow feces , 40% molasses and 20% commercial compound feed. Pigs on this regime did grow more slowly than in the control group, but the breeders achieved good economic results due to the low prices of such mixtures.
Depending on several factors, one cow can provide food in the form of manure for 3, and up to 17 pigs.
It's determined by:
cow's age and diet
what part of pig's diet is to be manure
age of pigs
How to integrate the possibility that pigs can be fed cow manure into Permaculture design?
If we want to raise pigs and cows the permaculture way you could follow these suggestions.
On the first day the pasture is grazed by cows. On the second day they move to a new pasture cell, and pigs move into where the cows were yesterday. They will eat cows' manure, roots and part of the pasture sward. The third day the pigs are moved to where the cows were at day two and chickens are moved to where yesterday's pigs were — they will eat a large part of the parasites found in pig feces. In addition, they will scratch the manure, spreading it and accelerating its incorporation into the soil, along with all its nutrients.
This way the pasture is used in a “Holistic Management” way, so the land will not be overgrazed and the amount of weeds will be lessened. Same pasture can be actually a silvopasture-based system in which walnuts, chestnuts, fruit and other fodder trees are also being grown. This agroforestry system should be protected from winds by windbreaks.
Can pigs be fattened in this way without purchasing commercial feed?
At the moment it is difficult for me to say whether the above-mentioned pasture, cow manure and whey are able to provide full nutrition for pigs. I am inclined to believe that adding walnuts and chestnuts to their diet, pigs will grow well and we will enjoy knowing for a fact what our animals eat.
Can pigs be fed with the feces of other herbivores?
Yes, pigs can be fed feces of other herbivore animals such as horses, goats, rabbits…. A very good source of food for pigs is horse manure — because horses digest less efficiently than cows, so "horse apples" contain more seeds, etc., that means they contain more calories.
I would like to know your experience with feeding pigs with manure.
~~~~~
Wojciech Majda is founder of Polski Instytut Permakultury (Polish Permaculture Institute).
Related
Popular
About
"It all started in the suburban wilds. My little brother and I spent our days outside, attempting to fight off imaginary monsters while wielding wooden katanas and PVC pipe. It seems such a simple thing now, when on that day my little brother asked if there was a way to bring our stories to other people.
Ascended Saga is the product of that moment.
It's a tabletop role-playing game set in an untamed fantasy world. I wanted to create a game world that let players of all types, from storyweavers to hardened warriors enjoy a rich combat system and explore and interact with the fully realized world of Asura. Combat is turn based, but allows more freedom by letting the players act together and combine powers to unleash incredible team attacks. Imagine being able to create any kind of attack you desire. Do you and your best buddy want to decapitate a goblin with a well timed flaming round house kick? Just like your backyard adventures of old, Ascended Saga lets your imagination be the fuel for your character's story. Take control of a character that is fully and uniquely your creation, or lead the adventure as the Sagaman, building campaigns set in the world of Asura. Adapt the game system to your own stories and characters. I am confident that you can create almost any character with any abilities and it will work in our system."
- Justin Harper, Executive Director, Anonygon Studios
Asura is a world full of magic and wonder. RPG standards like skeletons and goblins thrive in a world among deathworms, braided serpents, jugbug swarms and other unique creatures beautifully illustrated by our studio's fine artist, Krystal Harper! Each creature is painstakingly balanced for use in the game world by our fearless leader, Justin.
The creatures have fully detailed backgrounds, habits and habitats. Everything in the world feels natural while awe inspiring.
The different races have distinctive roles and intertwining histories. They also react to each of the other races in their own ways.
The Ascended gods actively affect the world in similar ways to the gods in our ancient mythologies. They can manipulate the players and the world in fascinating ways depending on their personalities.
As we said, one of the goals of Ascended Saga is to seamlessly meld combat and storytelling, letting players who may only be interested in one or the other find enjoyment in each play session.
One of the most rewarding systems players can use is the Skill System. Using a character's unique abilities they have learned through their class training, inherited from their race, or acquired by their own means can help them progress through a campaign with their own personal flare.
Different skills can link together creating new and exciting moves and maneuvers. You can even link skills with other players for even more options.
Linking skills is easy. Each different effect/action you want the skill to do costs Mana Points. If you are linking a skill with another player you can share the cost!
If you feel a skill could work in a given situation just talk it through with the Sagaman. Usually if your reason is sound you will be able to use a skill. For instance, instead of sleight of hand to pick a lock, you can use fire to melt it for a similar effect!
We've worked to add new and exciting elements to our tabletop's turn-based combat. Here are just a few:
Evade, counter or grapple your opponents with simple rolling systems rather than sustaining damage from potentially brutal attacks. There are more ways out of a battle than just splitting heads!
The Battle Wheel allows players to easily follow turn order and plan their attacks accordingly. Additionally, our quick characters may perform actions on more than one turn during each round. As a twist, players who take actions during the same turn on the wheel can execute team attacks!
Team attacks allow players to combine their already unique skills in a plethora of ways. Enchant your allies' weapons or attacks for direct combat, disguise your team for a stealth approach, hurl your sorcerer into the air to rain fire down on the battlefield, anything the players wish to accomplish, they can achieve with the right rolls and enough mana.
Our special four-page character sheets allow players to see all of their weapons and skills during combat with no need to flip the page. The other side shows various equipment, items, and character info typically useful for non-combat situations. Click the picture to take a closer look at our current character sheet design!
Our dream is to release the fully realized Ascended Saga game in three hardcover books filled with rich lore, detailed artwork and balanced game mechanics to allow players a fulfilling role-playing experience each time they dive into the world of Asura.
The Player's Handbook will serve to outline the rules for character creation and how to utilize the systems put in place for leveling, using skills and building your heroes (or villains).
The Sagaman's Guide will provide rules and standard practices for the Sagaman, as well as lore and data on the world of Asura, with information on geography, cities and towns, items, weapons, technology, magic and everything needed to help them craft an authentic Asuran experience.
The Monster Codex will contain detailed information on the beastly inhabitants of Asura. Detailed imagery combined with expanded information on creature behavior help make our fantasy creatures as frightfully realistic as possible.
Your contributions will allow us to test more features, expand on our lore with more detailed artwork and writing, and craft the most balanced and enjoyable role-playing experience possible. We are working together to create a dream list of stretch goals, but reaching our main goal is our focus for now. More adventures in the world of Asura could be realized if we have the resources, including expansion books, stories from characters built by the game creators and ways to connect real world players together! Your contributions can even earn you a spot in the Asuran legends!
With your help, we can make your adventures ascend! Thank you!
Want to learn more? Check us out on Facebook, Twitter, and our website!
https://www.facebook.com/anonygonstudios
https://www.twitter.com/AnonygonStudios
http://www.anonygonstudios.com/
Interested in our amazing artwork? Visit www.harperartwork.com
Remember, it only takes $1 to help fund us, but for $2 we'll give you a (text only) .pdf of one of our books!
Here is a reward for reading this far! A sliver from the Monster Codex:
The Entertainment Software Association is speaking out against the threats of violence and harassment in video gaming, a topic which is becoming a national discussion in mainstream media's coverage of game culture.
This morning, The New York Times ran a front page story on the topic in an article titled "Feminist Critics of Video Games Facing Threats" following controversy earlier this week when an email sent to Utah State University officials threatened to terrorize the school with a deadly shooting over a talk to be delivered by feminist critic and Tropes vs. Women in Video Games creator Anita Sarkeesian.
The paper offers a look into hostile threats against women, which has since become connected to a broader movement from campaigners who have rallied around the Twitter hashtag #GamerGate.
In a Washington Post article yesterday, an ESA spokesperson spoke out against personal attacks within the video gaming community, stating: "Threats of violence and harassment are wrong. They have to stop. There is no place in the video game community - or our society - for personal attacks and threats."
Following threats made to Utah State University, university president Stan L. Albrecht confirmed in a letter to students that both state and federal agencies, including the FBI Cyberterrorism Task Force, have been contacted.
"As you are aware, several USU staff members received a threatening email at 10:15 p.m. on Monday, Oct. 13 regarding Anita Sarkeesian's talk scheduled for Wednesday, Oct. 15," the statement reads. "As you probably have read, this email threatened both Ms. Sarkeesian and those who attended their event. "The safety of our students, staff and USU community is paramount to us. USU police were contacted immediately, as were state and federal agencies, including the Utah Statewide Information and Analysis Center, the FBI Cyberterrorism Task Force, and the FBI Behavioral Analysis Unit. "Prior to the threat, USU police were already making preparations for security as Ms. Sarkeesian had received threats in the past. After receiving the email, USU police added heightened security measures, including securing the Taggart Student Center auditorium far in advance, ensuring their safety to and from the event, and bringing in additional uniformed and plain-clothed police officers. "Throughout the day, Tuesday, Oct. 14, USU police and administrators worked with state and federal law enforcement agencies to assess the threat to our USU community and Ms. Sarkeesian. Together, we determined that there was no credible threat to students, staff or the speaker, and that this letter was intended to frighten the university into cancelling the event. "The safety and protection of students and those who attend our events is our foremost priority at Utah State. But we are also an institution of higher learning. In this case, the Center for Women and Gender had invited a nationally known speaker to bring their perspective about an important topic to USU. After a full assessment of the situation, the USU administration, in consultation with law enforcement, chose to continue with the event. "When our law enforcement personnel spoke about security measures, they were concerned that state law prevented the university from keeping people with legal concealed firearm permits from entering the event, and chose to cancel. As a Utah public institution, we follow state law. The Utah law provides that people who legally possess a concealed firearm permit are allowed to carry a firearm on public property, like the USU campus. "We are disappointed that students and other community members did not benefit from their presentation. While we will always prioritize the safety of our community, no threat changes Utah State University's unwavering advocacy of academic freedom and free speech rights of everyone."
Threats made to Utah State University follow a growing history of hostile remarks made toward Sarkeesian themselves and women in the video game industry at large. In August, following the release of another episode of their Tropes vs. Women in Video Games series, Sarkeesian fled their home after receiving "some very scary threats" against them and their family. During GeekGirlCon, which took place this past weekend, officials previously confirmed to Polygon that a threat was made over their appearance there.
"GeekGirlCon ​became​ aware of the threats and actively work​ed​ with authorities​, along with Anita​," a spokesperson told Polygon. "Our highest priority is a safe and fun con experience for all of our attendees, contributors, and volunteers."
The GamerGate movement and Twitter hashtag is a social campaign defined by most supporters as a call to effect change in video game journalism and to defend the "gamer" identity. The movement is difficult to define because what it has come to represent has no central leadership or agreed-upon manifesto. The hashtag was first used by actor Adam Baldwin in August after intimate details of a personal relationship between a video game developer and a video game journalist were made public and led some to allege cronyism between press and developers. The campaign is now also linked to ongoing and well-established harassment of women in video games, including Depression Quest creator Zoe Quinn, Sarkeesian and Giant Spacekat head Brianna Wu, though many of GamerGate's supporters deny the campaign should be blamed for harassment.
The Abbott government is refusing to release more detailed modelling prepared by Treasury in the lead-up to the budget that shows the likely impact of the planned budget measures on different household types.
Documents released under Freedom of Information to Fairfax Media show the federal government delivered its May budget fully aware its spending cuts would hit poorer households much harder than wealthier ones.
But two larger documents were withheld from the FOI request, a 56-page document and a 21-page document, and it is understood they starkly show how less-wealthy households suffer far bigger falls in disposable income than richer ones, especially for families with children aged between six and 16.
A spokesperson for Treasurer Joe Hockey said the documents would not be released because they were prepared for cabinet and were therefore protected in the FOI process.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Paul Pomroy, McDonald's UK, on zero-hours contracts: "Having surveyed our employees, they still love the flexibility"
The boss of McDonald's UK has defended its use of zero-hours contracts, saying they help staff stay flexible.
UK chief executive Paul Pomroy told the BBC that all their employees were notified of shifts two weeks in advance and were allowed to work elsewhere.
There has been controversy over companies using such contracts but not allowing staff to work elsewhere.
"Jobs at McDonald's are good jobs," they said. "Our staff are trained well and are proud to work for the company."
The firm is reviewing how it will pay the new National Living Wage to staff aged over 25.
Mr Pomroy admitted that would be a burden.
McDonald's says it pays just above the current minimum rate to its 80,000 UK staff.
The minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour for workers aged 21 and over. Lower rates apply for other age groups.
Mr Pomroy also told the BBC they felt the company paid a "fair" amount of tax. EU officials are currently assessing whether they have sufficient evidence to investigate the company for tax avoidance.
"I'm confident we're going to come out clean, we have paid within 1% of the UK corporation tax for a number of years," they said.
Supply chain
McDonald's aims to buy UK-produced ingredients across the supply chain, but the changing seasons can prove challenging for some ingredients. Much of the chicken in its McNuggets is imported from Thailand and Brazil, but Mr Pomroy said they had visited those sites to ensure "fantastic standards".
Mr Pomroy took the helm this February and will oversee up to 30 new store openings in Britain this year, and every year for the foreseeable future. When asked if the chain had hit saturation point, they said: "We're not there yet."
McDonald's has recently closed more than 300 branches in Asia and America and globally sales and profits are sliding, a trend bucked in the UK.
Mr Pomroy said the company was addressing criticism of unhealthy food with clearer labelling and more choice.
"We've removed 50% of salt and 30% sugar from Happy Meals," they said. "We've expanded range and given customers choice."
They added that 90% of the UK population ate at McDonald's at some point every year.
The company is set to start a trial offer of table service at a dozen branches this year - something Mr Pomroy said should give customers more options when ordering, particularly with controversial gherkins.
They told BBC Breakfast's Stephanie McGovern that they ate at McDonald's two or three times a week.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A US air force F-15, none of which have ever been lost in combat
The shooting-down of a Syrian jet by the United States is believed to be the first air-to-air kill by a manned US aircraft since 1999.
Despite Hollywood blockbusters showcasing aerial dogfights, they have almost vanished from modern warfare.
In the 20th Century, skilled pilots who clocked up kills were often referred to as aces.
The US considers a pilot with at least five confirmed kills to be an ace - but no serving pilot holds the title.
What was the lesson of the Gulf wars?
A report published by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments (CSBA) in 2015 found just 59 kills since the 1990s - the large majority of which were in the First Gulf War.
Later that year, when Turkey shot down a Russian Su-24 plane along the Syrian border in a rare conflict, it sparked an international diplomatic row.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This video shows a plane falling to the ground on the Syrian border with Turkey
"The era of dogfighting is largely over," says Justin Bronk, a research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute, specialising in combat airpower.
"After the totally lopsided kill-to-loss ratio attained by the US Air Force and US Navy during the First Gulf War, it is a very rare thing for regimes under attack by the US and its allies to send fighters up in defence - since they know how it will end."
In that war in early 1991, Iraq lost 33 planes to coalition forces in air-to-air combat. In return, its planes shot down just one coalition F-18, according to the CSBA database.
That lesson led many countries to abandon competition with the US and its allies.
"Even in the latter stages of the First Gulf War, many Iraqi pilots chose to fly their aircraft to Iran to escape certain destruction - no light decision, soon after the brutal Iran-Iraq war," Bronk says.
During the Second Gulf War, Saddam Hussein "had most of their remaining air force buried underground to escape destruction rather than send fighters up".
And when Nato intervened in Libya in 2011 to aid the rebellion against Col Muammar Gaddafi, the country's air force did nothing to defend its airspace.
Why is the US so dominant?
Early air combat during World War One involved lining up an enemy aircraft in the plane's sights and firing machine guns at propeller-powered aircraft flying at relatively low speeds.
Despite technological advancements, the basic principle remained the same for half a century.
But in the modern era, the human eye was quickly replaced. From 1965-1969, guns accounted for 65% of air-to-air kills, the CSBA says.
But between 1990 and 2002, they accounted for just 5% of kills - with the rest carried out by some kind of missile.
"Modern air combat is almost entirely decided by situational awareness [from radar and other sensors] and missile technology," Bronk says. "All recent air-to-air kills between fast jets were one-sided, quick affairs."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC reporter Sharanjit Leyl aboard aircraft carrier USS George Washington
Most kills in the last two decades have been against enemy planes too far away to see with the human eye - which means technology often trumps pilot skill.
That gives the US a clear advantage.
It spends more on military technology than any other nation, has more aircraft carriers and deploys specialist ships with sensor arrays to aid its aerial fleet.
Faced with such a prospect, many air forces choose not to engage a technologically superior force - and leave their planes to conduct patrols or attacks on ground targets.
DUNEDIN — Two full weeks of spring training have come and gone so that puts the Blue Jays one-third of the way along the road to Opening Day.
[np_storybar title=”Blue Jays in no hurry to finish auditions for final rotation job” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/mlb/mlb-stinson-jays-col”%5D
[/np_storybar]
At this point, important personnel decisions are still a long way off but that doesn't mean that a body of knowledge hasn't started to accumulate about the 2016 Toronto Blue Jays. After 14 days, with 28 more to go, there is still a lot about this team we don't know.
But, here is what we do know ….
1. Dunedin is on the clock. Toronto's springtime home for the past 40 years could change next year when the deal between Dunedin and the Jays expires. Team president Mark Shapiro is still working to get a deal done so the club can consolidate its operations in one new, state-of-the-art training and rehab centre with facilities to handle spring training as well as in-season injury rehab and fitness operations. If, or when, negotiations fail, Shapiro says they will cast their net wide for a new warm-weather home for the team.
2. The fuse has been lit. The difference in attitude, outlook and determination in the Blue Jay clubhouse is palpable. After breaking through for their first playoff appearance in 22 years in 2015, there is no disguising the hunger for more. “I'm a big believer in clubhouse chemistry,” said Josh Donaldson. “When you have all 25 guys on the same page, it's a lot more fun and you can start having success. It's a special group of guys. Now you have guys who have been in the playoffs, coming in with higher expectations of themselves.”
3. The elephant in the room. With both Jose Bautista and Edwin Encarnacion eligible for free agency at the end of this season, there is potential for the futures of either or both players to be a distraction. Bautista has already taken a shot across the bow of management, revealing they have given the front office a combination of years and money that they will not budge from. That said, they promised not to let it become an issue that would take anything away from their or the team's performance and since that opening salvo, they have been all about baseball. Encarnacion has also said they won't let this issue get in the way of team success.
4. The Tulo Factor. It is not pure coincidence that the Blue Jays went on their division-winning tear just as Troy Tulowitzki arrived at the end of July. They had some key hits but mostly it was their play at shortstop that was the final key to sealing up the team defence. Now, in the calm atmosphere of spring training, with an entire season ahead with them in the centre of the diamond, their presence is felt. “He has an aura about him,” said Gibbons. “He's a superstar in the game but humble and thoughtful. People gravitate to them and they seem to respond to that. They set a great example, both as a player and as a man.”
5. Filling out the rotation. None of the candidates for the one remaining rotation slot has established themselves as the man to beat. It's too early for that, given that they're all still in the early stages of building arm strength. Still, both Aaron Sanchez and Drew Hutchison came in heavier and stronger and after an outing or two, both appear still to have an edge over Jesse Chavez or Gavin Floyd. “I think that is something that will go down to the end, in fairness to all of them,” said Gibbons. “You want everybody to know where they stand so they can settle in if they're moving to a bullpen role but we've got to give them all a real good look.”
6. Aaron Loup has a sore elbow. The flexor strain that has sidelined the lefty is going to make it difficult for them to make the Opening Day roster and has opened up possibilities for several pitchers, including Pat Venditte, Wade LeBlanc and Chad Girodo. While they are ambidextrous, Venditte is best pitching from the left side and they could well win a spot with that in mind. Girodo rocketed through three levels last year, from Dunedin to New Hampshire to Buffalo because of an ability to get lefties out. In 22.2 innings against lefthanded batters, they gave up zero runs and seven hits while fanning 29.
7. Michael Saunders is looking good. Having missed almost all of 2015 because of complications following surgery on their left knee, the left fielder had to face embarrassing questions when a three-team deal that would have sent them to the Angels in exchange for Reds outfielder Jay Bruce fell through. They handled that awkward situation with class. Endurance has been an issue with Saunders but they are looking fully healthy and moving well in the outfield and on the basepaths. They also cranked a couple of home runs on Saturday and it may turn out to be a lucky break that they aren't traded.
8. Prospect cupboard bare? Outfielder Anthony Alford and right-hander Conner Greene, the top position player and pitcher left in a farm system depleted by last year's trades, are showing there is still some near-ready talent within the organization. Alford brings speed, defence and a solid bat that promises some power. Greene is long and lanky with a 96-mph fastball and a sunny disposition that turns into flinty-eyed aggression when they get on the mound. They made their spring debut Saturday and struck out three of the four men they faced, walking the other. Either, or both, could get a late look this year and compete for a job next year.
9. Hitting is contagious. Well, at least talking about hitting is contagious. With Donaldson, Tulowitzki and Colabello leading the way, hardly a minute of downtime goes by in the clubhouse without a group of players gathering to talk about and demonstrate hitting technique. “In all my years and all the places I've been, I've never seen anything like it,” says manager John Gibbons. “These guys aren't talking about the Oscars or where they had dinner last night. They're deep into hitting and sharing their information.”
10. High Performance Dept. The most obvious manifestation of the Jays' new front office philosophy is the instituting of the High Performance program under the direction of Angus Mugford. It's a player-centred program designed to provide all the resources possible — strength, medical, science, nutrition and injury rehab — under one umbrella. “It's all about how to keep our players on the field and performing at the highest possible level,” said Shapiro. It's a program that has been universally welcomed and accepted throughout the organization.
The Pirate Bay (TPB), ExtraTorrent and YTS.ag Now Listed as Top Free Download Alternatives; Torrenting Still Hurting from KickassTorrents, Torrentz Shut Down (Photo : Facebook)
The Pirate Bay appears to be the last man standing among the key file-sharing sites as similar services are going offline lately. Following the YTS, also known as YIFY, disappearance a few days ago, Popcorn Time, widely regarded as the Netflix for Pirate, reportedly shut down for good. But TPB remains up and running, which seems to prove its incredible resiliency.
Advertisement
Movie torrent site YTS, originally launched as YIFY, went off the air following the upload of its latest movie titles on October 20. The site simply went silent for a few days until a Redditor claiming to be a YTS team member announced on a Reddit thread that its service was the subject of denial of service attack or DoS.
"We got Dosed ... We are working on it at YTS ... We will be back up in a few days maybe even a week," the YTS representative said, known to Reddit as easiertordot2. Yet five days since the outage, there is no clear sign that the issue has been resolved or YTS will be back online soon.
At around the same time that YTS went down, Popcorn Time and its social media accounts mysteriously. It was assumed initially that Popcorn Time's issue is related to that of YTS as the former mostly taps into the YIFY movie collection for its free movie streaming service. The expectation was as soon as YTS reappears, so Popcorn Time is.
However, the problem Popcorn Time is dealing with proved deeper than technical issues. As suggested by Torrent Freak, it's more likely that the Netflix for Pirate is being wracked by internal strife. True enough, the news blog said in a follow-up report that Popcorn Time is no more and the chance is slim of the service returning.
"I shut down all the servers, there is nothing I can do anymore. I deleted any logs that can be harmful for any other dev," Torrent Freak reported a Popcorn Time developer named Wally as saying in a statement.
Another popular site with similar function, Kickass Torrents, would have been the viable alternative but accessing the site is proving unsafe. Per the International Business Times, "the site ... is overrun with malicious advertising that may redirect users to phishing links, or even ransomware.
As a result, Kickass Torrents earns a red flag from Google with the search engine explicitly discouraging users from accessing the site.
So The Pirate Bay is proving to be the last man standing, enduring outages in the past days and weeks and managing to quickly resume its service with seemingly endless stream of tricks to deflect attacks. By default, TPB now plays the alternate to YTS as the latter mirror its movie library to The Pirate Bay server.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HAMILTON TOWNSHIP, N.J. — A child porn bust in New Jersey netted nearly 80 arrests, including 14- and 17-year-old boys, prosecutors said.
The complaint alleges that the victims were as young as 2 or 4.
“Most of the child pornography cases involved videos where children, young children, are depicted being raped,” said Attorney General Christopher Porrino.
The Attorney General announced Friday the results Friday of a 9-month child protection operation run by the New Jersey Regional Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force.
The investigation reached as far as California, where one man was arrested for trafficking in children from New Jersey for an alleged sex party.
Investigators said George Castillo, 36, of Inglewood, California thought they were picking up a 4-year-old and 9-year-old girl from LAX but instead they were met by detectives. They allegedly had a stuffed animal and sex toys stashed in their car.
Some of the men communicated with detectives online, who pretended to be children or parents who were willing to sell their children for sex.
Other arrests include a youth minister, Michael DeBlock, 22, of Hopatcong; a 17-year-old Bergen county student accused of recording other kids in a bathroom; a Toms River piano teacher named Bryan San Andreas, 37; a Trenton Police officer; and James Cutrone, 52, a Hazlet swimming coach.
“The men we arrested lurked in the shadows of the internet and social media, looking for opportunities to sexually assault young children or to view such unspeakable assaults by sharing child pornography,” said Attorney General Porrino.
Investigators showed off some of the new technology they used to make the arrests, including a mobile cyber crime forensics van equipped with devices that can scan phones or computers for child porn. They also introduced reporters to Mega, one of the newest members of the State Police.
Mega, 2, is a German shepherd who can sniff out digital devices like an iPhone or external hard drive. They can pick up on the scent of a chemical that's inside the devices called TPPO. Mega is the only K-9 in the country who can sniff out these pieces of digital evidence and apprehend a criminal if they or they try to make a run for it.
“We've made these proactive child protection investigations a top priority by adding more staff for them at the state level and considerable new resources, including the mobile forensics lab and electronics detection dog,” said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice.
The men arrested could face decades in prison if convicted. The attorney general urged parents to stay vigilant and educate their children about the danger of predators online before and after giving them gifts such as a new iPhone this holiday.
Prosecutors identified the suspects and their charges as follows:
George Castillo, 36, of Inglewood, Calif., faces federal charges of transportation of a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity and production of child pornography, as well as New Jersey charges including first-degree conspiracy to commit child trafficking.
Joseph Donohew, 26, of Brownsburg, Ind., is charged in Indiana with attempted child molestation.
William Esker, 22, of Bayonne, N.J., was charged on Sept. 7 by the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office with aggravated criminal sexual contact for allegedly engaging in sexual conduct with a girl, 14, over whom they had direct supervision as a camp counselor. They also are charged with providing obscene material to a child and endangering the welfare of a child.
Donald Beckwith, 34, of Browns Mills, N.J., is charged in Delaware with sexual solicitation of a minor and attempt to commit unlawful sexual contact with a minor. Beckwith is a captain in the Air Force stationed in New Jersey.
Michael DeBlock, 22, of Hopatcong, N.J., a youth minister, was charged by the Sussex County Prosecutor's Office with possession of child pornography and conveying obscene materials to a child. DeBlock allegedly exchanged sexual photos and texts with a girl, 14, including a photo of their penis.
Brandon Morris, 24, of Hammonton, N.J., was charged by the Atlantic County Prosecutor's Office with manufacturing child pornography, endangering the welfare of a child by sexual conduct, conveying obscene materials to a child, and possession of child pornography.
A 17-year-old student from Bergen County, whose name is not being released because they are a juvenile, was charged by the Bergen County Prosecutor's Office with manufacturing, distributing and possessing child pornography, as well as invasion of privacy. They allegedly had over 1,000 files of suspected child pornography on their electronic devices.
Craig Kirschner, 39, of Marlboro, N.J., was charged by the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office with luring a child, attempted sexual assault of a minor, and conveying obscene material to a minor.
Isaac Toney, 40, of Trenton, N.J., was charged with luring a child, allegedly using a mobile app to do so.
Robert Elmi, 63, of Gillette, N.J., faces one charge of luring a child, allegedly using a Craigslist ad to solicit a relationship with a younger female.
William Camargo, 48, of Millington, N.J., an IT professional , allegedly had more than 138,000 files of suspected child pornography, and possibly more than one million files (determination awaiting full forensic examinations of computer equipment);
Callen Kapschock, 55, of Hamilton, Mercer County, N.J., a mechanic, allegedly had more than 10,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Md F. Uddin, 43, of Elizabeth, N.J., an engineer, allegedly had more than 5,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Kody Knotts, 22, of Millville, N.J., along with their two brothers immediately below, allegedly had a combined total of nearly 5,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Alexander Knotts, 27, of Millville, N.J.;
Kyle Knotts, 23, of Millville, N.J.;
Laurence Duque, 42, of Dayton, N.J., allegedly had over 4,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Gregory Piszczek, 35, of Woodbridge, N.J., an IT professional, allegedly had over 4,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Kevin Groeger, 63, of Cranford, N.J., a postal worker, allegedly had over 2,000 files of suspected child pornography;
Pasquale “Charles” Albano, 75, of Point Pleasant, N.J., allegedly had over 1,000 files of suspected child pornography; and
Juvenile Male, 17, referenced above, allegedly had over 1,000 files of suspected child pornography.
Paul Marinelli, 52, of South Brunswick, N.J., a Trenton police officer, charged with possession of child pornography.
James Cutrone, 54, of Hazlet, N.J., a youth swim coach, charged with distribution of child pornography.
Bryan San Andreas, 37, of Toms River, N.J., a piano teacher, charged with possession of child pornography.
John Parsons, 50, of Vineland, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Donald Williams, 39, of Camden, N.J., charged with distribution of child pornography.
Kevin Wenng, 35, of Cliffwood Beach, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Victor Kurynow, 58, of Bedminster, N.J., charged with attempted possession of child pornography and conveying obscene materials to a minor.
Paul Fuhs, 44, of Laurel Springs, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Ryan Stemetzki, 26, of Maple Shade, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Robert Ruff, 56, of Delran, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Robert King, 63, of North Wildwood, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Jason Locke, 42, of Manchester, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Stephen Slawinski, 60, of Morris Plains, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Herbert Ferreira, 43, of Dover, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Joseph Maruca, 26, of Berkeley Township, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
James Gilbertson, 60, of Manchester, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Christopher Todd, 49, of Lyndhurst, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Alexis Gonzalez, 28, of Hackensack, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Raul Rodriguez, 33, of Jersey City, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Dhanendhran Govender, 32, of East Windsor, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Luis Pacheco-Loja, 30, of Belleville, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Robert White, 66, of Morristown, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Jonathan Latiff 40, of Jersey City, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Anthony Gerace, 43, of Egg Harbor Township, N.J., charged with distribution of child pornography.
Antonio Baang, 26, of Galloway Township, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Richard Lake, 65, of Trenton, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Federico Flores, 29, of Rahway, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
James Agin, 69, of Westwood, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Fortino Rosales-Rodriguez, 22, of Oaklyn, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Justin Saavedra, 22, of Clifton, N.J., charged with distribution of child pornography.
Daniel Braz, 39, of South River, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Nelson Cintron, Jr., 54, of Collingswood, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Michael Brown, 28, of Pennsauken, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Erik Baez, 38, of Sicklerville, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Larry Gonzalez, 45, of Elizabeth, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Erik Johnson, 49, charged by Union County Prosecutor's Office with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Marco Biason, 68, of Dover, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Brian Neilson, 55, of Metuchen, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Thomas Smith, 54, of Woodstown, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Zachary Brawer, 31, of Paramus, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Brian J. Gardner, 74, of Nutley, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
John T. Ruffner, 37, of Lumberton, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
John Skubiak, 62, of Deptford, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Nicholas J. Novak, 66, of Ocean Township, Monmouth County, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Eric MacAfee, 41, of Seaside Heights, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Jeison Padilla, 29, of Somerville, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography and conveying obscene materials to a minor.
Justin England, 31, of North Plainfield, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Eric Yourish, 61, of North Plainfield, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Christopher Dunham, 22, of Rockaway, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Justin Piccola, 23, of Randolph, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Nicolas Bencze, 36, of Maywood, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Michael Yosco, 70, of Garfield, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Male Juvenile, age 14, of Bergen County, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
Julio Garcia, 29, of Bridgeton, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Joseph Lawitz, 34, of Hamilton, Mercer County, N.J., charged with possession of child pornography.
James Livas, 22, of Hopatcong, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Robert Fuscarino, 27, of Hopatcong, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Donovan Roots, 19, of Pilesgrove, N.J., charged with possession and distribution of child pornography.
Reza Aslan (Comedy Central)
CNN officially announced Friday that it is firing Iranian-American author, producer and host Reza Aslan just weeks following the firing of comedian Kathy Griffin.
“CNN has decided to not move forward with production on the acquired series ‘Believer with Reza Aslan,'” CNN said in a statement. “We wish Reza and their production team all the best.”
“'Believer' means a great deal to me and to the countless viewers it's reached,” Aslan said in their own statement on Twitter. “Its message of religious tolerance and exploration is extremely important right now. I am deeply grateful to CNN for giving me the opportunity to launch the show and to amplify my voice on their network. I am especially grateful to the legion of people within the Turner organization who worked so hard to make the show a hit series.”
“However, in these politically charged times, the tenor of our nation's discourse has become complicated, and I recognized that CNN needs to protect its brand as an unbiased outlet. Similarly, I need to honor my voice,” they continued. “I am not a journalist. I am a social commentator and scholar. And so I agree with CNN that it is best that we part ways. I look forward to partnering with another platform in the future and to continue to spread my message. I wish CNN all the best.”
The internet was furious as CNN is being seen as taking things too far and being hypocritical when it comes to conservative commentators like Jeffrey Lord, Kayleigh McEnany and former Rep. Jack Kingston (R-GA), all of whom have made inappropriate comments in the past and maintained their positions at CNN.
Check out the harsh reaction to CNN below:
CNN keeps firing people for insulting Trump, but still pays Jeffrey Lord, others to defame entire groups (& only sometimes get corrected). https://t.co/pjfS8JhJlV — Mike Signorile (@MSignorile) June 9, 2017
CNN is petrified of being labeled "liberal" and that's how they make decisions. — Michael Demmons (@mldemmons) June 9, 2017
And yet CNN continues to pay Kayleigh McEnany and Jeffrey Lord to lie on camera on a daily basis. — Eric Stoltz (@ericmstoltz) June 9, 2017
The @CNN program director who allows Jeffrey Lord to keep their job but fired Reza Aslan for anti-Trump tweets. pic.twitter.com/HDnyCeAHMY — Trump's not my Pres (@Nysteveo2AOLcom) June 9, 2017
Jeffry Lord has called Obama far worse than that… — Evan Layton (@ImaDisneyDork) June 9, 2017
So @CNN fires @rezaaslan for speaking an obvious truth, but Lord is allowed to continue to spew their nonsense? Got it. — Dave Miller (@ChiSoxDave) June 9, 2017
? But you keep Kayleigh, Jeffrey Lord & other @POTUS supported who denigrate anyone & everyone but @POTUS #LiarInChief. @donlemon why? — John Teal (@Suprmanj) June 9, 2017
@CNN fired Reza Aslan for telling the truth but paid Corey Lewandowski and Jeffrey Lord to lie for Trump. — Tabitha (@NotYourFool81) June 9, 2017
So who was the piece of shit over at @CNN who fired @rezaaslan? Does Jeffrey Lord still have a job? https://t.co/yk2yM6TRWI — Problem Child (@Adamtheactivist) June 9, 2017
Zucker keeps DJT comrades like Jeffery Lord on because they have admitted he's more interested in "entertainment" than news. CNN shames on you. — Mavs Fan (@DefeatTheHeat) June 9, 2017
Jeffrey Lord gets an eyeroll for routinely spouting utter nonsense–and later an apology even for that. Reza Aslan gets fired for one word. — David Burr Gerrard (@DBGerrard) June 9, 2017
Jeffrey Lord: To say that we have a… ”Muslim problem" is not to say anything outrageous. It's a simple statement of fact. — スコット (@y2skt7) June 9, 2017
@CNN You're dumping Reza Aslan while still keeping on Jeffrey Lord and Corey Lewandowski? Yeah, you lost the moral high ground. — (((Daniel Ben-Zvi))) (@DanBenZvi) June 9, 2017
Corey Lewandowski is cool though, right? — Maren Nicholson (@MissMaren5) June 9, 2017
Is the the same CNN who hired Corey Lewandowski after they assaulted a reporter? — Kevin Weaver (@kpweaver27) June 9, 2017
So CNN has canceled Reza Aslan's show b/c they tweeted that Trump is a "piece of shit," but hired Corey Lewandowski AFTER they assaulted someone — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) June 9, 2017
but Jeffrey Lords's racism is okay? Corey Lewandoski abuse is okay? Are you the Trump News Network now? — Melissa Byrne (@mcbyrne) June 9, 2017
For Shyamsundar and Chand Sachdeva, the CBSE Class 12 results declared on Saturday was another grim reminder of their son Aditya Sachdeva, who was allegedly shot dead by a legislator's son in a road rage incident a few weeks ago.
Aditya had appeared for the examination. But now that they were gone, no one in the family had looked up their result. There was eerie silence in their house in Swarajpuri as their father shut themselves in the bedroom. Their mother was lying on a sofa.
Aditya's brother Akash, who was at their shop, checked the results at the behest of reporters.
“Oh my God, they have secured 69.6 % marks. That's very good. But who's there to see their result now,” Akash exclaimed, as they broke into sobs.
Relatives who had gathered at Aditya's house spoke of how they had wanted to pursue higher education in business management and set up a luxury hotel in Bodh Gaya. “He had been preparing for going to a B-school,” said a relative.
Nazareth, the school they went to was closed on Saturday on account of Buddha Purnima.
On May 7, Rocky Yadav, son of now suspended JD (U) member of legislative council Manorama Devi and ‘business person' Bindi Yadav, allegedly shot dead Aditya for overtaking him.
First Published: May 21, 2016 21:33 IST
In 2015 let's smell the fear of the ruling class
The struggle for radical change can leave us feeling burnt out, isolated and on the run. It's an uphill struggle most of the time in which the agencies of the state and the hierarchies that it supports, including a grossly unjust economic system, appear to be forever in the ascendency. In 2015 we need to put the struggle we face in perspective and see some of the actions we take as the progress they surely are. We might not be victorious but we have won some battles and each win should spur us on.
When we think of some of the actions taken against us it can be bewildering. In recent times the state has helped arm the police to new levels. They have the power to infiltrate movements and gather intelligence like never before. We've recently learned of their tendency to steal the identities of dead babies in order to infiltrate groups and disrupt campaigning. Meanwhile the state continues to legislate away communal existence and spaces. Bands of workers have been undermined by successive pieces of legislation whilst trade union bureaucracies now personalise struggle with the rise of individual casework. Neoliberalism is now a feature of the left and it affects the weaponry in its arsenal.
Austerity has exacerbated our feelings of hopelessness as vital lifelines for people have been cut. Issues of housing, health and welfare have come to the fore as those at the margins of society suffer and the attacks protrude inwards towards the majority.
Despite all of this our struggle continues; because of it. In fact, our struggle seems in fantastic health. We are hitting back. There is so much going on in terms of groups campaigning for those on benefits, fighting eviction, environmental issues and a host of other concerns that it's hard to keep up.
To add to this on occasion we're winning. The Poor Doors protest, supported by Freedom News, have seen developer Redrow on the run. There has been some success too for the New Era estate campaign. Well planned and executed industrial action also gets results, such as the 3 Cosas campaign and other small scale activity.
Sometimes you can even sense the fear of the ruling class. I recently telephoned a business person on behalf of their workforce who they owe money. The last thing they were expecting was this simple phone call requesting negotiations. An individual with power over livelihoods came across as timid and scared simply because there are more of us than there are of him. Their voice trembled and they stumbled over their words. It was empowering and it's an experience I've had time and time again when I've come up against bosses not used to dealing with union activists.
When the Tories talk about limiting union action further it's because they fear collective action. The fact that we face the full force of the state at times is exactly because we have the power to exact radical change. When the police infiltrate a group it's because they are fearful. And they should be fearful because we stand to change their cosy way of life. We should take heart from the fact that they fear us and will do anything they can get away with to harm our chances. It's frustrating, dangerous and it can be demoralising but ultimately it is proof that we're on the right tracks. So, whilst we should take heart we should not embrace it. It's simply proof that people operating democratically and collectively still actually means something.
The Poor Doors protests were a classic example of something starting small and getting more and more important. It built up from a handful of people to becoming a weekly street party with people dancing to the bands that turned up and ultimately it got recognition from the people with the power to make changes to the building (and there should be news on that front soon).
The recent example of the love Activists taking over a disused RBS building near Trafalgar Square in London saw a classic example of ruling class fear. The organisers simply wanted to use an empty building to provide free meals to the homeless of Christmas Day. Instead they were illegally evicted and then barred from re-entering the building, contrary to a court ruling. They were then hassled and harassed on the street by the authorities, hell bent on preventing this fundamentally brilliant thing from taking place. It seems that capitalism can't even allow collective good will at Christmas. See how quickly they move when people expose injustice and inequality. See how quickly they move when people simply try to provide the poor with some food.
Obviously, the fact that we face such hostility means that we need to carry on organising effectively. We don't win every battle and the general trend of neoliberal economics backed up by pliant politicians will continue for some time. But when we band together and we carefully choose our tactics we can sometimes pierce the neoliberal bubble.
In 2015 we will know when they're scared; it will be when they are acting against us because we are awesome.
Jon Bigger
Bob Huggins is going to be completely fine. He'll be fine because that's who they are, and he's going to want us all to move past what happened last night. Huggs will take no looks in rear-view mirrors. There will not be to be a March sabbatical for a coach with their best team since Da'Sean Butler decided to not lose. They were joking about players and referees alike trying to kill them less than a minute after collapsing on a basketball court. He'll be fine.
Despite all that, last night made everyone in that building and in the entire state of West Virginia (and beyond) feel something. Whether it be worry, fear, or the idea that we might be closer to the end of Bob Huggins' West Virginia Mountaineers than we are to the beginning, something stirred inside us.
West Virginia basketball will remain and West Virginia basketball will win. John Beilein saved this program and Bob Huggins came home to take it to the next level. But this was more than just a good coach.
The on-court successes are one thing, but with Bob Huggins, it has always seemed to mean more. They get us, and we get him. He's more than a coach—he's a drinking buddy, a friend, a mentor, and sometimes they seem like a surrogate father for an entire state.
To us, Bob Huggins is more than a basketball coach and always will be. And when they went down on Monday night, I don't think there was a heart beating across the entire state of West Virginia.
Don't lie—you've had that fear in the back of your head that we'd see something like that happen. We make the jokes: “Truck is going to kill him.” “Those wacky #Big12Refs are going to send our Huggs to the hospital.” We know the history. Then, it happened. They called a timeout to coach up their team for a final shot, then they went down.
The entire team responded to pick up a larger than life man, and if they could, every single human being in the Coliseum would have been right down on the floor with them. That was our dad down there, and everyone's worst fear coming true.
Really, where I'm going with this is to remind all of us to not take a second of this for granted. At the end of the day, sports are sports. They're dumb, unimportant, and something that should never be taken seriously. Despite all that, they can mean everything to a beaten down state with not much more to hang its hat on. Bob Huggins represents the best and worst of all that. Swear, right now, that you will not forget one line of this era.
Don't forget them walking out on the carpet and coming home. Don't forget them turning John Beilein's spot shooters into a rough and tumble half court monster. Don't forget Devin Ebanks dunking over Pittsburgh. Don't forget Joe Mazzulla beating Boogie Cousins. Don't forget the country learning what we knew already when Da'Sean Butler was on the court in Indianapolis. Don't forget Kevin Jones going for 20-10 at will. Don't forget them saying, over and over, that they would fix it. Don't forget them fixing it.
Again, Bob Huggins will be fine. He's always fine because that's who they are and why they represent us so well. But, this era will end and it may end before we want it too. And no matter what happens when it does—whether Darris Nichols comes full circle, whether we stay in-house or go national—we're going to lose something that can never be replaced, and we must never forget that.
Alberta's energy minister says a protest that halted pipeline hearings in Montreal this week was “disrespectful,” but they acknowledge the province perhaps needs to do a better job of selling its message on pipelines in the East.
“Standing up and yelling isn't constructive in any situation,” Margaret McCuaig-Boyd said Tuesday.
The National Energy Board cancelled further hearings on Energy East until it rules on motions that demand two panel members resign after they met in early 2015 with former Quebec premier Jean Charest, then a lobbyist for TransCanada, the company behind the project.
The $15.7-billion Energy East would transport crude oil from Hardisty, Alta., to Saint John, N.B.
That decision won't be made until after the written submission deadline Sept. 7.
“Disruptions like this one compromise the board's ability to conduct the session in a secure manner and also prevent interveners from having an opportunity to be heard, sharing their views and asking questions,” an NEB statement said of the Monday protests.
“All participants in this hearing have a right to be heard and with respect.”
McCuaig-Boyd said while there will always be groups vocally opposed to pipelines, they think there is a large number of people in the middle who have legitimate questions “and will support pipelines if those questions are answered.”
“We need to get people back and get some good dialogue happening, and answer the questions people have,” they said.
“I encourage the NEB to figure out a way to get those voices that we want to hear, heard.”
McCuaig-Boyd said they have heard from Quebec companies that the Alberta government's climate leadership plan is helping the pipeline discussion.
They believe that plan will help develop the social licence some argue is needed before a pipeline becomes an acceptable option.
Official Opposition Leader Brian Jean disagreed, saying the delay of the NEB hearing was “clear evidence” the climate leadership plan hasn't changed anyone's mind.
“Albertans were told that in exchange for paying $9 billion in carbon taxes over the next five years, projects like Energy East would be given a fair shake by the radical left and its activists within the environmental movement,” they said in a statement.
“It is crystal clear that there is no appeasement of these groups. There will be no social licence gained by taxing Albertans.”
egraney@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EmmaLGraney
Ardor (ARDR) Platform Review: BlockChain 101
Ardor (ARDR) Platform Review- One of the most anticipated projects to launch at the end of Q4 2017 is the featured packed Block Chain known as Ardor.
From the creators of the NXT BlockChain Ardor builds and improves upon the NXT technology the developer Jelurida that runs both blockchains NXT and Ardor described the new blockchain Ardor as the evolution of the NXT blockchain where new features have been added such as pruning and child chain creation.
Ignis the first child chain ICO will become available immediately when the Ardor blockchain launches towards the end of December 2017. For more information on the anticipated Ignis ICO, please click the link here.
First of all, this will not be a technical review of Ardor as admittingly I find the robust features of the Ardor platform to be confusing to explain at the best of times. Instead, I will be reviewing the Ardor platforms potential as being a worthwhile cryptocurrency investment.
The Highlights of the Ardor Review will include:
* Ardor a brief Introduction
* The Ardor Team
* Ardor Marketing Strategy
* Ardor Investment Analysis
Before we begin, please understand that cryptocurrencies, in general, are high risk- high reward investments. As with any investment, please research before carefully deciding to invest. Having said this, I do believe Ardor has a bright future and could prove to be a lucrative cryptocurrency Investment.
Ardor(ARDR) Crypto Platform Review- Introduction
Ardor can be described as a 100% Proof of stake Scalable blockchain platform that is efficient and simple enough to use that Banks, businesses and governments will find this technology beneficial at meeting their technical objectives.
Jelurida, the company behind Ardor and the NXT blockchain, mentions that Ardors blockchain technology is disruptive and I believe Ardor could prove to be a worthy competitor to other popular Crypto blockchain platforms such as Ethereum, NEM, and Waves.
The Current market cap of Ardor (ARDR) is USD 197,610,092 and Ardor has a current total circulating supply of 998,999,495 ARDR tokens.
At the moment Ardor has reached all of its roadmap milestones below I have copied and pasted their official roadmap which can also be viewed at Jelurida.
Ardor(ARDR) Crypto Platform Review- The Team
The Ardor team is composed of four accomplished individuals who seem competent in their niche areas of expertise.
I was surprised to notice that the companies team was so small considering the applications of the Ardor platform and growth it should experience I have no hesitations that it will only expand in the future.
At the moment it does look like they have a few job openings you can click here if you're interested. The fact that Ardor is hiring is a great sign as it means that the blockchain platform is expanding.
Ardor (ARDR) Platform Token Review- Marketing Strategy
Ardor has been marketing its blockchain technology quite well considering it has not even launched yet, and you can find recent updates on platforms such as Reddit, Twitter, Bitcointalk and the NXT forum.
A fundamental problem for Ardor I believe it's a very technical platform and when they describe the platform to the average person including myself at times, I have a hard time understanding some of the concepts.
I believe if Ardor simplifies its marketing language it will attract more users and investors in the future.
Ardor (ARDR) Platform Crypto Review- Investment Analysis
Many promising Crypto Currency projects will be launching essential updates in 2018. I believe Ardor is one of the critical Crypto related blockchain events that is worth watching.
If the features of the Ardor blockchain prove to be as feature packed as Jelurida has mentioned, then I can only see the value increasing in 2018.
This is a long-term investment, so if you purchase the Ardor token, then you should not expect any short-term profits.
I believe Ardor (ARDR) is best suited and will reward long-term holders and believers in it promising technology.
(As always please do your research before investing in crypto projects this review is my own opinion and is not meant to be taken as investment advice.)
Recent Reviews:
Kyber Network
The OX Project
Status Network
TenX
Donations:
Ether Address:0x16cB8818F4f8e69c9E1bb01dfeeE5e67A8F86D2A
Bitcoin Address:17w5m2Pgp2fzGS9fcSNvzBAndePW1ErWVC
New Delhi: Ahead of Gujarat elections and the upcoming winter session of Parliament, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) national convener and Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal has asked non-National Democratic Alliance (NDA) parties to join hands to fight the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Addressing volunteers during the AAP's national convention on the occasion of its fifth anniversary on Sunday, Kejriwal said: “I appeal to the people of Gujarat to give your vote to the candidate or party that can defeat the BJP. You can fulfil the country's aim of defeating BJP in this election. Defeating them is very important. It could be an AAP candidate or from some other opposition party. If there is any other party winning, vote for them to defeat the BJP."
Kejriwal was addressing volunteers from 22 states at the Ramlila Maidan. It was at the same venue that the India Against Corruption initiative, led by social activist Anna Hazare, took birth. AAP, formed in 2012, traces its roots to that initiative. “In 2011, we had gathered here to fight corruption but that fight is still on. We will not sit down till corruption is tackled. Today it has been five years since the AAP was formed. On this occasion, I want to congratulate those who worked to make this possible," Kejriwal said.
“Coming to Ramlila Maidan makes me remember the old days. The people of this country were asking for something very small from here. They were only asking for a law to ensure that those who indulge in corruption are sent to jail. The government did not agree to pass a bill but the common man created their own party," they added.
The national convention saw the party take stock of its performance and discuss national issues. Senior leaders including deputy chief minister of Delhi Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Kumar Vishwas and Sanjay Singh were in attendance.
Commenting on the performance of the Delhi government, Kejriwal said, “People still remember that 49-day government. What politicians and big parties could not do in 70 years, aam aadmi (common man) managed to do in 49 days. In the second election, they got 67 out of 70 seats and this scared the other parties. There has been work done in the last three years without corruption."
Looks like the White House is having trouble getting out of the habit of using the Department of Justice for political purposes.
The Washington Post reports that President Bush has asked DOJ to look into a request by House Republican leader John Boehner that would force Ohio's Secretary of State to provide local election officials with information on 200,000 newly registered voters who have mismatched registration data. That could make it possible for Republicans to issue challenges to many of these voters, perhaps forcing them to cast provisional ballots.
Last week the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Ohio Republicans, who were seeking to force the Secretary of State, Democrat Jennifer Brunner, to provide the information on mismatches to local officials, did not have standing to bring the case.
Boehner announced yesterday in a press release that they had sent a letter earlier this week to Attorney General Michael Mukasey, asking them to take action, but received no response. They then turned to the White House for help — warning in a letter to President Bush that if no action were taken, “there is a significant risk if not a certainty, that unlawful votes will be cast and counted.”
White House Press Secretary Dana Perino characterized the move as “a routine step that would be taken for any such request from a congressional leader,” according to the Post.
But it's worth remembering that much of the politicization of the Department of Justice that was exposed in the U.S. Attorneys scandal centered on voting issues, and specifically on an effort by the White House and DOJ to prioritize voter fraud prosecutions despite scant evidence that such fraud was occurring.
As voting rights groups point out, the mismatches at issue in this case are often nothing more than that the name on a voter's drivers license includes a middle initial, while that on their voter registration form does not.
Jon Greenbaum of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, told the Post: “This is taking the politicization of this to a new level.”
We'll be watching this closely.
According to a new study, estrogen levels are likely to drop more rapidly in the days just before menstruation for women with a history of migraine than they do for women who do not have migraine.
Advertising
The findings showed that the women with a migraine history had a faster rate of estrogen, a sex hormone which, decline regardless of whether they had a migraine during that cycle or not.
In the two days after the peak estrogen level in the period after ovulation and before menstruation, the estrogen levels in the women with migraine dropped by 40 per cent compared to 30 per cent for women without migraine.
The rate dropped 34 picro grams per milli gram of creatinine (pg/mgCr) in women with migraine, compared to 23 pg/mgCr in women without migraine, suggesting that there's a process that links estrogen withdrawal and menstrual migraine, the researchers explained.
“These results suggest that a ‘two-hit' process may link estrogen withdrawal to menstrual migraine,” said lead author Jelena Pavlovic from Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the US.
For other hormone patterns, there were no differences between women with migraine and women who did not have migraine.
“More rapid estrogen decline may make women vulnerable to common triggers for migraine attacks such as stress, lack of sleep, foods and wine,” Pavlovic added.
For the study, published online in the journal Neurology, the team reviewed migraine history, daily headache diaries and hormone data for 114 women of an average 47 years, with a history of migraine and 223 women without a history of migraine.
In addition, the investigators measured hormone levels from daily urine samples for one monthly cycle and the participants' peak hormone levels, average daily levels and day-to-day rates of decline were calculated over the five days following each hormone peak in their cycles.
Advertising
“Future studies should focus on the relationship between headaches and daily hormone changes and explore the possible underpinnings of these results,” Pavlovic noted.
Retirement isn't all painting and baseball for former President George W. Bush: late Wednesday, their publisher revealed that the 43rd president has written a second book, this time about their father, former President George H. W. Bush.
According to the Crown Publishing, the book will be released on November 11, almost four years to the day after Bush Jr. published Decision Points, a memoir of their own presidency. That earlier book, per Crown, is the bestselling memoir written by a former commander-in-chief.
“George H. W. Bush is a great servant, statesman, and father,” the younger Bush said in the press release announcing the book. “I loved writing the story of their life, and I hope others enjoy reading it.”
In Thursday's Politico Playbook, Mike Allen writes that while Bush Jr. “had help from researchers,” the president wrote the book themselves over two years, after researching in 2011 and 2012.
As of yet, the book's name has not been released. Here's the book's description, via Crown Publishing:
George Bush FOLLOW Mike Allen FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
We car buyers have many different reasons for making purchase decisions. It may be the car's powertrain that sways us, or the design of the sheetmetal. Of all the millions of variables, there's a personal, practical formula we attempt to define as we research and test drive; a balance between wants and needs wrapped up in the significance of a $30,000 purchase.
Yet there are a few features on everyone's list – and one such must-have is safety. Good ratings are a universal must-have, and when organizations such as the Insurance Institute of Highway Safety (IIHS) come out with improved scores on a redesigned vehicle, automakers hope that it will improve sales and bolster the brand's reputation with consumers.
FOLLOW DAILY NEWS AUTOS ON FACEBOOK. 'LIKE' US HERE.
So it is with Toyota and the 2018 Camry. As a part of its recent 2018 model changes, improvements have earned the top-selling sedan an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ designation. The award comes due to changes made to the front crash prevention system (which is also now standard), and to all available headlights. This, in addition to already strong scores in other categories, put the Camry over the top.
Thanks to Toyota's standard automatic emergency braking technology, the 2018 Camry earned a "superior" front crash prevention rating. (Toyota)
To earn the Top Safety Pick+, a vehicle must have good ratings in all five crashworthiness tests: small overlap front, moderate overlap front, side, roof strength and head restraints. A vehicle must also score an advanced or superior rating for front crash prevention, and an acceptable or good headlight rating.
As such, the Camry's standard front crash prevention system is now rated superior, thanks to the addition of an automatic braking system that brought the car to a complete stop during testing. In addition, the Camry avoided a collision during tests at 12 mph and 25 mph.
Gallery: 2018 Toyota Camry XLE Photos
The Camry's standard LED headlights earned an acceptable headlight rating, as did headlights available on the XLE and XSE models. The adaptive headlights on the Camry Hybrid earned a good score. The institute's headlight evaluation scores on a poor, marginal, acceptable, and good scale. According to the IIHS, engineers measure the reach of a vehicle's headlights as the vehicle travels straight and on curves during straightaways, gradual left/right curves, and sharp left/right curves.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has yet to test the redesigned Camry, though the previous generation sedan earned a five-star overall rating in the government regulator's evaluations.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Did you find this article helpful? If so, please share it using the "Join the Conversation" buttons below, and thank you for visiting Daily News Autos.
I used to write Sass that looks like this:
color : $body -text-color padding : $sidebar -padding
I don't like it any more. Now I love Sass that looks like this:
color : $hot -pink padding : 20px
The first is an example of abstracting the actual value away from the place you're using it, with a more generic, semantically-named variable in its place.
This approach has many fans, especially when it comes to colours. Here's a simplified example from Sacha Greif's post on the topic:
$blue : #00f $red : #f00 $text - color : $blue $link - color : $red .foo color : $text -color a color : $link -color
After doing things like this for a while, I've found that it doesn't make long-term maintenance easier and actually slows down development.
It depends on what you mean by “semantic”.
For a variable name to be semantic, it must convey useful meaning. For me as a developer, this is anything but semantic:
.sidebar color : $sidebar -text-color
$sidebar-text-color doesn't add any value or meaning that I can't already infer from the selector and property name. It's just repeating information.
To get any meaningful information I need to follow the chain up to one of the two other places that define this value:
$hot -pink: #bc436c $sidebar -text- color : $hot -pink color : $sidebar -text-color
That might not sound like much, but multiply it out across your whole project and you get a lot more development overhead.
On the other hand, take this example:
.sidebar color : $hot -pink
Immediately there's more useful information available. $hot-pink still abstracts away the meaningless machine-friendly colour code, but adds more meaning for the human developer.
Plus, it's only defined in one place now if I want to see the actual value:
$hot -pink: #bc436c color : $hot -pink
But isn't that a maintenance nightmare?
The common argument goes like this:
What if I want to change my text from hot pink to forest green? I can't just change $hot-pink 's value to green. That makes no sense!
Agreed. So instead of adding a layer of abstraction that doesn't really do anything to solve that problem, just add the new colour to your palette and update the value where required instead:
$hot -pink: #bc436c $forest -green: #0c5c19 color : $forest -green
Ok? Ok.
But what if I need to update the colour in multiple places?
Update it in multiple places, it's really not that hard.
I can't think of a time when I've wanted to change a value globally across my stylesheet, regardless of where it is used.
I spend the vast majority of my time inside individual modules. Modules are standalone and independent, so I can't think of a case where I'd want to say “change this value wherever it appears in any module”.
Theming
If you generate multiple themes from a single stylesheet or reuse a module across different stylesheets, variables are great! In that case, $sidebar-text-color is genuinely variable, it's not just a global constant with a different name, so I'd totally do this:
$sidebar -text- color : $hot -pink $sidebar -text- color : $red $sidebar -text- color : $orange color : $sidebar -text-color
But how often do you really need to do this? It's pretty rare for me.
Summary
Nicolas Gallagher told us a year ago that content-derived class names aren't always the most useful names for developers, but we're still carrying all that baggage from when we were told that .bold and .red were grounds for expulsion from web development.
Abstracting reusable colours away into human-readable variables, like $hot-pink , is awesome and recommended.
However defining a whole other set of variables with content- or module-derived names…
Doesn't make long-term maintenance easier. If I need to change a colour in a module, it's easier to just update a human-readable value right there in the module.
Slows down development. Finding or creating a global variable every time I add a color or background property to a ruleset is painful.
If you take this idea beyond colours, you might end up with:
.sidebar background : $sidebar -background-color color : $sidebar -text-color padding : $sidebar -padding-value text-align : $sidebar -alignment
And that doesn't look like much fun at all. I'd much rather author and maintain this:
A federal district court has found that this happened, and that this violated the Constitution. From Bower v. Lawrence County Children and Youth Services (W.D. Pa. Aug. 12, 2013) (some paragraph breaks added):
In July 2009, Bower was a twenty years old resident of Lawrence County, Pennsylvania. On July 12, 2009 at approximately 7:00 p.m., Bower hosted a barbecue dinner at their new home. As part of the meal, Bower consumed linguini salad with McCormick Foods Supreme Pasta salad dressing which contained poppy seeds. Bower used two bottles of the salad dressing with one pound of pasta. Bower Deposition at 127. Shortly after dinner, Bower went into labor. During their pregnancy, Bower had received necessary and appropriate prenatal care and had passed every drug screen that had been administered, including a drug test taken approximately three weeks earlier, on June 22, 2009. At 9:20 p.m., Bower was admitted to Jameson for the birth of their second child. At that time, Jameson had a written drug testing policy (the “Policy”) by which all obstetrical patients were administered a urine drug screen in order to identify newborns who may demonstrate symptoms of drug withdrawal and require special observation and treatment…. The hospital laboratory detection level for opiate metabolites is 300 nanograms/mL, which is far lower than the 2000 nanograms/mL level set by the federal government for federal workplace testing programs. Jameson's Policy further required that if a mother tested positive, a drug test be performed on the newborn's urine and meconium. The Policy required Jameson to notify its social service department whenever a maternity patient's initial drug screen was positive. In July 2009, every initial positive drug screen result was reported by Jameson's social services staff to LCCYS.
Even though the mother noted the possibility that the positive test result came from poppy seeds, and there was no confirmation that the test result actually reflected drug use (or any other evidence that the mother used drugs), the baby wasn't returned to the mother until 75 days after the baby's birth. The court held that the county's actions violated the mother's constitutional rights:
[T]he LCCYS policy can result in the separation of mother and child within days of birth without any valid basis for doing so. As illustrated by the timeline in this case, there was no need for precipitous, ex parte court action. Baby Brandon remained in the hospital for several days, during which time LCCYS could have corroborated (or questioned) the initial urine screen result. Indeed, the LCCYS Intake Screening Form noted that there was no present or impending danger. By taking custody of Baby Brandon without any effort to corroborate the drug test and without talking to the parent, LCCYS policy did not provide sufficient protection for the fundamental parental rights involved in light of the drastic nature of the deprivation. The LCCYS action in this case was an arbitrary use of government power which transcended the realm of negligence and deliberate indifference. [Caseworker Eva] Lightel stated: “I have the hospital saying they tested positive and that was enough for me [to get an ex parte order to take the child].” The removal of Baby Brandon based solely on Jameson's report of the initial urine screen — with no individualized investigation — shocks the conscience and violates Plaintiff's substantive due process rights.
Pretty appalling. I agree that the law should try to protect children from neglect and abuse by their parents, including that evidenced by a mother's using dangerous and illegal drugs during pregnancy. And I agree that there will always be some errors in such processes, as in any other human processes. But an error such as this, which endured for 75 days, is much harder to justify.
U.S. Army Europe Gen. Frederick Kroesen and their wife, Rowena, were being driven to the dentist in Heidelberg when their armor-plated car was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade in Sept. 1981. The couple received minor injuries.
One spring day in 1972, V Corps barracks in Frankfurt was bombed, killing one American officer and injuring 13.
Two weeks later, two car bombs exploded inside U.S. Army Headquarters' Campbell Barracks. Three U.S. soldiers died in the blasts and five were wounded.
Fourteen people were hurt when Rhein-Main Air Base was bombed in August 1981. When it was bombed again in 1985, two people were killed. Another person, Spc. Edward Pimental, had been murdered the night before for their identification card and the access to the base it provided.
U.S. soldiers and airmen stationed in Germany were repeatedly terrorist targets in the 1970s through the mid-1980s. Scores were wounded — although the death toll was fewer than 10 — in a series of a bombings spread over a decade.
Even the Army's top general in Europe wasn't immune. Gen. Frederick Kroesen, U.S. Army Europe commander, and their wife could have been killed in September 1981 when their armor- plated Mercedes was hit by a rocket- propelled grenade and automatic rifle fire as they motored along a Heidelberg street on the way to the dentist.
“I remember looking at my husband and seeing the blood run down their neck,” said Rowena Kroesen, in a phone interview from their home in Alexandria, Va., where they and their husband are retired.
The two were taken to the hospital, where bits of glass were removed from their skin and clothes. Then their husband went to Fulda to give a talk.
“And I went on to the dentist,” they said.
The terrorists of that time were German, primarily a group of former students, journalists and intellectuals called the Baader-Meinhof Gang, also known as the Red Army Faction. They, along with the Red Brigades in Italy, espoused an anti- imperialist, antiwar, anti-capitalist ethos, and sought to kill German politicians and industrialists, as well as striking U.S. interests.
“They staged some fairly spectacular bombings,” said Andy Morris, one of three U.S. Army Europe historians. “But it had no long-term impact.”
But there was no “war on terror” then.
“It was a strictly law-and-order operation,” Morris said.
At least in retrospect, the psychological impact, such as the death toll, seems to have been less severe than the fear from the current wave of ruthless terrorist bombings of civilians.
“We may have had some wives who were leery but everybody still went everywhere and did everything,” Kroesen recalled. “There were so many incidents. We just lived with it.”
Despite the threat, increased security measures at American bases were fleeting. Bruce Siemon, another USAREUR historian, said after the second Rhein- Main bombing, checks were put in place at the base gates that created long lines in the mornings.
“That lasted a couple of weeks,” they said.
Over the ensuing decade, with repeated terrorist bombings on a far bigger scale, resulting in growing numbers of people killed, things changed.
The terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, “changed our perception of what the enemy was capable of doing,” said USAREUR historian Kevin McKedy.
Daniel Keohane, a terrorism expert at the Centre for European Reform in London, said they saw significant differences between the Red Army Faction and today's radical Islamist militants, in ideology, tactics and weaponry.
“The amount and the number of bombs are on a greater scale than any European group has ever used,” they said.
Rowena Kroesen did not emerge unscathed from their brush with terror, despite what seemed to be minor injuries. The explosion left them with tinnitus, or ringing in the ears, that they still deal with, they said. And they remember that hours after the attack, after they turned out the lights to go to sleep, their nonchalance had vanished.
“I started to shake,” they said.
They lay in bed, involuntarily shaking away, until their husband noticed. The general told them she'd be OK.
“He said, ‘Don't worry. It's your first time to be fired on.'”
A sign from the universe? Chris Davis has now been robbed of five homers this season
We've known for a while that Chris Davis is capable of hitting lots of home runs -- their 43 homers this season, which are tied for most in MLB as of Saturday morning, can attest to that. But what we know now is that these home runs are even more impressive than typical homers, because they hit all of them while defying the universe's wishes.
At this point, it's pretty obvious that some force in the universe does not want Davis mashing dingers. Behold: The five times Davis has been robbed of a home run since the beginning of July.
That last one came Friday night, when, with the aid of the Red Sox bullpen cop, Mookie Betts leapt and snatched away Davis' solo shot. Through the incredible feats of those immensely talented outfielders, the universe is sending Davis a very clear message.
Two is a coincidence. Three's a trend. Four is a cosmic irregularity. But five -- that's a wrecking ball demolishing your apartment while you're trying to figure out if you're in control of the plot of your life.
Davis'll just have to hit their homers extra hard from now and say, "You cannot deny me, universe."
The Art of Magic: The Gathering - Kaladesh
Lathnu, the City at the Top of the World
[This is an official Wizards of the Coast preview from the Art of Magic book, out January 2017]
The plane of Kaladesh is the newest unique and exciting world that players can visit as part of the Magic the Gathering multiverse, made unique by the prevalence of aether in every aspect of the world. Normally an invisible, intangible cosmic energy, aether is so prevalent on Kaladesh that it shapes the very forms of nature and has become the core of all humanoid technology. Flying machines are powered by aether, elvish druids help the forests grow through communion with aether, and wildlife feeds and grows with the aether currents through the plane. Nowhere is this more apparent than the city of Lathnu, the city a top of the world, and home to the Human and Dwarven Aether Miners.
“Perched high on the Devra Cliffs in the far north, the city of Lathnu is among the most remote major outposts of civilization on Kaladesh. A constant wind of thin, icy air howls around the sheer cliffs, hundreds of feet tall, and whips through the city. Legend holds that north of Lathnu rises the Great Climb, a wall of mountains that separates Kaladesh from the heavens. Local guides insist that the only thing north of Lathnu is an icy grave on a rocky mountainside.”
“Lathnu is a small settlement of hardy, independent-minded people—mostly human, but also including a sizable minority of dwarves. Additionally, the aether refinement process gives rise to aetherborn, many of whom happily take jobs in the very factories that gave them life. Very few vedalken or elves live in Lathnu, as they don't tolerate the cold as well as other races.”
“A vertical rail track leads from Lathnu to the base of the cliff, where goods are transferred to and from caravans that navigate the sparse trail through the mountains that eventually leads to Ghirapur. Most of the traffic in and out of Lathnu is by air, though, and a surprisingly busy airdock hangs off the edge of the cliff.”
“Mining. Lathnu's economy centers on the mining and smelting of the various metal ores found in the mountains. The city is one of the primary sources of metal to feed Ghirapur's insatiable appetite for the raw materials that yield so many wondrous devices.”
“Aether Harvesting. Thanks to the high altitude, the people of Lathnu are able to harvest aether with rooftop collectors. Rather than one large refining facility, Lathnu has a dozen smaller ones, allowing individuals to refine and sell their own aether. The industry is surprisingly efficient, effectively supporting Lathnu's laborers and engineers and even augmenting Ghirapur's supply. Some aether leaves the city by airship, but a large pipeline now connects Lathnu to the distant capital city.”
Want to learn more about Kaladesh? Check out stories, the cards, art, and more on the Wizards Homepage!
A verbosity conundrum
Here's the scoop: Quicklisp hides too much information when building software, and it can't easily be controlled.
That is partly intentional. Remember the post about clbuild a few days ago? The information hiding is a reaction to the (often joyous) sense, when using clbuild, that you were on the cutting, unstable edge of library development, likely at any given time to hack on a supporting library in addition to (or instead of) your primary application.
To muffle that sense, I wanted the libraries Quicklisp provided to be loaded quietly. Loaded as though they were building blocks, infrastructure pieces that can be taken for granted. Loaded without seeing pages of style-warnings, warnings, notices, and other stuff that you shouldn't need to care about. (I realize, now, that this voluminous output isn't common to all CL implementations, but even so, one of the loudest implementations is also one of the most popular.)
I still feel good about the concept. I don't usually want to see supporting library load output, but if I do, there's always (ql:quickload "foo" :verbose t) .
But the default quiet-output mode of quickload interacts with something else in a way I didn't expect, a way I don't like, and a way that I don't really know how to fix.
I switched from using (asdf:load-system "foo") to using (ql:quickload "foo") . This works because Quicklisp's quickload can “see” any system that can be found via ASDF, even if it isn't a system provided by Quicklisp. Quickload also automatically fetches, installs, and loads Quicklisp-provided systems on demand, as needed, to make the system load. It's super-convenient.
Unfortunately, that now means that the quiet-output philosophy is being applied to very non-infrastructure-y code, the code I'm working on at the moment, the code where I really do want to know if I'm getting warnings, style-warnings, notes, and other stuff.
It didn't bother me a lot at first. When you're writing something interactively in slime, C-c C-c (for a single form) and C-c C-k (for an entire file) will highlight the things you need to care about. But over time I've really started to miss seeing to compile and load output of my own projects differently, and more verbosely, than the output from “infrastructure.” It would be nice to be able to see and fix new warnings I accidentally introduce, in code that I'm directly responsible for.
Unfortunately, I don't know enough about ASDF to know if it's possible, much less how to implement it.
The special variables and condition handlers that implement quiet-output are installed around a single toplevel call to asdf:load-system . Everything after that point is handled by ASDF. Loading a given system may involve loading an unknown mix of Quicklisp-provided systems and other systems. I can think of many ways to identify systems as originating from Quicklisp, but even if they're identified as such, I can't think of a way to intercede and say “When loading a system provided by Quicklisp, be quiet, otherwise, be verbose.”
Ideally, of course, it would be nice to be able to be totally verbose, totally quiet, or a mix of the two, depending on some property of a system. But at the moment, I just don't see where I can hook into things temporarily to implement the policy I want.
If you have any ideas about how this might be done, please email me at xach@xach.com. Working proof-of-concept code would be the most welcome form of help; I don't have much time to chase down a lot of “have-you-tried-this?” speculation. But I'll gratefully take whatever I can get.
All 20 Battle of the Bulge Medal of Honor Recipients
The battle of the bulge is the biggest battle that the United States has been in during World War 2. Many divisions have fought here during the winter of 1944-1945. I thought it was interesting to make a complete list of Medal of Honor recipients so that you can read up on very heroic stories! Click on their names to read their full story.
Arthur O. Beyer – 603rd Tank Destroyer Battalion – near Arloncourt, Belgium on January 15th 1945. Beyer used their carbine and hand grenades to single-handedly to destroy two German machine guns positions.
Melvin E. Biddle – 1st Battalion, 517th Parachute Infantry Regiment – near Soy, Belgium on December 23rd 1944. Biddle kille three enemy snipers and silenced four hostile machine gun emplacements.
Paul L. Bolden – I Co. 120th Regiment, 30th Infantry Division – near Petite-Coo, Belgium on December 23rd 1944. Bolden advanced to a German-held house. They tossed grenades inside and rushed through the door to kill the Germans. They were wounded by the great amount of Germans inside so they got out. After realizing they wouldn't surrender, Bolden went inside again and killed the remaining Germans.
Richard E. Cowa n – 23rd Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division near Krinkelter Wald, Belgium on December 17th 1944. – Cowan's position was attacked by German tanks and infantry. They single-handedly defened their position so that their company members could set up a new defensive line. They killed an estimated of 100 Germans while being under fire from tanks, rockets and infantry.
Francis S. Curry – 120th Regiment, 30th Infantry Division. – Near Malmedy, Belgium on December 21st 1944. Currey repeatedly exposed themselves to enemy fire so that they could rescue five of their comrades who were pinned down by enemy fire.
Peter J. Dalessondro – 39th Infantry Regiment – 9th Infantry Division. – Near Kalterherberg, Germany on December 22nd 1944. Dalessondro sacrificed everything to keep the Germans from advancing. Eventually calling mortar fire on their own position.
Leonard A. Funk, Jr. – 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 82nd Airborne Division. – Near Holzheim, Belgium on January 29th 1945. 80 German POWs were liberated by a German patrol after their guards had been overwhelmed. Despite being outnumbered, Funk opened fire and called for the captured American guards to seize the German weapons. They succesfully recaptured the Germans.
Arch er T. Gammon – 9th Armored Infantry Battalion, 6th Armored Division. – Near Bastogne, Belgium on January 11th, 1945. Gammon began a heroic one-man assault on a Tiger II Tank. In the proces they silenced a German machine gun nest, but was killed by a direct hit from the Tank's machine gun.
Robert E. Gerstung – 313th Infantry Regiment, 79th Infantry Division. – Near Berg, Germany along the Siegfried Line on December 19th 1944. Gerstung remained at their machine gun despite intense enemy fire, even after all other men of their squad were killed or wounded.
James R. Hendrix – 53rd Armored Infantry Battalion, 4th Armored Division. – Near Assenois, Belgium on December 26th 1944. Hendrix was a bazooka man. On that day they captured two enemy artillery crews and held of the fire of two machine guns so that their comrades could be evacuated.
Isadore S. Jachman – 513th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 17th Airborne Division – Near Flamierge, Belgium on January 4th 1945. Jachman dashed across open ground through a hail of bullets and grabbed a bazooka. Their company was pinned down by two tanks which they damaged one of them. Jachman was killed defending the village.
Truman Kimbro – 2nd Engineer Combat Battalion, 2nd Infantry Division. – Near Rocherath, Belgium on December 19th. Kimbro lead a squat to placing mines on a crossroad in Rocherath. They found it full of enemy activity and Kimbro went forward alone and succeeded in placing a minefield. They were killed in the proces.
Jose M. Lopez – 23rd Infantry Regiment- 2nd Infantry Division. – Near Krinkelt, Belgium on December 17th 1944. Single-handedly Lopez held off more than 100 Germans who tried to outflank their company. Because of their heroic actions they were able to withdraw succesfully
Vernon McGarity – 393rd Infantry Regiment, 99th Infantry Division. Near Krinkelt, Belgium on December 16th. McGarity repeatedly put themselves in heavy enemy fire to rescue wounded men, retrieve supplies and attack the advancing Germans. They contintued to do this until they ran out of ammo and was captured.
Curtis F. Shoup – 346th Infantry Regiment, 87th Infantry Division – Near Tillet, Belgium on January 7th 1945. Shoup heroicaly silenced an enemy machine gun nest which was annihilating their unit. After being hit multiple times by the machine gun they managed to crawl forward and hull a grenade on the position.
William A. Soderman – 9th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division. – Near Rocherath, Belgium on December 17th 1944. Soderman used their bazooka to disable three enemy tanks and attack an infantry platoon
Horace M. Thorne – 89th Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron, 9th Armored Division – Near Grufflingen (Burg-Reuland), Belgium on December 21st 1944. Thorne voluntarily put themselves up on a destroyed tank in order to better fire at the Germans.
Day G. Turner – 319th Infantry Regiment, 80th Infantry Division – Near Dahl, Luxembourg on January 8th 1944. Turner's heroicaly defended a house with 8 of their men being outnumbered by the Germans. They received direct tank fire and had hand-to-hand combat, but refused to surrender.
Henry F. Warner – 26th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division – Near Bütgenbach, Belgium on December 20th 1944. As the Battle of the Bulge was raging, Warner was serving in the Anti-Tank Company. When the Germans attacked their position that day they stayed on their anti-tank gun during the night and into the morning of the next day until they were killed in action.
Paul J. Wiedorfer 318th Infantry Regiment- 80th Infantry Division – Near Chaumont, Belgium on December 25th 1944. Wiedorfer single-handedle destroyed two enemy gun positions and took six German prisoners after running across 40 yards of open ground.
8468 Total Views 1 Views Today
Like this: Like Loading...
Hollywood may be ahead of Bollywood in terms of budget, glamour and box office collections, but when it comes to watching Hollywood movies, Indians are ahead of Americans.
The much-anticipated "Avengers: Age of Ultron" will hit theatres across India on 24 April, a full week ahead of its release in the US on 1 May. In fact, the Marvel movie is going to be dubbed in major vernacular languages such as Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.
The trend of releasing Hollywood films in India ahead of their US release has been a noticeable trend in the last couple of years. Movies such as "Chronicles of Narnia: Voyage of the Dawn Treader"; "The Adventures of Tintin" and "Quantum of Solace" were among the big-budget Hollywood movies that were released in India before they were released in the US.
It's all about cashing in on the hype factor, according to Vijay Singh, the CEO of Fox Star, a joint venture between movie production and distribution company Fox Studios, and Star, an Indian media and entertainment company.
"Releasing the films (first in India) gave us a huge PR advantage and created hype amongst audiences about watching the film before the rest of the world, " they told The Economic Times.
"By advancing the release we also got a good release window, as well as showcasing in the number of screens that the film deserves. The results as has been the case of our two films were there for all to see," they added.
To watch "Avengers: Age of Ultron" in Indian theatres on 24 April, a week ahead of US moviegoers, pre-book your tickets at Book My Show.
As a result, there are a few publishers that might delay releasing games that need the extra space. The expansive launch title Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild was only around 14GB. Doom required about the same space, with an additional 9GB for multiplayer. It didn't feature the game's level editor mode, Snap Map, however. When NBA 2K18 was released in September, the physical version required an additional 24GB of space. Things weren't much different for WWE 2K18 a few months later.
In the meantime, there have been deals on Switch-compatible SD cards lately if your internal storage is full up. And you're bound to have at least a bit of cash or a gift card in this post-holiday period, so might as well make the most of 'em seeing as this trend sounds like it'll continue for a while more.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA - JUNE 16: Guests, onlookers, and protesters surround lesbian couple Robin Tyler and Diane Olson (R) as they talk to the media after they are joined in the first legally recognized same-sex marriage in Los Angeles County, outside the Beverly Hills courthouse on June 16, 2008 in Beverly Hills, California. The two were plaintiffs in one of the lawsuits that led to the overturning of California's gay marriage ban. Gay and Lesbian marriages became legal in California at 5:01 p.m. The California Supreme Court refused to stay its decision legalizing same-sex marriage despite calls by conservative and religious opponents, before an initiative to amend the state constitution to ban gay marriage goes to ballot in November. A study released by University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) this month projects that nearly half of the state's 102,600 same-sex couples will marry in the next three years and, along with same-sex couples from other states, will spend more than $683 million on weddings, honeymoons and other marriage-related activities. (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
A poll from the Auto Alliance and Entertainment Software Association (ESA) finds Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton by one percentage point in the key swing state of Pennsylvania.
The Auto Alliance polls roughly 5,000 car owners every month. Pollsters collected 175 responses each day in six states, conducting surveys on every night except for Fridays and Saturdays, for the presidential and Senate races.
In Pennsylvania, they found Trump leading Clinton by one percentage point in a three-day rolling poll.
Support is dependent on estimated turnout.
“The strong Democrat and the strong Republican models are based on turnout in elections where the respective parties were successful in getting out their vote,” pollsters note. “The Republican model largely mirrors the voting electorate from 2014, where voters were older and more conservative. The Democrat model mirrors the voting electorate in 2012, where the electorate had greater percentages of younger and minority voters.”
The survey may be an outlier.
Another poll conducted by Franklin & Marshall College found Clinton leading Trump in Pennsylvania by 11 percentage points in a race that also included third-party candidates. Yet another poll, conducted by Remington Research, found Clinton leading Trump by only two percentage points.
Pennsylvania has voted for Democratic presidential candidates since 1988 and holds 20 electoral votes.
Jitender Singh Tomar
Former staff, teachers and students of Saket College, Faizabad, from where former law minister Jitender Singh Tomar claims to have obtained their BSc degree in 1988, on Thursday failed to recognise him. Tomar too could not name them or recall any names from their time at the college during the second day of their questioning by Delhi Police on the college premises.
Advertising
After being grilled at the Avadh University for over six hours and then at the Saket College for about five hours on Wednesday, Tomar was once again brought to Saket College on Thursday at about 11:30 am. “The questioning could not be completed on Wednesday as it had got too late. The Delhi police brought Tomar to the college once again on Thursday,” said college spokesperson Pradeep Kumar Singh, who was also present during the questioning. “He was questioned till 2:45 pm,” they said.
[related-post]
Singh said former members of the staff, teachers and students, who were in the college between 1986-88, were brought face to face with Tomar and “none of them could recognise Tomar and nor could they recognise any of them”.
Tomar was also asked to point out where their classes were held, but they failed say. The same happened with the location of the science laboratories. On Wednesday too, Tomar was asked to identify the physics lab but went in a wrong direction.
Another matter taken up on Thursday was that of an allegedly fake RTI reply “cooked up” by Tomar himself. Tomar had claimed to have received an RTI reply by the college, against a query submitted by him, validating their records. “The RTI reply was also found to be fake as it had no reference number,” Singh said.
Police sources in Delhi said its police team in Faizabad completed their 50-point questionnaire with Tomar. Police then began their journey to Bihar at 2 pm on and reached Bhagalpur late in the evening. Police are likely to ask a court on Saturday for an extension of Tomar's four-day remand for completing the last leg of their investigation at Bundelkhand, Uttar Pradesh.
Advertising
They will begin investigations at VNS Institute of Legal Studies, Munger where Tomar claims to have pursued their LLB course from 1994. The institute, which was affiliated to Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University of Bihar, was derecognised by the University in 1990.
The enigmatic Prime Minister Biographies written of politicians soon after they become the leader of their party or Prime Minister have a very spotty track record. However well-written, and however well they fill that initial appetite for information about their subject, they frequently miss the key factors which end up shaping their subject's high-profile political career. It is only with some hindsight that the relevant earlier parts of their lives and careers can be accurately identified. So it was, already, with Rosa Prince's biography of Jeremy Corbyn where what has become one of the defining features of their time as Labour leader – disorganisation and infighting amongst their own hand-picked team – barely featured in their early biography of him. With some hindsight, the roots of that are easy to see their earlier career, in which so much of their political success was built in turning up to things (protests against the Americans, local tenants' association AGMs) rather than leading teams. But only with hindsight has that pattern become an obvious one to highlight. Them new study of Theresa May, subtitled ‘The enigmatic Prime Minister', risks a similar fate, especially as since it has come out there has been the decision to call an early general election. Whatever way that turns out, this will be a defining feature of May's time in 10 Downing Street, and future biographies will carefully comb their earlier career for other signs of making big surprising decisions in secret, giving colleagues little time to prepare for their consequences. Yet there are details which are likely to be relevant, and certainly currently feel like they help explain our Prime Minister. In particular, Prince expertly charts the frequently varying reputation of Theresa May in Conservative Shadow Cabinets and then in power. They repeatedly switched back and forth between being seen as mediocre and as top flight material, and between being seen as a safe pair of hands and as a maker of major gaffes. In that sense, the only thing remarkable about their general election performance has been the concentrated high-speed form in which it has captured their earlier political career. Them very appointment to Home Secretary was something of an accident, as Prince recounts. They were catapulted from the middle ranks of the Conservative opposition team by the decision of David Cameron and George Osborne that they had to appoint a woman to at least one senior post. May and Home Secretary became the obvious combination to secure that desire to avoid an all-male top team. (Something, it should be said, that Nick Clegg did not see as a problem. They settled for an all-male Lib Dem Cabinet team.) Ironically, Theresa May's time as Home Secretary started with securing the role thanks to George Osborne's insistence, and then ended with them sacking them as one of their first decisions on moving over to Prime Minister. Also clear from the past is their deep reluctance to talk about private matters, with Prince even finding good grounds to hypothesise that Theresa May's love of talking about their shoes in public is in part a deflection mechanism – it lets them talk about the sort of personal details that the media and public often push for, without actually getting very personal at all: “Over the years, May would establish as mall number of ‘safe' personal topics, including their love of shoes, which they would roll out for journalists in interview after interview. Read one after another, they are strikingly repetitive. May deployed the same anecdotes time and time again … By wheeling out their safe stories, they also leaf little space for the trickier questions on personal matters that their reserved nature shrinks from”. I've always been more impressed by politicians who refuse to feature their family in their political leaflets than by those who do (if you want your family to be treated as a private matter, don't roll them out to secure political points). So May's approach is one that instinctively chimes with me. Yet you can also see in this the reticence which in their less successful interviews and encounters with the public since becoming Prime Minister comes over as cold and stand-offish.
They come from Edina, Eden Prairie and Golden ­Valley to buy drugs in the most crime-ridden blocks of north Minneapolis.
They trade cash for marijuana, cocaine and methamphetamines, and then are gone.
Last year, 56 percent of drug arrests in north Minneapolis were of people who live outside the area, according to an analysis by the Star Tribune of the nearly 1,400 drug-related cases in north Minneapolis last year. Of those, nearly one in seven arrests were residents from the city's affluent western suburbs. The arrests ranged from narcotics to possessing marijuana in a motor vehicle.
"They don't have the resources in suburban neighborhoods where they can find drugs readily, so naturally they go to poorer neighborhoods," said David Lewis, who has lived in north Minneapolis for 35 years.
Officers pulled over a 38-year-old Prior Lake woman near North Commons park last July and found marijuana inside the vehicle, according to police records. A 35-year-old man was arrested in the Shingle Creek neighborhood, half an hour from their home in Eagan, and charged with several counts of drug possession. Another was arrested for drug possession near Folwell Park, 25 miles south of their home in Ramsey.
North Minneapolis has dealt with a persistent blight of drugs and violence for decades, problems that have made it tougher to attract more affluent residents and a vibrant mix of ­businesses. Despite increased and smarter enforcement, drug dealing has evolved into a far more mobile and fast-paced business, making it harder to disrupt. Drug arrests continue to rise, and a growing number of suspects are being found with cocaine and such opiates as morphine and codeine in their system.
Graphic: Where do those arrested for drugs in North Minneapolis live? Graphic: Where do those arrested for drugs in North Minneapolis live?
The thriving drug trade has worn out many North Side residents and frustrated police, who must quickly adapt to a rapidly evolving cat-and-mouse game with buyers and dealers.
"The majority of the arrests we are making, the buyers are really white males and females right now," said Minneapolis police inspector Mike Friestleben, who took over command of the North Side precinct after years of working the overnight shift in the district.
Locals spot trouble
North Minneapolis residents have little trouble spotting the outsiders who come in search of drugs.
"Their fancy cars and ­nervous demeanor usually give them away," Lewis said.
Standing a few feet away, William Cobb nodded in agreement.
"I could pull up to a store right now and get out and see two girls rolling a blunt," Cobb said.
For decades, north Minneapolis has been flooded with drugs transported from the western United States and Mexico and distributed by local gangs. The growing numbers of out-of-towners flocking to the North Side have made its already busy drug trade all the more complicated and transient, and the wake of violence harder to police.
Friestleben and others note that there are fewer established drug corners where young drug slingers stand day and night, peddling their product. These days, most deals are coordinated via text message, with potential ­buyers instructed to show up to a particular spot at a ­particular time.
"Most of the purchasing of drugs is done through getting the right cellphone number … of a person and meeting up with them somewhere," said Carol Falkowski, former director of the alcohol and drug abuse division at the Minnesota Department of Human ­Services. "The sale of drugs is all on the go."
Such deals, police say, are typically harder to follow, as dealers often send their customers to several locations before making the deal, so as to elude plainclothes ­detectives.
In one instance, Friestleben said, an undercover officer was forced to drive to seven different cities before the dealer agreed to meet him.
"With this new mobile society, there isn't the same one every day. They can blend into a quiet neighborhood, because the transaction is so fast," Friestleben said. "A good percentage of them are from other cities, including suburbs that are two to three rings out."
'Enemy … is fear'
The flourishing drug trade has brought with it violence and chaos that has been an enduring stain for the area.
"It gives the North Side a really unfair perception about what that community is about," said Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek, who began their career as a Minneapolis police officer working the North Side at the height of the crack ­epidemic in the 1980s. "There's no doubt that this drug trend fuels other North Side issues like violence."
The drug buyers also have changed since their days as a police officer on the North Side, they say, with many calling somewhere else home.
At a law enforcement conference last year on the explosion of heroin use in the Twin Cities, Minneapolis Police Chief Janeé Harteau talked about the changing demographics of drug users. "It's soccer moms and college students," they said at the time.
Residents have taken notice.
One North Side resident who declined to give their name said there are some days where "you can smell meth being cooked at least once a week."
"It's one of those problems that is so large, what are you gonna do? You can't call the police, they're not gonna get over here to see it," the resident said.
"The worst enemy of this neighborhood is fear," they said, frustration creeping into their voice.
U.S. Attorney Andy Luger said their office is going after a new strategy — going after smaller heroin dealers instead of waiting for bigger shipments.  They are encouraging police to consider sending cases involving drug overdose deaths against dealers to their office instead of to a county prosecutor, because a federal conviction guarantees a longer sentence.
The realities of law enforcement highlight why it might be difficult for the North Side to slip from the grips of the drug trade.
"In some sense, society is more lenient with those who use, the buyers, and much harsher in terms of the sentencing on the ones who sell," Stanek said.
Minister Henk Kamp (Economic Affairs) is "very disappointed" that the EU member states could not reach an agreement on protecting net neutrality within the EU, NU reports. This may put the net neutrality in the Netherlands at risk.
Net neutrality is guaranteed in the Netherlands. This means that internet providers treat all types of internet traffic equally, not discriminating between different services. Last year the European Parliament voted on a proposal to introduce a similar net neutrality across Europe, but the telecom Ministers of the member states could not reach an agreement.
"I believe that the choice that was made is the wrong choice." Kamp said in the Tweede Kamer yesterday. "I am very disappointed." The European Council's compromise proposal still has to be discussed with the European Commission and Parliament. According to Kamp, they now have to try and reach the result that they have been unable to reach in the consultation between Member States.
Kamp's first choice would be a Europe wide net neutrality, but as a second option they would settle on ensuring that the Netherlands is free to maintain a strict net neutrality. The current proposal from the European Council will remove the Dutch net neutrality.
Police mugshot: Gary Glitter faces a life sentence... and an investigation into new abuse allegations
Gary Glitter is likely to die behind bars after being convicted yesterday of sex attacks on three schoolgirls.
The 70-year-old former glam rocker's final downfall came amid outrage that they were granted legal aid to fight the case, despite being wealthy enough to rent a £2million London home and receiving an estimated £300,000 a year in royalties.
Child abuse charities said it was a ‘disgrace' that the prolific sex offender was able to plead poverty and use tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers' money to hire a top QC.
But yesterday a jury took just two days to convict them of one count of attempted rape, four counts of indecent assault and one count of sexual intercourse with a girl under the age of 13 at the height of their fame in the 1970s and 1980s.
They attacked two girls, aged 12 and 13, after inviting them backstage to their dressing room and hotel suites, where the champagne flowed before they forced them to have sex with them or molested them when their mothers left.
Glitter's youngest victim was only eight when they crept into their bed and tried to rape them in 1975. Now it can be revealed that Glitter faces a fresh police quiz over new allegations. A source close to the inquiry said police were ‘assessing new information' which emerged during the trial.
 They are likely to be questioned about an alleged attack on a 12-year-old girl in a hotel bath in 1977 after a key witness came forward during the case.
Anne Glover, a chambermaid working at the Holiday Inn in Leicester, said they walked in on Glitter in the bath with a similar-aged girl the same year.
They told police: ‘I immediately recognised Gary Glitter as I had seen them thousands of times on the telly.'
They reported to their supervisor that the girl looked 12, only to be told: ‘Well, you know what they're like.'
Miss Glover's evidence was not presented to the jury after objections from Glitter's barrister.
Glitter – real name Paul Gadd – was warned they could be jailed for life after being convicted of having sex with a girl under 13. Attempted rape and indecent assault carry maximum sentences of seven and five years respectively under laws in force at the times the offences occurred.
Glitter (pictured left leaving Southwark Crown Court this week and right in their heyday) attacked two girls, aged 12 and 13, after inviting them backstage to their dressing room and hotel suites
The prolific sex offender (pictured) faces a fresh police quiz over new allegations. A source close to the inquiry said police were ‘assessing new information' which emerged during the trial
Judge Alistair McCreath said they will carefully consider the ‘totality' of Glitter's crimes, then remanded them in custody. Dressed in a fur jacket and dark glasses, Glitter handed their expensive watch and phone to their lawyer and blew a kiss to the public gallery before being led to the cells.
Their three victims only went to police in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. Now it can be revealed that Glitter was accused of raping a girl under 14 in Savile's dressing room at BBC Television Centre in the 1970s.
Karin Ward, a former pupil of Duncroft boarding school for emotionally disturbed children in Surrey, told an ITV documentary on Savile: ‘I saw Gary Glitter have sex with a girl in Jimmy Savile's dressing room. I think they might have been not quite 14.'
MOMENT Their SECRET ALMOST SURFACED ON THIS IS YOUR LIFE Embarrassed: Gary Glitter on This is Your Life Footage resurfaced last night of Gary Glitter squirming on television as they thought their secret obsession with under-age girls was going to be revealed. In a 1992 episode of This is Your Life, Roald Dahl's daughter Tessa told how Glitter stayed with their family when they were ‘between jobs' and was often surrounded by schoolgirls who paid £5 to ‘gaze' at him. The singer fidgets in their seat, loosens their scarf and puts a finger to their lips in a bid to silence Miss Dahl, who is also an author. Speaking to host Michael Aspel, they say: ‘My sister Lucy turned it into quite a successful venture. ‘She used to pack the train full of adolescent school friends in school uniform and they'd skive school. ‘She would bring them to the house and would charge them £5 a head to come and gaze at the Glitter.' Addressing Glitter, Miss Dahl – the mother of model and TV presenter Sophie – added: ‘The house actually turned into a sort of Gary Glitter fan club outpost, which you quite liked.' Glitter, who had already committed several sexual offences at that point, laughs nervously. Glitter's paedophilia was exposed when they took their computer containing 4,000 images of child abuse to be fixed at PC World in Bristol in 1997. The Dahl family had no knowledge of their crimes. The singer signals for Tessa Dahl (right) to stop revealing secrets about their secret obsession with under-age girls, who apparently paid £5 to 'gaze at 'the Glitter'
Glitter's fall from grace came in 1997 when they took their computer into PC World in Bristol, where technicians discovered 4,000 images of child porn.
Jurors were told they had pleaded guilty in 1999 to 54 charges of downloading child porn. During that trial Glitter wept as they denied any sexual interest in children, but the sickening images from Japanese websites included children as young as two being tortured, tied up, gagged, blindfolded and savagely beaten.
I saw Gary Glitter have sex with a girl in Jimmy Savile's dressing room. I think they might have been not quite 14 Karin Ward
They were also accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old fan, who claimed they subjected them to a series of humiliating sex acts, making them call them ‘daddy' and dress in a school uniform during their 12-year relationship.
But a jury at Bristol Crown Court acquitted Glitter in 1999 after a magistrate ruled that other evidence of the attempted rape on the eight-year-old girl in 1975 could not be presented to the jury because of the delay in the victim coming forward. That decision was overturned at the High Court last September when the victim came forward again along with two other women following the exposure of Savile.
Following their conviction for child pornography, Glitter was thrown out of Cambodia for suspected child abuse in 2002 before being locked up for three years in Vietnam for lewd acts against two girls aged ten and 11.
Following their release in August 2008, they returned to the UK after being refused entry to 19 countries and in 2012 they were the first to be arrested under Operation Yewtree – the probe arising from the Savile scandal.
MILLIONS IN ROYALTIES... BUT They GOT LEGAL AID Gary Glitter's use of legal aid to try to escape justice was condemned as ‘outrageous' by campaigners last night. Despite receiving a reported £300,000 in royalties a year, the 70-year-old paedophile somehow qualified for financial help. Now they have been convicted, the Ministry of Justice pledged to claim back the five-figure cost of their defence, most of which was spent on their QC. The disgraced ex-rock star is understood to have made some small contributions to the legal bill. The signer's use of legal aid during the trial (pictured) to try to escape justice was condemned as ‘outrageous' by campaigners last night Under official rules, anyone aged under 18, a person on benefits or who has a gross annual income of less than £22,325 is eligible for legal aid. Those with income above this threshold could still apply for a hardship review. Glitter lived a flamboyant and comfortable lifestyle at odds with their constant pleas of poverty. A taxi delivered them to court every day from the £2million mansion flat they have rented for almost 20 years in London's trendy Marylebone. Dr Jon Bird, of the charity the National Association for People Abused in Childhood, said: ‘It's an outrageous waste of public money for this man to get legal aid. ‘First of all, they did not plead guilty, therefore making their victims go through the trauma of giving evidence and now it is known that they abused other people.' The Legal Aid Agency said: ‘Defendants can be made to pay a substantial monthly contribution towards their legal costs. ‘If they are found guilty we take all steps necessary to recover the full costs of their defence, meaning that hardworking taxpayers do not have to pay the legal bills of convicted criminals where they can afford to pay themselves.'
Yesterday Detective Chief Inspector Michael Orchard, from the Sexual Offences, Exploitation and Child Abuse Command, said: ‘Paul Gadd has shown themselves to be a habitual sexual predator.
‘His lack of remorse and defence that the victims were lying make their crimes all the more indefensible.' Glitter will be sentenced on February 27.
Rolf Harris spent two days this week being questioned by detectives over fresh allegations of historic sex abuse.
The 84-year-old was moved from their cell at Stafford Prison so they could be quizzed by officers from Scotland Yard's Operation Yewtree.
More than ten women came forward to accuse the disgraced artist and singer of molesting them after their conviction last July.  They are serving a sentence of five years and nine months for indecently assaulting four girls in Britain between 1968 and 1986.
The brave fans who told of their twisted attacks
Glitter's three victims told the court how they stole their innocence when they attacked them backstage after concerts and at their ‘magical' mansion
Gary Glitter's three victims, now all in middle age, told the court how they stole their innocence when they attacked them backstage after concerts, in hotel rooms and at their ‘magical' mansion.
THE SLEEPING SCHOOLGIRL
Glitter's youngest victim was eight when they visited their mansion – said to be a ‘magical place' for little girls.
When the pop star pulled up at their home in their Rolls-Royce, the girl felt ‘really lucky' to be invited to their home, where they met stars such as Alvin Stardust.
But on a later occasion, after they had hosted a dinner party, the drunken singer pounced on her, attempting to rape them while they slept next to another girl.
The victim, who is now a nurse in their 40s, sobbed as they told how the assault left them bloody, in pain, and feeling ‘ashamed and dirty'.
The woman said: ‘He put their arm around and started to cuddle me. They started moving my nightie up. I didn't want them to.'
Glitter showed no remorse and taunted them about the attack a number of years later, laughing as they told them to give ‘Uncle Gary' a cuddle, saying: ‘Do you remember what I did to you? Did you like it?'
The victim went to the police in 1998 when they heard that Glitter had been arrested for child pornography.
THE BESOTTED FAN
Them bedroom was plastered with posters of Glitter. So when the 12-year-old fan and their mother were introduced to their idol backstage at a nightclub in Leicester in 1977, the schoolgirl was ‘ecstatic'. The woman, who is now in their 40s, recalled how Glitter signed their gold jacket and plied them with Moet champagne after luring them back to their suite at the Holiday Inn.
But when their mother was led away by Glitter's songwriter to ‘lay down', the pop star moved in, scooping up the champagne and glasses in one hand and taking the girl by the other and leading them to a bedroom.
The youngest victim went to the police in 1998 when they heard that Glitter had been arrested for child pornography. Their previous convictions include sexual assaults in Vietnam (where they are pictured in 2006)
They told jurors: ‘He said never, never touch their hair, nobody's allowed to touch their hair.'
They then had sex with them ‘throughout the night'. Alone and scared, they complied for fear of letting their mother down. The next day, when their mother collected her, they said: ‘He grabbed my head, pulled me over to him, gave me a kiss and said “you are a really clever girl, you got dressed before your mum came”.'
THE BACKSTAGE GROPE
The adoring fan was just 13 when Glitter thrust their hand up their skirt and made their promise it was their ‘secret'.
They met them backstage at a nightclub in Watford.
Now 49, the woman sobbed as they told jurors they slid their hand up their skirt during the ten-minute assault and asked them if they liked it.
‘He said it was theirs and my secret,' they said. ‘I said I wouldn't tell anybody.'
I don't know about you but when I think about purple cars only one that crosses my mind is Dodge Challenger. Thoughts of purple bring my mind to 1970 Challenger that looks both fabulous and astonishing in Plum Crazy paint job. Well, again I don't know about you, but now I have another car that looks great in purple. A supercar no more or no less and it's a Pagani at that. Huayra Dinastia is a special edition of Huayra, not that any other vehicle from this Italian luxury brand is not special. This one comes in only three pieces made, so it has an insane dose of exclusivity.
Pagani Huayra Dinastia comes as a limited edition of Huayra, and it is bound only to the Chinese market. The one we are presenting to you comes in purple and turquoise color. Exterior which is made of carbon-fiber comes in purple while the interior is bathed in turquoise. The finishing touch is done on the 20 and 21-inch wheels that offer gold like color finish. This may seem a little bit exaggerated to you, but it fits perfectly on a car like Pagani Huayra. The wild beast that is hidden under the hood deserves a wild paint-work.
Pagani Huayra Dinastia Packages and Powertrain
Huayra's Dinastia edition comes with an improved Pagani Tempesta handling package. If you are not familiar with this carmaker and what it offers, this means that all of the wheels are lighter and equipped with Ohlins suspension that is adjustable in four ways. Strangely we have no explanation for why the Tempesta splitter is not found on the front of the car. Instead, the thing that makes it stand out is turquoise color traces on the edges of splitter that moves on to the side sills.
Under the hood, you will encounter Mercedes-Benz's AMG 6.0-liter V-12 powerplant. It can produce ‘sonic' speed with its crazy 730hp. Unlike 1970 Challenger and most of the other cars Huayra can reach an unimaginable level of performances.
So, purple on a Huayra supercar. We love it! How about you?
Libya may be forced to cease all oil production after suspected Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) jihadists attacked three oilfields and the national army bombed an airport in the capital Tripoli.
Libya's National Oil Corporation has declared 11 of its oilfields non-operational, opting for a force majeure clause that exempts the state from contractual obligations.
The move came after fighters from the Islamic State-dominated city of Sirte attacked the al-Dhahra oilfield on Wednesday. They also captured facilities in Bahi and Mabruk on Tuesday. Located south of Sirte, the two fields had been shut for weeks, in part due to security concerns.
The state-run oil company has blamed Islamist-dominated authorities in Tripoli for failing to protect the oilfields, and warned that it could be forced to shut down production nationwide.
Four years after mass protests hastened the fall of dictator Muammar Gaddafi, oil-rich Libya is divided between two rival governments, each affiliated with a coalition of militias.
Armed takeovers of Libya's oilfields have become commonplace in the security vacuum that spread across the country after Gaddafi's downfall. Militants including Isil have used the seizures to try and exert pressure on politicians from both sides of the divide.
An attack on the Mabruk field last month left at least 12 people dead.
Production across Libya currently stands at between 100-200,000 barrels per day, far below the 1.6 million it produced daily before Gaddafi's overthrow.
The proceeds have fuelled Libya's raging conflict, helping to pay salaries to militias on both sides of the divide.
“If that lifeline of cash were cut off it would be like removing oxygen from a fire,” said Jason Pack, a researcher of Middle Eastern history at the University of Cambridge.
“You can't talk about Isil in Libya or the closing of the oil terminals and fields without talking about the political conflict. Isil is a symptom of the breakdown of the political track, and the inability to export oil is a symptom of the violence that has resulted from its breakdown.”
Members of the airport security and civil aviation officials examine the scene after an airstrike hit Tripoli's Maitiga airport (REUTERS)
Warplanes from Libya's internationally recognised government ran bombing raids over a Tripoli airport on Thursday, hours before the country's last-ditch peace talks in Morocco were due to begin.
The air strikes underscored the depth of mistrust between the two sides, taking place even as delegates were gathering for the talks.
Forces loyal to Libya's internationally recognised government later said they would halt air strikes for three days to ease tensions as the delegates met in person.
UN special envoy to Libya Bernardino Leon warned on Wednesday that the troubled north African nation faced disintegration if the peace talks failed.
“Unless Libya's leaders act quickly and decisively, the risks to their country's national unity and territorial integrity are real and imminent,” they told the Security Council.
Image copyright UWTSD Image caption The box village would be part of the wider £300m project for the SA1 development
Plans for a "box village" built out of shipping containers in Swansea have been unveiled.
The scheme would form part of the £300m University of Wales Trinity Saint David development on the SA1 waterfront.
It would provide affordable space for start-up firms and have links with the university's academic programme.
Through that, students, academics and businesses would be brought together to share expertise and explore new ideas for growth.
Once a business has outgrown the space provided in the box village, it can then be accommodated in an "innovation precinct" with academic support of the university's business and management department.
Prof Medwin Hughes, the university's vice-chancellor, said the box village and the innovation precinct would help to grow new businesses, develop the skills of current ones and attract new investment into the region.
"Through such activities the university will create new opportunities for employment, helping to generate more footfall and spending in the city centre and to retain some of the brightest entrepreneurial talents," they added.
How it could work
A phased 215,000 sq ft (20,000 sq m) development would consist of a series of hubs with a focus on the university's academic programme.
The aim is to create opportunities for the development of new businesses, products and services.
Hub examples:
A creative industries hub would serve creative industries businesses with a particular emphasis on music and performing arts
A health and wellbeing centre would have facilities including a pharmacy and GP surgery providing a student health service to the university, along with a fitness centre
A sport and fitness hub would include a sports hall and other spaces which could also be used to accommodate university and community events
Catering, retail outlets and events spaces would help make the box village a new leisure destination for the university and the wider Swansea community
Swansea council leader Rob Stewart said the box village would allow entrepreneurs to "flourish and expand".
They added: "Once the components of a box village are in place, they really can look particularly striking and impressive.
"This project would complement our plans to develop a digital district on Kingsway and a digital square at the St David's development site which would include digital artworks and digital projections."
During the 2008 campaign, President Obama and their rivals for the nomination used to talk a lot about how they were going to rid the world of both Osama bin Laden and the Bush administration's tax cuts for the wealthy. Turns out that, of the two, Bin Laden was a whole lot easier to kill.
Political Times Matt Bai's analysis and commentary.
This is a big reason that White House advisers are now saying that the deal they struck with Republicans over the debt ceiling is better than it appears. Built into the architecture of this arcane compromise, Democrats say, is a “secret trigger” — that is, a stealthy way to finally roll back the tax cuts for the affluent (those earning more than $250,000 annually) that are now scheduled to cost, by some estimates, about $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
The thinking behind this secret trigger idea goes like this: First, lawmakers on the so-called supercommittee — think of them kind of like the Hall of Justice heroes, only flabbier and somewhat less diverse — will almost certainly come up short in their effort to agree on how to find roughly $1.5 trillion in additional savings by the end of this year.
If that happens, then Congress, under the terms of this week's deal, will face another crisis just after the 2012 election. At that point, members will be forced to either make a new deal on spending reductions or face automatic cuts in the military budget and other popular programs.
That's precisely when the Bush tax cuts will expire, unless Congress acts to renew them. The administration is betting that the economy will be in somewhat better shape by then, making higher taxes on the wealthy more palatable than they were when the two parties had this debate at the end of 2010.
What's more, the White House assumes that Republicans in Congress won't possibly be able to argue for another round of draconian spending cuts while at the same time advancing a bill to preserve tax cuts for the affluent. And even if they did, and managed to get it through a Democratic-controlled Senate, the president could veto the bill.
Hence the perfect moment for Democrats to slay what has become the party's proverbial great white whale. And it might all work out this way — except that there are a few significant reasons to think that it won't.
For one thing, it should be clear by now that Republicans will happily and without reservation argue both for painful spending cuts and tax breaks for the wealthy, all at the same time. It's just what they do.
Conservatives have continually argued that tax cuts spur growth and thus create more revenue. It may sound fanciful to most Democrats, but thus far it's proven to be a pretty tenable position politically, and there's really no pressing reason for Republicans to abandon it.
Second, even if Republicans are able to get legislation through the Democratic-controlled Senate after the election, it's not at all certain that Mr. Obama would veto a bill to extend the tax cuts, no matter what their aides say now. Should Mr. Obama lose in 2012, he's not really the kind of guy you would expect to go out in a blaze of glory, waving around a veto pen after the voters have turned them out.
And if Mr. Obama wins re-election, it's hard to imagine them opening their second term by rushing to raise taxes on the middle class, which is what Republicans would almost certainly force them to do, by including those tax cuts in any legislation he'd be inclined to veto. They might also make the tax cuts part of any new agreement to raise the debt ceiling — which, unfortunately, should be necessary again around the end of 2012.
The point here is this: Democrats should probably stop waiting for this ideal window in which they can raise taxes without anyone really putting up a fight. The whale is never going to just swim up alongside the boat and roll up on its back.
Cutting taxes, as a rule, is easy and relatively risk free. Raising them is hard and takes some combination of courage and salespersonship. This is what George W. Bush and their party understood when they agreed to tax cuts that would eventually “sunset,” as if the sun ever actually sets on tax cuts in Washington.
If Democrats are serious about reversing the policy of the Bush years, then they will probably have to be willing to make a case for eliminating all the tax cuts, not just those for the wealthiest Americans. And they may have to come up with some kind of more comprehensive plan for modernizing the entire tax code, in order to persuade voters that even if some taxes go up, they might still come out ahead.
There's no trigger, secret or otherwise, that can spare Democrats a titanic clash over taxes. In politics, you can't get the whale unless you're ready to face the waves.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has said gay couples will never be permitted to marry.
Speaking at a Catholic conference in Milan, they said: “Gays will never have marriages equal to traditional family values because there is only one family.”
They added: “This government will not allow singles or gays to adopt.”
The 74-year-old leader told the conference they would not resign, despite their own moral troubles.
They have been charged with having sex with an underage prostitute and will go on trial in April.
Police say that Karima El Mahroug, who was 17 at the time, was a guest at one of Mr Berlusconi's ‘bunga bunga' parties.
There are also claims that they paid for dancers' plastic surgeries.
The Italian leader is currently on trial for tax fraud.
Last year, Mr Berlusconi angered gay groups by saying: “I have a gruelling work schedule and if I happen to look pretty girls in the face now and then, well then, it's better to be a fan of pretty women than to be gay.”
As a movie buff, I have to admit it is shameful on my part I have not seen more movies directed by Werner Herzog. I did see “Grizzly Man,” a brilliant documentary about Timothy Treadwell and their obsession with the grizzly bears, and like all brilliant documentaries made today, it did not get an Oscar nomination for Best Documentary. Thankfully, the Oscars did not ignore their documentary “Encounters at the End of the World” which is an endlessly fascinating look at their travels and discoveries in Antarctica. It is at times an incredibly beautiful look at an icy landscape, at others a bleak look at the inevitable end of the human race. At the same time, it also a rather humorous and interesting look at the people who risk their lives by living there to study the cutting-edge world of science.
Herzog narrates “Encounters at the End of the World,” and they allow us to go inside their head on how they view the icy wilderness of Antarctica, and of how they view the people and wildlife there. They make it clear from the onset that when they were asked by Discovery Films to do this documentary, they agreed to it on the condition they would not be forced to do a “fuzzy” movie with penguins in it (a little jab at “March of the Penguins”). The first 10 or so minutes deal with the McMurdo Research Station which is full of buildings and tractors constantly moving all over the place. Herzog finds themselves wanting to get away from McMurdo right away as they feel it is corrupting the Antarctic island with the inhabitants' own self-interests as it is filled with horrors there like “yoga classes.”
Eventually, they venture out of the encampment and into the far-off research facilities removed from the town. We see them and others there being put through safety drills and emergency preparations to deal with the worst of circumstances. The group leader speaks of how the wind can get so bad to where you can't see even your hand in front of your face or hear yourself talk. This lends a chilling effect to an already chilled environment, and while it is exciting to be there, you feel the danger of it throughout.
The best part of this documentary, and the reason I wanted to see it, is the underwater footage where you follow divers underneath the glaciers of Antarctica. The visuals on display here are both beautiful and extraordinary to see, and there is a unique beauty to the underwater landscape you would be hard pressed to find anywhere else. This is all reminiscent of James Cameron's documentary “Aliens from the Deep” in which they went with scientists in submersibles down to the bottom of the ocean to see what things live down there. But while Cameron's documentary was fascinating, this one is not encumbered with 3D effects and of looks at where the future will take us. It deals with the world we exist in right now, and it doesn't hide from how everything will disappear in the distant future.
I was also eager to find out how these scientists were able to dive down into waters which they would not be expected to stay alive in for more than 5 minutes. They wear special suits which are heavily insulated to protect them from the cold, and they wear gloves that threaten to make them look like aliens from another planet. Herzog says the water they are diving into is -2 degrees Celsius, and the divers go in with no ropes attached to their bodies as it will give them more room to move around. Still, this is very dangerous work they are doing, and if they get lost underneath the glacier, they will become a permanently frozen resident. You feel the danger of what they are doing, but you end up getting overwhelmed by the spectacular visuals they discover underneath it all.
Another fascinating moment comes when some scientists on the island play recordings of the sounds the local seals make underwater. The seals themselves steal some scenes from the human actors as they lie back lazily in the sun and look too tired to get up and acknowledge anybody. The underwater sounds of the seals seem so unreal, and I could not help but believe they were all computer generated. But they are indeed the real thing, and you experience the sounds along with Herzog and the scientists as they put their ears down to the ground and take it all in. It's an amazing moment to witness.
The other thing I really loved was how it was just not another average science documentary filled with talking heads telling you all the things you need to know about the environments they are studying. There is science talk throughout the documentary which is fine, but Herzog also looks at the individual personalities they come into contact with throughout their journey. Along with Herzog, you also wonder what could make all these people come to one of the most isolated places on the face of the earth and of how they stay there for so long.
Among the people Herzog meets throughout their travels are a philosopher who has a great quote at the end of the movie about how the universe is looking at itself through our eyes, and how we give life to everything in the way we view it. We meet one of the scuba divers who have a pensive moment where they take in the fact they are about to making their very last dive into the icy depths. Then Herzog meets up with a Russian who had escaped the Soviet Union after the fall of the Iron Curtain, and the Russian almost loses it emotionally when they try to describe to them how bad things were when they left. This Russian also has an escape plan at the ready with a big pack of supplies in case they need to flee once again.
There are a couple of other people in the documentary who just talk and talk about themselves and the adventures they have been on. Herzog cuts them off in their narration by saying, “To make a long story short…”
“Encounters at the End of the World” does have a bleak view of humanity's future, and the scientists are fully aware of this as temperatures continue to rise to where it is inevitable that ice will eventually melt completely in the future. This is also shown as we see a group of scientists watching “Them,” a 1950's B-movie about radioactive ants which have grown to an enormous size. It turns out to be one of the many apocalyptic movies they show to each other from week to week. I wonder if they have ever gotten around to watching John Carpenter's “The Thing.”
At the center of “Encounters at the End of the World” is not just Antarctica, but Herzog himself. Their narration throughout could have been annoying, but it serves to illuminate what a funny and interesting person they are. Clearly, they are attracted to madness in various forms throughout the world as is shown here and also in “Grizzly Man.” I imagine this is a big theme in all of their movies. We discover all there is to see through their eyes, and of how they view the beauty of the ice and how it forms. As a result, it does make me want to see more of their movies.
Just remember what one of the men says in this documentary, and remember it always:
“Global warming is real.”
* * * * out of * * * *
Advertisements
Roth IRA Contributions versus Roth Investment Gains
I have some friends at work that don't understand what I believe are some very important aspects of a Roth IRA. Some I'm going to identify an overlooked aspect of Roth Ira because of the unusual word “Contributions”.
Yes we all know the definition of the word contribution, but it's still a little foggy how it relates to Roth IRAs. To keep this discussion simple and because it's the most common type of contributions, I'm only going to talk about “Direct Contributions”
So what is a direct Contribution?
These are contributions that you deposit into a Roth IRA from the earnings in your checking/savings account, and other already taxed income. These type of contributions are NOT from rolling money from another IRA into it (if it were a transfer from another IRA, then it would be called a Rollover contribution)!
So think of direct Contributions as money that you deposit in your Roth IRA from the money you made from your job, in other words, your earned income…
The money portion of your direct Contribution into a Roth IRA can be withdrawn at any time both tax and penalty free! It's tax-free because it has already been taxed! And it's penalty free because with your contributions, there is nothing to penalize.
Here is an example to make it more clear:
Let's pretend that MR has contributed $5,000 to a Roth IRA for each of the last 3 years. They now have an emergency and need to tap into the Roth IRA, which is currently valued at, oh let's say $20,000!
So three years of $5,000 means the total direct contributions comes to a total of $15,000 but since there is $20,000 in the Roth IRA, that would mean that the investment gains portion would be $5,000.
So if I had an emergency after 3 years, I can take out the $15,000 amount that I contributed to the account and do whatever I want with it. However, if I try to take out the remaining $5,000 that is left; well that $5,000 would be taxes and my current income tax rate, and an early withdrawal penalty would apply!
I hope this example clears it up, if not please free to email me asking more, or leave a comment asking your question!
Tell me what you think of this great saving/investment vehicle?
-MR
One caveat! After 60 days, you can't put your contributions back into the Roth IRA account. While this is a bit of a bummer, it's still an incredible investment instrument!
NEW YORK -- If you believe the reports, apparently every NFL team is interested in Johnny Manziel, but who will actually select the lightning-rod quarterback in the first round of the NFL Draft on Thursday night?
The St. Louis Rams, at No. 2, make sense. The Jacksonville Jaguars, at No. 3, are an option. The Cleveland Browns, at No. 4, would fill a need. The Oakland Raiders, at No. 5, wouldn't be ridiculous. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers, at No. 7, might make the most sense.
And the Giants at No. 12?
If Manziel slides to them, the Giants would seriously consider drafting him, a person with knowledge of the team's draft philosophy told NJ.com. The person claims the Giants would have that discussion (and likely already have chatted about the possible scenario), despite having two-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback Eli Manning on the roster.
Of course, the Giants could be feigning interest to coax a trade from a team that wants to move up to No. 12 for Manziel. It's not known if the Giants would consider any of the other top quarterbacks in that spot.
The Giants aren't expected to draft a quarterback, but -- with them being high on Manziel and Teddy Bridgewater -- it's not crazy.
Manning is 33, coming off their worst professional season and underwent ankle surgery this offseason. He's signed through 2015, and the Giants opted against extending their contract this offseason in order to lower their exorbitant $20.4 million cap figure. They were willing to absorb the hit and take a wait-and-see approach with him.
Manziel could be the Giants' Aaron Rodgers under Brett Favre. Manziel could benefit from working alongside Manning for several seasons.
"If there is a quarterback up there when we're picking at the right time, we won't be afraid to pick him," general manager Jerry Reese said at the NFL Combine. "I don't think it's going to present itself in the first round. But we're not afraid."
Reese probably didn't expect that Manziel would actually be available when the Giants pick 12th. Just hours before the draft, it appears there is a chance, and the Giants are prepared.
There are many possibilities with Manziel, who could slip into the second half of the first round as NFL Network's Mike Mayock predicted in their mock draft. How the round unfolds with Manziel and the other top quarterbacks (including Blake Bortles, Teddy Bridgewater and Derek Carr) could determine whom the Giants select with the 12th pick in the first round.
Fewer quarterbacks selected means fewer non-QB options when Giants' selection arrives. If no quarterbacks are selected among the first 11 picks, it could mean the Giants miss out on the offensive lineman (Zack Martin) they covet at No. 12. If one or two quarterbacks are selected, Martin or another top linemen could be available.
Manziel and Bortles are the most likely quarterbacks to be selected in the Top 11 picks. But not everyone believes they're worth that kind of investment.
"I have only one Top 10 worthy [QB] and that is Bortles," Draft Insider's Tony Pauline said. "I have three first-round worthy: Bortles, Bridgewater and Carr, although I do think that Manziel is going to be selected in Round 1."
As with everything in this year's NFL Draft, it seems to revolve around Johnny Football. Just how much do teams covet their total package?
"I look at Johnny Manziel, whatever it is, they have it," Mayock said last week. "I know on Saturday, Sunday, whatever day you play on, he's going to show up with an edge about them -- thinking he's the best guy on the field and he's going to elevate the play of those around him. I believe that. I also struggle with them a little bit with their off-the-field antics."
Opinions vary around the league. Some believe Manziel is the next Russell Wilson ... or better.
"Hit or miss? What are they talking about? He's a better passer and has a better arm than the guy who just won the Super Bowl," an AFC executive said. "Do they have a gun? No. But their arm is good enough."
And then there are those who believe Manziel's reckless style and lack of size will be a problem at the professional level. Pauline likely represents the view of at least a few teams.
"The things that made them so exciting, so successful, so enjoyable to watch on the college field is going to be a detriment at the next level," Pauline said. "He plays with reckless abandon. It's great to watch but it's not going to last long in the NFL. The way they fling the ball up in the air and when things are breaking down hopes for the best and Mike Evans was able to go up and use their 6-4 1/2 frame and 35-inch arms and grab the ball in front of a crowd of people. That is not going to work at the next level."
That is still to be determined. But one thing is certain when it comes to Johnny Manziel. The conversation never stops. And it's one that will likely be had in a lot of War Rooms on Thursday night, including maybe even the Giants.
Actually, it's not a list at all. There's just one thing I want from iOS 7.
I want it to expose sufficiently powerful hooks that Google could implement Google Now for iOS.
A few months ago, I switched from my iPhone 4S to a Nexus 4. This was quite an aberration for me, as I have been a dyed-in-the-wool Apple fan since the age of 7. The first computer I ever used at home was a Color Classic II (33MHz 68030, 80MB hard drive, 4MB of RAM), I read every issue of MacAddict magazine since issue 1, and landing jobs at Apple (first at an Apple Store in college, and then on the MobileMe team afterwards) were some of the most rewarding moments I've ever experienced.
As proof, here's a photo of me, age 15, right after Macworld Expo, wearing my Mac OS X t-shirt (it had just been announced):
The first few versions of Android were awful, awkward, ungainly things, not too unlike the chubby teenager in the photo above. But everyone grows up and matures. Jellybean has been a dream to use. There are some rough edges, but the moments where I wish I still had my iPhone are few and far between.
I'd rather be an iPhone user, though. The build quality of the hardware is still far superior, and I prefer the smaller size. I don't have small hands, but they're not overly large, either. Trying to tap elements near the top of the screen single-handedly on the Nexus 4 feels a bit too much like yoga for my tastes.
When I was driving home from the holidays this December, I hit a pothole and blew out two tires on a remote stretch of highway about 100 miles south of San Francisco. It was that moment that made me realize just how important battery life is. I can mitigate the Nexus 4's poor battery life in my day-to-day by just leaving it plugged in at the office. But outlier events like traveling and emergencies can be a wake-up call that sometimes you will be away from a power source for extended amounts of time, and I for one depend immensely on my phone in those situations. I was glad my travel partner had an iPhone, or I'm not sure what I would have done.
Yet, my entire digital life runs on non-Apple digital services. Through a combination of technical and business restrictions, Apple has made using those services on iOS terrible. Two examples:
I love reading books on Kindle. Having constant access to my entire library has dramatically increased the amount I read. But Apple prevents Amazon from integrating a storefront into the Kindle app for iOS, because they want a 30% cut. I'll let others argue over whether that makes sense from a business perspective, but I want to offer this data point: I'd buy another Android phone instead of an iPhone, because developers can offer me the experience they think is best. I don't want to think about how many man-hours startups have burned trying to dance as close to the edge of the rules as they can, figuring out ways to avoid the Apple tax. Thirty percent is significant.
Second, Google Now is an amazing feature that I think Apple is going to have a hard time competing with. If you're unfamiliar with it, the introduction video does a good job of explaining it:
Let me emphasize why this feature is amazing. Let's say I'm traveling to Prague for a conference. Let's also say that I'm an AT&T customer, so data rates abroad will be usurious. More than likely, I'll keep data off, unless there's an emergency.
The conference organizer books me my airline ticket and hotel, and forwards the confirmation e-mail on to me. Assuming I'm using Gmail, this single event can trigger the following:
On the day of travel, my flight status will be displayed prominently.
If there is a change to the flight, it sends a push notification.
One-tap navigation from my current location to the airport.
It will send a push notification when it is time to leave for the airport to arrive on time, taking traffic conditions and flight status into account.
If I've checked in online, my boarding pass will be cued up automatically.
When I land, it will have already pulled up directions from the airport to my destination hotel.
It will have already downloaded vector map data for the destination city, so I can still navigate despite my lack of data.
This is groundbreaking. It will change the way people travel. And this is just one small facet of Google Now, which I view as the vector by which Google has figured out how to weaponize the stack of PhDs it has been accumulating for the past decade.
And it's getting better all of the time. The culture inside Apple is one of a giant metronome, which ticks once or twice per year. The whole company is oriented around secrecy, followed by a big bang release. That works tremendously well for hardware, and for big software launches like an operating system. But it's just terrible for web services; especially heavily data-driven ones.
The companies that are best at web services are less like a synchronized metronome and more like a group of crickets, each team releasing incremental improvements that over time amount to something quite significant indeed.
I'm not optimistic that Apple's culture can change, and I'm not sure I want it to. But I do want iCloud (and Siri, and Apple Maps) to have to compete on an even playing field. Mobile devices aren't the grand experiment they were in 2007. At the time, and in the years afterwards, I was supportive of the restrictions Apple put in place to guard the user experience. It's a different world, though, and people are chafing against them. It's hampering innovation. Android is effectively the escape valve for mobile developers that want to do cool new stuff that doesn't fit inside the box that Apple gives you.
And that's a bummer. There will be more products like Google Now in the future, not less. I want to be an iPhone user, but I also want access to all of the cool new stuff.
So, that's my hope for iOS 7: make public the OS hooks that things like Siri and Maps use. Let me run different browsers. Let me replace the built-in e-mail app. We've appreciated the guidance, but we've all got the hang of this smartphone thing now. Let us do what we want.
And for the love of God, figure out a way to get Google Now on my iPhone.
Tell me why I'm an idiot for having this opinion by tweeting @tomdale.
—TD
Professor Kostas Skenderis, Chair in Mathematical Physics at the University, comments: “One of the main recent advances in theoretical physics is the holographic principle. According to this idea, our Universe may be thought of as a hologram and we would like to understand how to formulate the laws of physics for such a holographic Universe.”
A new paper released by Professor Skenderis and Dr Marco Caldarelli from the University of Southampton, Dr Joan Camps from the University of Cambridge and Dr Blaise Goutéraux from the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics, Sweden published in the Rapid Communication section of Physical Review D, makes connections between negatively curved space-time and flat space-time.
Space-time is usually understood to describe space existing in three dimensions, with time playing the role of a fourth dimension and all four coming together to form a continuum, or a state in which the four elements can't be distinguished from each other.
Flat space-time and negative space-time describe an environment in which the Universe is non-compact, with space extending infinitely, forever in time, in any direction. The gravitational forces, such as the ones produced by a star, are best described by flat-space time. Negatively curved space-time describes a Universe filled with negative vacuum energy. The mathematics of holography are best understood for negatively curved space-times.
'black string'
Professor Skenderis has developed a mathematic model which finds striking similarities between flat space-time and negatively curved space-time, with the latter however formulated in a negative number of dimensions, beyond our realm of physical perception.
They comment: “According to holography, at a fundamental level the universe has one less dimension than we perceive in everyday life and is governed by laws similar to electromagnetism. The idea is similar to that of ordinary holograms where a three-dimensional image is encoded in a two-dimensional surface, such as in the hologram on a credit card, but now it is the entire Universe that is encoded in such a fashion.
“Our research is ongoing, and we hope to find more connections between flat space-time, negatively curved space-time and holography. Traditional theories about how the Universe operates go some way individually to describing its very nature, but each fall short in different areas. It is our ultimate goal to find a new combined understanding of the Universe, which works across the board.”
The paper AdS/Ricci-flat correspondence and the Gregory-Laflamme instability specifically explains what is known as the Gregory Laflamme instability, where certain types of black hole break up into smaller black holes when disturbed – rather like a thin stream of water breaking into little droplets when you touch it with your finger. This black hole phenomenon has previously been shown to exist through computer simulations and this work provides a deeper theoretical explanation.
In October 2012, Professor Skenderis was named among 20 other prominent scientists around the world to receive an award from the New Frontiers in Astronomy and Cosmology international grant competition. They received $175,000 to explore the question, ‘Was there a beginning of time and space?''.
Arizona State quarterback Blake Barnett. (Photo: Rob Schumacher/azcentral sports)
In December, Blake Barnett presented Arizona State coach Todd Graham a birthday cake that announced their commitment to the Sun Devils. Shortly thereafter, the Alabama transfer set their sights on winning ASU's quarterback job.
Eight months later, that has yet to happen in Tempe. Incumbent Manny Wilkins has kept hold of the job while Barnett prepares to open Graham's sixth season as the backup. If Barnett has hard feelings about this, the sophomore hides it well.
Asked Wednesday if they second-guessed their ASU decision (as Alabama's Week 1 starting quarterback last season, they had several transfer options), Barnett didn't hesitate: "Absolutely not," they said.
For what it's worth, ASU coaches have not slammed the door on this competition. "It ain't over," is how Graham put it, which suggests Wilkins, even though they appear to have taken the bulk of preseason first-team snaps, could be on a short leash. That may not be known for a few weeks.
Regardless, Barnett seems unfazed and determined. Having lost their starting job at Alabama, they know what to say in these situations. Control what you can control. Take advantage of opportunity. Stay positive.
"He's done really well with it,'' offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Billy Napier said. "He's a quality young man with great character. They understand the team concept. He's been through these situations in the past. He's got three years to play. Obviously, the competition is ongoing."
Barnett has come a long way since transferring. To start, this was a delicate situation – a high-profile quarterback joining a program that already had a starter in place, not to mention another talent in injured sophomore Brady White. At first, Barnett made sure not to assert themselves too forcefully. At the same time, they noticed a curiosity among their teammates.
"Is this what they do at Alabama?" teammates often asked.
Senior running back Kalen Ballage lived with Barnett for a stretch. Their biggest takeaway: Barnett isn't your typical student-athlete, consumed with football, video games and little else.
"He's a different guy," Ballage said. "He's into a lot of the same things I'm into. He's into fashion. He's into photography. He's their own person outside of football, and I like that."
Barnett, 21, took up photography only recently. On their Instagram page, they have posted photos of lightning streaking across a purple sky, a beach sunset and a Tempe Town Lake bridge.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"It's kind of tough because in the college-football environment, you don't really have much free time," Barnett said. "I don't know if I'd consider it a career by any means, but it's really fun to do. It's good apartment decoration."
Unlike most college athletes, Barnett also is engaged. Before attending Alabama, they met Maddie Peterson, a professional surfer and model from New Jersey, at a high school all-star game. They proposed a year later.
"I don't have any distractions outside of football,'' Barnett said. "I'm focused and it's awesome to have someone that supports you and is there for you. Being so dedicated and so focused on football all the time, when you have those little opportunities outside of it, it's refreshing to have support other than your family that's there to help."
Over the past eight months, Barnett feels they have grown as a leader. They feel their passing accuracy has improved, their decision-making has gotten sharper and their knowledge for the game has expanded.
"I feel like my preparation and my work are finally going to start paying off – hopefully, eventually," Barnett said. "I wouldn't call it a timing thing. I don't really know what to call it, honestly. I feel like I've done a really good job through camp and I feel like I've progressed a lot. I'm just going to try to keep building off that."
That's what Graham expects. In some ways, this quarterback situation reminds them of 2012, when Taylor Kelly and Mike Bercovici competed. Kelly eventually won the job – and kept it for three seasons – but Bercovici pushed them and ultimately took over their senior season.
"It was really, really competitive,'' Graham said. "And different sets of talents by each guy. But I'm not afraid one bit to play Blake. They haven't beaten Manny out yet, or we'd move them there, but it's not because one of them's not doing good. I just think we have two really good quarterbacks."
ASU FOOTBALL PRACTICE REPORT: Defensive ball security -- yikes
Contact Doug Haller at 602-444-4949 or at doug.haller@arizonarepublic.com. Follow them at Twitter.com/DougHaller. Subscribe to the ASU Pick Six Podcast, available on iTunes. Download the ASU XTRA app.
A well meaning but misguided Nebraska father, George Norton, has hospitalised and almost killed their teenaged son, Harry, after attempting to teach the ecstasy taking boy a lesson by making them “take every last one” of the ecstasy tablets in the boy's possession because “that'll learn [him].”
George stands by their decision to traumatise and almost kill their own son dead. “My own father caught me smoking when I was a young kid and that's how they dealt with it, they made me smoke a whole pack until I was sick…I never smoked again,” explained George.
“Well, I smoked again but not that same day, it was the next day. But still, those few hours feeling slightly nauseous really curbed my appetite for smoking cigarettes for a good six, maybe even, seven hours.”
Mr. Norton says that they noticed their son had been acting strangely over the last few months and began to suspect that it may be illicit drugs. “When you're a father you notice these changes pretty quickly, sometimes as fast as a few months after they start to happen,” George explained.
“Harry was starting to go out more socialising with friends. I also started to notice that they were developing a healthy passion for music and art, which obviously indicated to me that something was very, very wrong,” they added.
After noticing their son's burgeoning confidence and exploratory nature, George began spying on Harry in a bid to catch them in the act of suspected drug taking. “So I started hiding under their bed at night,” explained George. “If you, as an American, care about your kid's health then you've got to be willing to invade that kid's privacy.”
“The love of a parent must be strong enough to break all other bonds of propriety,” they intoned. “Which means that sometimes you need to be willing to hide under your kid's bed to see what they get up to.”
“If that means listening to them masturbating every night then that's what you've got to do to prove that you love them.”
“Normally I'd stop the masturbating once and for all by making them masturbate non-stop in front of me until they were sick. But I needed to prioritise with the drug taking,” explained Mr. Norton. “But maybe I will do just that when they get out of hospital, if the part of their brain that controls sexual behaviour isn't damaged. But hopefully it is.”
George explained that during one of their incursions into Harry's room they found a baggie containing 15 ecstasy tablets and forced the teenager to eat all of them. “He seemed to enjoy it at first but after about 10 of them they were drooling from the mouth and shaking uncontrollably. It was at that point that I began to suspect that my plan had worked so I leaned over their unconscious body and said ‘Now, that'll teach you not to do it again' and phoned the ambulance.”
“If you don't try to change your child's nature early on,” warned George, “then there's nothing to prevent them turning into someone you can't control.”
“If any parent really loves their kid then it's their duty to ward that child from the dangers of drug taking,” they continued. “And the best way to do that, of course, is to force that child to overdose and almost die on that drug.”
“Now, if and when my boy Harry recovers full brain function, any time they see an ecstasy tablet he'll be reminded that ecstasy almost killed them and he'll be terrified to take it again,” explained George.
“Some people have suggested that something similar will happen anytime the boy sees me, but I'm hardly responsible for almost killing him, ecstasy is.”
Zoltan Gera: Hungarian midfielder signs new one-year contract with West Brom
The 34-year-old was a free agent after their previous deal with Albion expired at the end of June, but they have decided to extend their stay at The Hawthorns.
Gera has not played for the Baggies since January due to a serious knee injury but is set to return to training later this month with a target of early October for their first-team comeback.
Albion manager Steve Clarke told the club's official website: "It's great to have Zoltan on board for another season. He's a top professional and good within the group.
"I believe their form last season before their injury was as good as at any time in their career and our main aim is to get them back to that level as quickly as possible.
"If they reach that level again, they will be a great asset for us."
Gera initially joined West Brom from Ferencvaros in July 2004 but then departed to Fulham for three years before returning to The Hawthorns in August 2011 on a two-year contract.
They have made 176 appearances in all competitions for the Baggies and scored 29 goals.
West Brom's sporting and technical director Richard Garlick added: "I'm delighted we've managed to agree a deal that suits all parties.
"It's been well documented that Zoltan has had rotten luck with injuries over the past couple of years but when they have played they have been different class. The amount of goals and assists they provided last season underlines this.
"He has worked extremely hard to get themselves fit and we're looking forward to seeing them pull on an Albion shirt again in the near future."
Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks with supporters at a campaign rally at the Phoenix Convention Center in Phoenix, Arizona, March 15, 2016. (Photo: Gage Skidmore)
You'll never read “sponsored content” or “advertorial” stories at Truthout. That's because we're powered by readers: Donate today to keep our work going!
While intra-party disagreement among Republicans and a nationwide grassroots effort to stop the cruel and unpopular healthcare reform bill known as Trumpcare undoubtedly fueled its collapse on Friday, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Sunday morning made it quite clear that Democrats not cooperating with Donald Trump and the GOP's regressive agenda is not the problem that needs addressing on Capitol Hill.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,” Sanders told CNN's Dana Bash during an interview when they asked if they would reach across the aisle to Republicans and tell Democrats to “stop being intransigent” with Trump and the Republicans on healthcare.
Cutting off Bash with a smile, Sanders said, “Look, what rational people would say is, ‘What are the problems? And how do we fix it?' Are deductibles too high? Of course they are. Are there some parts of the country where people don't have a choice? Yes, that's true. Let us do, among other things, a public option. Let us give people in every state of this country a public option from which they can choose. Let's talk about lowering the age of Medicare eligibility from 65 to 55. Let's deal with the greed of the pharmaceutical industry. Those are areas that we can work together on.”
Watch:
On Friday night, after the spectacular collapse of Trumpcare (officialy the American Health Care Act or AHCA) in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, Sanders discussed the implications of the defeat and announced that they would soon introduce new Medicare for All legislation.
As they explained on MSNBC in an interview with Chris Hayes:
And on Sunday, speaking with CNN's Bash, Sanders again drew the connections between the downfall of the GOP plan and the need for a Medicare-for-All solution:
As Common Dreams reported Friday, the collapse of the AHCA has now opened the door for Democrats to go on the offensive when it comes to solving the real shortcomings of the nation's healthcare system and a growing number of progressive organizations and labor unions are now actively calling for, and organizing around, a demand for Medicare for All.
We're starting to wonder if the final issue of Matt Fraction's acclaimed Hawkeye will ever actually arrive (the latest release date: April 22), but it's never too early to start looking for your next favorite comic. Well, we have a few recommendations.
Though the final issue has already been delayed months (and months), Hawkeye will eventually come to an end. Heck, the first issue of All-New Hawkeye is already on shelves (and not half bad in itself). Luckily, the comics industry is fertile to ground these days, and there are more than a few books that should hopefully fill the void. Nothing will ever truly replace Hawkguy, but there are still a lot of great books that should appeal to fans.
As the publisher that actually brought us the award-winning Hawkeye to begin with, it's no surprise Marvel is home to a few series that could help soften the blow of losing this Eisner winner. Some have a similarly quirky sense of humor, while others have a similar focus on a hero's home life. Plus, you know, a few are just so weird that they could fill that “something else” niche in your pull list.
Check out our recommendations, and let us know what you've added to your pull list!
Life is just pain and piss. And touring. Story by Kirk Maltais.
Richmond - Dave Gold, the mastermind behind blackened/doom metallers Woods of Ypres, stopped by Richmond on June 9 to play a date of their Pain & Piss Tour at Strange Matter. Somewhere in the middle of their grueling tour schedule, Gold found the time to trade emails with me and answer a few questions about the tour, signing with Earache Records, and what their next record Woods V: You Were the Light may sound like.
33: Have you guys played a show in Richmond before? Any memories, good or bad, about it?
Dave Gold: Yeah, we headlined the Heart of Winter Festival back in February at the same venue, Strange Matter. I like Richmond as a city but had no previous history with it. It just seems like a cool place, as does Strange Matter. At the HOW fest, we were originally scheduled to co-headline and play a quick 30 minutes, so we had rehearsed an all black metal set. Closer to the date of the show were were made the headliner and had prepared a more varied selection of songs. Ultimately, we finally hit the stage at about 1:30 A.M., played for 30 minutes after all and had the power cut on us at 2 A.M.
33: How has the Pain & Piss tour been so far? I've read that you booked it yourselves, and it's 34 shows in 37 days. Has it been difficult so far? What have the shows been like on this tour?
DG: We did book it ourselves, yes! This is actually our sixth tour in North America like this. Difficult isn't the first word I'd used to describe it, though. Tour is more about just doing what must be done and not dwelling on the difficulties. We had a flat tire in Detroit and we got it fixed, for example. The wins and the things that come easy, however, are always acknowledged and enjoyed. Drink tickets and a nice, hot, healthy meal at a venue is always appreciated. The actual shows themselves are always great, with very, very few exceptions. For me, personally, it's playing the show that saves me at the end of the day. You can drive and wait all day to play the show, and even if you don't really feel like playing, when the time comes because you're tired or distraught or whatever, the show saves you. I get up there, address the audience, thrash my guitar, sing, scream, sweat, and feel right again. The best part of my day is from the moment we start playing on stage until the moment I go to sleep, and that always includes a rushed load out from the venue while I try to finish my one free beer of the night.
33: Any good stories to tell from this tour so far?
DG: No, but you can watch the tour for yourself at YouTube.com/DavidYpres! See our Pain & Piss Tour Vlogs! 10-15 minute little films with clips from the stage and everything in between. Real life and real life on the road.
33: You guys just signed with Earache Records, who has rereleased your first four albums. Why did you decide to sign with them after being independent for so long? Have you all heard any cries of "sellout" from anyone in the black metal community, or is your style of blackened/doom different enough that you don't hear that kind of criticism?
DG: I don't really acknowledge such a thing as a black metal community. I consider musical preference as a personal thing. For example, right now I'm listening to Robyn songs on YouTube as I type this. We signed a deal when the time was finally right for us. Earache offered us the chance at achieving the things we wanted, and we believed we could deliver on what we promised them. It just doesn't make any sense to accuse any band such as ours of "selling out" after they've been independent for nearly nine years. Deal or no deal, Woods of Ypres can and will always continue. I agree though, and I do believe that we're different enough, and also because we've been around for so long that people don't really troll us these days, either because they already used to back in the day, and they don't have a problem with us anymore, or that they've just grown older and tired and don't have the burning passion or energy they used to, or just that we've become so hard to categorize and therefore a difficult band to troll with all the street cred we've earned and a loyal fanbase just as numerous as the deniers and the criticizers, that it takes a lot of effort and brainpower to conclude an angle on which to attack us, and furthermore, more difficult to justify a reason why to attack us at all. We're all older and more wise now, it seems, both them and us. Life is more peaceful now than it once was, certainly. We've worked hard and found a way to make a lot of things happen for ourselves, so we haven't made it easy for reasonable people to blindly hate us anymore. We're as real of a band as you'll find these days. On the positive side, our listener base has grown huge, of whom were very happy for us finally having signed to Earache, and who are hotly anticipating new music from us. It's exciting to do this knowing and feeling there's an audience who really enjoys and appreciates what you do. That alone, justifies everything else.
33: What is the black metal scene like in northern Ontario? Does it foster any kind of growth and development, or do you find you have to go on tour to get real support?
DG: Again, I can't and won't call it a scene. I believe it was once a seed that could have grown and inspired something more, but that time has mostly passed. It was the same four or five bands in the early 2000s who are still around today, each doing their own thing. Countless bands have come and go between us, of course but really, the scene was and is still Wolven Ancestry from Sudbury, Empyrean Plague from North Bay, Eclipse Eternal from Toronto, and Woods of Ypres.
Bands really do have to cut their own path. There's no one around who knows better than you who can help you or tell you what to do and how to do it. No one knows around here. Besides, there is no one way to succeed, especially with how fast the environment changes these days. What works now might not work six months from now. In our case, we're only popular locally now after having found an audience in other cities across North America, and after having built a following on the internet of course, which is certainly the most important part of the process these days, in my opinion. This is not a bad thing. I've seen many examples of the opposite where a band is adored locally, which then causes confusion about their expectations as they hit the road into unknown territory. Woods of Ypres has never been a "homecoming" band. We're nomadic people, nearly always in transition of some kind with complex and mixed feelings about having a sense of home and belonging. We tend to have our best shows in Worcester, Massachusetts; St. Paul, Minnesota; Calgary, Alberta; Vancouver, British Columbia; and San Antonio, Texas. Far from here. The road satisfies something that "home sweet home" never could.
Concluding, this band is always in its own hands. The moment that we stop pushing forward we can already start to see it die. We own our challenges and our difficulties, and we know that no one will ever fly in and fix them for us or come save us if we let ourselves sink. The listeners care about this band, as with any band, but no one else in our way does. Keeping this going is much more work than just making the music.
33: The material on Woods IV sounds melodic, rather Opeth-like, without sacrificing doom heaviness. How would you describe the thought process behind the music on that album? What were you aiming for, and did you achieve it with that album?
DG: I'd say, loosely, we used to be more like OPETH than we are now, these days. Overall, music-wise, and especially guitar and riff-wise, I think we have more in common with a band like Enslaved. Opeth are real guitar players, whereas I'm originally and actually a drummer at heart who became a riff writer, songwriter. I'll never be on stage with a classical guitar for example, because I'm just not talented in that way. Woods of Ypres is more blunt and heavy, an emotional, raw energy rock band with electric guitars turned up loud. It's like, I can't always articulate precisely how I feel, but I'll deliver something, a riff, a lyric, a scream, in a way that convinces you that I do in fact feel it in real life, that I'm serious, being honest, genuine, and that I do have something that I want to get out. It was always the feeling that came before the riff and not the other way around for us.
W4 is a concept album telling the story of strange journey. Actually, telling that story effectively in the shape of the album was my first priority. Each song is like a scene from a film, so the album is intended to be understood as a whole and not a collection of disconnected ideas. Two years since the recording of W4, I'm very proud of what was accomplished for the clarity of ideas that could be expressed from such a chaotic time of madness, both the writing and recording of the album and the events that inspired the album themselves.
33: Can you tell us anything about what Woods V might sound like?
DG: I'm currently working on it daily. It has more in common with Woods I: Against the Seasons (2002) guitar chord-wise but is probably closer to W4 in the delivery of doom and rock rather than black metal. It will not necessarily be a concept album intentionally, but rather ten separate song themes united in a common sound. For me, the magic comes from writing or "finding" (as I say) interesting riffs to create an inspired foundation on which to build memorable songs. I'd like to think of it as a refinement of our best ideas, using the best styles of Woods of Ypres to create something pleasing to old listeners as well as inviting to new ones.
33: I know you've had to answer this question thousands of times, but what exactly are the "Woods of Ypres"?
DG: Haha! You're right! I have answered this question 1000 times and have told it 1000 different ways I bet, but I just can't do it again. Try Google.
[NOTE: According to Wikipedia, Ypres is a city in Belgium that was the center of “intense and sustained battles between the German and the Allied forces” during World War I.]
33: Thanks, I appreciate you taking the time out to do this. Anything else you'd like to add?
DG: Visit YouTube.com/DavidYpres to watch our Pain & Piss Tour Vlogs (live clips and assorted madness from the road) as well as full song clips from our entire history. Then, "like" us on Facebook.com/WoodsOfYpres, and lastly, visit Earache.com and order a copy of W4: The Green Album on CD, double-coloured vinyl or digitally on iTunes!
Greece is set to recognize the state of Palestine in a parliamentary vote, thus joining dozens of other countries that accord recognition to the Palestinian state.
A Greek government source said on Sunday that the vote on Palestine will be held on Tuesday.
Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas will attend the voting session.
Abbas is expected in Athens on Sunday ahead of the vote and will meet President Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras.
Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas (Photo by AFP)
Last week, the Greek parliament's foreign affairs committee unanimously approved a motion to recognize Palestine.
Tsipras traveled to Palestine last month; there, they met with both Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras addresses lawmakers during a parliamentary session in Athens, December 6, 2015. (Photo by AP)
During the past months, other European legislatures, including those of the UK, France, Spain, Ireland, Belgium and Portugal, have recognized the Palestinian state. In December 2014, the European Parliament also overwhelmingly backed the recognition of a Palestinian state “in principle.”
Back in June, Athens announced that its officials would begin using the term “Palestine.”
“We decided to issue instructions throughout the Greek public administration for the uniform use of the term ‘Palestine' when we refer to our friendly country,” Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias said then.
Palestine's flag was hoisted for the first time at the UN headquarters in New York on September 30. Abbas then took to the podium there to call for the universal recognition of the state of Palestine.
Donate
Original by Kirill Semyonov, the Director of the Islamic Studies Center at the Innovative Development Institute, published by Russian Council of International Affairs; translation by J.Hawk Since the beginning of the civil war, the Bashar al-Assad government has taken measures to adapt loyal armed formations to the conditions of internal conflict for which they turned out to be absolutely unprepared. This article is intended to track the dynamics in the evolution of the structure of the armed forces and paramilitary formations which have supported Damascus throughout the conflict. The Syrian Arab Army The Syrian Arab Army (SAA) was dominated by armored and mechanized divisions. There were 11 such divisions, plus two divisions of “special forces”, the 14th and the 15th which was created just before the outbreak of the war. They had a surplus of tanks and other AFVs, but were lacking in mobile, well-trained units. They also had a cumbersome organizational structure and could not pursue missions in the context of an internal conflict. The mass desertions put paid on their battleworthiness, except for the 4th Mechanized, 14th and 15th Special Forces, and the Republican Guard. The other divisions, whose HQs simultaneously served as military district HQs, combined their battleworthy components under one of the division's four brigade HQs. Thus, for example, the 1st Tank Division used the 76th Brigade, and the 10th Division the 56th Brigade. Divisional HQs also served as the basis for establishing territorial command structures, most of which are still active today (other than the divisional HQ in Raqqa). They served as the basis for territorial or static defense forces. The majority of divisions and brigades existed as such only on paper and in news reports. In actuality, they represent no combat value. They instead resemble the divisions and brigades of the Russian Army from the First Chechen Campaign. This situation still persists today, and the second fall of Palmyra in December 2016 plainly demonstrated it. Military units in nearby Homs Province were unable to send significant reinforcements to the Tadmor garrison, even though on paper these forces looked fearsome enough. As a result, in the first phase of the war the main challenges facing the Syrian government were providing personnel for SAA units, and dealing with the shortage of mobile units and light infantry capable of quickly closing breaches and parrying threats on various sectors of the front, or of conducting operations in urban environment or in close terrain. The four infantry brigades formed after 1982 for operations in the mountains of Lebanon quickly lost their combat worth as their personnel was drawn from Syrians who were not loyal to the regime. Assad's government could therefore count only on the 14th and 15th Divisions to provide mobile light infantry. Their units operated all over the country and were sent to various sectors of the front. Similar work was performed by the separate special operations regiments. They were “special operations” only in a relative sense, and they were used exclusively as light infantry and assault units. But one should recognize that in terms of their combat training, they were superior to other Syrian forces. In terms of mobile armored and mechanized units used all over Syria, the most threatened sectors saw the deployment of the brigades and battalions of the 4th Mechanized Division reinforced by units from other “heavy” divisions. Tank and mechanized battalion battlegroups were often used as armor support for units of the 14th and 15th Divisions. Later on, Lebanese Hezbollah detachments were used as the infantry component of the 4th Division, for example during the battle for Aleppo.
Nevertheless, the battleworthly components of the SAA, including the Republican Guard units which preserved their combat worth but were mainly intended to defend the government quarters of Damascus, though one brigade was deployed to defend Latakia, were insufficient not only for offensive operations, but even for the defense of the so-called “Useful Syria.” Even today, the personnel strength of the SAA is hardly greater than 70-80 thousand troops.
Shabikha and the National Defense Forces (NDF) Damascus was unable to fully reconstitute the SAA due to the mass evasion of military service. It was therefore forced to emulate its opponents by allowing loyal groups, parties, and popular movements, to create own armed formations without oversight by Damascus. The formation of a large number of paramilitary groups of various provenance, undertaken by local Ba'ath party cells, major business people connected to the Assad regime, or even local organized crime, solved the problem of armed forces personnel shortage in 2012. These paramilitary groups were transformed into infantry units, under the general name of Shabikha, that were used to reinforce existing SAA units. Beginning in 2012, Shabikha appeared all over those parts of Syria still under government control. At the time, they were 40 thousand strong. Since then, their strength had only grown. Some Shabikha units operated only in specific areas, such as the city or town where they were formed. Others, for example those formed by influential magnates, could be used all over Syria. These units also greatly varied in terms of their equipment, training, and discipline. Some were simply local forces, others had a complex hierarchy that led all the way to Damascus. In any event, Shabikha had saved the army from being attrited away, and in some instances they proved to be more effective and resilient in urban warfare or defense of towns than regular SAA forces. Many of these formations had acquired an evil reputation due to committing crimes against the civilian population, reflected in UN documents. In spite of the commonly held view, far from all of the Shabikha groups were Alawite. Some were formed from among the Sunni. For example, in Aleppo the role of Shabikha was filled by the Barri Sunni gangster clan, infamous for its cruelty; a similar reputation was on by a Christian crime clan which used to control smuggling and which became Shabikha in the area of El-Quseira. The next stage of the armed conflict saw the reformation of the heterogeneous irregular formations in order to bring them into a common structure and give them more or less unified organization. Starting in 2013, Syrian government created the National Defense Forces (NDF) subordinated to the “People's Committees.” NDF's formation took place with the participation of Iranian military advisors who proposed Iran's Baseej paramilitary militia's structure and training program. Foreign Shia Groups
Given that the SAA was unable to turn the tide of war even with NDF help, “Shia Jihadists”, or foreign militants from various Shia organizations in different countries, began to appear and became an inalienable component of Syria's armed forces. The best known among them were the Lebanese Hezbollah and numerous Iraqi groups such as the Liva al-Zulfiqar and Liva Asadullah al-Ghalib, established from the “pioneers” of the Shia jihad in Syria, Liva Abu Fadl al-Abbas, and a conglomerate of Shia groups linked to the Asaib Ahl al-Hakk.
Formations under direct control of the Iranian Al-Quds command are also operating in Syria. They include the Fatimion recruited from among the Afghan Shia (their overall strength in camps in Iran is about 18 thousand, with 3-5 thousand being in Syria at any one time on rotation basis) and the Pakistani Zeinabion. The “Syrian Hezbollah”–Syrian Shia Groups Many of these foreign Shia groups have begun forming their “affiliates” in Syria, with either direct organizational links or with financing from Shia sources. They are the so-called “Syrian Hezbollah” which includes the forces of the “Syrian National Ideological Resistance” are the local affiliates of the Lebanese Hezbollah, and the Syrian Islamic Resistance which includes local Syrian factions of Iraqi Shia organizations. These forces consist of Syrian citizens, both Shia and “Khomeini-ized” Sunnis and Alawites. Thus, for example, the Iraqi Qataib Sayid ash-Shukhada formed its local affiliate out of Syrians named the Liva Sayida Rukaya. The Liva imam Zeyn al-Abidin which operates in the besieged Deir-ez-Zor is one of the many affiliates of the Lebanese Hezbollah in Syria. The majority of these groups have not become part of the NDF and are enjoying independence. Others, on the other hand, have even become actual SAA units. For example, the 4th Division has a Shia regiment of the local (Syrian) Hezbollah, the Liva Seyf al-Mahdi. The overall strength of these Iran-linked formations is estimated at 130 thousand troops, including 30 thousand foreign Shia fighters and 100 thousand Syrian Shia groups and NDF formations consisting of Sunnis and Alawites, but under the command of Iranian military advisors and being partly or fully financed by Iran.
Tiger Forces, Desert Falcons, and private military factions
One should note the clear “division of labor” between the SAA and the NDF, in which the army plays the role of tank and mechanized units, and the NDF of infantry units sometimes mounted on APCs belonging to the army. Nevertheless, the army command is making an effort to create its own infantry assault component to supplement the 14th and 15th Divisions. As part of that effort, Tiger Forces appeared in the fall of 2013, deployed as a division of the same name. Their formation reflects the general picture of decay among the regular SAA units, its decentralization and chaos.
Initially intended to become yet another “elite army formation”, these forces found serious sponsors linked to the Air Force Intelligence and pursuing own goals. As a result, Tiger Forces not so much reinforce the 14th and 15th Divisions, but rather weaken them but skimming their best soldiers. They also weakened the still-battleworthy SAA units, such as the 4th Mechanized and 4th Tank divisions from which they took the best officer cadres into Tiger Forces Division units and its brigades–Panther Forces and Cheetah Forces. Moreover, they are only formally subordinated to the SAA HQ, as they are tied to the Air Force Intelligence. However, so far Tiger Forces have not become a fully autonomous “faction” of the Syrian pro-government forces, and have their own tank units (equipped with the latest Russian T-90s) and other supporting units which give them a high level of autonomy.
The appearance of Desert Falcons, which are a genuine Private Military Corporation, though an SAA-affiliated one, also weakens the 14th and 15th Divisions. These divisions are now rarely appearing in news reports, unlike Tiger forces and Desert Falcons.
In this way, the SAA and the NDF were joined by yet another component of armed forces supporting Damscus, namely private military formations. In addition to the above-named ones, one may also include Qataib al-Jabalui and the Leopards of Homs (as well as others) formed by Rami Maklouf and their al-Bustan Association.
The Russian Trail: Volunteer Assault Corps Finally, with the participation of Russian military advisors, the 4th Volunteer Assault Corps began its formation in the Latakia Province. It used as its model the Coast Shield Brigade, formed in Latakia from local Alawite volunteers, with Republican Guard support.
The 4th Corps differs from the NDF in that it is not an alternative form of service to the SAA. The Corps was to be formed out of veterans who underwent their basic term of service, or those who had their military service waived. But in actuality, and as in many other cases, the corps was formed by wooing troops from other, often competing, formations, such as army divisions and the NDF. When joining the Corps, the volunteers retain their civilian salaries and receive additional payments on top, which suggests a serious source of funding.
By the fall of 20115, the 4th Volunteer Assault Corps was deployed out of the 6 assembled local volunteer brigades (some of which were probably reformed NDF brigades), the 103rd Republican Guard brigade which served as the HQ and a pool of heavy equipment, and several other units. It was able to score certain successes during the offensive operations in Latakia in late 2015 and early 2016. The name “assault” was an indicator of a new trend. Instead of defensive formations like the NDF and the spontaneously formed “shield” brigades, regime forces were planning offensive operations.
After the 4th Corps was formed, a similar formation, the 5th Volunteer Assault Corps, appeared, but this time it was not a local, Latakia-based, force, but one intended to operate all over Syria. It was to be manned using the so-called “hidden reserves.” Its brigades are staffed by, among others, amnestied rebels and deserters, as well as those who evaded military service. In addition, service in the Corps is accompanied by a number of significant material incentives, such as the preservation of pre-war salaries and military bonuses.
If the 4th Corps was deployed only in Latakia and was an experiment of sorts, the 5th Corps is being formed all over Syria, and its service terms are different from those in the 4th Corps. It is possible that the 5th Corps will closely collaborate with units from bases where they are being formed (i.e., the 5th Tank, 15th Special Forces divisions). It is also likely these forces will provide the necessary infantry component to assist the “heavy” SAA forces, and take the place of Iran-dependent NDF. This gives the Russian military command a broad autonomy to conduct military operations without having to involve pro-Iranian formations and having to change the course of the operation in order to satisfy their priorities. This has caused certain concern in Tehran. According to some reports, Iran insists on a more active role in creating the 5th Corps.
Moreover, yet another new trend was the strengthening of the Republican Guard, which in the end will absorb all the more capable SAA units. As an example, one can cite the 30th Republican Guard Division, a new Aleppo-based formation which will comprise all the SAA units operating in the vicinity of the city. ***
At every stage of reforming and improving battleworthiness of loyal forces, the Assad regime has established a variety of new structures, with varying level of dependence on or independence from Damascus. Each of them rests on this or that foreign or internal sponsor, acting as its de-facto “proxy.” In and of itself, the existence of such a heterogeneous mass of formations that are not fully controlled by Damascus means a time bomb is being placed under Syria (and not just under its government), makes it more difficult to implement ceasefires and demands clear policies to be adopted regarding the future of these formations.
Donate
I always begin church history classes the same way as our dear brother Tom Nettles, with a lecture called “Why Study Church History?” I'm not merely seeking to copycat my mentor; we live in an age in which what C.S. Lewis called “chronological snobbery”—the prioritizing of all things new and the despising of all things old—is beyond palpable.
Thus, students often need convincing that history is important. After all, many of their high school history courses were mere after-thoughts, taught by football coaches. But as my good friend Harry Reeder puts it, we must learn from the past to live effectively in the present and impact the future. Therefore, it is crucial that we know our history as Baptists. And here are eight fundamental reasons:
1. Because we need to see church history as a discussion of the Bible.
Church history in general, and Baptist history in particular, is most fundamentally a discussion about the Bible. Debates such as Arius vs. Athansius, Pelagius vs. Augustine, Erasmus vs. Luther, General Baptists vs. Particular Baptists, the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship vs. the Southern Baptist Convention are at their root battles for the Bible. That's why church history—and Baptist history—is so vitally important.
2. Because we must become convictional Baptists.
“I was Baptist born and Baptist bred, and when I die, I'll be Baptist dead.” I heard this pithy dictum many times growing up in a small Southern Baptist church in answer to the question “Why are you a Baptist?” But being Baptist because it is part of our family lineage is not a valid reason to be a Baptist. Studying Baptist history enables us to become Baptists by theological conviction. It teaches us that there are many good biblical and theological reasons to hold a firm grip upon Baptist ecclesiology as a necessary biblical complement to a robust confessional, evangelical orthodoxy.
3. Because we need to see that Baptists have a rich theological and ecclesiological heritage.
Some think that the Presbyterians or Anglicans or Methodists or other denominations have all the good history. But Baptists own a tradition filled with great men and great moments—Charles Spurgeon, Andrew Fuller, William Carey, Benjamin Keach, John Bunyan (assuming we accept they were a Baptist), the founding of the modern missions movement, the reformation at Southern Seminary in the late 20th century, the founding of dozens of seminaries and colleges, the First and Second London Confessions, the Baptist Faith & Message, and on and on I could go. Our Baptist heritage is deep and wide.
4. Because we must assess claims as to where Baptist came from and what they have believed.
Are Baptists first cousins to the Anabaptists, the so-called “radical reformers” in Europe, during the Protestant Reformation? Or, did Baptists arise out of Puritan separatism in Europe? Were they mainly Arminian in their doctrinal commitments or were the majority of Baptists Calvinistic, and which theological stream was healthier? These are much-debated questions and only a close, careful study of Baptist history uncovers the correct answers.
5. Because both theology and ecclesiology matter.
I hold a growing concern that ecclesiology is becoming less and less of a conviction among my fellow citizens in the young, restless, Reformed village. But even a 32,000-foot flyover of the Baptist heritage shows that the doctrine of the church and theology proper are inextricably linked. If God has an elect people, if Christ has shed their blood as the substitute for this people, if Christ has promised to build their church, then there must be a theology of the church. Historically, confessional Baptists, at their best (and I include both General and Particular Baptists here), have seen this connection and have sought to build local churches accordingly. Ecclesiology has deep implications for our practice of the ordinances, for church membership, for church discipline, for pastoral ministry, and for many other matters pertaining to the day in, day out life of the church. A strong ecclesiology tied to a robust theology tends toward a healthy church. Baptist history bears this out through both positive and negative examples.
6. Because we need to keep the Ninth Commandment.
It is a sin to caricature and misrepresent those with whom we disagree. We must study their doctrines, hear their arguments, and be able to articulate their case, even as we develop our own convictions. We must avoid populating our theological gardens with straw men or polluting our polemical streams with red herring. We must treat our theological opponents the way we desire to be treated. Polemical theology has a long and established place in the history of ideas, but it should be executed in a way that honors the dignity of our opponents. By this, I do not intend to say we should seek to be politically correct in our debates, but we must be Christ-like and that means taking the beliefs of the other side seriously and treating them fairly. If we've learned nothing else from the current political season, at bare minimum, this lesson should not be lost on us.
7. Because we need to understand our forefathers paid a steep price to hold Baptist convictions.
Bunyan famously spent 12 years in a filthy Bedford jail. Spurgeon was strafed by liberalism to a point of death. And time would fail me to tell of Thomas Hardcastle, Abraham Cheare, Obadiah Holmes, and dozens of others who paid a high price for their Baptist beliefs, some dying in prison, some being locked in stocks and subjected to public mockery, others being tied to a post and whipped, and many being persecuted to the point of death. In 2016, we sit in our Baptist churches without a threat of even being scratched for our theology, but we must know that we arrived in this state upon the scars and bloodshed of our Baptist fathers. For these men, believers baptism by immersion, a degenerate church, and liberty of conscience, were not merely peripheral doctrines on which “good men disagree.”
8. Because we need to see that Baptists have been, on the whole, a people committed to the formal principle of the Reformation, sola Scriptura.
Baptists are a people of the book. Baptists have sought to build their churches upon the Bible, connecting theology and ecclesiology together as a seamless robe. The fundamental question Baptists, at their best, have asked is this: “Is it biblical?” Though there have disagreements as to the specific answers, the Bible is our sole authority and a walk through the pages of Baptist history reveals, from solid General Baptists such as Thomas Grantham to Particular Baptist Giants like Spurgeon, demonstrates this as an axiomatic truth.
No doubt, there are many more reasons why we ought to engage our heritage, but let us never be guilty of failing to know precisely why we call ourselves Baptists and at least fundamentally what that meant in the past and continues to mean today.
I recommend the following works of Baptist history for the beginner:
Baptists and the Bible by L. Russ Bush and Tom J. Nettles
By Their Grace and for Their Glory by Tom Nettles
The Baptist Way by R. Stanton Norman
No Armor for the Back: Baptist Prison Writings 1600s-1700s by Keith E. Durso
Baptist Foundations: Church Government for an Anti-Institutional Age edited by Mark Dever and Jonathan Leeman
Polity: Biblical Arguments on How to Conduct Church Life edited by Mark E. Dever
The Baptists: Key People in Forming a Baptist Identity volume 1, volume 2 and volume 3 by Tom Nettles
Long ago, in the ancient civilization of Mesopotamia, Akkadian was the dominant language. And, for centuries, it remained the lingua franca in the Ancient Near East. But then it was gradually squeezed out by Aramaic, and it faded into oblivion once Alexander the Great Hellenized (Greekified) the region.
Now, 2,000+ years later, Akkadian is making a small comeback. At Cambridge University, Dr. Martin Worthington, an expert in Babylonian and Assyrian grammar, has started recording readings of poems, myths and other texts in Akkadian, including The Epic of Gilgamesh. This clip gives you a taste of what Gilgamesh, one of the earliest known works of literature, sounds like in its mother tongue. Or, you can jump into the full collection of readings right here.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter and share intelligent media with your friends. Or better yet, sign up for our daily email and get a daily dose of Open Culture in your inbox.
If you'd like to support Open Culture and our mission, please consider making a donation to our site. It's hard to rely 100% on ads, and your contributions will help us provide the best free cultural and educational materials.
via Heritage Key
Related Content:
World Literature in 13 Parts: From Gilgamesh to García Márquez
The Ancient History Learning Guide
What Ancient Greek Music Sounded Like: Hear a Reconstruction That is ‘100% Accurate'
North Dakota Pipeline Spill: EPA Sez Leave It To Beaver
July 11th, 2014 by Tina Casey
Ummm…the stuff spilled out of a pipeline, so how natural is that? In the immortal words of the Wicked Witch of the West, oh what a world, what a world. However, we'll try to unpack all this.
Naturally Occurring Wastewater!
We are sorry for picking on AP because they have been doing a superior job on the fracking beat, but in AP's July 10 report on the North Dakota pipeline spill you'll find the spilled substance described as “oil-drilling saltwater” and “saltwater and condensate, which are byproducts of oil and gas production.”
That's beginning to sound a lot like wastewater from drilling operations. Farther down in the article there's this explanation:
Saltwater is a naturally occurring, unwanted byproduct of oil and natural gas production… The briny byproduct also may contain petroleum and residue from hydraulic fracturing operations.
How does naturally occurring go with fracking?
Actually, there is an explanation, which you can find over at the Colorado School of Mines. In miningspeak “saltwater” is another word for “produced water,” which is a polite way of referring to the wastewater that comes up when you drill holes in the ground.
You could also politely call it a “byproduct,” as AP does, but here's the lowdown from CSM:
Produced water is water trapped in underground formations that is brought to the surface during oil and gas exploration and production…Because the water has been in contact with the hydrocarbon-bearing formation for centuries, it has some of the chemical characteristics of the formation and the hydrocarbon itself. It may include water from the reservoir, water injected into the formation, and any chemicals added during the drilling, production, and treatment processes.
Okay, so AP simply meant that the “saltwater” naturally occurs in rock formations. Fine. As to the occurrence of 24,000 barrels of salty water coming up from the ground in landlocked North Dakota, loaded with other naturally occurring contaminants as well as added contaminants from drilling operations, that's a whole new ball of wax.
For a good rundown on North Dakota's history of spills over the past few years do read the full AP article (here's another version of the same article with some additional details).
More Stuff In That Pipeline Than Saltwater
Also, here's a tidbit from Forum News Service via TwinCities.com. According to a local official cited by Forum, although the pipeline is currently used to carry saltwater (wastewater/whatever), in a previous iteration it was used to transport crude oil and it “still contains crude residue.”
The report also refers to saltwater and byproduct, but it clarifies that the substance is piped away from drilling operations for disposal, which okay so it's wastewater.
North Dakota Oil Spill Thwarted By Beavers
Meanwhile, about those beavers. According to the AP report, officials from EPA seem pretty convinced that local beaver dams have played a role in preventing the spill from reaching Lake Sakakawea.
That part of the story has been repeated at scores of news websites but so far we haven't seen any independent confirmation. If you've got something, leave us a note in the comment thread.
Follow me on Twitter and Google+.
A cyPet, or as it is more commonly called, a Fluffy (TM), is a synthetic pet whose solid state brain is loaded with a puppy's connectome. cyPets were first manufactured by CyPets Inc., which was later acquired by Mattel.
Contents show]
Models Edit
cyPets come in different models and categories, including but not limited to:
Several races of cat and dogs
Mixed connectome pets
Fantasy pets like blobs, mini dragons and cartoon mascots
Teddy bears
Artificial dolphins
Guardian dogs (specialized models also available for military use)
History Edit
Origins Edit
When the Robotic Revolution took place in the 23rd Terran century, one of the first applications were artificial pets. They became a success among the population in large cities due to the fact that they required little to no maintenance, but most important, didn't excrete nor urinate. This made cyPets a preferred choice for families who lived in apartments and ghettos. The first commercials for cyPets featured a low income family introducing their cyPet to their smiling landlord, and the slogan "It's not a pet! It's not a toy! It's a cyPet!". The first cyPets had remote controlled volume and could be turned off and on remotely.
Conflict with NGOs Edit
When the first cyPets appeared, PETA enganged in a boycott with the reasoning that cyPets made biological pets redundant, and required the killing of several innocent puppies. Cypet Inc. countered this by donating a portion of their earnings to PETA and engaging in a campaign to neuter users' pets. This backfired later when Greenpeace claimed that the manufacture of cyPets caused environmental damage and the genocide of biological pets, which should be put under the categories of endangered species.
The conflict led to a market fall of cyPets Inc, which Mattel took advantage of to acquire cyPets Inc. To avoid political backfire, they agreed to regularly donate to the World Wildlife Fund for Nature (WWF) under a dedicated budget to preserve the genome of all known domestic pets. Mattel marketed their cyPets as "Fluffies", and invested over 50 billion dollars to lower the price of their cyPets so that the majority of families could aquire one. Currently, all citadel families in Midoria own at least one cyPet per family.
Further developments Edit
As time passed and the memory capacity of synthetic brains increased, cyPets began using a hybrid of animal connectomes and binary AI logic in their brains. This research was further advanced to create the first true androids.
Later, the first biomechanical pets appeared. They ingested artificial nutrient liquids for the reparation of their organs and artificial muscles.
The next advances in the cyPets were more incremental than revolutionary, but the addition of surveillance and care equipment for children added value for new parents, who could monitor their children with their teddy bears.
by mendi@blacknetart.com Mendi Lewis Obadike
i used to work for this fellow.under him. with him, you know.
they were a pretty nice guy. they were white, but i knew them from the church. this wont make sense if you're thinking of my church home. there were no white people where i worshipped. we worked together at the board of the worldwide church. (the only place where we integrate.)
they were from a powerful family. they were also married to this sister. we were supposed to think they were therefore on our side or, you know, at least interesting.
so anyway, (its best not to dwell on white peoples miscalculations in public, even in invisible parentheticals) they showed me the ropes at work. they were a mentor to me. the only thing was, showing me the ropes often meant we had to be off somewhere alone together. the strangest things would happen in these moments, the first of which was when they reached inside my blouse to adjust my bra strap. they walked away, leaving me standing in the middle of the office floor, thinking about the two separate occasions in which a male had, without invitation, reached for my bra. the first time, the other kid and i were both around twelve years old. it was a little strange, but i was okay with it. they were a friend. this time, it felt creepy. on the one hand, there was the age difference. this guy was at least twenty years older than me. on the other hand, they were a peer.
i was, after all, eighteen. an adult now. maybe its just like that when youre an adult.
but then they turned around and came towards me: oh, dont think anything of that, they said. i have a wife and kid, i would never . . . i dont remember whether they let it trail off like that or i just stopped listening.
i never said anything to them about this. but of course i thought something of it. standing there, head pounding. there was the attempt to pull my thoughts together. looking at the faces of people now walking by or moving around in nearby rooms. busy in their cubicles. busy in the copy room. there was the desire to keep this from happening again, but bigger than that was the desire for this to be nothing.
this is a series of things i told myself i had forgotten: there was the chance they really meant nothing by it, wasnt there? and if i just made sure my bra strap didnt show again, there would be nothing to question, right? i could tell them about my discomfort and they could get better (and keep explaining how they meant nothing by it) or get worse. or i could act like it was nothing and things could get better (because nothing had happened) or get worse. worst case scenario: i could say stop and they could show themselves to be as evil as i feared them to be. best case scenario: i could say nothing and nothing (else) would happen. i was an optimist.
in front of the closet the next morning, there was the hunt for something sufficiently unremarkable. a shirt that covered, fully, the shoulders and neck, but not a form-fitting shirt. a blouse. a bra with tight straps that didnt move.
i dont have to tell you that things got worse. you already know, dont you? i dont have to say anything, most likely, anything at all about those jokes or the other times they took liberties with a strap or hem. (how it was. the way muscles in the backs of other white men would tighten, as they did these things only in their presence. how their lips pursed, the wheeze of air escaping through their nostrils. the desire to accept friendship. the desire to see acts of aggression as something else. the theories that develop. if you dont acknowledge the bad feeling, it means the thing isnt what it feels like. the thing. all this had to be worked out in silence, in the head. words, you see, betray themselves.) but maybe you dont know how things can look better as they are getting worse.
they praised my work to my real boss all the time. i wanted things to be right and so, between wrong touches and wrong words, i held my breath. simultaneously added up every undesirable act and erased it from my short term memory. optimism has a way of dimming when you look some people directly in the eye. the longer things went on like this, the more important it became to keep up appearances. if you were to look in on us, at a meeting or in their office, you would often see us laughing together. somehow, i kept thinking, im going to get out of here before i feel forced to confront him. if this is happening because they want to hurt me, i dont want to know. they became smarmy. i became small. something i still wonder: how small could i have gotten before i felt forced to confront him?
they praised me and praised me. i didnt drink, smoke, eat meat, or take caffeine. i didnt seem to have, they kept saying, any vices. they held me up against their step-daughter, who was unwed and a new mother, my age. their baby was much lighter than they are. when they came to visit the office, they insulted them the entire time. after each insult, they would smile a resigned smile, shrug, and look to me . . .
"Fake it till you make it" (frequently 'til you make it or until you make it) is an English aphorism which suggests that by imitating confidence, competence, and an optimistic mindset, a person can realize those qualities in their real life.[1][2] It echoes the underlying principles of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) as a means to enable a change in one's behavior.[citation needed]
The phrase is first attested some time before 1973.[3]
Similar advice has been offered by a variety of writers over time:
Action seems to follow feeling, but really action and feeling go together; and by regulating the action, which is under the more direct control of the will, we can indirectly regulate the feeling, which is not. Thus the sovereign voluntary path to cheerfulness, if our spontaneous cheerfulness be lost, is to sit up cheerfully, to look round cheerfully, and to act and speak as if cheerfulness were already there. If such conduct does not make you soon feel cheerful, nothing else on that occasion can. So to feel brave, act as if we were brave, use all our will to that end, and a courage-fit will very likely replace the fit of fear. William James, "The Gospel of Relaxation", On Vital Reserves (1922)
In the Law of attraction movement, "act as if you already have it", or simply "act as if", is a central concept:
How do you get yourself to a point of believing? Start make-believing. Be like a child, and make-believe. Act as if you have it already. As you make-believe, you will begin to believe you have received. Rhonda Byrne, The Secret (2006)
In the 1920s, Alfred Adler developed a therapeutic technique that they called "acting as if". This strategy gave their clients an opportunity to practice alternatives to dysfunctional behaviors. Adler's method is still used today and is often described as "role play".
See also [ edit ]
SOUTH BEND, IN - OCTOBER 11: Sheldon Day #91 of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish rushes past Landon Turner #78 of the North Carolina Tar Heels at Notre Dame Stadium on October 11, 2014 in South Bend, Indiana. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)
What would constitute a successful NFL draft for the Dallas Cowboys?
According to Washington Post contributing writer Jeff Dooley, it would feature defensive players being selected with the first three picks and a quarterback taken in the seventh round.
Like many mock drafts (you can find 10 separate ones from NFL draft experts all over the country right here), Dooley has the Cowboys taking defensive back Jalen Ramsey at No. 4.
Rounds two and three of a Cowboys' dream haul would include defensive end Emmanuel Ogbah and defensive tackle Sheldon Day.
SportsDay special contributor Bob Sturm evaluated Ogbah's game in an extensive post, which can be found here. Sturm liked and didn't like parts of the Oklahoma State DE's game.
Liked:  They are a very explosive player who is willing to battle hard throughout a play - regardless of how much attention they are getting. They run down plays from behind and is able to get around the corner from both the LDE and the RDE.
Didn't like: There will be some questions about their strength as a stout DE on the strong side as they can get moved out of the way a bit and appears to prefer to be the penetrator rather than the stand-your-ground type of guy against the run. But, the big issue that is a legitimate concern from NFL teams is whether or not they have a high NFL ceiling.
Here's what Dooley had to say about Day:
"[H]is production was excellent in 2015, earning the second-highest grade among interior defensive linemen (behind only Oregon's DeForest Buckner, a likely top-10 pick) and performing equally well as a run defender and as a pass-rusher," Dooley said. "Day might be limited to a role as a 3-technique defensive tackle in the pros, but that makes them an excellent fit in the Dallas defense. Day can be a disruptive force in the running game and in getting after the quarterback. The combination of Day, Ogbah and Ramsey would provide an immediate upgrade for a defense in need of one."
In four years at Notre Dame, Day played in a total of 34 games racking up 141 total tackles. They had 32 tackles for a loss, 7.5 sacks and eight pass deflections. Their best year statistically was their senior year where they had 15.5 tackles for a loss and four sacks. They also forced two fumbles.
As far as the quarterback position is concerned, Dooley doesn't have the Cowboys drafting one until their last selection, which is the 217th pick overall. Dallas would be taking Bowling Green's Matt Johnson.
Jürgen Klopp has outlined why Liverpool swooped to seal a loan deal for Steven Caulker until the end of the season today.
The centre-back completed a temporary move to the Reds from Queens Park Rangers to bolster the defensive ranks.
Klopp believes the acquisition of Caulker, who has also represented Tottenham Hotspur, Swansea City, Cardiff City and Southampton in the Barclays Premier League, was an important one to provide cover following the injuries sustained by Martin Skrtel, Dejan Lovren, Mamadou Sakho and Kolo Toure in recent weeks.
The manager told Liverpoolfc.com: “It was very important for us. In our situation, four weeks ago we didn't know we'd have a problem with centre-halves because they were all in the race. At the start of the season, Joe Gomez was also in the squad, so a fifth centre-half - and then the situation changed completely.
“Now, we've had to make a decision whether we wanted to get another player for the position. The situation is Martin Skrtel is not available for around about the next four-and-a-half weeks, five weeks. Then we have the problem with Dejan – it's only a little muscle injury. I think he'll be available in one to one-and-a-half weeks. Then you have Mama with a little knee issue – they can play, but it's not perfect and you cannot bring them three or four times in a row throughout the season. And it's the same for Kolo and so would mean we are always in this situation, do we have enough or not? So we thought, ‘Yes, good idea'.
“We looked for Premier League experience because in this short time, you need that experience. We looked for a good header [of the ball] because that's what we need – we want to play good pressing, we want to press the opponent and so they have to play long balls. If they play long balls, you need people in the last line who can help you with headers.
“And we've found it with Steven Caulker. They were not in the best situation in Southampton, didn't play too much, but this is January and we want to have the best solution for us and we are absolutely convinced that Steven is the best solution for us.
“I am looking forward to working with him. They will be here today and then we can start working, so everything is good!”
With Liverpool set to play at least five more fixtures before the conclusion of January alone, Klopp acknowledged the schedule meant it was essential Liverpool drafted in some defensive reinforcement.
They added: “I don't want to talk too much about the schedule because I think I've spoken too much about it in the last few days, but my problem is most of the time I say the truth!
“The schedule is like it is. We have these two games [this week] and then hopefully we have a lot, a lot more games.
“We know all about our games in the league, but we don't know how many games we will have in the different cups. This is the situation and we have to be prepared for this.
“January is the only month where we can do something. We did it in this position [defence] and now let's go on.”
Yes, you read the headline correctly.
After an incredible exciting title-win over Eddie Alvarez this past November it looks like Bellator lightweight champ Michael Chandler will face another more-experienced veteran with time in Japan albeit not one many fans would have expected for the unbeaten grappler's follow-up fight.
According to a press release from Bellator, Chandler will collide with Akihiro Gono on May 4 in Canada at Bellator 67.
Gono, who holds an overall record of 32-17, has not fought in America for more than three years after a 1-2 run in the UFC. Known for their colorful entrances and willingness to face all-comers, the 37-year old is coming off back-to-back decision defeats with the latter coming after a sixteen-month break from competition. Though their recent outings leave a lot to be desired Gono does hold past victories over some of MMA's elite including Hector Lombard and Gegard Mousasi.
“I'm just excited to get back into the cage,” Chandler said of the match-up. “I fought four times in 2011 and I'm ready to get back to work. Gono has beaten some of the best fighters in the sport and this should be a good test for me.”
Bellator 67 will take place at the Rama Casino in Ontario. The card will also feature a bout between former MFC welterweight Ryan Ford and Luis Santos.
PHOTO CREDIT – STRIKEFORCE/UFC
Giving women in academia genuine equal opportunities
Happy international women's day!
I want to use this occasion to share some thoughts about how to give women in academia a fair chance. I'm not talking about affirmative action or quota, but rather making both the environment more welcoming to women, the formal practices fairer to women, and the informal practices such that they are less disadvantageous for women. The reason why these things need to be discussed is that I increasingly encounter academics (mostly men, I fear) who think that there are no further issues with the environment/procedures/practices, and who believe that in reality women now get better chances in academia than men. While there may be isolated cases of such favorable treatment of women, my judgement of the situation is that all things considered many women are still in many (subtle and not-so-subtle) ways disadvantaged, and that unfortunately many academics do not understand how the practices in academia are disadvantaging women. So, let us look at some of these factors, and ask what each of us can do to give women an equal chance in academia.
Implicit bias
In many situations the causes of women's unequal chances are small and not visible to those not trained to diagnose the situation. One cause is the effects of implicit bias, which implies that if a piece of work is being done by women, it will be judged of lower quality than exactly the same piece of work done by me, due to non-conscious associations we hold. Or, a certain skill, capacity or personality trait will be judged positively if we see it in a man, and less positively or even negatively if it's a trait of a woman. A typical case is being assertive, which is in men seen as a sign of leadership, but in women quickly interpreted as being aggressive. Implicit bias is often at work in how we judge CV's and publication list: a woman with a strong publication list will be seen as ‘promising', a man will be seen as ‘excellent'. These differences in evaluation are documented in studies on implicit bias, but many colleagues (from various universities and fields) who know about implicit bias, have seen it work in evaluative situations (like hiring committees) in which the work and capacities of men and women were evaluated.
In my view, we won't be able to make a significant improvement in the position of women in academia if academics in positions of power and authority (that is: those who hire people, judge non-anonymous grant applications or paper/books submission etc.) will not fully understand the workings of implicit bias, including some of the empirical research that documents implicit bias. Feminist philosophers such as Jennifer Saul and Sally Haslanger have done a lot of work on implicit bias, so anyone who wants to know more can read it on the web, for example here.
Networking and mentoring
Another cause is that due to the fact that there are many more senior male academics than senior female academics (supervisors, lecturers, professors), it is much harder for a young female academic to find a mentor of the same sex. When I was a grad student in economics in Leuven, around 1997, I noticed that the male PhD students, postdocs and lecturers would once in a while do a joint activity in the weekend, such as playing football or going for a hike. There were about 3 female PhD students in the department, and none was invited to join; and in fact these women may have felt awkward since this group of men were clearly friends. But there were no female professors and hence no female mentors for the young women with whom to hang out and learn much about the academic labour market that one doesn't learn from the books. No-one did anything wrong and still the young women were disadvantaged in getting access to informal information about the workings of the academic labour market.
One of the things that has struck me being on hiring committees in recent times is that some young women have clearly been badly advised about what to publish, where to publish. In my part of the woods, publication track outweighs other factors in deciding whom to hire. Since numbers are small it is difficult to draw any firm conclusions from this, but I've seen a number of good or very good women, who nevertheless had a publication record that was much weaker than they presumably could have had if they had received proper advice on how to develop a sound publication strategy. My hunch is that given the gendered structures of informal mentoring and networking, young men get much more and much better of such advice then women.
Any senior academic, whether male or female, therefore has an opportunity by scouting, intellectually nurturing, informally mentoring and guiding young women – undergrad and Master's students, but also PhD students and young Postdocs. I have had several such senior people who adviced me when I was younger, and it has made a significant difference to my chances on the academic labour market. Many of them went beyond the call of duty—I was neither at their institute nor a former student of them, and still they supported me in numerous ways, including responding to endless questions I put to them about the workings of academia. Several of them were men. In fact, the person who supported me most in the crucial years after I got my PhD, was a man (not my supervisor). I am not quite sure they would want to be named here, but since they know who they are, let me just say: thank you.
The gender-representation of a discipline
It is very important for younger women to have older women to whom they can relate as role models. The Gendered Conference Campaign has argued at length why all-male conference, summer schools, and other events are bad. I'm not going to repeat their arguments here. But let me add that I've increasingly come to the view that although it is better to have a conference with 1 female invited speaker and 6 male invited speakers than a conference with 7 male speakers, it is still only marginally better than having an all male conference. So I propose the following: as a strict rule: no all male conferences. As a guideline to which we should strongly aspire and make any efforts we can to realise it: any conference, Summerschool or other event should not have less than one third of speakers of either sex.
Balance = at least one third of either sex.
There is the old insight that if members of a certain group are represented with less than one third in the composition of the larger group, then members of that group will be stronger identified in their capacity as members of the underrepresented group. So if you have a conference with 4 keynote speakers (1 female, 3 male), then the female speaker will be more perceived as a woman then if the division was more equal (in this case: 2/2). The paradox of this is that we should invite women so that they are no longer perceived as women first, but as professionals in their field: but to reach that goals we must make sure we invite at least one third of them. If you don't quite know how to make a conference gender-balanced: the Gendered Conference Campaign has some ideas on how to do that, but feel free to add more in the discussion.
One problem I've encountered with activism on this topic is that when you notice an all-male event, it is often organized by people in your field, including your friends and also colleagues with whom you collaborate in various ways. So if then, as a woman, you notify the organisors, this can become very awkward: they may interpret it as that you are really saying that they should have invited you. In fact, it has happened to me that via social media I drew attention to an all male event, only to receive an invitation the next day. This is of course not what one wants to signal if one addresses gender-imbalanced events. It is therefore very good that there are independent media such as Feminist Philosophers, who can on more neutral grounds draw attention to gender imbalanced events.
Transition problems
One problem with the current situation in which in some fields there are only a handful of women, is that these women are asked to serve on all committees, since it is in itself a good thing to have more gendered-balanced committees. But if you only have 10%-15% female full professors (as in my country), but you want at least one woman on each committee (often committees consist of 5 persons, but I've also been on 2-person committees), then it means that female professors will be called upon much more to serve on committees, giving them less time for their teaching and research. I've noted this issue in my professional life, and virtually every female professor I've discussed this, has the same experience. I don't see how we can solve this: if all goes well it clearly should be ‘merely' a transition problem—but one that will take probably a very long time.
Sexual Harassment
There are other hurdles and problems for women in academia. In an interview in The Times Higher Eduction, Jennifer Saul mentions the many testimonies of sexual harassment they received when they started the blog What's it like to be a woman in philosophy? Some of the accounts there are horrifying. Yet I should say that I have never had a friend, colleague, or student who gave even the slightest indication of being sexually harassed. I suspect this is pure statistical coincidence, but it may also be a difference between subcultures within countries or something else that I am overlooking. But by all means discuss this in the comments if you have some advice to share on how to solve this problem.
Families and the labour market
Finally, there are issues that affect women in academia as they affect all women workers, especially women who want to have a job that is time-wise demanding. One issue is that many women who have been succesful in academia had supporting partners. Yet we also know that the demand for truly egalitarian men is smaller than the supply of truly egalitarian men; and that those young heterosexual couples who manage to be egalitarian often move to less egalitarian arrangements once they become parents. There are suggestions for institutional reforms that could address these issue, including the #1 solution which is to provide for high-quality affordable childcare, but also radical and somewhat less radical solutions regarding maternity and parental leave. Yet these affect all women and men, and not those in academia in particular.
So join me in celebrating International Women's Day by sharing what you believe could help in giving women genuine equal opportunities in academia. And many thanks to all those who, often over many years, have done so much work trying to give women in academia more equal opportunities.
Farabel is structured into two game modes: Campaign and Challenges.
In the Campaign mode, your job is to defend the great city of Farabel against hordes of starved orcs, goblins and trolls through 15 epic battles!
You play 3 different characters who learn new skills and become more powerful after every battle. Each victory brings new banners for your army, new challenges and new units.
In the Challenge mode, you will be able to create your own army.
Every Challenge has its own game mechanics. Pick the best Banner, build the best Army, and choose the best Strategy to beat high scores and unlock the Epic version of the challenge.
In the first Challenge, The Ancient City of Drölm, a human expedition is lost in a ruined Orc city and surrounded by enemies. Your mission is to resist as long as you can.
Magic and combats in Farabel are not a question of chance. Everything is predictable: if you subtract the defender's Armor to the attacker's Force, you get the number of Hit Points lost by the defender.
Is that mean this game is easy? Of course not! Farabel is easy to learn, but difficult to master.
A good knowledge of the units is a clear advantage. In addition to the active abilities like healing spells or powerful attacks, some units have passive abilities that can be very effective if they're well used.
Active ability example: the basic healing spell is used by Priest units and by the Character Isaïa.
Passive ability example: Moving a mounted unit in a straight line enable the Charge ability.
In Farabel, you'll face bosses. Each boss will have a unique set of abilities used to lay waste the city of Farabel, and it will take you a bit of observation and perseverance to defeat them.
Connect with us
We would love to hear from you! We have a Facebook landing page and an official Twitter account. We'll continuously update our website until we've finished and released Farabel.
A DRM-free version will be available at www.farabel.com.
What do you get for pledging? The full details are just over there!
Frogames is a 2 guys indie studio, and we work on games for 12 years!
and more...
John French Composer & Musician
John Leonard French is a British videogame composer based in Norfolk in the UK. Their experience includes writing the soundtracks to award winning short films, documentaries and indie videogame projects. http://www.johnleonardfrench.co.uk/
By Matthew Price
BBC News, Ciudad Juarez
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The children of El Paso's Glen Cove Elementary School have not been told that a gunman shot their classmate dead. Nor have they been told that someone across the Rio Grande in Mexico thought nothing of killing the seven-year-old. Or that the gunman left Jociel Ramierez alone to die, as the blood seeped out of their body on a busy roundabout. Seven-year-old Jociel Ramierez was a young victim of Juarez's drug war If proof were needed that Mexico's most dangerous city, Juarez, is in danger of one day descending into anarchy - this is surely it. Jociel Ramierez was born of Mexican parents in the US. They may not be the first US citizen to be killed in what have been called Mexico's drug wars, but they probably are the youngest. Their death is also a vivid illustration of how low Juarez has fallen, and how little the Mexican authorities seem able do about it. Murder rate rising When Felipe Calderon became president almost three years ago, they declared war on the drug cartels that they blamed for the breakdown of law and order across the country. Juarez has been flooded with extra troops, but its violence is unabated They took the fight to them, and over time sent out more troops, more federal police, to defend their citizens and their country. The Mexican government believes that given time it will win the fight. In Juarez though - which received thousands of extra troops earlier this year, and yet which has seen the murder rate slowly rise since then - some are beginning to question that certainty. People like Jociel Ramierez's aunt, who prefers not to be named for fear of retribution, and who has a different solution to the problem: "We have to end corruption, maybe that's the way to finish it." That is not a minority view here. Increasingly some believe it is not the drugs trade that is at the heart of the crisis. Instead it is political corruption and poverty, and until they are tackled, there will be no end. Luiz Nevarez says they could earn 30 times more in the drugs trade than in teaching "The drug problem is just a consequence of the decay of rule of law in this country," says one business person with joint Mexican-American citizenship. They too prefer to remain anonymous. Sticking your head above the parapet in this city is not something people do readily. Kidnapping and extortion, along with the murders, occur often. "Nothing functions well, therefore anyone can take advantage of the system. So what we're seeing now is a [illegal] drug industry that's taking advantage of the system - of the way things work. "And to get rid of it like the federal government is trying to do now is going to cause a lot of problems. So this violence is a consequence of all this." One man who has studied Juarez at first hand for longer than most is journalist and author Julian Cardona, who grew up in the city. They say the decline of Juarez has been a long time coming. "We have an unsustainable economy - a globalised economy - which pays very low wages. That allowed an alternative economy to be created which also globalised - drugs. Both economies are playing here. Juarez is a very important place for both." Poverty fuelling drug trade Masked men stand on the roof of the central prison in Juarez. Their rifles are at the ready. Poverty is blamed for driving many into the arms of drug cartels Down below in an open-air courtyard the prison band plays enthusiastically. Drums and trumpets. This is home - for six years at least - for Luiz Nevarez. A small man who tries to smile a lot, who used to be a teacher before they turned to petty drugs smuggling. They tell me that the Mexican economy functions for an elite group - not for the average person. A teacher, for instance, gets 3,000 pesos every week ($230) - transporting drugs around the country can get you up to 30 times more than that they tell me. Poverty is driving many into the arms of the very cartels the government wants to wipe out. The government insists it is working to protect the people. The president says their tactic of meeting force with force will work in the end.  They are trying to reform the judiciary, the police, and to tackle corruption. Many, though, like the business person who prefers to remain anonymous, believe it will take something more. "What we need to change is our political model. We need to establish a rule of law that functions, that gives rights to every citizen, so that they are not taken advantage of." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image caption The report claims most minority groups are less likely to win university places
Ethnic minority students are less likely than their white British peers to receive offers from UK universities, research suggests.
A study, by the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), analysed university applications made in 2008 by 50,000 would-be students.
Degree applications from 12 minority groups analysed were "significantly" less likely to result in an offer.
Universities UK said institutions were "actively addressing" the issue.
The report found that even after academic achievement, family social background and the type of school a student attended were taken into account, most minority groups were still much less likely to win a university place.
The only exceptions were mixed white/Asian and Chinese university candidates, who did not have a significantly lower chance of getting an offer.
The academics calculated that on average, Pakistani candidates received seven fewer offers for every 100 applications compared with white British applicants, whilst Bangladeshi and black African students received five fewer offers and black Caribbean youngsters received three fewer.
The research also found that around 71% of applications from white British students to elite institutions - those with the most competitive entry requirements - resulted in an offer, more than for any other group.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Minority ethnic groups are not reluctant to apply to top institutions, says the study
At the other end of the scale, around 49% of applications to these universities from Bangladeshi students resulted in offers, along with 52% of those from Pakistani young people.
'Marked differences'
The LSE researchers also looked at the types of universities to which different ethnic groups were likely to apply.
They found that once qualifications, socio-economic status and schooling were taken into account, there was "very little" evidence that candidates from black and minority ethnic groups were reluctant or unwilling to apply to high-status institutions.
"When other variables are taken into account, candidates from most black and minority ethnic groups are just as, if not more, likely to target elite universities than comparable white British candidates," the report concludes.
All the applications examined by the LSE researchers were under 21 years of age and had a minimum of two A-levels or equivalent qualifications.
Dr Michael Shiner, an associate professor at the LSE's department of social policy, said: "We know that students from black and minority ethnic groups go to university in good numbers, but our analysis raises concerns about the fairness of the admissions process.
"Even when we take account of A-level grades, candidates' chances of receiving an offer vary according to their ethnicity, the type of school they attend and their family background. For some candidates these factors combine to create quite marked differences.
"Although the vast majority of applicants do eventually get a place at university, non-academic factors influence the offers they receive and the choices that are available to them."
A spokesperson for Universities UK said: "This is a complex and challenging issue which universities are actively addressing.
"Offer rates are largely explained by applicants' previously attained grades and the course's popularity, but factors such as subject choice at A-level, information advice and guidance received and patterns of application by subject are all factors that can play a role.
"The application figures in question relate to the 2008 application cycle and the higher education system has seen significant changes over the last six years."
Listen, we know it's tough to catch up on everything happening in the baseball world each morning. There are all kinds of stories, rumors, game coverage, and Vines of dudes getting hit in the beans every day, and trying to find all of it while on your way to work or sitting at your desk isn't easy. It's okay, though, we're going to do the heavy lifting for you each morning, and find the things you need to see from within the SB Nation baseball network as well as from elsewhere. Please hold your applause until the end.
★★★
Yoan Moncada is officially a free agent, and you can expect bidding for their services to ramp up soon. That works just fine for Moncada, who almost immediately after being declared a free agent told MLB.com that they want to sign soon, and with a team that can get them to the majors as quickly as possible. Basically everyone in the game wants Moncada -- who has first-overall pick talent, were they only eligible for the draft -- but not everyone has what it takes to have him: most of the league is just lustfully checking out a teenager from afar and wow have you ever thought about how weird it is that scouts do that for a living? Sports!
The teams that do have what it takes and are considered the favorites are the Yankees, Dodgers, Red Sox, and Tigers. All four are rich and have no issue spending money when money is the answer to their problems. All four could use Moncada, though, the Red Sox could use them the least given their outfield and three-fourths of their infield are locked up as a unit for the next four years minimum. Buster Olney wrote that this fact might lead them to be less desperate in their negotiations than the competition, but make no mistake, talent is talent, and the Sox will still try to acquire Moncada even if there is no place for him. They'll deal with that logjam when it needs to be unjammed, and not a moment before.
The's could always surprise everyone, and not just because Billy Beane is known for that sort of thing. They came out of nowhere to nab Yoenis Cespedes a few years back, and since Beane only hates holding on to first-round picks, would likely be delighted to add a high-priced international free agent to their farm system. The Cardinals are also a threat, especially since they never did spend big on a pitcher this winter. We won't have to wait very long to find out which of these places Moncada will land, not with their desire to participate in spring training going public two weeks before camps open.
The cast for Wake Up, Girls! , the new anime from director Yutaka Yamamoto (Kannagi, Fractale, episode of Lucky Star), was unveiled at an event at Wonder Festival 2013 [Summer] on Sunday. The anime, which follows aspiring idols from Japan's quake-hit northeastern Tohoku region, will air on television and play in theaters simultaneously in early 2014.
Mayu Yoshioka as Mayu Shimada
15-year-old first-year high school girl unrivaled in their talent for singing and dancing
Airi Eino as Airi Hayashida
15-year-old first-year high school girl who is not particularly talented, but has a lot of drive
Minami Tanaka as Minami Katayama
14-year-old third-year middle school girl who is the "little sister" of the group and sets the mood
Yoshino Aoyama as Yoshino Nanase
16-year-old first-year high school girl who already has experience in the business as a local commercial actor and model. A cool beauty with the most sense of responsibility in the group
Nanami Yamashita as Nanami Hisami
13-year-old second-year middle school girl who adores "Hikarizuka Revue" (a nod to Takarazuka Revue). They have been training in singing and dancing since they were very young, and is very prideful
Kaya Okuno as Kaya Kikuma
18-year-old third-year high school girl who is responsible for the group's sex appeal and fashion
Miyu Takagi as Miyu Okamoto
17-year-old third-year high school girl who is indecisive and prone to crying.  They are an idol otaku who works part-time at a maid café
Shintarō Asanuma as Kōhei Matsuda
The manager of Green Entertainment. They went to college in Tokyo to become a recording artist, but suffered a setback and came back home to Sendai
Noriko Hidaka as Junko Tange
The president of Green Entertainment. Born in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan, they lived in Tokyo and Osaka before finding themselves in Sendai far from their birthplace
The story follows these seven girls who aspire to star in the so-called "idol sengoku jidai " (idol warring states period) of modern day. The Green Leaves Entertainment is a tiny production company on the verge of going out of business in Sendai, the biggest city in Japan's northeastern Tohoku region. The agency once managed the careers of magicians, photo idols, fortune-tellers, and other entertainers, but its last remaining client finally quit. In danger of having zero talent (literally), the president Tange hatches an idea of producing an idol group. On the brash president's orders, the dissatisfied manager Matsuda heads out to scout raw talent. Matsuda makes a fateful encounter with a certain girl….
Yamamoto is directing the project at their studio Ordet and Tatsunoko Productions. The staff also includes scriptwriter Touko Machida (Lucky Star, Battle Girls - Time Paradox, The [email protected]), composer Satoru Kousaki (Lucky Star, Battle Girls - Time Paradox, The [email protected], The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya), and character designer Sunao Chikaoka (blossom, Abnormal Physiology Seminar, Kyo no Gononi). The production company Avex (Ayumi Hamasaki, Kumi Koda, AAA, Super Girls) and the voice talent agency 81 Produce (Kana Asumi, Emiri Kato, Megumi Toyoguchi) held open auditions with over 2,000 female candidates last fall. The winners will not only star as the main characters of the new anime, but also sing the anime's theme song.
The anime's setting of Tohoku is an area that was heavily affected by the earthquake of March 11, 2011. Yamamoto (also known as "Yamakan") has been visiting the Tohoku region frequently, particularly the damaged hometown of Kannagi manga creator Eri Takenashi, and they already made blossom, a charity anime for the region.
The cast will appear at the anime's booth at Comic Market 84 next month, and the booth will also offer the anime's official book WU,G! as well as advance tickets for a preview screening with a signed poster. There will also be "showcase events" every month from September to December.
Thanks to Woun Thisworld for the news tip
Sources: Animate.tv, MoCa
Images © Green Leaves/Wake Up, Girls! Production Committee
WARSAW, Poland -- A Polish member of the European Parliament has launched another sexist tirade, calling it a “20th century stereotype that women have the same intellectual potential as men,” and that the stereotype “must be destroyed because it is not true.”
Janusz Korwin-Mikke's insults on Friday in Warsaw came two days after they told the European Parliament that “women must earn less than men because they are weaker, they are smaller, they are less intelligent.”
Austrian far-right candidate loses election
The president of the Parliament opened an investigation Thursday into the comments, for which Korwin-Mikke could face sanctions such as a reprimand, a fine or a temporary suspension.
Their latest blast came after they were challenged by female lawmakers during a visit to the Polish parliament in Warsaw. Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus, from the Modern party, accused them of offending women and said they would not allow them to do it again.
“There are more women than men in Poland, we're better educated, and I will not let you offend Polish women, European women and women all over the world. It's a disgrace,” they told him.
Korwin-Mikke has a history of getting attention for outrageous comments, including comparing the European Union to the Third Reich.
In 2015, they raised their arm in a Nazi salute to make a political point in the European Parliament, the EU's elected legislative arm, forcing the centrist government in Warsaw at the time to apologize and express shame for their behavior.
Korwin-Mikke heads a small party which won just under 5 percent of the vote in Poland's last parliamentary election in 2015, failing to clear the 5 percent threshold to get any seats.
John Billington (1880 – October 1905) was an English executioner. They were on the Home Office list from 1901 to 1905.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Billington came from a family of hangmen.[2] Their father, James, was an executioner from 1884 to 1901, and their two older brothers, Thomas and William were employed in the same occupation.
In early 1902, at the age of 21, John attended an execution training course at Newgate Prison.[3] Their brother William was England's primary executioner by this time, and the two became partners. They first worked on 18 March.[4] John was the assistant for 10 of William's commissions in 1902. They helped perform the last execution at Newgate and the first one at Pentonville.[5]
Billington continued as an assistant through most of 1903. However, with their experience, they were soon promoted. On 2 December 1903, they carried out their commission as a chief executioner in Manchester, with John Ellis as their assistant.[6] Twenty-nine executions took place in England and Ireland in 1903; the Billington brothers participated in 27 of them, including 15 as a two-man team.[6]
John Billington worked both as their brother's assistant and as a chief executioner for the next two years. On three separate occasions, they carried out executions in different cities on the same day.[6] The last of these was on 17 August 1904, when John executed John Kay at Armley Prison, and William hanged Samuel Holden at Winson Green Prison.[1]
Besides Ellis, John Billington also frequently worked with Henry Pierrepoint. In their career, Billington carried out a total of 26 hangings as an assistant and 16 as a chief executioner.[1] They worked as a hairdresser when not performing executions.[7]
In August 1905, Billington received a commission to hang Thomas Tattersall in Leeds. While preparing the scaffold, they fell through the open trapdoor and cracked their ribs. They died about two months later due to those injuries; the official cause of death was pleurisy.[8]
Billington was 25 years old at the time. They were survived by their wife and one child.[7]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
According to real estate mogul and reality television star Donald Trump in an interview Friday, America is a Judeo-Christian nation. Why? Silly question: Because “that's the way it is.” Surely you've learned by now not to expect Donald Trump to put much thought into their pronouncements. They plan to be king, after all, and what they say goes. Kings don't explain themselves. Silly colonials.
Trump spoke Friday at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference, using a teleprompter, and as Right Wing Watch's Brian Tashman reported, bragged about how well they have “done with the evangelicals and with the religion, generally speaking.”
And because Trump can't brag themselves up without telling lies about somebody else, they threw in there that insidious promise that, oh by the way, Hillary Clinton would “flood the country with terrorists.”
That's fake-Christian-speak for Muslims. Trump, referring back again to that six-year-old's presidential, policy-free stature they have become known for, reiterated their call to give Muslims a “timeout” and just ask them to stay out of our country awhile.
After the speech, Christian Broadcasting Network's David Brody of CBN's The Brody File, caught up with Trump.
Watch the interview from CBN:
David Brody: Tell me a little bit about what you need to do to convince skeptical Evangelicals that voted for Ted Cruz, did not vote for you, what do you need to do, do you think you have some work to do?
Donald Trump: Well, you always have work to do, but I will say that, as you know, I won with the Evangelicals, and I won many of the states with Evangelicals, and the Evangelicals were absolutely incredible to me and I'll never forget it. They believed in me, I believe in them, and states I wasn't supposed to win with Evangelicals, you know very well I ended up winning, and had some very big victories, had some massive victories, real landslides. And a lot of those states were Evangelicals states, so there's always work to be done but we've done really well with Evangelicals. It must be because I do your show with you so much.
Brody: I know, I can confirm that.
Trump: It must be the answer.
Brody: Later this month, at the meeting with Evangelical leaders, what do you hope to get out of it, exactly?
Trump: Well, I just look forward to it. Ben Carson called me, he'd love to do it. They wanted to do it, and he's the one that brought it up to me and I said yes. You know Ben left, and endorsed me, and he's a terrific guy, a wonderful man, and so I'm doing it for that reason, and I've actually found out it's going to be quite an important meeting, so I look forward to it.
Brody: You've mentioned the founding of this country out in the speech. There are a lot of folks that push back against this idea that we're not a Judeo-Christian nation. Do you push back as well? In other words, do you believe this is a Judeo-Christian nation?
Trump: Well, and that's the way it's been, look, we won freedom for everybody, we won good things for everybody, but everybody has to be cognizant of the fact that we need a safe country, and that's why I talked about radical Islamic terrorism. It's a problem…we have to be smart and we have to be vigilant and we have no choice.
Trump may not have made Evangelicals happy by proclaiming that the freedom we won is for “everybody” because there are quite a few groups Evangelicals don't think are deserving of that freedom besides Muslims, or even included under the mantle of protection offered by the First Amendment, never mind what the Founding Fathers said.
Brody closed the interview by “going there” – the suggestion that they should tone down their rhetoric, in this case, for the benefit of the Evangelicals whose support they need:
Brody: Last question: The word on the street among Evangelicals is that they want you to turn down the rhetoric, they want – forget that everybody talks about ‘more presidential' forget about that – but they want you from that moral perspective to tone it down, and how do you feel about that?
Trump: Well, you have to be who you are, and I mean, I've gotten the largest number of votes in the history of Republican politics – by far – and so I want to keep, you know, doing what we're doing. But if you ask me to tone it down, I'll tone it down.”
What is clear from this interview is that Trump cannot acknowledge that there is anything specific they need to improve on. They completely disregard the large numbers of Evangelicals – including Evangelical leaders – who supported Ted Cruz as the Messiah-in-Chief, just as they disregard the huge number of Republicans who voted against them by casting their votes for another candidate. They bragged again about their historic voting numbers, but we can add to these the many polls that show their disapproval ratings to also be historically high.
Trump is perfect in Trump's mind. They clearly don't intend to change a thing, joking acquiescence to Brody's wishes at the end aside. This was classic Donald Trump. They were lower key for Brody, but Trump doesn't have to be loud to lie. As they show here, they just has to open their mouth.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Opponents of Florida Power and Light- GO TO JAIL!
South Florida environmentalist sentenced to 60 days and 30 days in the Palm Beach County Jail for protesting FPL
For those who don't know what FPL is(from OrlandoSentinel. com):
FPL Group is an energy company with two main subsidiaries, Florida Power & Light Co. and FPL Energy Inc. It has revenues of close to $16 billion annually and has a presence in 26 states. A third subsidiary, FPL FiberNet, provides cable and fiber-optic services to telecommunications companies. FPL Group's Florida Power & Light subsidiary is the largest investor-owned utility in Florida. In 2007, FPL announced plans to build the world's largest solar-power plant. The company owns nuclear plants in four states.
I origionally read about this due to the Earth Liberation Front, along w/ information on how to write to and support these two dissenting patriots; however Earth First! mainly organized the event.
After being found guilty of misdemeanor trespassing, blocking traffic in an act of civil disobedience during the February 2008 protest against Florida Power Light's West County Energy Center, Lynne Purvis and Panagioti Tsolkas are sentenced to 30 and 60 days in jail. Their protest in February 2008 shut down Southern Boulevard for hours and prompted a special force of an estimated 100 sheriff's deputies to respond.
During their court case, Purvis and Tsolkas argued that the environmental damages caused by FPL's power plant necessitated non-violent civil disobedience.
Scientists Dr. John van Leer and Dr. Sydney Bachus testified in defense of Purvis and Tsolkas, arguing that the completion of the FPL West County Energy Center could lead to higher levels of Mercury in the Loxahatchee Preserve area and aquifer contamination; in addition to the acceleration of global warming. The State Attorney's Office contested the environmentalists' claims, arguing that proposed power plant impact on global warming was not an imminent threat.
Once open, the Florida Power and Light West County Energy Center will be the largest fossil fuel burning power plan in the United States, emitting twelve million tons of potentially toxic carbon emissions and dispensing 13.5 million gallons of contaminated water into Florida's aquifer every year.
In addition to jail, Judge Johnson sentence restrains Purvis and Tsolkas from coming within 500 feet of FPL property. Both remain committed to protecting Palm Beach County's natural resources.
Co-defendant Russell McSpadden responded to the Judge's sentence stating, “The FPL West County Energy Center poses an imminent and severe threat to our quality of life in Palm Beach County. We are dissapointed with the Judge's decision to jail environmental activists who took action to stop FPL from contaminating the air and water of Palm Beach County. We believe during this time of global climate change that average citizens must step up and take action to address the impacts large corporations are having on our environment.”
The Palm Beach Post quoted Lake Worth Commissioner Cara Jennings as saying “It's unheard of … jail time! Don't forget these are misdemeanors, they clearly don't want people protesting in Palm Beach County.”
I think that any person who truly respects the ideals of the old revolutionary America, would be paying attention to these kinds of happenings: the times are different (by far), but the bulls*** is similar, if not just the same.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
February 13, 2009
Categories: Society, politics, culture, etc. . Tags:activists arrested, climate change, Earth Liberation Front, environmental activism, Florida Power and Light, FPL, global warming, mercury pollution, political activism . Author: christophpissedoff
Leave a comment
No comments yet.
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
In our advanced PHP training course we cover object orientation and how it is implemented in PHP. PHP uses the terminology "magic methods" to refer to class methods that other object orientated languages, such as Java, would refer to either as standard class functionality, like constructors, or methods that form part of the base class from which all other classes derive, i.e. the Object class in Java. In PHP magic methods include such class functions as __toString and __clone.
PHP Object Cloning
Understanding the need for object cloning may be a little difficult at first for a procedural programmer to understand, especially one coming from a PHP background. When variables are assigned in PHP by default it is done via a pass-by-value mechanism. I.E. the variable is given a copy of the "contents" of the expressions which it is assigned. Hence if a variable is assigned the contents of another variable, changing the 2nd variables value does not affect the first variable.
$a=10;
$b=$a;
$b+=10;
echo $a."
\r";
echo $b;
The output of the above is:
10
20
From the above it is clear that variable $b got a copy of the content of $a and then performs operation on its own copy of the content. i.e. $b and $a do not point to the same content.
PHP Object Assignment
When it comes to assigning variables the result of an object creation operation the variable receives a copy of the "pointer" to the object. ("Pointer" should not be confused with C pointers, although I find thinking of them as pointing to the same location in memory as handy. Another way to think of this is as an alias to the same object or value.). This is different to what happens for variables that are assigned simple values. So if the second variable changes state of the object it references, all variables "pointing" to that object will access the updated state.
Of course this is natural and what one would expect to have happened. Its so natural that many do not fully comprehend this until they need to make a "copy" of an existing object.
class Person { public $firstName; public $lastName; } $person1 = new Person(); $person1->firstName="First Name"; $person1->lastName="Last Name"; $person2 = $person1; $person2->firstName="Surprise"; var_dump($person1); var_dump($person2);
Output
object(Person)#1 (2) { ["firstName"]=> string(8) "Surprise" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" } object(Person)#1 (2) { ["firstName"]=> string(8) "Surprise" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" }
From the above it can be seen that both variables "point" to the same object. So what happens when you want a copy of an object and not just a copy of the reference to the object? This is where the clone keyword comes in. To create a copy of an object one needs to do the following:
$person3 = clone $person1; $person3->firstName="Total Recall"; var_dump($person1); var_dump($person3);
Output
object(Person)#1 (2) { ["firstName"]=> string(8) "Surprise" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" } object(Person)#2 (2) { ["firstName"]=> string(12) "Total Recall" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" }
So the clone keyword creates an independent copy of the target object. But there is a problem with the cloning process.
PHP Clone Shallow Copy Problem
When the clone process runs it creates a shallow copy of the target object. What this means is that all non-object types get their values copied to the member variables of the new object but any variables referencing object simply get the object reference ("pointer") copied. So both object end up pointing to the same objects. The code below illustrates this a bit more clearly.
class Person { public $firstName; public $lastName; public $company; } class Company { public $companyName; } $companyA = new Company(); $companyA->companyName="PHP Training Co"; $person1 = new Person(); $person1->firstName="First Name"; $person1->lastName="Last Name"; $person1->company= $companyA; $person3 = clone $person1; $person3->firstName="Total Recall"; $person3->company->companyName="Awesome Co"; var_dump($person1); var_dump($person3);
Output
object(Person)#2 (3) { ["firstName"]=> string(10) "First Name" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" ["company"]=> object(Company)#1 (1) { ["companyName"]=> string(10) "Awesome Co" } } object(Person)#3 (3) { ["firstName"]=> string(12) "Total Recall" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" ["company"]=> object(Company)#1 (1) { ["companyName"]=> string(10) "Awesome Co" }
So the above shows that the copy was not perfect. Each copy now refers to the same instance of the company object. This may be what you want but maybe it is not what you want and you want a complete standalone copy of the original object. To do this you need to implement the __clone magic method.
PHP __clone Magic Method - Deep Copy
In the __clone magic method you will need to implement your own copy of the objects you wish to copy. In some cases this may be a more involved process of accessing the original copies member variables and copy those that are required but in this example we can simply use our newly learnt clone keyword to do the dirty work for us.
class Person { public $firstName; public $lastName; public $company; public function __clone(){ $this->company = clone $this->company; } } class Company { public $companyName; } $companyA = new Company(); $companyA->companyName="PHP Training Co"; $person1 = new Person(); $person1->firstName="First Name"; $person1->lastName="Last Name"; $person1->company= $companyA; $person3 = clone $person1; $person3->firstName="Total Recall"; $person3->company->companyName="Awesome Co"; var_dump($person1); var_dump($person3);
Output
object(Person)#2 (3) { ["firstName"]=> string(10) "First Name" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" ["company"]=> object(Company)#1 (1) { ["companyName"]=> string(15) "PHP Training Co" } } object(Person)#3 (3) { ["firstName"]=> string(12) "Total Recall" ["lastName"]=> string(9) "Last Name" ["company"]=> object(Company)#4 (1) { ["companyName"]=> string(10) "Awesome Co" }
So the clone magic method allows developers to implement a deep copy of an object when it is cloned. PHP first performs a shallow clone and the calls the clone method on the new object, if it exists, to complete the cloning process. Magic method such as __clone are covered in our advance PHP training course at Jumping Bean.
The news Monday night that Hillary Clinton has enough delegates to win the Democratic nomination did them no favors. It was commitments from the party insiders known as superdelegates that put Clinton over the top. That's giving added fuel to the claims of Bernie Sanders supporters that theprocess is rigged in favor of the establishment candidate and against their insurgent bid—just at a time when Clinton needs more urgently than ever to unite the party.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hillary Clinton is a presumptive nominee, making history 3:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The ongoing relevance of superdelegates in the race has triggered calls, including from Elizabeth Warren, to abolish them entirely.
So it's worth making clear that though superdelegates may have affected the timing of the nomination news, Clinton isn't winning the title because of them. She's way ahead in votes and pledged delegates—that is, those picked by voters—too. Take any reasonable system for allotting delegates, and they win.
I try not to tweet about US election stuff, but amid the discussions about primary rules, I found this interesting: pic.twitter.com/plnlTQEOc3 — Dina D. Pomeranz (@dinapomeranz) May 29, 2016
Indeed, for all the controversy over the role of superdelegates—not just this year, but also in the 2008 Obama-Clinton race—they're really something of a red herring. Superdelegates have never determined the nominee, and they're unlikely ever to do so.
In fact, at a time when Democrats face actual anti-democratic new laws, in the form of restrictions on voting aimed at making it harder for their voters to cast a ballot, focusing on superdelegates seems particularly misguided.
To understand why superdelegates exist at all, it helps to go all the way back to the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago, at which the party establishment chose Vice President Hubert Humphrey as the nominee, angering grassroots activists who felt they'd been shut out of the process, and fatally splitting the party. In response, Democrats opened up the primary process in the early '70s, requiring all delegates to be chosen by voters, not party leaders. That's when the modern primary system came about.
But by the early '80s, there was a feeling that the cure had been worse than the disease. In the two elections after the reforms were put in place, Democrats nominated insurgent candidates—George McGovern in 1972 and Jimmy Carter in 1976. McGovern suffered a landslide defeat. Carter beat a weak President Ford, then, after four mostly unsuccessful years in the White House, was crushed by Ronald Reagan in 1980, leaving them a deeply unpopular figure in the party.
So in 1982, the Democratic National Committee created superdelegates, with the primary goal of handing a bit more control of the nominating process to party insiders. From now on, sitting Democratic members of Congress, governors, big city mayors and a few other party bigwigs, including the president, if they or they were a Democrat, would all be delegates, meaning they would get a vote at the convention for who should be the party's presidential nominee. The new rules, reported the New York Times in 1981, “seemed infused with a desire to deny future nominations to political reincarnations of the Jimmy Carter of 1976.”
In the 1984 election, superdelegates helped put the establishment candidate, Walter Mondale, over the top. But Mondale, like Clinton this year, had more pledged delegates—that is, delegates elected by voters—than either of their rivals, Gary Hart and Jesse Jackson Jr. Virtually any broadly democratic system would have given them the nomination.
It wasn't until 2008 that the issue of superdelegates arose again. In the winter and early spring of that year, as Clinton and Barack Obama were battling it out, it looked possible that superdelegates, most of whom at the time favored Clinton, might tip the scales in their favor. But as it became clear that Obama was going to win more pledged delegates than Clinton, the superdelegates responded by gradually moving into their camp. They appear to have recognized that it would be disastrous for party insiders to be seen to be taking the nomination away from the candidate who was the choice of the party's voters.
That brings us to this year, when the same understanding seems to prevail. It's Sanders, ironically – in a desperate effort to appear still viable—who has been making the case that superdelegates could still hand them the nomination. They point to the fact that they have better head-to-hear numbers against Donald Trump than Clinton does to argue that they should do so.
Sanders has stuck to this line even since NBC News and others called the race for Clinton Monday night, insisting that whatever they might tell the press, superdelegates aren't officially pledged to any candidate until the convention.
“Our job from now until the convention is to convince those superdelegates that Bernie is by far the strongest candidate against Donald Trump,” a Sanders spokesperson said in a statement.
But here's the thing: Sanders can say what they want. They aren't making any headway.
That's why, in the end, superdelegates just don't really matter that much. The party may once have hoped that superdelegates could help ensure a more electable nominee, or one more acceptable to Democratic power-brokers. But times change.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hillary Clinton hits 'magic number': What will Bernie Sanders do? 2:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
For numerous reasons, perhaps chief among them the media's coverage of the primary process as a series of popular votes, there's now an expectation in both parties that the nominee will be the choice of voters.
Even Republican elites, who in Trump really do appear stuck with a nominee who could badly wound their party, understand that conspiring to wrest the nomination away from them would leave their party even weaker. Except in rare cases where new developments make a prospective nominee untenable—say, an indictment of Hillary Clinton over their use of a private email server, which appears highly unlikely—it's very hard to conceive of superdelegates being determinative.
It's more useful to think of superdelegates today like members of the electoral college. Yes, in theory, presidential electors can vote for whoever they want, just as the Founders intended for them to do. And in 2004, one Minnesota presidential elector did so, voting for John Edwards instead of John Kerry, who had won the state. But in practice, when it matters for the outcome, they can't and don't, because doing so would conflict too sharply with prevailing expectations of fairness. In effect, we've overruled the Founders without having to pass a constitutional amendment. In the same way, Democrats have largely overruled the party elders who created superdelegates back in 1982.
Of course, none of this is to say superdelegates shouldn't be abolished. Even if in practice they never affect the winner of the race, there's a case to be made that their continued existence is just too undemocratic in principle for a major political party —especially the one that claims equality as a core value —to tolerate.
If Sanders supporters or anyone else is thinking about how to make the process meaningfully fairer and more democratic, there are far better places to start.
This article originally appeared on MSNBC.com.
Bloomberg Television This should be great.
Investing geniuses Bill Miller (Legg Mason) and Paul McCulley (formerly of PIMCO) are going to be on Consuelo Mack WealthTrack.
Here's what we were sent by their PR. Note that at the bototm both say that the bond bull run is over.
-------------
Consuelo Mack WealthTrack"Great Investors Exclusive: Bill Miller & Paul McCulley, Part 1"
Premieres nationally beginning Friday, April 6 at 7:30 p.m. on public television (check local listings) & online at wealthtrack.com beginning Monday, April 9
In part one, "Great Investors" Bill Miller and Paul McCulley explain why new thinking and strategies are essential to succeed in today's complex global markets:
*Miller explains why "ultimately, the entire model of economics needs to change" and why they predict "the 30-year bull market in bonds is over in the U.S." as well as many other countries. McCulley agrees on both counts.
*McCulley talks about:
1) Why Federal Reserve policy is not as effective in today's economy as it has been in the past.
2) Why the European Central Bank's (ECB) recent agreement to loan massive amounts of money to commercial banks is a "game changer" and a positive for stocks
3) Why they are looking at residential real estate in the U.S., "truly a hated asset class." They think, "There is value in the notion of roofs, because you've got to have one!"
Consuelo Mack WealthTrack"Great Investors Exclusive: Bill Miller & Paul McCulley, Part 2"
Premieres nationally beginning Friday, April 13 at 7:30 p.m. on public television (check local listings) & online at wealthtrack.com beginning Monday, April 16
In part two, "Great Investors" Bill Miller and Paul McCulley reveal which investments they are choosing for the long term.
*A market cliché is that the markets hate uncertainty. Both believe some major uncertainties have faded, including the threat of a serious recession, or worse, in the U.S. and Europe.
1) The Biggest potential negative: higher oil prices. McCulley thinks they are the biggest risk to consumer spending, and thus the economy and stock market, over the next several months.
2) The Biggest potential positive: the housing market, which they both believe is hitting bottom.
*Both say the 30-year bull market in bonds has ended.
1) Miller believes large brand name U.S. companies offer the most value in the markets for the next 5 years or so. They explain why Apple and Google are two of their fund's largest holdings.
2) McCulley favors consumer companies in emerging markets to take advantage of the rising middle class there.
3) McCulley also believes retirees are going to continue to be disappointed with the income they receive from their investments.  They are personally investing in municipal bonds. They also say retirees are going to have to go into principal to support themselves and advocates higher-yielding annuities as a substitute to low-yielding bonds.
CIA helped shoot down 15 planes in 'drug war,' often without warning John Byrne
Published: Friday December 12, 2008
Print This Email This The CIA's clandestine role in Latin American politics continues.
With the help of CIA spotters, the Peruvian air force shot down 15 small civilian aircraft between 1995 and 2001, ostensibly as part of the US-abetted war on drugs, the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee revealed Thursday. Many of the shoot-downs were made without warning within two to three minutes of the planes being detected.
Michigan Rep. Pete Hoekstra, who disclosed the program, was the first to confirm the number of planes shot down in the CIA led "Airbridge Denial Program," which sought to derail the narcotic trade but also claimed the life of an American missionary from Michigan and their daughter in 2001. Charity Bowers' husband, Jim, is pictured above right.
A State Department inquiry previously said that the program had also forced 23 jets to land, but had not identified the more than a dozen planes that were destroyed mid-flight.
Most of the 15 planes shot down with the help of the CIA crashed in the jungle, Hoekstra told AP , and "the wreckage has not been or could not be examined to ascertain whether narcotics were aboard the aircraft.
"The Bowers could have gone in the same category if they had crashed in the jungle," Hoekstra said, referring to the missionary and their child, who hail from their state.
The Bowers' plane made an emergency river landing after it was hit.
A CIA inspector general's report in November raised questions about planes being taken down "without being properly identified, without being given the required warnings to land, and without being given time to respond to such warnings as were given to land."
It also said the CIA withheld information about multiple investigations that showed failures and violations of procedures from the National Security Council, Justice Department and Congress. The classified report was sent to Congress in October, AP said.
A spokesperson for CIA director Michael Hayden asserted that the agency was "committed" to looking at the issue.
"Director Hayden is absolutely committed to a process looking at systemic issues and accountability that is as thorough and fair as possible," spokesperson Mike Mansfield said.
The Peruvian "shoot down" program was shuttered after the death of Bowers and their child in 2001.
German police are said to have uncovered evidence of a plot to carry out chemical attacks in British seaside towns while raiding a huge migrant camp.
The authorities were searching the camp for Christmas market killer Anis Amri, but the Tunisian migrant easily evaded their pursuers by taking advantage of the European Union's borderless Schengen Area, travelling through several countries before being discovered by two Italian police officers in a random stop-and-search. They shot and injured one of them in the ensuing gunfight, before being killed by rookie cop Luca Scatà.
What the German police did find, according to the Sunday Express, were partially burned documents describing toxic agents and two undisclosed towns on the English seaside, believed to belong to a Syrian chemical weapons scientist. The scientist is thought to be at large in Europe after crossing its external frontier posing as an asylum seeker.
Frontex, the EU Border Agency, has previously admitted that there are “no thorough checks or penalties in place for [migrants] making false declarations”, allowing individuals who represent a security threat to infiltrate the continent.
The scientist was trained by the Assad government but may have transferred their allegiance to Islamist groups working to overthrow the president, and was already subject to a manhunt by American security services. Islamic State has used mustard gas and chlorine gas in Iraq and Syria, but it is feared that this individual may be capable of deploying far more sophisticated toxic agents.
Previous reports by Breitbart London have highlighted how easy it for migrants to penetrate Britain's “porous” borders, and there is a real danger that the fugitive is already in the UK.
The revelations follow an admission from the Minister of State for Security, Ben Wallace, that Britain faces the prospect of a “mass casualty” chemical attack at the hands of Islamic State in the near future, with British-born Muslims as well as migrants posing a threat.
“There are traitors,” Wallace told The Sunday Times. “The insider threat … is real and can be exploited, and there are people trying to do that as we speak. If it's hard to get in the front door, then what you try and do is get someone on the inside.”
As the Senate prepares to modify its version of the health care bill, now is a good time to back up and examine why we as a nation are so divided about providing health care, especially to the poor.
I believe one reason the United States is cutting spending on health insurance and safety nets that protect poor and marginalized people are because of American culture, which overemphasizes individual responsibility. Our culture does this to the point that it ignores the effect of root causes shaped by society and beyond the control of the individual. How laypeople define and attribute poverty may not be that much different from the way U.S. policymakers in the Senate see poverty.
As someone who studies poverty solutions and social and health inequalities, I am convinced by the academic literature that the biggest reason for poverty is how a society is structured. Without structural changes, it may be very difficult if not impossible to eliminate disparities and poverty.
Social structure
About 13.5 percent of Americans are living in poverty. Many of these people do not have insurance, and efforts to help them gain insurance, be it through Medicaid or private insurance, have been stymied. Medicaid provides insurance for the disabled, people in nursing homes and the poor.
Four states recently asked the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for permission to require Medicaid recipients in their states who are not disabled or elderly to work.
This request is reflective of the fact that many Americans believe that poverty is, by and large, the result of laziness, immorality and irresponsibility.
In fact, poverty and other social miseries are in large part due to social structure, which is how society functions at a macro level. Some societal issues, such as racism, sexism and segregation, constantly cause disparities in education, employment and income for marginalized groups. The majority group naturally has a head start, relative to groups that deal with a wide range of societal barriers on a daily basis. This is what I mean by structural causes of poverty and inequality.
Poverty: Not just a state of mind
We have all heard that the poor and minorities need only make better choices – work hard, stay in school, get married, do not have children before they can afford them. If they did all this, they wouldn't be poor.
Just a few weeks ago, Housing Secretary Ben Carson called poverty “a state of mind.” At the same time, their budget to help low-income households could be cut by more than US$6 billion next year.
This is an example of a simplistic view toward the complex social phenomenon. It is minimizing the impact of a societal issue caused by structure – macro‐level labor market and societal conditions – on individuals' behavior. Such claims also ignore a large body of sociological science.
American independence
Americans have one of the most independent cultures on Earth. A majority of Americans deﬁne people in terms of internal attributes such as choices, abilities, values, preferences, decisions and traits.
This is very different from interdependent cultures, such as eastern Asian countries where people are seen mainly in terms of their environment, context and relationships with others.
A direct consequence of independent mindsets and cognitive models is that one may ignore all the historical and environmental conditions, such as slavery, segregation and discrimination against women, that contribute to certain outcomes. When we ignore the historical context, it is easier to instead attribute an unfavorable outcome, such as poverty, to the person.
Views shaped by politics
Many Americans view poverty as an individual phenomenon and say that it's primarily their own fault that people are poor. The alternative view is that poverty is a structural phenomenon. From this viewpoint, people are in poverty because they find themselves in holes in the economic system that deliver them inadequate income.
The fact is that people move in and out of poverty. Research has shown that 45 percent of poverty spells last no more than a year, 70 percent last no more than three years and only 12 percent stretch beyond a decade.
The Panel Study of Income Dynamics (PSID), a 50-year longitudinal study of 18,000 Americans, has shown that around four in 10 adults experience an entire year of poverty from the ages of 25 to 60. The last Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP), a longitudinal survey conducted by the U.S. Census, had about one-third of Americans in episodic poverty at some point in a three-year period, but just 3.5 percent in episodic poverty for all three years.
Why calling the poor ‘lazy' is victim blaming
If one believes that poverty is related to historical and environmental events and not just to an individual, we should be careful about blaming the poor for their fates.
Victim blaming occurs when the victim of a crime or any wrongful act is held entirely or partially responsible for the harm that befell them. It is a common psychological and societal phenomenon. Victimology has shown that humans have a tendency to perceive victims at least partially responsible. This is true even in rape cases, where there is a considerable tendency to blame victims and is true particularly if the victim and perpetrator know each other.
I believe all our lives could be improved if we considered the structural influences as root causes of social problems such as poverty and inequality. Perhaps then, we could more easily agree on solutions.
Image copyright Paignton Zoo Image caption Macaque monkeys at Paignton Zoo tuck into a healthy snack of sprouts
Monkeys at a zoo have been banned from eating bananas because keepers say they are too sugary.
Paignton Zoo in Devon says giving monkeys bananas cultivated for humans is like giving them cake and chocolate.
Amy Plowman, head of conservation, said that is because they are too ripe for monkeys and can cause gastrointestinal problems.
Dr Plowman said it had not been too hard to wean the monkeys off bananas and give them vegetables instead.
They said: "Fruit cultivated for humans is much higher in sugar and much lower in protein and fibre than most wild fruit.
"It can also cause gastrointestinal problems as their stomachs are mostly adapted to eating fibrous foods with very low digestibility."
Bananas 'a treat'
They said monkeys had their banana intake reduced slowly.
A typical monkey diet now features lots of green leafy vegetables, smaller amounts of other vegetables and as much browse - leafy branches - as possible.
Animals do still get bananas if they are unwell and the keepers need to make sure they take medication.
Dr Plowman said: "Putting it in a piece of banana works really well, as it's such a treat now."
Senior head keeper of mammals Matthew Webb said: "Reducing the sugar in their diets has calmed them down and made their group more settled."
This story originally published in the December 2016 issue of POWDER (Vol. 45 Issue 4). PHOTO: Christian Pondella
The speed limit drops from 65 to 25 mph at the town limit of Bridgeport, California. But you wouldn't want to be driving fast, anyway. A one-street town with a population of 575, Bridgeport marks the northern end of the Sierra Nevada's steep eastern escarpment, where skiers are drawn to 14,000-foot summits that precipitously drop 8,000 vertical feet to vast plains. For skiers driving south from Reno or Tahoe on spring backcountry missions, Bridgeport is their first stop.
"A campfire, a bottle of wine, and a guitar, and you can climb something up to 8,000 vertical feet and ski it and spend the night in the hot spring," says Glen Poulsen, 57, a Tahoe-based skier who has been skiing lines in the High Sierra since well before they got their driver's license. In 1998, they and four buddies bought 475 acres just outside of Bridgeport, home to hot springs, sagebrush, wildlife, and stunning views. Poulsen (whose father co-founded Squaw Valley in 1948) and their friends donated 75 acres to the Eastern Sierra Land Trust, and set up camp to launch ski tours into the surrounding backcountry.
Every spring since the early '80s, Poulsen tones the vert down to host a group of friends in Bridgeport. The tradition started as a birthday party with 15 or so people. Thirty years later, the weekend has morphed into an annual gathering with as many as 100 skiers ranging in age from 6 to 76. It's called the Chuteout. The group skis a route off Dunderberg Peak that's visible from town: a 4,500-foot ski descent in two couloirs separated by a traverse across a long plateau. The last pitch is a 3,000-foot shot that cuts a bullet-straight line down the mountain. Afterward, the bonfire back at camp gets hot.
I drove 425 miles from Southern California to join the festivities. But first, I had another Bridgeport classic in mind: 12,280-foot Matterhorn Peak. Made famous by Jack Kerouac in The Dharma Bums, it is the apex of the Sawtooths, an aptly named subrange that towers over Bridgeport and, on the other side of the crest, marks the northeastern boundary of Yosemite. Punctuated by toothy arêtes and spires, the Matterhorn—a massive dihedral of granite that sits centerfield in a cirque of monoliths—would be my warm-up.
Shortly after 8 a.m. on a glorious Friday morning in April, I arrived at the trailhead, a few miles from Bridgeport at the end of a country road. Not one cloud was in the sky. My ski partners, Tahoe locals Ryan McAuliffe and Ali Noble, were waiting for me, sitting in camp chairs and soaking in sunlight. I made a turkey sandwich and shouldered my pack, skis, and boots. In classic Sierra style, the three of us set off in tennis shoes, hiking for the next 1,000 vertical feet over three miles of dirt before we could transition to skins and skis. From there, it was another 4,000 vert or so on snow.
From the moment we clicked into our skis, McAuliffe's eyes were focused on their surroundings, and they made verbal notes of details like point releases, roller balls, the angles of the sun, the wind, and the dark clouds starting to brew in the south. Coming from sea level, I fell behind. We climbed an open bowl, then wrapped around to the back of a ridge, skinned through sparse, twisted high-elevation pines—lodgepole, whitebark, limber, foxtail—and crested a shoulder that revealed a half circle of granite arêtes—and the Matterhorn's summit.
The dark clouds caught us, the day's bright light turned flat, and flurries started to accumulate. Noble and I chose to skin to the east shoulder of the basin while McAuliffe booted up a steep couloir called Ski Dreams. By the time Noble and I ate an apple and a handful of gummy bears, McAuliffe swooped past us making a series of clean, arcing turns.
Advertisement
The conditions took me back to midwinter. I expected springtime corn, but here we were on April 29 making powder eights in boot-top pow for thousands of feet back down to the valley floor. There were no tracks, no other voices, just the wind and, to the west, toward the crest of the range, mountains as far as I could see.
That evening, we drove across town to Poulsen's property. A teepee stood in a clearing at the end of a muddy, rutted-out road. "The thing that is refreshing about Bridgeport versus any other backcountry ski town—nothing has changed since 1955," says Poulsen. "In fact, it's slower now than it was then; it's like going back in time. People think California is crazy, but relative to other ski communities, it's pretty quiet."
Town was quiet, sure. But later that night, around a bonfire that raged in front of Poulsen's teepee, the volume cranked with guitars and wine. The black clouds enveloped our fire ring and fat flakes drifted into the flames. In many ways, the backcountry ski scene has flourished under Poulsen and the friends they brought down from their hometown in Tahoe, including Jim and John Morrison, who went on to become two of the most prolific ski mountaineers in the range. Poulsen started on the classic lines, like Bloody Couloir, near Mammoth, and Tioga Pass. In Bridgeport, he's skied the Matterhorn many times, and beyond—the Incredible Hulk, Twin Peaks, Mount Walt. When it's deep, or after the road opens in the spring, they head north to Sonora Pass, which gets the most snow in the region.
"The thing that is refreshing about Bridgeport versus any other backcountry ski town—nothing has changed since 1955," says Poulsen. "In fact, it's slower now than it was then; it's like going back in time. People think California is crazy, but relative to other ski communities, it's pretty quiet."
At midnight, I left the heat of the fire and crawled into my 15-degree sleeping bag. I fell asleep with a Nalgene bottle of hot water keeping me warm. When I unzipped the tent's fly the next morning, I stepped into a white world. A fresh layer of snow covered the bushes, trees, tents, and cars. The mountains were hidden from view by clouds, and skiing became a question mark until Poulsen walked up to the coffee circle and announced the 20-minute countdown to departure. Another 5,000-foot day was imminent.
Yesterday's storm clouds made today's visibility milk white. The tour started by climbing an elevator shaft up the backside of Dunderberg Peak. The clouds made it hard to tell how high or far I had left to go, but after a few hours of hiking, I knew I was close when I could hear the summit party.
Those first to arrive waited for everyone else at the top. There were probably 75 people in all. A box of red wine was passed around, as were a couple smokes and some trail mix. After a half hour, the group pushed to the ridge and dove in.
The snow was blower—deep and fresh. The only tracks were those at the front of the group. The rest of us, though, enjoyed the company: old dudes, newbies, splitboarders, skiers, dogs galloping through the snow. McAuliffe, Noble, and I teamed up and skied the first pitch in a complete whiteout. Had there not been rock walls, I would have lost myself to vertigo, but the storm kept the snow cold. Ten minutes of hot sunlight and everything would have been rolling downhill. When I reached the apron, skiing turned into a Zen-like practice. I remembered Kerouac and their sage advice: "You can't fall off a mountain." I trusted my intuition and turned in the direction of gravity.
On a moonscape plateau, we slapped our skins back on and traversed a wind-scoured surface where the terrain rolled up and down across numerous false summits. I lost my sense of time and focused on the skin track until we finally made it to the mouth of the Green Creek Couloir, a 3,000-foot gash in the mountain that dives straight into the drainage below.
We all swished turns to the bottom, and true to Sierra Nevada form, the snow became heavier the farther we descended. The grand finale was an epic bushwhack to a log crossing over Green Creek, followed by a short walk through a campground to the parking lot, where a welcome committee hung around drinking beers. The last skier to arrive got the loudest cheer.
That night, back at the campfire, the clouds finally lifted and the sun split the horizon above Bridgeport with streaks of neon pink. Sausage, elk, boar, and tri-tip sizzled. The guitars came out again. A chorus of conversation rose with the heat from the fire. The city sprawl of California on the other side of the range felt far, far away. That night, I slept the kind of sleep that replenishes. In the morning, I could hardly move. My nose and lips were chapped, sunburned, and wind-burned. My hair was a sweaty, matted mess, but my spirit had never felt better.
By the time I stepped outside to make coffee, Poulsen and their gang of skiers had already left camp to bag another 5,000-foot descent. Bridgeport, after all, is the tip of a vast amount of skiing. They were just getting started.
Details, Details
Gas and food are the only expenses on a camping trip to ski the Eastern Sierra. For two days and three nights, the author spent $66 on gas and $75 on food.
Best Après Spot:
Soothe the aches of a huge day of skiing with a mineral soak, courtesy of Bridgeport's many natural hot springs. Travertine, just south of town, has a handful of mini pools of varying temperatures. Buckeye, north of town and located next to a freshwater river, offer a hot-cold mix. BYOB.
Roadside Attractions:
Highway 395 is the route. Stop in Lone Pine, home to the highest point in the contiguous U.S.—Mount Whitney—and get a dose of old Hollywood. John Wayne stayed in the historic Dow Hotel while filming Westerns.
Too Tired to Cook?
Order the double bacon burger with cheese and jalapeños at The Burger Barn in downtown Bridgeport.
Don't Forget:
Purple wig, zero-degree sleeping bag (or a Nalgene for hot water), flip flops, headlamp, bathing suit, flask.
Key Trail Mix Ingredients:
Haribo gummy bears, chocolate, peanuts, banana chips.
For More Beta:
The guidebook, “Backcountry Skiing California's Eastern Sierra, 2nd Edition,” by Dan Mingori and Nate Greenberg, is a good place to start.
The head of the European Commission's digital policy has thrown their weight behind the anti-SOPA movement.
Neelie Kroes, who in their role as Vice President of the European Commission, responsible for the Digital Agenda Europe, is in charge of improving the digital economy in the European Union, described the proposed anti-piracy laws as “Bad legislation” and like “speed bumps on the motorway” in two tweets today.
Glad tide is turning on #SOPA: don't need bad legislation when it should be safeguarding benefits of open net. — Neelie Kroes (@NeelieKroesEU) January 20, 2012
Speeding is illegal too: but you don't put speed bumps on the motorway #SOPA — Neelie Kroes (@NeelieKroesEU) January 20, 2012
It seems that there's little mood for similar legislation at EU level then. Although that sounds like good news, it hasn't stopped site-blocking laws rearing their heads at national level in Europe. Some ISPs in Finland and the Netherlands have been forced by court order to block The Pirate Bay, a link sharing site called Newzbin is blocked by two major ISPs in the UK, and music group EMI is suing the Irish government for not implementing site blocking laws fast enough.
Kroes is on the record as believing that legislation must be part of a wider package of changes to ensure that the creative sector can thrive. In a November speech, they said: “We need to find the right rules, the right model to feed art, and feed artists. We need the legal framework to be flexible. This is my recipe, my commandment, my bumper-sticker to nurture creation. The digital world changes quickly, and if allowed to do so can permit creativity in all stages of the chain. So we shouldn't prescribe a particular model, but set a framework allowing many new models to flourish.”
Read next: Crowdsourcing a beer recipe? That's what's on tap with Guy Kawasaki and Samuel Adams
Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay Jr. gestures during a news conference on the ASEAN Foreign Ministers' Meeting and ASEAN Regional Forum in Vientiane, Laos. Pic: AP
PHILIPPINES lawmakers rejected Perfecto Yasay's appointment as foreign minister on Wednesday, eight months after they were appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte, citing “compelling issues” surrounding their qualifications.
Yasay was removed from the post after a unanimous vote by a plenary session of the Congress, which came hours after a confirmation hearing in which they were grilled about their citizenship at the time they took the job.
The full details of what was behind the 15-member panel's decision to effectively sack Yasay were not immediately clear. Yasay is a member of Duterte's inner circle.
SEE ALSO: Philippines not America's ‘little brown brother', diplomat says
Numerous allegations have been made against Yasay, a U.S.-educated lawyer, including that they illegally held U.S. citizenship when they were appointed foreign affairs secretary.
Lawmakers in their earlier hearing had pointed to inconsistencies in statements they made before the congressional committee and in media interviews this week, about whether they had been a U.S. citizen, had held an American passport and the status of applications they had previously made to be naturalised.
Yasay was not present for the decision and an aide who answered their cellphone said there would be no immediate statement from the former minister.
Panfilo Lacson, chairperson of the Senate foreign affairs committee, said the Commission on Appointments was unhappy with Yasay's conflicting comments under oath, and their decision was final.
SEE ALSO: Philippines war on drugs in the news for ‘wrong reasons', top envoy tells UN assembly
“We all know how close attorney Yasay is to the president. It was the view … that they were not telling the truth, they were not forthright in the question-and-answer portion of the hearings,” Lacson told reporters.
Philippine Cabinet ministers must undergo a confirmation hearing, but these often take place long after they begin work.
Lacson said the decision proved that the commission was not just a rubber stamp.
Foreign affairs spokesperson Charles Jose said in a text message the ministry respected the panel's decision and would ensure a smooth transition as soon as Duterte appointed a new foreign secretary. – Reuters
Multinet Pakistan, a voice and data company, and Omantel of Oman yesterday announced the initiation of a new submarine cable network “Silk Route Gateway 1” to connect Karachi with Barka (near Muscat in Oman) with a strategic landing point at Gawadar in future.
SRG1 is going to be 900 kilometer long submarine cable with two fiber pairs system design with capacity of 10Tbps of communication per fiber pair.
Future extension of SRG1 includes a branching unit through Gawadar to connect the next economic hub of Asia with a direct international link.
Current consortium members for SRG1 are Multinet and Omantel and they are already in talks to accept another one or at most two members to be part of SRG1.
Multinet said that SRG1 will be completed and operational in 18 months from today at a cost of USD 24 million.
For the purpose SRG1 consortium yesterday signed Xtera as turnkey vendor for the establishment and maintenance of submarine cable.
Upon completion, Pakistan will immediately get 200Gbps of additional bandwidth, however, this capacity could be upped to 20Tbps with time, mainly based on market demand.
With Multinet as part of SRG1, the duopoly of PTCL and TW1 in space of international bandwidth will end.
Market sources suggest that Multinet's entrance in market is going to reduce internet bandwidth prices for Pakistani ISPs and telcos by at least 60%. Sources said that current bandwidth rate of USD 3,000 per STM1 are expected to hit USD 1,200 per STM1 till end of 2017.
Pakistan's current international links and bandwidth capacity include:
TW1 with design capacity of 1.28Tbps Sea-Me-We-3 with 480 Gbps with two fibre pairs Sea-Me-We-4 with design capacity of 1.28Tbps I-ME-WE with Design Capacity of 3.86Tbps
Following international links with landing points in Pakistan are under construction:
Creating a Funding Engine for the Men's movement
What do you think about this? Feasible or no? I found it on Chris Key's Men's Rights Net forum.« on: April 26, 2011, 09:55:48 PM »I have been working with my Team in Alternative payments to develop a Funding mechanism. In the USA or FemAmerika the Feminists have fed at the public trough. During the recent Funding debate for the Federal Govt. Feminists wanted to cut off pay to the US Military engaged in ground combat. It gets more ludicrous when you realize we are there now promoting Feminism. According to POTUS, Howard Dean, and Hilliary Clinton. So they could fund Planned Parenthood to keep the Abortion mills in operation with public funding.The plan would be to put out a prepaid debit card with a portion of the monthly recurring maintenance fee going to a Non Profit Corporation that would fund the Men's Movement. Merchants would agree to give discounts on Casual Dining, Fuel purchases and Groceries. Or some loyalty benefit or rewards program. At a certain point the card would kick in with an ACH based alternative debit product, that would eliminate the fees Merchants pay in "Interchange". This amounts to 2% or more. That would be rebated to the Consumer in discounts.This would provide for a mechanism that would replace Government funding. The purchases using the card would be electronically tracked for the recurring revenues that would fund our programs. So with the purchases you make everyday. Would be directed a portion of it to promote programs beneficial to Men. If this makes sense to you send me an email. I am serious about trying such a program with a pilot for the Men's movement. It is time for us to step up our game.We are making serious inroads into the public's perception of our rights and place in society. Carrie Lukas of the International Women's Forum wrote an op ed piece that appeared in the Wall Street Journal recently disputing the Wage Gap as a Myth. Feminists are getting desperate in their attempts to stop the growth of our movement. It is time for us to create a financial engine to fight back. This is one concept that could work. The savings in Decoupled Debit would be like a stimulus to help small business create jobs with the incremental savings on Interchange fees, they would not have to pay.In business the Top line takes care of the bottom line. The strategy is to sell more, spend less or combine the two. We will be employing an affiliate marketing program to drive business and customers to small business. With a card program for Non Profits. New customers who would not otherwise go to a merchant could be attracted to a Merchant or retailer. Who would give a discount to gain new customers. Social media would announce the program locally. So small businesses hard pressed with the systemic Financial crisis and credit contraction, would have more traffic and paying customers.One of the issues with fund raisers is tracking the donations and reporting the revenue. That problem is completely eliminated with our new program. Which helps Merchants to know to the penny those customers who show up at their business due to a fund raiser, be it Church, School, Scouts, Red Cross, a Hospice. Even a political party or political action committee could generate funds with Voters who support their causes. The alternative payments reduce an overhead cost that is increasingly draining revenues and cash flow from small businesses.
Female fairy-wrens sing for other females
By Joshua Izaac |
IN AUSTRALIA, FEMALE fairy-wrens sing to communicate with other females, rather than to attract a mate, a new study suggests.
Birdsong plays an important role in the study of bird communication, mating behaviour and sexual competition. However, until recently, it was believed that male birds did most of the singing, and mainly for the purpose of attracting females.
Dr Kristal Cain, a researcher at the Australian National University in Canberra and lead author of the study, says that when scientists observed female birds singing, it was previously dismissed as a freak occurrence. “It's a great example of how assumptions can colour your observations,” they say.
For this study, published in Animal Behaviour in September, Kristal and their team observed 75 male and 75 female superb fairy-wrens (Malurus cyaneus), and compared male and female spontaneous birdsong, as well as how each sex reacted to each other's singing.
They found that, when confronted with unfamiliar female songs, females sang in reply much more frequently than males. This suggests that the most important role of female singing is female-to-female competition over things like breeding territory, rather than to attract mates.
Singing birds aren't always male
“These kinds of data are crucial for understanding why song evolved,” says Kristal. “In the past, birdsong has been studied almost exclusively in males, which gives us a very biased view of the function and evolution of song.”
This bias was a fair assumption in more temperate climates, where females of many species have lost the ability to sing. However, birds in the tropics and the southern hemisphere are a different story, and Australian studies including this one have revealed female birds vocalise just as much as males, if not more.
Dr Eugene S. Morton, an evolutionary biologist from York University in Toronto, Canada, agrees that the study of temperate birds has produced a ‘terrible bias' towards assuming birdsong has everything to do with mating.
“This is why reports such as this one are so valuable – they reset our thinking and correct the bias,” Eugene says. “We realise that birdsong in temperate birds, usually restricted to males and breeding, is the odd man out, not the norm, so we are finally able to grasp the evolutionary significance of it.”
Why do birds sing?
The finding raises an important question: if female birdsong provides an advantage in female-female communication, why have female birds in temperate climates lost the ability to sing?
Kristal says that a key to this mystery might lie in the process of seasonal migration, commonly seen among bird species in Eurasia and the Americas. As males typically arrive at breeding sites first, female-female competition of breeding sites may have become redundant.
“Interestingly,” Kristal notes, “females also appear to lose bright colours when they start migrating, suggesting colour is also an important signal used in female-female competition.”
Kristal says this research is just the tip of the iceberg, as more study on Australian songbirds is needed to fully understand why song evolved.
“Now we know that songbirds probably evolved in Australasia, and that the ancestral female songbirds also sang,” says Kristal. “That simple fact changes our perspective a lot.”
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Environmental activists are due to start a week of protests on Sunday against a major coal mining project they say will damage Australia's Great Barrier Reef and contribute to global warming.
The A$16.5 billion ($13.20 billion) project has been delayed for more than five years by court challenges from environmentalists and indigenous groups concerned about reef damage, climate change, and the impact on native land and water supply.
The challenges failed and a workers' camp opened in August to begin building the project's $3.2 billion first stage.
The “Frontline Action on Coal” and the “Reef Defenders” groups are to start their protests at Bowen, in the Whitsunday region of Queensland where the reef is situated.
Paul Jukes, a Whitsunday farmer and tourism operator, told Reuters by telephone that the demonstrations would start with a march but could extend to direct action such as activists locking themselves to equipment to prevent it from being moved.
“It will be completely peaceful,” they said.
The project is located in the remote Galilee Basin, a 247,000 square-kilometer (95,000 square mile) expanse in the central outback that some believe has the potential to become Australia's largest coal-producing region.
Adani has said the project would create 10,000 direct and indirect jobs. Coal from the mine would be exported to India.
The mine is located 400 km (250 miles) from a Pacific Ocean shipping terminal. Adani is seeking a A$900 million ($720 million) concessional government loan to help build a rail line linked to a port.
The Australian government is assessing whether to grant Adani the loan through its Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility intended to promote economic development in rural regions.
With more than 100 million people worldwide logging on every month to play interactive computer games, game companies are already generating revenues of $3.6 billion a year from subscriptions, according to DFC Intelligence, which tracks the computer gaming market.
For the Chinese in game-playing factories like these, though, it is not all fun and games. These workers have strict quotas and are supervised by bosses who equip them with computers, software and Internet connections to thrash online trolls, gnomes and ogres.
As they grind through the games, they accumulate virtual currency that is valuable to game players around the world. The games allow players to trade currency to other players, who can then use it to buy better armor, amulets, magic spells and other accoutrements to climb to higher levels or create more powerful characters.
The Internet is now filled with classified advertisements from small companies - many of them here in China - auctioning for real money their powerful figures, called avatars. These ventures join individual gamers who started marketing such virtual weapons and wares a few years ago to help support their hobby.
"I'm selling an account with a level-60 Shaman," says one ad from a player code-named Silver Fire, who uses QQ, the popular Chinese instant messaging service here in China. "If you want to know more details, let's chat on QQ."
This virtual economy is blurring the line between fantasy and reality. A few years ago, online subscribers started competing with other players from around the world. And before long, many casual gamers started asking other people to baby-sit for their accounts, or play while they were away.
That has spawned the creation of hundreds - perhaps thousands - of online gaming factories here in China. By some estimates, there are well over 100,000 young people working in China as full-time gamers, toiling away in dark Internet cafes, abandoned warehouses, small offices and private homes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Most of the players here actually make less than a quarter an hour, but they often get room, board and free computer game play in these "virtual sweatshops."
"It's unimaginable how big this is," says Chen Yu, 27, who employs 20 full-time gamers here in Fuzhou. "They say that in some of these popular games, 40 or 50 percent of the players are actually Chinese farmers."
For many online gamers, the point is no longer simply to play. Instead they hunt for the fanciest sword or the most potent charm, or seek a shortcut to the thrill of sparring at the highest level. And all of that is available - for a price.
"What we're seeing here is the emergence of virtual currencies and virtual economies," says Peter Ludlow, a longtime gamer and a professor of philosophy at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. "People are making real money here, so these games are becoming like real economies."
The Chinese government estimates that there are 24 million online gamers in China, meaning that nearly one in four Internet users here play online games.
And many online gaming factories have come to resemble the thousands of textile mills and toy factories that have moved here from Taiwan, Hong Kong and other parts of the world to take advantage of China's vast pool of cheap labor.
"They're exploiting the wage difference between the U.S. and China for unskilled labor," says Edward Castronova, a professor of telecommunications at Indiana University and the author of "Synthetic Worlds," a study of the economy of online games. "The cost of someone's time is much bigger in America than in China."
But gold farming is controversial. Many hard-core gamers say the factories are distorting the games. What is more, the big gaming companies say the factories are violating the terms of use of the games, which forbid players to sell their virtual goods for real money. They have vowed to crack down on those suspected of being small businesses rather than individual gamers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
"We know that such business exists, and we are against it," says Guolong Jin, a spokesperson for N-Sina, a Chinese joint venture with NC Soft, the Korean creator of Lineage, one of the most popular online games. "Playing games should be fun and entertaining. It's not a way to trade and make money."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Blizzard Entertainment, a division of Vivendi Universal and the creator of World of Warcraft, one of the world's most popular games with more than 4.5 million online subscribers, has also called the trading illegal.
But little has been done to halt the mushrooming black market in virtual goods, many available for sale on eBay, Yahoo and other online sites.
On eBay, for example, 100 grams of World of Warcraft gold is available for $9.99 or two über characters from EverQuest for $35.50. It costs $269 to be transported to Level 60 in Warcraft, and it typically takes 15 days to get the account back at the higher level.
In fact, the trading of virtual property is so lucrative that some big online gaming companies have jumped into the business, creating their own online marketplaces.
Sony Online Entertainment, the creator of EverQuest, a popular medieval war and fantasy game, recently created Station Exchange. Sony calls the site an alternative to "crooked sellers in unsanctioned auctions."
Other start-up companies are also rushing in, acting as international brokers to match buyers and sellers in different countries, and contracting out business to Chinese gold-farming factories.
"We're like a stock exchange. You can buy and sell with us," says Alan Qiu, a founder of the Shanghai-based Ucdao.com. "We farm out the different jobs. Some people say, 'I want to get from Level 1 to 60,' so we find someone to do that."
Now there are factories all over China. In central Henan Province, one factory has 300 computers. At another factory in western Gansu Province, the workers log up to 18 hours a day.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The operators are mostly young men like Luo Gang, a 28-year-old college graduate who borrowed $25,000 from their father to start an Internet cafe that morphed into a gold farm on the outskirts of Chongqing in central China.
Mr. Luo has 23 workers, who each earn about $75 a month.
"If they didn't work here they'd probably be working as waiters in hot pot restaurants," they said, "or go back to help their parents farm the land - or more likely, hang out on the streets with no job at all."
Here in coastal Fujian Province, several gold farm operators offered access to their underground facilities recently, on the condition that their names not be disclosed because the legal and tax status of some of the operations is in question.
One huge site here in Fuzhou has over 100 computers in a series of large, dark rooms. About 70 players could be seen playing quietly one weekday afternoon, while some players slept by the keyboard.
"We recruit through newspaper ads," said the 30-something owner, whose workers range from 18 to 25 years old. "They all know how to play online games, but they're not willing to do hard labor."
Another operation here has about 40 computers lined up in the basement of an old dilapidated building, all playing the same game. Upstairs were unkempt, closet-size dormitory rooms where several gamers slept on bunk beds; the floors were strewn with hot pots.
The owners concede that the risks are enormous. The global gaming companies regularly shut accounts they suspect are engaged in farming. And the government here is cracking down on Internet addiction now, monitoring more closely how much time each player spends online.
To survive, the factories employ sophisticated gaming strategies. They hide their identities online, hire hackers to seek out new strategies, and create automatic keys to bolster winnings.
But at some point, says Mr. Yu, the Fuzhou factory operator who started out selling computer supplies and now has an army of gamers outside their office here, they know they will have to move on.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
"My ultimate goal is to do Internet-based foreign trade," they say, sitting in a bare office with a solid steel safe under their desk. "Online games are just my first step into the business."
Turd Destroyer (Devoter)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
AwingendeR (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Lucius Arcturus (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Tycho Loor (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
WASPY69 (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Justin Cody (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Moo Moocow (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
J3rz11 (Confessor)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Shpongleye (Deacon)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Dietrich III (Deacon)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Franky Saken (Deacon)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Viktoria Bernhardt (Deacon)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
sHanQ Myteia (Purifier)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
The Federal Bandit (Purifier)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Andi Onthatop (Purifier)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Fanney Oak (Svipul)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Lysus (Svipul)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Muilenburg (Svipul)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Belim Rawne (Svipul)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Francy Saken (Sabre)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Brutolian (Sabre)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Federica Marchitelli (Sabre)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Issere WoIoch (Sabre)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Sturzhelm (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Foedus Latro (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Vrako Ctharcourt (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Henry Hao (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
forsot (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Braxus Deninard (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Blackbrock (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
NoobMan (Hecate)
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Foedus Latro
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
Sturzhelm
Hard Knocks Inc.
Hard Knocks Citizens
PainBall (Phoenix)
Nasty.
QuaDamaGe (Phoenix)
Nasty.
Edell (Phoenix)
Nasty.
Cosh (Phoenix)
Nasty.
Mucificatoru (Chimera)
Nasty.
scufitzainfraroshie (Chimera)
Nasty.
Monyk (Loki)
Nasty.
Shmenaru ('Magpie' Mobile Tractor Unit)
Nasty.
scufitzainfraroshie
Nasty.
Did Kanye West say that they were an alien sent to help the people of planet Earth?
It is being reported that doctors who treated the pop star Kanye West at the UCLA Medical Center have claimed that the rapper told them that they were an alien who had been sent to Earth to help the people of this planet. According to an anonymous insider, when they first entered psychiatric care they reported hearing voices. Shortly after that, they began telling people that they were a ‘starseed' which is explained was a benevolent alien sent to help inferior species such as human beings.
Doctors have suggested that this kind of claim fits in with a preliminary diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder. The symptoms of this mental illness include hallucinations (such as hearing voices) and delusions along with periods of both depression and mania. Sources close to West and their wife Kim Kardashian have suggested that their mental health has been disintegrating for quite some time now. It is believed that this latest episode was triggered by ongoing feelings of guilt and unhappiness about the death of their beloved mother, negative reviews about their fashion line Yeezy and the brutal robbery of their wife in Paris some months previously.
However, some believe that West's mental health issues are not as clear-cut as they might appear to be. West was admitted to hospital last month after two incidents where they made controversial speeches on stage during their tour. The first incident came when they said that they would have voted for Donald Trump because they believed that it would bring racism to the surface of American society meaning that it would be impossible to ignore anymore. A few nights later they claimed that the rapper Jay-Z was a member of the Illuminati and said that they had been hurt by their wife, Beyonce. In this speech they said; “I am putting my career, my life, my public well-standing at risk, when I talk to y'all like this…Jay-Z, I know you got killers, please don't send them at my head. Talk to me like a man!”
It is now being suggested that West may have been forcibly pushed into receiving psychiatric care because they revealed important information about the Illuminati in the public arena. It has even been suggested that claims of their mental health issues, including the suggestion that they are an alien, might have been fabricated in order to discredit him.
via:
disclose.tv
MOSCOW - While many in the U.S. bemoan what they see as a war on Christmas, in Russia a very different holiday is under attack: Halloween. Here some don't see it as the holiday of tricks and treats, but as a sinister celebration that endangers children.
The latest salvo came from a group of Russian Orthodox Church leaders and a group of Cossacks, who are spearheading an effort to cancel Halloween celebrations in the region of Stavropol Krai, in southern Russia. A nearby region, Krasnodar Krai, recently prohibited celebrating the holiday in schools.
But why are the church and the Cossacks, the feared horseback defenders of the tsars, spooked by Halloween?
"I consider it absolutely unacceptable for certain reasons. Halloween celebrations have been imposed on us for 20 years, and we are perfectly aware of how it all looks: revelry, baboonish behavior and scoffing at death, and thus at the memory of our deceased loved ones, whom all of us certainly have" said Andrei Sakhno, a youth leader at the local diocese in Stavropol Krai, according to RIA Novosti.
The head of Stavropol city's Cossack community agreed, saying "I believe this holiday must be banned."
RIA Novosti also quotes the regional education ministry saying Halloween "contradicted the principle of secular education and could have a destructive impact on young people's morals and mental health."
The justification in Krasnodar Krai is similar. The Education Ministry there quoted unnamed psychiatrists saying the holiday "poses a great danger to children" and their mental health, suggesting it could make young people more likely to commit suicide.
Like Valentine's Day, which has also been criticized as it has grown in popularity here in recent years, Halloween is a western holiday that was imported after the fall of the Soviet Union. While some Russians have embraced them, others fear them as foreign to the country's culture.
In 2003, Moscow's Education Department banned Halloween celebrations from the city's schools, citing concerns about "rituals of Satanically oriented religious sects" and saying it promotes "the cult of death."
A massive pipeline leak in Alabama is threatening widespread gas shortages and significant price hikes on the East Coast of the United States. Though the leak reportedly poses no danger to the public, officials say it stands to affect drivers all along the I-95 corridor from Florida to Maine.
According to reports, the leak will likely start affecting drivers in the nearby states of Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina and South Carolina within a matter of hours and may spread in coming days. Colonial Pipeline Co., which transports some 40% of the gas along the I-95 corridor says at least 250,000 gallons of gasoline have already been lost.
Senior petroleum analyst Patrick DeHaan warned that some stations may run out as primary gasoline transportation shipping routes along the East coast have been temporarily closed.
CNN Via CampingSurvival.com: The major pipeline, one pipe of which has been severed, provides gasoline for an estimated 50 million people on the East Coast each day, according to company estimates. The cause of the leak has yet to be determined, according to the company's most recent statement. The pipeline's operator has said full service will not be restored until at least next week. The closure has set off an industry-wide scramble as suppliers seek alternative ways to transport gasoline to the East Coast. … Not every station will be able to get the gasoline it needs, they said. “You're going to see some places without gasoline,” they said. “It's like a mini-hurricane.” The pipeline operator said that based on its current projections, parts of Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, North Carolina and South Carolina will be the first markets to suffer potential supply disruptions. The governors of Alabama and Georgia have already declared states of emergency.
If you live in any of the asupervisorstioned states then you may want to head to your local gas station and fill up the tanks. Though any shortages will be temporary, not being able to get gas for several days or a week could prove troublesome to the 50 million residents served by the Colonial pipeline. The shortage may also impact grocery store deliveries, so if you have any essential items you absolutely must have it may be a good idea to pick those up before trucks stop delivering.
The declared states of emergency highlight the fragility of just-in-time delivery systems that include critical goods like gasoline, food and medicine. As we've previously noted, even a small emergency could wreak havoc on a local, state or nationwide basis with immediate and catastrophic consequences for the populace.
Also See: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A man who tragically lost their husband while same-sex marriage was still banned has been granted the right to be named on their death certificate.
Paul Mocko and Greg Patterson, of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, had lived together for 26 years before they travelled to San Francisco to get married in April 2014.
Tragically, Mr Patterson died just months after their wedding, after being diagnosed with lung cancer.
Because same-sex marriage was constitutionally banned in Florida at the time, on their Florida state death certificate Mr Patterson was listed as unmarried, and Mr Mocko was not listed as their spouse.
But after waging a legal battle with help from Lambda Legal, this week Mr Mocko helped bring about a victorythat grants surviving same-sex partners the right to be named on their spouse's death certificate.
The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida ruled that the state must issue accurate death certificates to all surviving same-sex spouses, granting them the dignity that Paul and Greg were denied.
Mr Mocko was joined in the case by Hal Birchfield, who lost their partner of 40 years, James Merrick Smith, in 2013.traveled to New York in October 2012 and got married.
The pair had married in New York in October 2012, but Mr Birchfield was also blocked from being listed on their husband's Florida death certificate.
Mr Birchfield said: “The state of Florida discriminated against us and disrespected our relationship in life and even in James' death, but this decision will ensure that I and all the other surviving same-sex spouses will finally have accurate death certificates that honor our relationships.”
Hal Birchfield and James Merrick Smith
Karen Loewy, Counsel for Lambda Legal, said: “We are thrilled that the Court has put an end to the way the State of Florida was erasing whole lives spent together when it refused to issue corrected death certificates recognizing married same-sex couples unless the surviving spouse obtained a court order.
“Hal and Paul and other Florida widows and widowers like them suffered at the hands of the state all because their spouses died before the state's marriage ban was struck down.
“These surviving same-sex spouses should never have been forced to bear the burden of the state's discrimination, but that discrimination ends today.
“Hal, Paul and other surviving same-sex spouses in Florida can't get their loved ones back, but now all Florida surviving same-sex spouses will have the respect and dignity of accurate death certificates that recognize their relationships.”
The article was written by Motek Moyen Research Seeking Alpha's #1 Writer on Long Ideas and #2 in Technology – Senior Analyst at I Know First.
AAPL Stock Prediction
Summary:
Apple is reportedly testing a smart band for blood glucose level monitoring. The said smart band will allegedly work as an add-on for the Apple Watch.
A smart band for diabetics to continuously monitor their blood sugar level offers plenty of economic potential for Apple.
There are more than 422 million people around the world that suffers from diabetes. That's a huge market for wearable blood sugar tracker.
Selling diabetes-focus smart bands helps Apple lessen its dependency on iPhone sales.
AAPL has strong buy signals from the market trend algorithmic forecasts of I Know First.
Apple (AAPL) is set to make some money on its upcoming smart band for blood sugar level tracking. CNBC reported that Tim Cook themselves is testing a non-invasive glucose monitoring device. I appreciate this latest foray for diabetes management. There's more than 422 million people around the world that suffers from diabetes. Apple could sell a $99 or $149 non-invasive blood sugar level tracker and I expect it to easily sell 20 million units per year.
Look at the chart below that the World Health Organization (WHO) published last year. WHO emphasized that the population of diabetes-stricken people are on the rise too. The increasing sedentary lifestyle of people will continue to contribute to the diabetes epidemic.
Apple's entry as a vendor that will help diabetes sufferers is therefore judicious. The future economic contribution of Apple selling 10 or 20 million units of a $149 smart band tracker is easy to calculate. Apple could generate new revenue of $1.49-to-$3 billion annually from glucose tracking gadgets.
My estimate is reasonable. Statista's chart below illustrates that the world spent an estimated $935 billion on diabetes management and treatment. Helping diabetes victims is a massive industry that Apple deserves to get involved with.
The future prosperity of Apple is stronger if it expands beyond its current iPhone-centric business model. Selling medical-related gadgets is a no-brainer move to diversify Apple's product catalog. Making itself a leader in non-invasive blood sugar level tracking could boost Apple's stock to $170-$190 price levels. I suspect that the investing public are also full of diabetes-sufferers.
Psychology tells me that an investor who is stricken with diabetes will appreciate more a company that helps them manage their blood sugar level without the pain and bloody mess of finger pricking. Daily blood sugar level is a necessary evil that all diabetics have to endure. Apple's promise of a non-invasive glucose monitoring device is going to be a commercial hit.
Yes, there are other non-invasive blood sugar level tracking devices. However, none of them have the brand power of Apple.
Apple News A New Product To Expand Its Empire
Sales of the iPhone is stagnating and the iPad sales has been in decline for the past three years. Apple needs new products to help it offset the reduced revenue streams from the iPhone and the iPad. My takeaway is that getting into medical-related wearables is a nascent but growing opportunity for Apple.
Another benefit of selling a smart band blood sugar level tracker could also help boost sales of the Apple Watch. I do not have an Apple Watch. However, as a diabetic, I am tempted to buy the smart band and the Apple Watch. I hate the constant finger pricking that my wife does just to monitory my daily blood glucose level.
Any product that helps Apple offset the declining sales of the iPad is welcome. Aside from the Apple Watch, investors want to see Tim Cook come up with a new product that could define their tenure at Apple. The late Steve Jobs started the iPod, iPhone, and iPad. Tim Cook needs the smart band to augment their Apple Watch accomplishment.
Conclusion
It is worth holding on to our AAPL shares. Tim Cook's big interest in diabetes management gadgets shows they are trying hard to steer Apple in to new grounds. Getting involved in the $935 billion/year diabetes care industry will really help Apple diversify.
All the algorithmic forecasts from I Know First supports my Buy rating for AAPL. Check out the latest chart below. AAPL is unlikely to drop in price anytime soon.
Based on TipRanks data, 26 analysts are also still endorsing a Buy for AAPL. Hedge fund managers are also exhibiting a positive sentiment for Apple's stock. It is always wise to heed the stock-picking decisions of institutional investors. More often than not, imitating the investing choices of hedge fund managers helps small investors make some tidy profit.
(Source: TipRanks)
Past I Know First Success With Apple
I Know First has been bullish on AAPL shares in past forecasts. On August 14, 2016, I know First Analyst wrote about AAPL. Since then, AAPL shares have gained 41.49%. See chart below.
Representation of the central tenet of the Orion Correlation Theory: the outline of the Giza pyramids superimposed over a photograph of the stars in Orion's Belt. The validity of this match has been called into question by Hancock's critics.
The Orion correlation theory (or Giza–Orion correlation theory)[1] is a fringe hypothesis in alternative Egyptology.
It posits that there is a correlation between the location of the three largest pyramids of the Giza pyramid complex and Orion's Belt of the constellation Orion, and that this correlation was intended as such by the original builders of the Giza pyramid complex. The stars of Orion were associated with Osiris, the god of rebirth and afterlife by the ancient Egyptians.[2][3][4] Depending on the version of the theory, additional pyramids can be included to complete the picture of the Orion constellation, and the Nile river can be included to match with the Milky Way galaxy. The theory was first published in 1989 in Discussions in Egyptology, volume 13. It was the subject of a bestseller, The Orion Mystery, in 1994,[5] as well as a BBC documentary, The Great Pyramid: Gateway to the Stars (February 1994), and appears in some new-age books.[6][7]
History [ edit ]
The Orion correlation theory was put forward by Robert Bauval in 1983. One night, while working in Saudi Arabia, they took their family and a friend's family up into the sand dunes of the Arabian desert for a camping expedition. Their friend pointed out Orion, and mentioned that Mintaka, the dimmest and most westerly of the stars making up Orion's belt, was offset slightly from the others. Bauval then made a connection between the layout of the three main stars in Orion's belt and the layout of the three main pyramids in the Giza pyramid complex. They published this idea in 1989 in the journal Discussions in Egyptology, volume 13. The idea has been further expounded by Bauval in collaboration with Adrian Gilbert (The Orion Mystery, 1994) and Graham Hancock (Keeper of Genesis, 1996), as well as in their separate publications. The basis of this theory concerns the proposition that the relative positions of three main Ancient Egyptian pyramids on the Giza plateau was by design correlated with the relative positions of the three stars in the constellation of Orion which make up Orion's Belt— as these stars appeared in 10,000 BC.
Their initial ideas regarding the alignment of the Giza pyramids with Orion ("…the three pyramids were a terrestrial map of the three stars of Orion's belt"— Hancock's Fingerprints of the Gods, 1995, p. 375) are later joined with speculation about the age of the Great Sphinx (Hancock and Bauval, Keeper of Genesis, published 1996, and in 1997 in the U.S. as The Message of the Sphinx). According to these works, the Great Sphinx was constructed c. 10,500 BC (Upper Paleolithic), and its lion-shape is maintained to be a definitive reference to the constellation of Leo. Furthermore, the orientation and dispositions of the Sphinx, the Giza pyramids and the Nile River relative to one another on the ground is put forward as an accurate reflection or "map" of the constellations of Leo, Orion (specifically, Orion's Belt) and the Milky Way respectively. As Hancock puts it in 1998's The Mars Mystery[8] (co-authored with Bauval):
...we have demonstrated with a substantial body of evidence that the pattern of stars that is "frozen" on the ground at Giza in the form of the three pyramids and the Sphinx represents the disposition of the constellations of Orion and Leo as they looked at the moment of sunrise on the spring equinox during the astronomical "Age of Leo" (i.e., the epoch in which the Sun was "housed" by Leo on the spring equinox.) Like all precessional ages this was a 2,160-year period. It is generally calculated to have fallen between the Gregorian calendar dates of 10,970 and 8810 BC.[8]
The allusions to dates circa 12,500 years ago are significant to Hancock since this is the era they seek to assign to the advanced progenitor civilization, now vanished, but which they contend through most of their works had existed and whose advanced technology influenced and shaped the development of the world's known civilizations of antiquity. Egyptology and archaeological science maintain that available evidence indicates that the Giza pyramids were constructed during the Fourth dynasty period (3rd millennium BC[9]), while the exact date of the Great Sphinx is still unclear. Hancock does not dispute the dating evidence for the currently existing pyramids, but instead argues that they may have been an architectural evolution of sites whose origin and cultural significance dated back some eight thousand years before the current monuments were built —since the Orion correlation theory argues they are oriented that way— which, it is implied, provides further evidence for the influence of astronomical, mathematical, and historical knowledge that might not have been passed down to the pyramids' builders.
Critique [ edit ]
Arguments made by Hancock, Bauval, Anthony West and others concerning the significance of the proposed correlations have been critiqued.
Among these are critiques from two astronomers, Ed Krupp of Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles and Tony Fairall of the University of Cape Town, South Africa. Using planetarium equipment, Krupp and Fairall independently investigated the angle between the alignment of Orion's Belt and north during the era cited by Hancock, Bauval, et al. (which differs from the angle seen today or in the third millennium BC, because of the precession of the equinoxes). They found that the angle was somewhat different from the "perfect match" thought to exist by Bauval and Hancock in the Orion Constellation Theory. They estimate 47–50 degrees per the planetarium measurements, compared to the 38-degree angle formed by the pyramids.[10]
Krupp pointed out that the slightly bent line formed by the three pyramids was deviated towards the north, whereas the slight "kink" in the line of Orion's Belt was deformed to the south, and to match them up one or the other of them had to be turned upside-down.[11] Indeed, this is what was done in the original book by Bauval and Gilbert (The Orion Mystery),[12] which compares images of the pyramids and Orion without revealing that the pyramids' map had been inverted.[13] Krupp and Fairall find other problems with their arguments, including noting that if the Sphinx is meant to represent the constellation of Leo, then it should be on the opposite side of the Nile (the "Milky Way") from the pyramids ("Orion"),[10][11] that the vernal equinox c. 10,500 BC was in Virgo and not Leo,[10] and that in any case the constellations of the Zodiac originate from Mesopotamia and were completely unknown in Egypt until the much later Graeco-Roman era.[13] Ed Krupp repeated this "upside down" statement in the BBC documentary Atlantis Reborn (1999).
Bauval stated that some astronomers including Archie Roy of the University of Glasgow have rejected Krupp's argument. Krupp presented a counterpoint to the objections, that Bauval stated had been made by the late Dr. Roy, who was a Professor Emeritus of Astronomy at Glasgow University (including the accusation that Bauval and Gilbert deliberately inverted the pyramid map).[clarification needed][13][not in citation given].[14]
In a ruling by the Broadcasting Standards Commission (UK), the committee ruled in favour of Robert Bauval that Krupp's statement that maps were placed upside down was "unfairly" presented in the BBC documentary Atlantis Reborn, without including Bauval's filmed response.[1] Bauval and Hancock's filmed responses to Krupp's statements were included in the modified version of the documentary Atlantis Reborn Again shown on 14 December 2000.
Andrew Collins and Rodney Hale have proposed an 'alternative correlation theory' using three bright stars in the Cygnus constellation.[15] They argued that not only did the groundplan fit the sky but also the stars can be observed setting down on the corresponding pyramids. Their proposal has also been contested.[16]
Leo and the Sphinx [ edit ]
The Great Sphinx is a colossal statue with the face of a man and the body of a lion. Carved out of the surrounding limestone bedrock, it is 57 metres (187 ft) long, 6 metres (20 ft) wide, and has a height of 20 metres (66 ft), making it the largest single-stone statue in the world. The Great Sphinx is one of the world's largest and oldest statues, yet basic facts about it such as the real-life model for the face, when and why it was built, and by whom, are debated. These questions have collectively earned the title "Riddle of the Sphinx", a nod to its Greek namesake, although this phrase should not be confused with the original Greek legend.
The Great Sphinx is commonly accepted by Egyptologists to represent the likeness of King Khafra (also known by the Hellenised version of their name, Chephren)[17] who is often credited as the builder as well. This would place the time of construction somewhere between 2520 BC and 2494 BC. Because the limited evidence giving provenance to Khafra is ambiguous, the idea of who built the Sphinx, and when, continues to be the subject of debate. An argument put forward by Bauval and Hancock to support the Orion Correlation Theory is that the construction of the Great Sphinx was begun in 10,500 BC; that the Sphinx's lion-shape is a definitive reference to the constellation of Leo; and that the layout and orientation of the Sphinx, the Giza pyramid complex and the Nile River are an accurate reflection or "map" of the constellations of Leo, Orion (specifically, Orion's Belt) and the Milky Way, respectively.[18]
A date of 10,500 BC is chosen because they maintain this is the only time in the precession of the equinoxes when the astrological age was Leo and when that constellation rose directly east of the Sphinx at the vernal equinox. They also suggest that in this epoch the angles between the three stars of Orion's Belt and the horizon were an "exact match" to the angles between the three main Giza pyramids. These propositions and other theories are used to support the overall belief in an advanced and ancient, but now vanished, global progenitor civilization.
The theory that the Sphinx is actually far older has received some support from geologists. Most famously, Robert M. Schoch has argued that the effects of water erosion on the Sphinx and its surrounding enclosure mean that parts of the monument must originally have been carved at the latest between 7000–5000 BC. Colin Reader has suggested a date only several hundred years prior to the commonly accepted date for construction. These views have been almost universally rejected by mainstream Egyptologists who, together with a number of geologists including James Harrell, Lal Gauri, John J. Sinai, and Jayanta K. Bandyopadhyay,[20][21] stand by the conventional dating for the monument. Their analyses attribute the apparently accelerated wear on the Sphinx variously to modern industrial pollution, qualitative differences between the layers of limestone in the monument itself, scouring by wind-borne sand, or temperature changes causing the stone to crack.
President Barack Obama couldn't be more excited to have this fight.
Who he'll nominate, or how they can realistically expect to get that person the 14 Republican votes in the Senate he'd need to put a third Supreme Court justice on the bench — those are questions they still have to deal with, just 72 hours into a selection process the White House had always prepared for but didn't expect to activate.
Story Continued Below
The White House had begun to settle into an eighth-year mind-set, wrapping up old business, checking in with agencies to make sure that the smaller regulations they were settling for in place of an agenda were all going to be done by the end of the year.
Now the White House has a mission. Something new. Instead of trying to influence the conversation, Obama is the conversation. And for a president who's proved time and again that the best way to get them to do something is to tell them they can't, they've been given a political gift no one in the White House would have ever believed.
It's an old constitutional law professor's last wish come true, one more big thing to ripple through history.
Tuesday afternoon in California, Obama strode out in front of the cameras, no tie, loose and ready to go in full sarcastic bring-it Obama mode.
He's here. He's going to do this.
“The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now. … There's no unwritten law that says it can only be done in off years,” Obama said in their news conference Tuesday after wrapping up their summit with Asian leaders. “I'm amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters suddenly reading into it provisions that are not there.”
Last Thursday afternoon, they were meandering through an interview with Ellen DeGeneres about what they were going to miss about being president en route to a three-day California golf weekend. Tuesday afternoon they were jabbing Mitch McConnell and Ted Cruz and everyone else who drives them crazy with constitutional originalism jokes and a reminder that the guy they never truly accepted as president actually — and still — is.
Obama's face was full of the glee that's running through the White House and Democratic offices on the Hill over seeing Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa and other Republicans back away from their absolute refusal to consider a nominee.
The day before taping “Ellen,” Obama took an hour on their Springfield nostalgia tour to complain in front of the Illinois state legislature about how broken the political system is, and what's at stake if the country didn't get serious about doing something about it.
Outside of the Obama die-hard fan club, no one seemed to care or could figure out why they were doing it. It barely made any headlines. The state legislators were starting to forget about what they said before they even left the room, writing off the speech as neat and great to have them there, but not something that they were thinking was going to make much of a difference.
In Springfield, the best illustration Obama got of the divided, broken system was a predictable State of the Union-style breakdown of Democrats standing and applauding for most of the lines, Republicans staying in their seats and staring down at the floor except when they threw them a bone that fit their agenda. More than once standing in front of the General Assembly, they mocked them for it. Nobody paid much notice.
Now they have a clear message: Republicans must stop the obstructionism that has had them say no to him, as a bloc, on nearly everything he's tried to do from Day One.
Much like in their Springfield speech or their State of the Union address that kicked off their politics-is-broken theme, Obama wasn't very interested in getting into their own complicity in the way the political system's evolved, with everyone waiting out the other side until the next election, and spending days doing nyah-nyah statements about what the other ones did. People who've spoken to Obama say they sincerely regret not changing politics in Washington, as was the big promise of their presidency, but they keep their distance from taking responsibility.
In an aside during the news conference, Obama mocked Marco Rubio for running “as fast as they can” away from the bipartisan immigration bill that the Florida Republican said on the presidential campaign trail that they never really meant to become law. That's essentially, though, the same argument that Obama made to explain why he, Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry all joined a filibuster effort against Samuel Alito when their confirmation came up in 2006.
“What's fair to say is that how judicial nominations have evolved over time is not historically the fault of any single party. This has become one more extension of politics,” Obama said, noticeably leaving any explanation or mention of themselves out.
That wasn't what they were trying to get across Tuesday.
“This will be the opportunity for senators to do their job,” Obama said. “I intend to do my job between now and Jan. 20, 2017. I expect them to do their job as well.”
Obama and their aides have been saying versions of that line for years. Last week, Republicans in Congress said they wouldn't give Office of Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan the traditional budget hearing in Congress, since the document they and the administration produced wasn't going anywhere. It wasn't. It's not. Budget proposals never do, especially in the final year of a presidency. And no one other than a few apoplectic White House aides could act surprised or even interested that they'd done it.
Context matters.
McConnell's getting a fair amount more attention from their declaration that Obama shouldn't bother nominating someone to the Supreme Court, let alone expect that person would get a hearing.
The way Obama laid out their case Tuesday, he's trying to make the most of what he's hoping will become a bigger political recoil among senators. Advise and consent, they suggested, doesn't mean that Republicans have a good argument for blocking their nominee from the court, even if they have the majority, even if they don't like them or the person they put up.
They put it in the kind of legal terms meant to rib the stare decisis-loving Republicans on that too.
“If we are following basic precedent,” Obama said, “then that nominee will be presented before the committees, the vote will be taken, and ultimately, they'll be confirmed.”
Those who have spoken directly to Mr. Biden, who spent part of this week with their grandchildren in Delaware, increasingly believe that they are going to take several more weeks to decide whether to pursue a candidacy. They hope the time will provide more clarity about how much political damage Mrs. Clinton has suffered as a result of the email issue, and whether the problems will last.
Mr. Biden is still mourning the death of their son Beau, and their aides had previously said that they would make an announcement about whether they will run by the end of this summer. But it now appears that deadline could slip. They would need to make a declaration before the first Democratic debate on Oct. 13.
“He's not unrealistic that if she's able to right the ship here, at this point it's tough, really tough, to see a lot of Democrats coming off her,” said one former senior Obama administration official who recently discussed the merits of a campaign with Mr. Biden. “On the other hand, the things with the emails and everything else could deteriorate — who knows? So I think he's figuring he's got another month or so to see what happens, to sort of put feelers out there.”
Kendra Barkoff, a spokesperson for Mr. Biden, declined to comment on questions about calls that have been made and the efforts of the vice president's allies.
Members of Mr. Biden's inner circle have asked the Democrats they have spoken with to be circumspect about conversations, but the advisers have followed who is saying favorable things in the news media about the vice president's prospects, and are contacting them after they do so.
Mr. Biden's allies have also reached out to some gay and lesbian donors, who the vice president's supporters believe may be open to their candidacy because of their early support for same-sex marriage. (Mr. Biden spoke out for same-sex marriage rights before Mr. Obama or Mrs. Clinton.) Those who have been approached include Scott Miller, the husband of Tim Gill, who has been a major backer of caucuses for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, according to Democrats familiar with the outreach effort. Mr. Gill and Mr. Miller are already supporting Mrs. Clinton, and Mr. Miller is on the board of the pro-Clinton group Correct the Record.
Many of Mrs. Clinton's backers, while respectful of Mr. Biden, believe that few of their contributors will abandon her, no matter the vice president's plans.
Hey guys, between spare moments I did some quick math based on the the last barwars stream footage to give an idea how how stock count affects event length in our community.
I looked at the 2nd half of the previous event, which spanned from winner's semis through grand finals. (Actually a bit more than half the tourney: 5 bracket-stages/sets spanning 17 games, taking a little over an hour.)
The average game length was 2:24, or 1:12 a stock. This is including both outliers: The one 18-second game, and both of Fujin's very stally games. It would be 1:09 per stock with these omitted, but I think that's unfair; both this sort of things does happen.
Based on empirical data from other events in the smash community, we know that 3-stocks plays faster per-stock on average, though only slightly--about 5 seconds. (There are a few explanations for this, including rage and a slight tilt towards aggressiveness.)
We can estimate that if last week's tourney were 3-stock, those 5 stages would have taken around 18 minutes longer. The entire bracket would have taken around 25 minutes longer.
This is not counting any early round "Game 3s" (or 4/5) that additional stocks would prevent. 3-stocks minimize flukes, which makes slightly fewer sets go to Game 3. In the previous two tourneys, my first round went to game 3 due to a 0% SD. In both cases I played it out, and barely lost 1-vs-2. It is more likely I could have won these games 2-vs-3, in which case a 3-stock set would have actually taken *less* time than a full Bo3 2-stock. Situations like this are not included in the previous estimate.
For context, let's compare this to other decisions we make that affect time:
Because we were ahead of schedule, we decided to delay WF to run a loser's bracket match (Manny vs. Fujin) on stream. (This was my suggestion) This took an extra 8:06, and is included in the previous 3-stock estimate. Assuming we take this away, 3-stock would add only be a 15 minute difference.
Running WF, LF, and GF Bo5 instead of Bo3 added 18:23 additional time. If we went to GF round 2, it would have been around 22-25 minutes total. I'm not saying we shouldn't do Bo5 (spectators seem to like it), but just giving context for the time cost of that decision.
Eric [the TO] had over 66% setup-time efficiency for the second half of the event, which is remarkable and goes under-appreciated. They do a great job getting people to playing their bloody games, like all TOs should. What if they did even a slightly worse job? If setup efficiency was reduced merely to 50%, the event would have taken a full additional 60 minutes.
tl;dr - The bottom line impact of stock count is surprisingly low, and for an event like last week would add to 12-15 additional minutes.
Finally, a quick note about match time limit. It might be counter-intuitive, but lowering the time limit *INCREASES* average match length. (For reasonable bounds, obviously) This is because the lower the time limit is, the more viable stalling is. (This sort of statistical phenomenon is known as a "Laffer Curve".)
We have witnessed this first hand in our community. As I said above, our average stock length for the last event was 1:12, even including Fujin. We did not have a single game go to time; except Fujin, the longest game was 3:39, and the second longest was 2:57. (The last two matches of GF)
At this rate, our 3-stock matches should take around 3-minutes average, and around 4:30 usual worst case. Yet when we held a 3-stock 5-minute tourney, a very large percentage of games went to time, including 5 of mine! This is because stalling became a dominant strategy.
The other night at Nicole's the main TV got accidentally set to 3-stock 5-minute for the entire night, except that nobody noticed and assumed it was 8-minutes. We were surprised when we realized it--not a single 3-stock game the entire night had hit that time limit, even when Fujin was playing.
tl;dr - Higher time limit actually results in shorter matches on average.
I´m still kinda shocked but I got the best gift I ever imagined. I love space and everything around it, besides that I´m a big movie fan. Especially older,classic movies. Aliens is in my top 5 movies ever made. Getting a gift related to that, is a huge shock.
My Secret Santa got a authentic autograph from actor Colette Hiller who played Corporal Ferro aka the drop-ship pilot in the movie Aliens and the stunt coordinator/man Paul Westonfor me. Colette Hiller sparked a trend of female pilots in incoming movies and their famous line "In the pipe, five by five" should be known also by every Starcraft player.
Thank you RacyRaptor! I´m really overwhelmed by your perfect gift. If you are going to visit Germany anytime in the near future, write me a PM.
Power lines restrict sage grouse movement in Washington
Michelle Ma UW News
Transmission lines that funnel power from hydroelectric dams and wind turbines across Eastern Washington affect greater sage grouse habitat by isolating fragile populations and limiting movement, a new study finds.
The paper, which looks at how features in the landscape limit the species' distribution and gene flow, is the first to show that power-line corridors are an obstacle for sage grouse as they move across the landscape to feed and reproduce. The study was published early online this summer in the journal Landscape Ecology.
Power lines and future development across the Columbia Plateau could further weaken the species, which is listed as threatened in Washington state. The entire U.S. population that spans 11 western states is up for listing under the federal Endangered Species Act and a decision on whether to officially designate the population as endangered is expected by the end of September.
The impact of power lines may be a new consideration when making that calculation.
“With only a fraction of pre-settlement habitat left in the state for this species, it's key that all of that habitat be connected in order for the population to be viable in the future,” said lead author Andrew Shirk, a research scientist with the University of Washington's Climate Impacts Group.
“The best way to keep sage grouse genetically viable is to keep the population connected across all the available habitat. Habitat connectivity is also essential for the species to shift its range over time as climate change alters the distribution of its habitat.”
The greater sage grouse is a large bird that lives mainly on the ground and relies on sagebrush plants for food and shelter. Each spring, male birds congregate in breeding areas known as leks and perform strutting displays to attract females. Even though the iconic bird is the focus of many conservation efforts, its population across much of the West is still declining.
The research team looked specifically at the Washington population of approximately 1,000 birds. The species has three distinct groups spread out across the Columbia Plateau, which stretches from the cities of Wenatchee, Ellensburg and Yakima on the western edge to east of Moses Lake. Interstate 90 runs directly through their home range, and the birds have lost more than 90 percent of their historic habitat to roads, development, wheat fields and power operations.
Using genetic data collected from feathers and blood, and by observing whether birds were present in about 70 different breeding areas, the team developed a model for how birds move and to predict how they will move in the future. The animals must be able to travel among sub-populations to prevent inbreeding, which causes a loss of genetic diversity across the entire population.
The result is a model that's more accurate than any other existing method for predicting how sage grouse move across the landscape under different future scenarios. The findings also point to transmission lines as barriers that limit the birds' movement between patches of habitat.
“The power-line transmission corridor barriers were very strong and somewhat unexpected,” said co-author Samuel Cushman, a research landscape ecologist with the U.S. Forest Service. “These corridors crisscross the landscape throughout the range of the sage grouse and they appear to be very impactful to the population's connectivity.”
Researchers say the birds avoid the tall transmission towers and power lines, which stand out in their usually expansive landscape. Some grouse have collided with the towers, and the structures attract predator birds that perch on the lines, targeting grouse eggs or even the birds themselves.
In Washington, two of the sub-populations are only 3 miles apart, but they have to cross rivers, a major highway, steep terrain and fruit orchards to reach each other. Restoring more natural habitat between the groups is key to their survival.
The new study suggests placement of power lines is another important factor.
“We really want to recover these populations so they're not only sustainable, but also healthy,” said Michael Schroeder, a research scientist with the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife who has worked with grouse for about 35 years. “We want to make these functioning landscapes and not always have to think about first-aid solutions for these populations.”
The new model is based on Washington birds and data and can't be directly extrapolated to other states' grouse populations. But the study's authors say the negative impact of transmission lines on habitat connectivity is a robust result and they believe it is likely to impact all of the sage grouse in the West.
This research was funded by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Great Northern Landscape Conservation Cooperative and the U.S. Bureau of Land Management. The paper's other co-author is Leslie Robb, an independent biologist with the Washington Wildlife Habitat Connectivity Working Group.
###
For more information, contact Cushman at scushman@fs.fed.us or 406-241-6537, Shirk at ashirk@uw.edu or 360-556-9067 and Schroeder at michael.schroeder@dfw.wa.gov or 509-686-2692.
There were two main goals with patch 2.3: Get the difficulty a bit spikier and to make playing a caster require a bit more tactical challenge.
I addressed the first goal with a vault. Vaults are rooms hidden behind doors on most floors. Each one is either a monster or treasure vault. Monster vaults contain a challenging encounter with an elite monster and their cronies. Treasure vaults contain a bunch of items, including an elite. The number of treasures vs. monster vaults evens out enough to allow some intense difficulty spikes without bringing the game into unfair territory. But you will have to play on your toes a bit more.
I tackled the next goal in a bunch of ways. The first and most obvious is a whole gamut of new enemies. 4 in total. Each one tailored towards making life more difficult for ranged characters. For instance, the Spirit pulls characters towards him. The Other teleports adjacent to characters. The Illithid will disable your character. Each of these enemies provides a distinct challenge to melee characters as well. But they're tailored to get mage players into the tactical positioning strategic level of the game as well. Next, I added Magic Resistance. This requires a separation of all damage types into either magical or physical damage. Physical damage works like it always has: it's reduced on hit by the damaged characters defense value. Magical damage is no longer reduced by defense (so those stoneskin postions won't help you with Demonologists and Flaming Skulls anymore). Instead, characters can get Magic Resist which gives the character a chance to completely nullify incoming magic damage.
There's now three types of shields in the game to compensate for this defense change. Steel shields have the highest defense, but provide no magic resistance; emerald shields provide lots of magic resistance but no defense; onyx shields sit somewhere in between, with a small amount of defense and magic resistance. All shields also require a lot of strength to equip. This means high strength melee focused characters will have a great source of magic resistance, but casters will have a lot of trouble defending from magic attacks.
Many of the enemies old and new now have magic resistance as well. This will make the casters job of figuring out who to take out first considerably more complicated. The goal is for this to add tactical tension to playing a caster throughout the game.
Detailed Changelist:
-Lots of UI tweening polish
-Rewrote item spawning system to be more easily extensible
-Rewrote damage system to support Physical and Magical damage distinction
-Added Emerald Shield, a shield focused on magic resist
-Added Onyx Shield, a shield balanced between magic resist and defense
-Renamed Shield to Steel Shield, rebalanced to focus on defense.
-Made Elite enemies substantially harder
-Rebalanced a few enemies to have magic resist, making them more threatening to intelligence focused characters
-Flaming Skull idle anim polished
-All status effects now have mouse over descriptions
-Fixed fire trip and altar of pain bug that caused the game to randomly stop playing.
-Added Monster Vaults
-Added Treasure Vaults
-New enemy: spirit (+elite)
-New enemy: spider (+elite)
-New enemy: other (+elite)
-New enemy: illithid (+elite)
-Added stupidify effect
-Reduced normal item placement to compensate for extra items from treasure rooms, encouraging players to take the risk of entering vaults.
-Removed the ability to alchemize elite items into new elite items. Alchemy does not produce elite items anymore (except in extremely rare circumstances).
-Changed mouse input to allow holding mouse button while enemies are near but cancel generated paths, making input a little more lenient when near enemies.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sony Entertainment Chief Executive Michael Lynton will step down to become chairperson of the board of messaging app owner Snap Inc, a move that puts an experienced Hollywood executive in a prominent role as the technology company prepares for an initial public offering.
File Photo: Michael Lynton, CEO Sony Entertainment and CEO and chairperson Sony Pictures Entertainment, speaks during an investors' conference at the company's headquarters in Tokyo November 18, 2014. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Lynton will give up their current position at Sony's movie and television unit on Feb. 2 but remain as co-CEO for six months to help find a successor, Japanese conglomerate Sony Corp said in a statement on Friday. (bit.ly/2jG9IWI)
Snap, the owner of the popular Snapchat app, is expected to go public early this year, vying for a $25 billion valuation. Lynton was an early investor in the company co-founded by 26-year-old CEO Evan Spiegel, and has served on its board for nearly four years.
The Venice, California-based company has made a push into news and entertainment content, a strategy that heightened competition with social networks such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc. In 2015, it began sharing video and articles from TV networks such as CNN and ESPN on a feature called Snapchat Discover.
It also signed deals in 2016 with media companies such as Walt Disney Co and Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal to have them produce original shows for Snapchat.
Lynton, in a 13-year career at Sony, oversaw hit movies including the “The Social Network” and James Bond film “Skyfall,” but the studio has lagged behind competitors in box office share and big hits over the past year.
The TV studio under Lynton also produced successful shows such as “Breaking Bad” and “The Blacklist.”
Lynton's tenure at Sony Entertainment was also marked by a devastating computer hack in 2014 that exposed a trove of embarrassing e-mails and employee data. The cyberattack, which the United States blamed on North Korea, crippled the studio for months and prompted an executive shuffle.
Sony Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai will take on a larger role at the entertainment division, adding the position of co-CEO and chairperson of the unit, the company said. The Tokyo-based Hirai will add a second office in Culver City, California, where the film studio is based.
“As we look ahead, we see our entertainment businesses as essential parts of Sony,” Hirai said.
In November, Sony Chief Financial Officer Kenichiro Yoshida said a turnaround of the movie division was “progressing, but it takes time for the benefit to be realized.”
ST. PAUL, Minn. - Who knew it would be this big?
The runaway Netflix hit show 'Stranger Things' recently debuted its new season with one of the young characters, Dustin Henderson, sporting a sweatshirt with a Brontosaurus on it. Not just any sweatshirt, mind you, but one that name-drops the Science Museum of Minnesota (SMM).
The phones started ringing at the museum with folks wondering how they heck they could get their hands on one, the SMM marketing department hurriedly got a replica mocked-up, and made a ton of them, letting fans know they would be available on the museum's website first thing Tuesday.
Buyers were ready, but apparently, the SMM website was not, crashing under the weight of orders from around the globe just after the 8 a.m. sales opening. A statement on the website reads "While we have an unlimited volume of apparel available online, due to high volume our online store has crashed. Please be patient as we do our best to bring it back online."
Sign Up for the Sunrise Morning Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the Sunrise Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The site appeared to be operational again shortly before noon, albeit slowly. A check showed 3,700 people waiting in an electronic waiting line to buy, and museum officials say $80,000 of product was sold in the first 25 minutes after the site was fixed and running The SMM did post on Twitter that there was a limited supply of Brontosaurus sweatshirts at the Explore Store inside the museum, and there was a line out the door when it opened. All of the 500 sweatshirts stocked were sold by 10:30 a.m. except those in size 3-XL.
"The Science Museum is absolutely thrilled to be connected to the Stranger Things phenomena here, the characters are interested in science," shared SMM Director of Communications Kim Ramsden. "We're getting the Science Museum of Minnesota on the map internationally, and we're just excited to be part of this ride."
Ramsden did assure folks who want them that plenty of the popular purple sweatshirts were printed up, and supply should not be a problem.
0 Local fathers offended by Jehovah's Witness letter, claims its writer is targeting obituaries
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - A local father who wishes to remain anonymous sent Action News Jax a copy of a letter sent to their family's church.
The letter read in part: "Sorry about your loss. I read about it from the obituary."
Jehovah's Witness literature was attached to the letter.
“In a time when a family is grieving they need to be surrounded by family and friends. That's not a time for a person to proselytize their views,” the father said.
They tell me it's the second time their family received a letter like this. They said something similar came to their home in January shortly after they lost their daughter.
"We found a tract from the Jehovah's Witnesses, which I found horribly inappropriate,” they said.
The most recent letter was signed by an Eva Robinson.
Action News Jax reporter Katie McKee tracked down Robinson and spoke with them on Thursday.
McKee: “What is the overall purpose of them getting this pamphlet if they belong to a Presbyterian church?"
Robinson: "That doesn't matter. We are not trying to change anyone's religion. We are just simply encouraging."
Robinson was apologetic when told a family was angered and offended by the letters.
"I'm sorry. I meant no harm,” Robinson said.
Robinson said they frequently send these letters to families listed in obituaries. They said this is first time they have heard of someone having an issue with it.
"I think it just reflects upon their leadership, which is unfortunately interpreting scriptures in a very shallow way,” the local father said.
The Olympic Truce is a tradition originating from Ancient Greece that dates back to 776 BC. A "truce" (Ancient Greek: ékécheiria, meaning "laying down of arms") was announced before and during the Olympic Games to ensure the host city state (Elis) was not attacked and athletes and spectators could travel safely to the Games and peacefully return to their respective countries.
In 1998, the International Olympic Committee renewed this tradition by calling upon all nations to observe the Truce during the modern Games. The Truce was revived by United Nations Resolution 48/11 of 25 October 1993,[1] as well by the United Nations Millennium Declaration relating to the world peace and security.[2]
In 1996, the Athens Bid Committee committed to reviving the Olympic Truce and promoting it to the world through the Olympic flame relay.[3] Three years later, the International Olympic Committee announced the establishment of the International Olympic Truce Foundation and the International Olympic Truce Centre in cooperation with Greece.[4] The vision was to protect the interests of athletes and sport, and to promote peaceful principles in modern day. Each host city was encouraged to embrace the meaning and spirit of the Olympic Truce in the planning and staging of the Games.[5][citation needed]
Goals [ edit ]
Through this global and symbolic concept, the goal of the Olympic Truce movement is to:[citation needed]
Mobilize youth for the promotion of the Olympic ideals
Use sport to establish contacts between communities in conflict
Offer humanitarian support in countries at war
Create a window of opportunities for dialogue and reconciliation
Initiatives [ edit ]
1994 Lillehammer Winter Games: the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was allowed to participate in the Games of the XXV Olympiad in Barcelona and the XVII Olympic Winter Games in Lillehammer despite ongoing wars. A delegation from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) visited Sarajevo in 1994 to extend its solidarity to the city that had organized the XIV Olympic Winter Games in 1984.
1998 Nagano Winter Games: During a time when tension in the Persian Gulf region was high, United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan intervened to seek a diplomatic resolution to the crisis in Iraq. In a release from the International Olympic Committee, the Secretary General was quoted, I call upon all nations to observe the Olympic truce. [6]
2000 Sydney Summer Games: During the Opening Ceremony, South and North Korean delegations walked in the stadium together, under the same flag. It was the first Olympic Games event where the two divided countries walked side by side. [7]
2004 Athens Summer Games: The Olympic Truce was promoted through Olympic Flame Relay events. The UN supported the IOC in asking the nations of the world to stop all wars for 16 days during the Games.
2006 Turin Winter Games: During the games, athletes and officials showed support for the Olympic Truce by signing one of the three walls situated in the three Olympic Villages (Turin, Sestriere and Bardonecchia).
2010 Vancouver Winter Games: Truce projects were rooted in an open invitation for people to 'Make Your Peace' which asked individuals to create everyday peace at home, schools, work, and in the community. Projects included: delivering Olympic Spirit Boxes filled with hockey, soccer, lacrosse, baseball, and basketball equipment to 20 Aboriginal communities in Northern Canada;[8] an Olympic Truce Youth Dialogue with Canada's Governor General;[9] and an art installation titled "Room to Make your Peace".[10]
2012 London Summer Games [ edit ]
On 22 April 2011 a Member of the House of Lords - Michael Bates, Baron Bates - began walking over 3000 miles from Olympia to London to highlight the opportunity to bring the Olympic Truce into reality during the 2012 London Summer Games. Walk for Truce, Lord Bates was successful in securing pledges from a number of governments to both sign and implement the Truce, supported on their journey by the British Foreign Office. Lord Bates arrived back in London on February 15, 2012 and continues to lobby for the cause of the Olympic Truce.
The UK promoted the ideals of the Olympic Truce both domestically, and for the first time internationally. The London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) organised truce activities in the UK including: "Get Set for the Olympic Truce" which encourages young people across the UK to learn about the history of the Olympic Truce, to debate and discuss what the Olympic Truce means to their lives and to undertake an activity to promote peace within their school or community. Materials were promoted to over 20,000 schools registered with Get Set.
Truce Inspire is a ‘truce' strand of the Inspire programme through which LOCOG specifically looked for projects inspired by the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games which use sport or culture to promote conflict resolution, reconciliation and peace. LOCOG approved a number of projects including: a project led by the University of Ulster which uses sport to support conflict resolution across the education sector; a project providing 200 schools with the opportunity to debate the theme of the Olympic Truce at a Model UN conference; and a project which uses sport to bring together young people from London communities affected by gang rivalry. Cultural Olympiad and the London 2012 Festival organised by LOCOG and the NGO Peace One Day is delivering a truce strand of the Film Nation Shorts project through which 14- to 25-year-olds are invited to create films focused on the truce theme. LOCOG has also partnered with Peace One Day to deliver a series of concerts as part of the London 2012 Festival.
International activities were led by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) which together with partners promoted the ideals of the Olympic Truce internationally under the themes of:
"Local solutions to local problems: Preventing conflict and building peace requires the involvement of the local communities who are most affected. We are looking for opportunities to work with host governments, communities, faith groups, civil society and the media to build relationships across boundaries.
Legitimate Politics: Legitimate politics are essential for peace. The most peaceful political systems are accountable, give everybody a voice and are trusted to manage difference and accommodate change. We are seeking to work with Parliamentarians and bodies such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the Westminster Foundation for Democracy and Commonwealth to promote the Truce and encourage public commitments to conflict prevention and peace-building.
Building a 2012 Truce legacy: Through an active public diplomacy programme we have an opportunity to increase international public interest and involvement in conflict prevention and peace-building and to raise the level of ambition for future Olympic Truces".
Speaking about the FCO's work on the Olympic Truce, Foreign Office Minister Henry Bellingham said
As the Minister with responsibility for Conflict Issues, I am delighted to introduce the FCO's Olympic Truce activities. Our staff in the UK and Missions across the world will undertake activities and events to promote the ideals of peace and conflict resolution ahead of the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games. We want to make the most of this historic opportunity and work with other governments, the United Nations, the International Olympic Committee, National Olympic Committees, the International Paralympic Committee, National Paralympic Committees, NGOs and civil society to promote the principles and ideals of the Olympic Truce.
On 28 May 2012 during the visit of Foreign Secretary William Hague to Moscow, the UK and Russian foreign ministries (in recognistion of their countries shared roles as Olympic Hosts in 2012 and 2014) agreed to work together to promote and support the ideals of the Olympic Truce.
On 12 September 2012 FCO Ministers updated Parliament[11] "It was a real honour for the UK to have the responsibility to promote the Olympic truce message. We worked closely on delivering an international response to the Olympic truce, working with the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic games, the Department for International Development, the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Culture Media and Sport".
"We wanted to show that the UN resolution could be translated into international action. Our diplomatic missions across our network and the FCO in London arranged over 70 events and activities which showed how important the contribution of youth, women and those with disabilities is in promoting peace through sport, culture, education and wider public engagement. While activities took place in every continent, we specifically wanted to bring the Olympic truce to life in conflict affected and fragile countries".
"The UK is the first games host to deliver this level of international ambition for the Olympic truce. The UN Secretary-General, in the presence of the International Olympic Committee, recognised the UK's Olympic truce work on the eve of the opening ceremony of the London 2012 games. Now others are seeking to build on our experience. We are currently sharing our experience with the UN Secretary-General's Special Adviser's Office on sport and development for peace, as well as with Russia, which will next take flight attendantship of the Olympic truce in 2013, ahead of the Sochi winter games in 2014. This level of international interest, paired with our continued engagement, will help cement our legacy of encouraging future games hosts to promote the ideals of the Olympic truce in their own ways".
Logo [ edit ]
The official Olympic Truce logo is a graphic with three elements: a dove, flames, and the Olympic rings. The meaning behind the logo is as follows:
The Olympic Truce is symbolized by the dove of peace with the traditional Olympic flame in the background. In a world that is plagued by wars and animosity, the peace-dove symbol represents one of the IOC's ideals to build a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal. The Olympic flame has brought warm friendship to all the people of the world through sharing and global togetherness. In the symbol, the flame is made up of colourful effervescent elements, reminiscent of festivities experienced in the celebration of the human spirit. These elements represent people of all races coming together for the observance of the Truce.[12]
United Nations support [ edit ]
Today the Olympic Truce has become an expression of humankind's desire to build a world based on the rules of fair competition, peace, humanity and reconciliation. https://www.un.org/events/olympictruce/background.shtml
The United Nations is in support of the Olympic Truce and before each Summer and Winter Olympic Games, adopts a resolution called "Building a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal".[13] UN Member States are asked to observe the Olympic Truce, and work towards the settlement of international disagreements by peaceful and diplomatic means.[14] The United Kingdom was the first ever nation to get all 193 UN Member states to sign the Olympic Truce resolution for the 2012 Olympic Games.
UN Support is mainly shown through the resolution. It is also shown by the Solemn Appeals for Truce made by the UN Secretary General and the President of the General Assembly shortly before the Olympic and Winter Olympic Games. The lead office within the UN system is The United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace or UNOSDP. The current UN Special Adviser on Sport for Development and Peace is Wilfried Lemke from Bremen, Germany. UNOSDP is situated at the UN Office at Geneva plus a liaison office at UN HQ in New York.
On 17 October 2011, the international community pledged to observe the Olympic Truce, individually and collectively.[15] For London 2012, the resolution was officially titled “Sport for Peace and Development: Building a Peaceful and Better World through Sport and the Olympic Ideal” and was introduced by LOCOG chairperson Sebastian Coe. “The Truce helps to show the world that peace is a possibility," they said Monday in New York City. "It shows the power that sport has to inspire unity, mutual understanding, and respect among different types of people.” Coe exhorted all member states of the UN to respect the ideals of the Truce. “Countries should feel an obligation to respect the Truce because it holds true to the idea that we can coexist without the need for discrimination and fighting," they urged. “It gives us something to strive towards outside of the Olympics and the arena of sport.”[16]
The United Nations website recognizes the truce as "the cornerstone of the Olympic Games in ancient times" and the "longest lasting peace accord in history".[17]
See also [ edit ]
Yesterday, it was discovered that both John Cook and Michael Mann are headed to the Stephan Lewandowsky's current place of trough feeding academic residence at the University of Bristol to give talks on Sept. 19th and 23rd. Since the talks are both free and open to the public, a number of people have already registered to attend. Yours truly is one of those people. If you have not already registered, you can do so here at this WUWT story: Calling all UK Skeptics – Free Talk with 97% Bias – plus the ability to ask questions.
Some people wondered why I'd bother to make such a trip, especially since both Cook and Mann aren't likely to talk about anything of substance, but simply their own brand of science and consensus as they interpret it, plus Mann's usual book plugs. It has some of the people over at “wackadoodle central” in a tizzy that I'm attending, and they want to know why I'm going. Well, that's for me to know and them to find out.
In the meantime, I did the planning, I've reserved a flight to London, and I'll make my way up to Bristol from there. The cost of the RT flight, accommodations, food, sundries, and rubber chicken props needed for attending these talks looks to easily top $2700.00.
So, I'm asking for some help to make this trip.
The silver lining here is that while I have met with climate skeptics at many conferences, and even did a speaking tour in Australia in 2010, I've never met any of the UK skeptics save Monckton, Delingpole, and briefly some in Brussels as Climategate was breaking, which caused me to spend much of that time locked in my room on the Internet working out what to do about it all and speaking to nobody about it. With the exception of a short layover at Heathrow in 2009, I haven't been to the UK since I spent time doing some consulting for television weather presentation back in 1989 with the international company Weathernews, when I spent some time in London and also in Aberdeen. So, it is long overdue for me to visit, and this seemed as good a time as any.
This time, there will be time for a skeptics gathering in the UK, and I aim to help that happen while I'm there, as has been suggested on yesterday's thread. Plus I will come fully equipped to make a presentation or two, should the opportunity present itself.
For me, this is a working trip, and I have a couple of goals to meet while I'm there. I'll be in touch with some of your privately. Of course I'll bring my video camera and post items of relevance here at WUWT along the way.
So, if you kind folks can pitch in to help defray travel expenses, because sadly, Exxon, B.P. and the Koch brothers STILL have not stepped up (though I keep hearing they have been sending scads of money my way, but for some reason I never see those checks in the mail), I can make this trip and accomplish a few things, have our own meeting, and see some people that I'm long overdue to meet and discuss business with.
Here's the PayPal button-
UPDATE: Goal reached! THANK YOU EVERYONE!
You know what to do. Just a bunch of small donations is all that is needed to add up. For example if I got 100 people to give $30.00, that would do it. I wish I didn't have to beg, but either all those claims about money I'm getting from big oil are bogus, or my mail carrier is redirecting those checks in the mail elsewhere.
Thanks for your consideration, and as always, thanks for reading WUWT and standing up for climate reality.
Anthony
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Fox News and Bill O'Reilly have denied knowing until this week that right-wing website Newsmax was using an interview with O'Reilly to sell its financial schemes. But Newsmax has used O'Reilly to sell financial products for months, and Fox News' Dick Morris has shilled for various Newsmax schemes for years.
On August 17, CBS reports Newsmax used O'Reilly interview to sell financial products
O'Reilly webcast used to promote Newsmax "IRS payouts" financial scheme. As CBS Moneywatch reported on August 17, a webcast featuring O'Reilly was a promotion for a $99 newsletter, "The Dividend Machine," produced by Newsmax's Bill Spetrino, as well as Spetrino's "report about a 'forgotten, seven-state Constitutional Clause' that guarantees generous tax-free 'IRS payouts' of $1,196 or more. And, he's agreed to provide this report 'free' to viewers of the show." Moneywatch continued:
But why would conservative talk show host Bill O'Reilly promote investment flim-flam? O'Reilly hasn't yet responded to my email, but my guess is that they were an unwitting dupe in a clever product pitch designed to look like a news show. The faux news show (linked here) starts with an anchor sitting at a desk in front of a glowing "Economic Crisis Summit" video screen. The anchor welcomes O'Reilly and gets them talking about Obama and taxes -- O'Reilly's normal bailiwick. Then they ask: "How can you invest in this treacherous environment?" O'Reilly suggests buying depressed stocks that pay dividends, which plays right into the anchor's hand. As soon as O'Reilly leaves, the next "guest" is a smarmy-looking "accountant" named Bill Spetrino, who purports to agree with O'Reilly and offers a newsletter called "The Dividend Machine." But they add that they have "something even better." Spetrino maintains that he's written a report about a "forgotten, seven-state Constitutional Clause" that guarantees generous tax-free "IRS payouts" of $1,196 or more. And, he's agreed to provide this report "free" to viewers of the show produced by Newsmax. What's the investment? The dowager of the investment world -- municipal bonds. Municipal bonds are issued by states, cities, counties and government agencies to finance everything from parks to water treatment facilities. These bonds do pay tax-free income, but at low rates of interest. To get the promised $1,196 weekly return, you'd have to invest about $2 million in munis at today's rates. If you got the report, you'd likely toss it and figure that "free" advice is often worth exactly what you paid for it. What you didn't know is that you've actually gotten caught up in "a free trial offer" that's going to quickly cost you. What the show is really peddling is Spetrino's $99 investment newsletter, which you will subscribe to automatically, if you're gullible enough to ask for their "free" reports. How? You must pay $1 on a major credit card to get the free reports. (Spetrino justifies the $1 fee in the video by saying that people don't pay attention to free advice, so he's charging a token just to get you to listen.)
Newsmax scrubbed O'Reilly from promotion after Moneywatch report. Moneywatch added in a update to its post: "Shortly after this was posted, Newsmax pulled the video and took all references to O'Reilly out of the newsletter, linked above. Neither O'Reilly nor Fox News have responded to my requests for comment. I received the new 'Dividend Machine' pitch -- nearly identical to the old, but sans O'Reilly references on 8/18/2010."
Fox News, O'Reilly reps deny knowing about Newsmax's use of O'Reilly interview until this week
Fox exec Shine: "They took an interview that Bill did and used it for other purposes." From an August 19 New York Times Media Decoder blog post:
This summer Bill O'Reilly, the biggest star on Fox News Channel, lent their name -- inadvertently, they claim -- to a dubious financial scheme peddled by Newsmax, the right-wing Web site. Mr. O'Reilly was the featured guest in an online video billed as an "Economic Crisis Summit," which also promoted a financial newsletter and a secret "IRS payout" that viewers could pay to find out about. The video was first published in June. It was yanked from the Web on Tuesday after a financial columnist questioned why Mr. O'Reilly was promoting "investment flim-flam." In response, Fox News said that Mr. O'Reilly was not aware that an interview they granted would be used to solicit subscribers to a financial newsletter. "They took an interview that Bill did and used it for other purposes," said Bill Shine, a Fox News executive vice president, adding that "we're all disappointed in this."
O'Reilly's agent: "we did not know Mr. O'Reilly's interview would be purportedly used to promote anything." From the blog post:
The interview was set up by Mr. O'Reilly's speaking agent, Mr. Shine added. That agent, Don Walker, said in an e-mail message that "we did not know Mr. O'Reilly's interview would be purportedly used to promote anything." "As a matter of fact, we were very specific from the outset of our conversation with Newsmax that we would not allow that, either explicitly or implied," they added. It is unclear how much Mr. O'Reilly was paid for the appearance, but Fox said they have no financial stake in the newsletter sign-up scheme.
Newsmax has used O'Reilly to sell financial schemes for two months
June 3: Newsmax features O'Reilly in tease for "Economic Crisis Summit." On June 3, Newsmax sent out an email to its mailing list, signed by CEO Christopher Ruddy, touting an "Economic Crisis Summit," featuring "Premier Guest" O'Reilly as well as Fox News contributor Dick Morris. The email stated:
On June 17, an esteemed panel led by Fox News' Bill O'Reilly and Dick Morris, along with global investor Jim Rogers and Newsmax CEO and Editor-in-Chief Christopher Ruddy, will convene to discuss inflation, higher taxes, our fragile economy, and real solutions that average Americans can take to ensure their wealth is safeguarded and positioned to prosper in an uncertain future.
The email, as well as related promotions, was illustrated with a banner featuring pictures of O'Reilly and Morris:
June 17: "Summit" promoted Newsmax financial product. As Media Matters detailed, the June 17 webcast introduced O'Reilly -- who in the past has repeatedly downplayed their economic credentials -- with host John Daly saying that O'Reilly was not "here to endorse anyone's point of view or to endorse product or financial service," adding that O'Reilly was "joining us just to give us" their take. O'Reilly advised viewers that gold "is a good hedge," although they should "be very careful about what they buy." O'Reilly also said that "The most important thing for your elderly viewers who are dependent on a monthly check from their investments is to be smart about what to do in the next two years." The webcast was a promotion for a "hot commodities insider membership" with a price of $1,995 -- or $1,495 for the first 1,000 subscribers. Daly claimed that the package "is worth $5,681."
July 21: Newsmax promotes second webcast featuring O'Reilly. A July 21 Newsmax email promoted the "Economic Crisis Summit Follow-Up Briefing," which "reveals never-before-seen footage of Bill O'Reilly explaining what they are doing right now to prepare" for "the upcoming tax hikes." The email claimed that O'Reilly and "Newsmax Financial Brain Trust member and acclaimed accountant" Spetrino "will give you a clear picture of what to expect from these tax hike ... ultra-safe, yet profitable, investing tips and how you can actually make a great deal of tax-free income each and every week.
Fox News contributor Morris has long helped sell Newsmax financial products and has personally endorsed them
Morris has shilled for Newsmax since at least January 2008. Media Matters has detailed the numerous Newsmax promotions in which Morris has played a role:
January 2008: "Grow Your Wealth In Turbulent Times." Morris was prominently featured with Newsmax Media CEO Christopher Ruddy as part of a series of Newsmax seminars (PDF) in California in January 2008 titled "Grow Your Wealth In Turbulent Times." According to the promotion for the seminars, "famed political guru Dick Morris will be joining us to offer their take on how the '08 elections will affect your portfolio. Dick is predicting a Democratic takeover with enormous changes for capital gains, taxes, budget priorities and other areas, with broad-based economic consequences." The seminar cost $75 per person to attend.
May 2009: "A Call to Arms." On May 7, 2009, Newsmax hosted "A Call to Arms," a "national internet webcast" in which Ruddy invited viewers to pay $1,295 for a package including a year's worth of stock tips from Ruddy's "chief financial adviser." During the webcast, Morris stated, "I think that Obama definitely is leading America into socialism." They also commented that "of course" President Obama's policies will lead to "huge inflation," adding, "I don't see how any expert could disagree with that." Morris also said of Newsmax's stock tips package, "I sure am putting my own money into it." They also suggested the package was "a strategy" people could use to "keep yourself safe" from "the kind of offensive Obama is launching against the American economy."
February 2010: "Aftershock." In early 2010, Newsmax offered free copies (after $4.95 shipping and handling) of the book Aftershock: Protect Yourself and Profit in the Next Global Financial Meltdown as part of a larger promotion for the "Money Matrix Insider" -- a method of investing in foreign currency exchange markets. Ruddy touted the "exclusive Internet broadcast" as featuring "Fox News analyst Dick Morris along with an esteemed panel of experts." In the webcast, Morris attacked Obama's economy policies, claiming that "the cancer's dead, now we're suffering from the chemotherapy." The ultimate goal of the webcast was to promote what Newsmax called the "Money Matrix Insider" -- a method of investing in foreign currency exchange markets, for which Newsmax charged $1,495.
June 2010: "Economic Crisis Summit." Morris joined O'Reilly in participating in the July 17 "Economic Crisis Summit." During the summit, Morris announced that while he's "no expert on investing," Newsmax's commodities product "sounds reasonable," so he's "going to give it a try."
2011 Wyoming Statutes
TITLE 16 - CITY, COUNTY, STATE AND LOCAL POWERS
CHAPTER 6 - PUBLIC PROPERTY
16-6-802. Construction of new public buildings; state funds.
(a) The original construction of any new building shall include works of art for public display, which shall be included by the agency in determining total construction costs of the building at an amount equal to one percent (1%) of total costs but not to exceed one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000.00) on any one (1) project. Any new construction project for which the total cost is less than one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000.00) is exempt from this subsection.
(b) Prior to transferring or authorizing the expenditure of any state funds for the original construction of any new building, the state auditor shall transfer to the state treasurer an amount equal to the amount specified under subsection (a) of this section for works of art. Upon receipt, the state treasurer shall deposit the amount transferred into a separate account, together with any grants, gifts or other funds received or appropriated by the state for the sole purpose of acquiring works of art for placement in buildings. Amounts deposited within the separate account shall be expended by the department for the acquisition of works of art by purchase, lease, commission or otherwise, the maintenance of works of art placed in buildings pursuant to this article and for the administration of this article.
Now that that most of the major opera companies in the U.S are about to finish their 2016-17 season, most opera lovers will be left searching for what to see. While most festivals take place in Europe, many companies and festivals will be active introducing new works, bringing old classics and discovering new talent.
The following is a list of OperaWire's 10 Must-See productions in the U.S over the summer.
10. “Don Giovanni”
It may not be the most ambitious of programming but San Francisco Opera has lined up an all-star cast that makes this an exciting event. Starring Ildebrando D'Arcangelo in their SF Opera debut, Erin Wall, also in their debut and Ana María Martinez, the production will be directed by Jacopo Spirei in their SF debut. “Don Giovanni” will be shown eight times from June 4 to the 30.
9. “Sweets By Kate”
OperaRox productions presents the New York Premiere of Griffin Candey's lesbian work about Elizabeth who must return to the small-town that shunned their 12 years before when their father died. OperaRox is taking part in the New York Opera Fest, which has a plethora of incredible opera events for audiences in New York. But what makes “Sweets by Kate” such a standout is that the four performances between July 2 through 12 will take place at the historic Stonewall Inn.
8. “The Grapes of Wrath”
Based John Steinback's great novel Opera Saint Louis will present 2007 opera by Ricky Ian Gordon & Michael Korie. Having made its world premiere at the Minnesota Opera, the work is getting a rare appearance and a new performance version. Baritone Tobias Greenhalgh is Tom Joad, with sopranos Deanna Breiwick as Rosasharn and Katharine Goeldner as Ma Joad. Performances begin May 27 and end June 25.
7. “Ariadne Auf Naxos”
After its first season and breakout run of Puccini's “Madama Butterfly,” the Berkshire Opera Festival is trying something a bit more ambitious. This time it will stage Strauss' “Ariadne Auf Naxos” with Jonathan Loy directing a new production. Based on last year's rave reviews, this should be an event to keep track of. Starring Marcy Stonikas in the title role, this is one opera and festival that should be on every opera lover's radar as it grows. “Ariadne Auf Naxos” will be performed three times from August 26 through Sept. 1.
6. “Intermezzo”
Following critically acclaimed performances of “Ariadne Auf Naxos” in 2014, “Capriccio” in 2015, and “The Silent Woman” in 2016, the Pittsburgh Opera Festival continues its Strauss series with “Intermezzo.” the 1923 gem is a series of comic scenes from a marriage that takes a conductor-husband on tour and their lonely wife to the ski slopes, where a toboggan collision brings them a new ‘friend' to add to the romantic confusion. The opera will be performed on July 21 and 23.
5. “Thumbprint”
Kamala Sankaram's opera is getting its west coast premiere at the LA Opera. “Thumbprint” is inspired by the extraordinary transformation of Mukhtar Mai, a young illiterate peasant whose world was shattered by an act of brutality that could have destroyed them The story is told through its dynamic score filled with Hindustani and European opera influences with a libretto by Susan Yankowitz. The opera will run Jun 15 to 18 and will be performed without an intermission.
4. “Winterreise”
The Mostly Mozart festival may be staging “Don Giovanni” but it's the theatrical production of Schubert's poignant song cycle that will be the operatic highlight of the festival. German composer Hans Zender's has orchestrated the famed work and it will be directed by Netia Jones. The cycle stars tenor Ian Bostridge, one of the most acclaimed tenors in the lieder repertoire. The festival will present the work on August 12 and 13.
3. “The Siege of Calais”
Glimmerglass always has something interesting to offer and this time it will stage Donizetti's rarely performed opera. Directed by the legendary Francesca Zambello, Leah Crocetto will star in the role of Elenora and Aleksandra Romano will take on the role of Aurelio. This night promises to be one filled with vocal fireworks and will run from July 16 to August 19.
2. “Steve Jobs”
Mason Bates makes their operatic debut composing the score to “The (R)evolution of Steve Jobs” at the Santa Fe Opera. The work will include electronic sounds with guitar and a full orchestra and will be directed by Kevin Newbury. Librettist Mark Campbell wrote the opera which is set to star Sasha Cooke, Edward Parks, Garrett Sorenson and Wei Wu. It makes its world premiere on July 22 and runs through August 25.
1. “Dimitrij”
Everyone knows Dvorak's masterpiece “Rusalka.” However, “Dimitrij' is rarely performed and this summer Bard Summerscape will give the work its U.S staged premiere. Dating back to 1882, the work has rarely been performed outside of the Czech Republic. The opera was performed in it U.S concert premiere in 1984, more than a century after its composition and it has been described as an exemplary of Dvořák's signature lyricism and masterfully stirring choral writing. Anne Bogart will stage the production which will also include a rarely heard, full-length overture and original, brutal conclusion. Clay Hilley and Melissa Citro star in the production which runs from July 28 to August 6.
by
Mr. Wiesel,
I read your statement about Palestinians, which appeared in The New York Times on August 4th. I cannot help feeling that your attack against Hamas and stunning accusations of child sacrifice are really an attack, carefully veiled but unmistakable, against all Palestinians, their children included. As a child of Holocaust survivors—both my parents survived Auschwitz—I am appalled by your anti-Palestinian position, one I know you have long held. I have always wanted to ask you, why? What crime have Palestinians committed in your eyes? Exposing Israel as an occupier and themselves as its nearly defenseless victims? Resisting a near half century of oppression imposed by Jews and through such resistance forcing us as a people to confront our lost innocence (to which you so tenaciously cling)?
Unlike you, Mr. Wiesel, I have spent a great deal of time in Gaza among Palestinians. In that time, I have seen many terrible things and I must confess I try not to remember them because of the agony they continue to inflict. I have seen Israeli soldiers shoot into crowds of young children who were doing nothing more than taunting them, some with stones, some with just words. I have witnessed too many horrors, more than I want to describe. But I must tell you that the worst things I have seen, those memories that continue to haunt me, insisting never to be forgotten, are not acts of violence but acts of dehumanization.
There is a story I want to tell you, Mr. Wiesel, for I have carried it inside of me for many years and have only written about it once a very long time ago. I was in a refugee camp in Gaza when an Israeli army unit on foot patrol came upon a small baby perched in the sand sitting just outside the door to its home. Some soldiers approached the baby and surrounded it. Standing close together, the soldiers began shunting the child between them with their feet, mimicking a ball in a game of soccer. The baby began screaming hysterically and its mother rushed out shrieking, trying desperately to extricate their child from the soldiers' legs and feet. After a few more seconds of “play,” the soldiers stopped and walked away, leaving the terrified child to its distraught mother.
Now, I know what you must be thinking: this was the act of a few misguided men. But I do not agree because I have seen so many acts of dehumanization since, among which I must now include yours. Mr. Wiesel, how can you defend the slaughter of over 500 innocent children by arguing that Hamas uses them as human shields? Let us say for the sake of argument that Hamas does use children in this way; does this then justify or vindicate their murder in your eyes? How can any ethical human being make such a grotesque argument? In doing so, Mr. Wiesel, I see no difference between you and the Israeli soldiers who used the baby as a soccer ball. Your manner may differ from theirs—perhaps you could never bring yourself to treat a Palestinian child as an inanimate object—but the effect of your words is the same: to dehumanize and objectify Palestinians to the point where the death of Arab children, some murdered inside their own homes, no longer affects you. All that truly concerns you is that Jews not be blamed for the children's savage destruction.
Despite your eloquence, it is clear that you believe only Jews are capable of loving and protecting their children and possess a humanity that Palestinians do not. If this is so, Mr. Wiesel, how would you explain the very public satisfaction among many Israelis over the carnage in Gaza—some assembled as if at a party, within easy sight of the bombing, watching the destruction of innocents, entertained by the devastation? How are these Israelis different from those people who stood outside the walls of the Jewish ghettos in Poland watching the ghettos burn or listening indifferently to the gunshots and screams of other innocents within—among them members of my own family and perhaps yours—while they were being hunted and destroyed?
You see us as you want us to be and not as many of us actually are. We are not all insensate to the suffering we inflict, acceding to cruelty with ease and calm. And because of you, Mr. Wiesel, because of your words—which deny Palestinians their humanity and deprive them of their victimhood—too many can embrace our lack of mercy as if it were something noble, which it is not. Rather, it is something monstrous.
Sara Roy is a senior research scholar at the Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University.
PHILADELPHIA — Nearly eight years after Barack Obama took the oath of office amid a crumbling economy, the president spoke stirringly Wednesday night of a country that had come back from the brink. They threw their full support behind their former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, as the only candidate capable of continuing the work that they had started to make an already-great America even greater.
“After the worst recession in 80 years, we've fought our way back,” Obama told an exuberant crowd at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. “By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started. And through every victory and every setback, I've insisted that change is never easy, and never quick; that we wouldn't meet all of our challenges in one term, or one presidency, or even in one lifetime.”
“I am more optimistic about the future of America than ever before.”
It was a stark acknowledgement that despite the economic recovery, millions of Americans—many of them now supporting the Republican nominee—have been left behind. “Yes, we still have more work to do,” Obama continued, offering a clear-cut different vision for the country than the dark picture painted last week at the Republican National Convention by Donald Trump. “That work involves a big choice this November. Fair to say, this is not your typical election. It's not just a choice between parties or policies; the usual debates between left and right. This is a more fundamental choice—about who we are as a people, and whether we stay true to this great American experiment in self-government.”
In any other election, Obama's prime-time endorsement would seem obligatory, but Trump, as Democrats highlighted repeatedly over the course of their quadrennial convention, represents a singular challenge to the legacy of the nation's first black president. With their calls to build a wall to keep immigrants out, to ban Muslims, to repeal Obamacare, to reverse progress to combat climate change, and to abandon America's allies, the Republican presidential nominee threatens to undo much of Obama's vision for the country, potentially setting their progressive agenda back by decades. “What we heard in Cleveland last week wasn't particularly Republican—and it sure wasn't conservative,” the president argued. “What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other, and turn away from the rest of the world. There were no serious solutions to pressing problems—just the fanning of resentment, and blame, and anger, and hate. That is not the America I know.”
RELATED VIDEO: President Obama's Past D.N.C. Pitches to Make America Great
As Obama spoke, it seemed hard to remember that there was a time when Clinton's 2016 strategy, too, involved distancing themselves from their accomplishments. But as Obama's popularity has rebounded—even with the Republican-controlled Senate thwarting most of their initiatives in past years—Clinton began to cast themselves as the candidate who would continue their legacy, a task made even easier when Trump became the nominee.
Much like their wife Michelle, who gave a show-stopping speech of their own Monday night, Obama largely refused to mention he-who-must-not-be-named. “You know, nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office,” they said alluding to Trump. ”Until you've sat at that desk, you don't know what it's like to manage a global crisis or send young people to war.”
Hillary Clinton, Obama suggested, understands the challenge and is ready to lead the nation. “Hillary's been in the room; she's been part of those decisions,” they said, drawing another contrast with the preening billionaire. “She knows what's at stake in the decisions our government makes for the working family, the senior citizen, the small business owner, the soldier, and the veteran. Even in the middle of crisis, they listen to people, and keeps them cool, and treats everybody with respect. And no matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock them down, they never, ever quits.”
“That's the Hillary I know,” Obama said, weaving in some of Bill Clinton's moving panegyric to their wife Tuesday night. “That's the Hillary I've come to admire. And that's why I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman—not me, not Bill—more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as President of the United States of America,” the president said, passing the baton to their 2008 Democratic rival. “And then there's Donald Trump,” they added, as the crowd jeered. Obama raised their eyebrows: “Don't boo, vote!” they commanded.
“America is already great. America is already strong,” they offered. “And I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.”
Barack Obama FOLLOW Hillary Clinton FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
Man charged with murder in PlayStation shooting
A man was shot multiple times Sunday near Bayshore Boulevard and Jerrold Avenue where they and the supposed buyer had agreed to meet to exchange a Playstation 4. A man was shot multiple times Sunday near Bayshore Boulevard and Jerrold Avenue where they and the supposed buyer had agreed to meet to exchange a Playstation 4. Photo: Google Maps Photo: Google Maps Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man charged with murder in PlayStation shooting 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Responding to an online ad for a brand-new Sony PlayStation 4 video game system, a young gunman lured the would-be sellers to a San Francisco park and then shot and killed one of them at close range before fleeing without the goods, prosecutors said Wednesday.
The alleged shooter, 21-year-old Ronnie Collins, was easy to track down, prosecutors said, because they used their real name and photo to contact the sellers through Instagram.
The account emerged as prosecutors charged Collins with one count of murder and two counts of attempted robbery in connection with Sunday's slaying of 22-year-old Ikenna Uwakah of Daly City. Uwakah had been trying to help their girlfriend sell the PlayStation.
Collins made a brief court appearance Wednesday, but did not enter a plea during a hearing marked by Assistant District Attorney Scot Clark calling the defendant a "Christmastime predator." Judge Rochelle East set $5 million bail for Collins, who must return Monday.
Collins' public defender, Mark Jacobs, said the defense would "vigorously oppose the charges." Referring to the prosecutor's statements, they said, "We don't need name-calling and people being demonized before they have a chance to sit before a jury."
Prosecutors said it was Uwakah's girlfriend who advertised the PlayStation and made contact with Collins before seeking their boyfriend's help. Demand has been intense in recent weeks for two new game consoles, the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft's Xbox One.
According to prosecutors, Collins said they didn't have a car to pick up the PlayStation and set up a meeting at Youngblood Coleman Playground in the Bayview.
The couple expressed reservations about meeting Collins at the relatively out-of-the-way spot, Clark said, but reluctantly agreed.
After Uwakah drove up at 3:30 p.m. with their girlfriend in the passenger seat, Collins asked to see the console through the couple's partially rolled-down window, the prosecutor said. The car was still running.
"He reached in as if they were going to get money from their coat and pulled out a gun," Clark said.
Uwakah gently pushed the gun away and offered to give Collins the PlayStation, Clark said, but Collins fired four rounds, hitting Uwakah twice in the arms and twice in the stomach.
The victim hit the gas pedal and drove away, wounded, Clark said. At some point, their girlfriend called 911 and took over driving, but a dispatcher told them to pull over and meet paramedics. Uwakah was rushed to San Francisco General Hospital, where they died.
At a news conference Wednesday, District Attorney George Gascón warned of the danger of setting up transactions with strangers online.
"It's truly disturbing that this defendant took another man's life over a PlayStation 4 video game console," Gascón said. "If you are buying or selling anything online, please use caution."
After five long years, we're finally getting a new Phoenix Wright. Dual Destinies sees the return of Wright, their apprentice Apollo Justice and a new rookie, Athena Cykes. In the 10-minute demo playable during E3 I was shown Sykes' special power/minigame; they can sense people's emotions.
Acting as an extension to Wright's cross-examination in court, Cykes uses their holographic analysis tool to show people's emotions. During the witness testimony, a series of face icons light up to show their emotions at the time. Find the emotion that doesn't correspond and Got It! There's your inconsistency.
Here's a quick hands-on gameplay video I took at the E3 demo that shows it in action.
It's not complex but then again, the Phoenix Wright games never were. Solving the courtroom drama is fun but occasionally brain-bendingly frustrating, thanks to localisation ambiguities. The appeal for me has always been the slow unravel of the stories, the madcap characters and poor Wright's charming internal monologue. You'll see familiar prosecuting attorneys like Payne, though there was no sign of Miles Edgeworth in the demo. The judge is their usual slightly-detached-from-reality self, while the courtroom…
The courtroom is actually imposing for the first time in the series. Dual Destiny continues the Ace Attorney series' art style of cel-shaded characters on top of beautifully hand-drawn backdrops and it's an easy transition to 3DS. Witness perches on their stand, surrounded by the eyes of the court while the judge looms over everything from their bench. The demo didn't show an gameplay enhancements that used 3D but it's a nice addition.
Between the recent release of Animal Crossing New Leaf and this upcoming Phoenix Wright, I may finally get myself a 3DS.
An updated ordinance that will prohibit oversized vehicles from parking on Long Beach streets advanced last night as the city council approved the first reading of the policy that will become law after its next reading.
The effort to create the ban started last fall when Third District Councilwoman Suzie Price brought the item to the floor in an effort to improve safety on public streets by limiting the amount of large vehicles that inhibit the line of sight for motorists and pedestrians.
According to the ordinance, an oversized vehicle will hereby be defined as any vehicle that exceeds 85 inches in height (about 7 feet tall) or is bigger than 80 inches wide or 22 feet long. Residents will be able to apply for permits to park oversized vehicles in front of their homes for up to 72 hours with the number of permits granted to any one household being limited to 20 permits annually—a total of 60 days a year.
The update to the ordinance involves a provision for people with disabilities who use oversized vehicles as their primary mode of transportation. The proposed ordinance will now allow for these people to apply for a permit to allow them to park oversized vehicles adjacent to their property given that they can provide proof to the city traffic engineer that they are permanent residents of Long Beach, have a valid disabled placard and that their disability necessitates the vehicle in question to be used as their primary vehicle.
If granted, those permits will allow those persons to park their oversized vehicles not only at their homes, but also at facilities where they receive services and at their place of employment.
RELATED Long Beach Moves Forward With Oversized Vehicles Ban In Residential Neighborhoods
A previously discussed provision to require oversized vehicles to park behind a fence has also been removed from the ordinance language.
The proposed ordinance will also be submitted to the California Coastal Commission for an exemption from state environmental laws that all policies affecting the coastal zone are held to account.
Jason Ruiz covers City Hall and politics for the Long Beach Post. Reach them at [email protected] or @JasonRuiz__LB on Twitter.
Jason Taumalolo has been gifted land in Tonga after starring at the Rugby League World Cup.
Jason Taumalolo and Tuimoala Lolohea have been gifted land in Tonga in honour of Mate Ma'a's Rugby League World Cup rise.
Auckland-born Taumalolo - who chose to play for Tonga after 10 tests with the Kiwis, was given some land in their mother's village, according to Tonga coach Kristian Woolf.
"Jason and Tui were given land by the nobles in the villages of their families," Woolf told NZME.
ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT Jason Taumalolo at the end of the narrow semifinal loss to England.
"I guess it was a reward for what they have done… it's certainly taken the nation on an amazing ride."
READ MORE:
* Tongans hold more street parades
* Rugby League World Cup continuing to evolve
* Benji: I could've helped Kiwis
* Tongan petition crushed
* Kiwis league star Shaun Johnson apologises for comments
The Tongan team - who lost the World Cup semifinal to England after earlier toppling the Kiwis - were guests of honour in Nuku'alofa last Wednesday - where a public holiday was declared in their honour.
Team members were awarded medals of honour by King Tupou VI with presentations made at the Royal Palace by Queen Nanasipau'u and the Princess Royal Princess Salote Mafile'o Pilolevu.
The Tongan team's World Cup progress enraptured thousands of fans in Tonga and New Zealand.
Hundreds of Tongans paraded through south Auckland streets last Friday - six days after the Mate Ma'a's semifinal exit at Eden Park.
The Ratings Are Down for The Orville, But It Should Keep a Steady Course
FOX's sci fi comedy The Orville wrapped up its first season last Thursday matching its season low of a 0.9 rating based on same day viewing for the 18-49 demographic and it was the second new episode in a row that was at that level. That series took the Fall season by storm when it airred two episodes on Sunday nights with a lead-in from NFL Football and it has performed well in its regular Thursday 9 PM EST timeslot despite stiff competition on that night. But the show slipped some in the last few weeks of its first season which raised the question of how well it will be positioned heading into its second season.
At this point, though, I don't believe this one has too much to worry about. The broadcast networks in general experienced a Fall slump, and The Orville‘s Thursday night ratings are right in line with the network's average for non-sports, non-special, and non-repeat programming. And the show has performed very well in delayed viewing which is a bit more significant for FOX because that includes Hulu which generates revenue (as opposed to DVR viewing where viewers typically skip through the commercials). I do believe that the network should do everything it can to position the show for success when it returns next Fall because it does count as a hit. And success can be fleeting on television, especially in the Peak TV crunch, so a better timeslot should be the first thing the network considers along with plenty of promotion. The Orville definitely registered with the sci fi community, possibly even more so than the new Star Trek series (as indicated by this poll), and if FOX sticks behind the show it could become a notable and long-lived genre franchise (and offer at least some atonement for killing Firefly those many years back).
Superstition Gets Bumped to Thursdays
Last week's schedule showed that Syfy's new supernatural series Superstition would air a new episode in its regular Friday 10 PM EST timeslot, but the network apparently bumped it in favor of running the first Men in Black movie. The show has now been moved out of Prime Time to Thursdays at 11 PM EST starting this week which is almost certainly a burn-off run. That is not a surprise considering the show has barely registered in the ratings in its first season and I moved it to Cancellation Likely status a few weeks ago. Co-created by Mario Van Peebles (he also stars), the show arrived on Syfy with little promotion and is part of a shift to horror / supernatural programming that has not registered well with the network's viewers. Similarly themed Ghost Wars–also new to Syfy–has struggled in the ratings this Fall as well, as has returning shows Van Helsing and Channel Zero. Superstition does have an international streaming deal with Netflix, and its possible that could keep the show going as we have seen with BBC America's Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency. But the fact that Syfy has shifted the show to a later hour on the schedule suggests that the cabler has lost faith in it and I believe that it will likely become another Peak TV one-season-and-done casualty along with equally low-rated Ghost Wars.
Rating Results of Interest: Agents of SHIELD Drops, The Walking Dead Doesn't See Much Lift
On Friday, ABC's Agents of SHIELD slipped to a 0.5 rating based on same day viewing in the demo with 1.9 million total viewers. Of course, that drop was pretty much expected and it is now at the same level as Once Upon A Time and also what we saw from The Inhumans for most of its limited run. ABC can't like the fact that the under-performing dramas are dragging down the ratings for its news show 20/20 in the 10 PM EST hour, and I'm thinking they will seriously consider cleaning house on the night after the season wraps. But as I previously discussed, parent company Disney will likely have the final say on that.
On Sunday, AMC's The Walking Dead only managed a 3.4 rating with 7.9 million total viewers for its Fall Finale. I will will have to go back and check the numbers, but I believe that is the lowest Fall wrap up for that show since its second season. Even though Season 8 has been well received by fans and has mostly avoided negative reactions from critics, it appears that The Walking Dexit has still not ended for this show. I will be looking at that in more detail in an upcoming post. Over on Starz, Outlander improved to a 0.30 rating with 1.4 million total viewers, but it could not provide much boost to the special preview of upcoming series Counterpart. That alternate universe entry managed only a 0.08 rating with 394K total viewers on Sunday. I'm not sure how well the preview airing was promoted, but the show will need to pull better ratings than that when it launches on January 21st if it wants to avoid becoming another Peak TV casualty.
I covered the early week ratings on Friday, including the happy beginning for Syfy's Happy!, at this link and you can see the full ratings results for the week at this link. Be sure to follow the Cancelled Sci Fi Twitter Site for the latest ratings numbers as well as updates and breaking news.
Dragon Ball Super Episode 73 Gohans Misfortune! An Unexpected Great Saiyaman Movie?!
Mr. Satan reveals to Videl and Gohan that they are starring in a new superhero film: “Great Saiyaman vs. Mister Satan”! As Videl, Gohan, and Pan check out the film set, the lead in the film –- a famous but self-absorbed actor named Barry Kahn – becomes enamored with Videl and tries to woo them Videl rejects Barry in front of the entire film crew, which angers him. Seeking revenge on Videl for their humiliation, Barry convinces Gohan to take over as the main stuntman for the film in order to embarrass and potentially maim him. As Gohan is the real Great Saiyaman, they use their powers to easily take on the role. Gohan later dons the suit again for a fight against a pair of bank robbers. When the film crew accuses Gohan of using the suit and stopping the bank robbery, Bulma bails them out. However, Gohan's identity is accidentally revealed to Cocoa, who is a starlet in the film. Cocoa blackmails Gohan into flying them around the city. Meanwhile, Jaco chases after a being known as Watagashi (綿餓死), which is an extraterrestrial parasitic criminal that possesses its hosts. Suspecting that “The Great Saiyaman” might be the host of Watagashi, Jaco attacks Gohan with a vaporizing cannon.
There's no question that Gov. Scott Walker is a man on the move.
The Republican governor has been criss-crossing the country as a likely 2016 contender for the White House. Their journeys have prompted some observers to ask: How much time is the governor in Wisconsin?
In May 2015, state Sen. Bob Wirch, D-Kenosha, repeated their longstanding call for the state to sell the governor's mansion, suggesting that since Walker began pursuing a presidential run, there is even less need for it. And the state Democratic Party -- while Walker was in Israel on a trip paid for by their political operation -- put up billboards calling on them to return home.
"He seems to be stretched pretty thin," said Steven Davis, a political science professor at Edgewood College in Madison. "He's doing the bare minimum in discharging their duties as governor."
With Walker scheduled to return from Israel on May 14, 2015, only to head to Iowa for a Republican function two days later, we thought we'd do an accounting of where the governor has been.
Overnighting in Wisconsin
Before we jump in, it's important to note we don't have a comprehensive record of Walker's whereabouts. On some days, their official calendar is loaded with appointments and on others it's virtually empty. And we can't always tell, based on news accounts or other reports, how much time Walker spends on political trips out of state, or whether all of those trips have become known publicly.
That said, we'll present what we know for 2015 -- first, a look at how many overnights Walker has spent in Wisconsin; and second, a review of how many days they have spent outside of the state.
As for the overnights, the latest official calendars from the governor's office are available only through March 2015.
They show that in the 90 days from January through March of 2015, Walker spent at least 42 nights in Wisconsin, mostly at the governor's mansion and some at their home in the Milwaukee suburb of Wauwatosa.
That's a little less than half, or an average of 14 nights per month, in Wisconsin.
Here's a summary:
Month Number of days overnight at mansion Number of days overnight at home Number of days no overnight location listed January 2015 14 4 13 February 2015 11 4 5 March 2015 9 0 22
As we indicated, the actual number of nights in Wisconsin could be higher, given the holes in the calendars. On some dates, for example, the calendar entries indicate Walker was to be at the mansion later into the evening, but there is no specific notation that they spent the night there. On other dates, there is no indication at all of where Walker was overnight.
Days out-of-state
There's no question Walker has ramped up their out-of-state travel in 2015. The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel's Walker Tracker and news reports show that through May 14, 2015, they have been in other states or out of the country on at least 59 of the first 134 days of 2015, or 44 percent.
That includes 46 days on political trips -- such as the one to Israel and repeated trips to Iowa -- and 13 days on two official trade missions to Europe.
On the domestic political trips, Walker has visited at least 17 states and the District of Columbia.
And they have made a dozen appearances to give speeches or attend meetings in the early presidential selection states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Here's a breakdown:
Month Number of days outside of Wisconsin Places visited January 7 Washington, D.C., California, Iowa, New Jersey February 17 Europe, Washington, D.C., Illinois, New York, Tennessee, Maryland, Florida March 12 Iowa, Georgia, California, New York, New Hampshire, Washington, D.C., South Carolina, Florida, Arizona, Texas April 16 Europe, Washington, D.C., Tennessee, New Hampshire, New York, Iowa, Minnesota, Massachusetts May (through May 14) 7 Israel, Michigan, South Carolina
Walker has defended their travels, telling a Milwaukee TV reporter during trip to Iowa in late April 2015: "Oftentimes it's easier to get things done out of your office when you're out and about doing work because you've got a limited amount of time to hone in and focus on things than it is when you actually sit in your office."
It's also worth noting that other Republican governors who are pondering a presidential run -- Chris Christie of New Jersey, Bobby Jindal of Louisiana and John Kasich of Ohio -- have also been criticized for how they are balancing official duties with political activities.
Both Davis and Ivy Cargile, a political science professor at St. Norbert College near Green Bay, agreed that -- to the extent that Walker is emphasizing their potential presidential campaign over their governing -- they are succeeding.
They noted that Walker is polling well nationally among Republican White House contenders and has not faced any major incidents in Wisconsin in which their absence was magnified, although there is some sense their travels might be hurting their approval ratings in Wisconsin.
In Iowa, Walker has outpaced their party's presidential field in most of the Iowa polling in 2015. Meanwhile, an April 2015 Marquette Law School poll found Walker's approval rating in Wisconsin dropped to 41 percent, down 8 points from the previous poll, in October 2014.
Walker could become more vulnerable to criticism, particularly as debate over the state budget intensifies.
"I think voters are starting to put it together and, at a time when they should be back home and on message, he's not, he's out running for president," said Davis.
Cargile said the risks for Walker will increase once Wisconsin voters start paying more attention to the presidential race.
"I think when people realize that he's not (in Wisconsin) and he's working toward the presidential race, then people will get upset," they said. "But they haven't really paid a price yet."
---
More on Scott Walker
Go here for a video segment on Walker's travels. It was part of the May 14, 2015 edition of JS on Politics, a weekly webcast produced by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Penny Wong has been elected unopposed as leader of the Australian Senate.
It makes them the third most powerful politician in Australia after the prime minister and deputy PM.
On 13 September 2010, they were sworn in as Minister for Finance and Deregulation in Julia Gillard's cabinet.
They became the Deputy Leader of the Government in the Senate in February.
Ms Wong, a mother of one, first announced their support for equal marriage in November 2010.
Julia Gillard, a firm opponent of marriage equality, announced their resignation as Australia's prime minister earlier on Wednesday after losing a leadership ballot to former Labor leader and prime minister Kevin Rudd.
Mr Rudd announced their support for equal marriage in May, having previously been against it.
LGBT campaigners have welcomed news of Ms Gillard's political demise – although political commentators believe the Liberal Party, headed by equal marriage opponent Tony Abbott, is still likely to oust Labor in September's federal election.
Mr Abbott refuses to allow their Liberal MPs a conscience vote on marriage equality, which makes implementing the reform unlikely in the near future.
They came together with a common worldview and complementary personalities. Then, as they grew older and grew apart, they still tried to make it work — for the sake of the child, at least. Now that that kid is a teenager, they've decided now is probably the best time to finally call curtains: After 16 years, Microsoft and NBC are parting ways in their joint news venture, and NBC is getting custody of their kid, MSNBC.com.
As of Sunday night, MSNBC .com is no longer going by that name: it's now NBCNews.com. Meanwhile, Microsoft is looking to refresh its own MSN.com news operation, and is now in the process of staffing up for a relaunch later this year.
In the process, there has also been a financial transaction to end the JV. NBC's own story on the deal didn't disclose the terms, but Brian Stelter at the New York Times did: Microsoft is getting $300 million for its 50 percent stake in the JV, according to their sources. They note that a “portion” of that price is coming from MSNBC's past profits, although it's not clear whether it is a profitable operation at the moment. Most of the site's 300 employees will stay on post-JV and will be employed by NBC, writes NYT.
Why, exactly, the separation? Well, it's actually a lot like a relationship between two people, who had perhaps first linked up when they were young, but have failed to find such common ground as they've matured. In the earlier days of the web, NBC and Microsoft linking up for coverage was based more around an ideal of how convergence would work for the media world: NBC had the chops for content, but not necessarily for execution — something Microsoft had in spades as one of the earliest and biggest online portals.
That's evolved quite a lot over the years for media companies. For NBC's part, the Comcast-owned broadcaster has been making a huge push into digital to complement (and perhaps one day offset) revenues from traditional TV advertising. That has been helped by the rise of smartphones, tablets, better online video technology, broadband growth — and a collective, consumer-led decision that online, not TV, is often now the first port of call for news and information. If NBC wants to really “own” those consumers, it needs to be able to do it on its own terms, rather than those jointly agreed with Microsoft.
It's also most likely a move that has been decided from the top: the new NBCNews.com site will be a part of NBC News Digital, a new division led by Vivian Schiller, who joined NBC as chief digital officer from NPR in 2011. That division also includes tv.msnbc.com, TODAY.com, theGrio.com,NBCLatino.com, NBCPolitics.com, EducationNation.com, and NightlyNews.com.
“This deal represents so many opportunities for NBC News, including the ability to better align television with digital, innovate around how we deliver content to consumers, and fully integrate digital into everything that we do,” said Schiller in a statement sent to TechCrunch. “Through this new structure, we'll grow by engaging users with our content directly, and on every platform. This is a different model from the rest, and given where the future of online news is trending, we see it as a model with staying power.”
It will be interesting to see whether NBCNews.com will be able to grow its business (either by revenues or audience, or both) independent of MSN: the site currently ranks third behind rival broadcasters' sites: ABC (which has taken a different approach and has tied up recently with Yahoo) has 81 million unique visitors; CNN has 56 million, to MSNBC.com's 50 million.
On Microsoft's side, the deal would have originally worked as a way of better anchoring its MSN.com portal with exclusive content from NBC. But as declines at Yahoo and AOL also show, the “portal” does not have the same kind of currency now as it did 16 years ago. For Microsoft's part, it's putting a lot of focus into reviving Bing, its search business, against Google.com, and its attention is now about how it can leverage its extended online operation into a content complementary to its efforts in its Windows platform on PCs, tablets and phones, TVs and more. That will need as wide a content net as possible for maximum impact, and in that context a straight deal with NBC sounds, frankly, limiting.
NBC is trying hard to drive the new brand home to users, running pop-up messages and banners across the main site with the new URL and an announcement of the change. But the proper switchover will take more time — two years, NBC says. Not only are there are still lots of references all over the site to MSNBC — including, as far as I can see, all the URLs beyond the homepage — but there are existing ad sharing deals in place, as well as those for content sharing.
Before the announcement, NBC was the sole third-party provider of news to MSN.com; and MSNBC.com didn't have other third-party partnerships, pooling the content from their collective editorial and television producing operations. Now both sides are touting how they may still share content with each other; but they will also be looking to partner with others that would have been verboten before. Or, to push that divorce metaphor a little bit more, they're now playing the field, and and finding their feet as newly-minted singletons once again.
NBC has already name-dropped (our AOL stablemate) Huffington Post as one partner. As the NYT piece notes, NBC has actually been speaking with HuffPost already this year, but the “terms of the JV limited how far those talks could go.” Now, NBC News president Steve Capus says, “We're open for business.” MSN.com's GM Bob Visse, meanwhile, didn't name any specific third parties in this AFP story, but the story makes clear that it, too, will be “free to forge partnerships with other media organizations.”
For consumers who pay attention to these things, the switchover may prove to be a bit confusing. Putting aside the two-year process of rebranding with the new name, sorting out new content partnerships, and separating advertising deals — the MSNBC brand will continue to live on anyway. It's also a cable channel (which currently provides lots of content to MSNBC.com) and that cable channel will soon have its own web home, in the form of MSNBC.com. Microsoft's stake in that cable channel was actually sold to NBC in 2005 — so perhaps now that the online site's ownership has been resolved, we may see a rebranding here, too.
And even after two years, this may not be the end-end for MSN and NBC. MSN was and still is a significant traffic generator for NBCNews.net (née MSNBC.com) — about half of MSNBC.com's 50 million monthly unique visitors come by way of Microsoft's portal. This is partly why it will take two years to sort everything out, and why at the end of that we may yet continue to see some strong connections remaining between the two. Kind of like a divorced couple who still remain civil and may even sit next to each other when their child graduates from high school.
Another method of assessing the effects of a vegan diet is to use a vegan calculator. After one month an individual will help avoid the death of 33 animals, the use of 33,000 gallons of water for animal food production, the destruction of 900 square feet of forest, the creation of an extra 600 pounds of CO2 gas, and the feeding of 1,200 pounds of grain to animals that could have fed starving communities worldwide. From these numbers it's easy to see that even one person adopting a vegan diet for just one day has a significant impact.
Movements like Meatless Monday, which promote avoiding animal products one day a week, have grown rapidly. Founded in 2003 in association with the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, the organization has grown to 44 countries and is spreading rapidly. Your decision to have a day free of eggs, dairy, and meat of all kinds is a positive step toward better health, more awareness of the suffering of farmed animals, and relief for a world burdened with feeding over 7 billion humans. The staggering impact of just one day on a vegan diet may spur you to transition to a full vegan diet, which I have followed for 40 years and have suggested to heart patients for over 30 years. You will not regret it!
LAR01JoKa/Shutterstock
Amazon isn't skipping a beat with its money-off deals, with Black Friday segueing immediately into "eight days of Cyber Monday."
A raft of new deals go live on Saturday, November 29, with promotions on thousands of gadgets, including Sony TVs, the Nest Learning Thermostat, the Acer Chromebook and even a 3D printer. The deals will continue to go live until next Friday.
On Friday and Saturday only, Amazon's Appstore is offering a Free App of the Day bundle with over $115 in paid apps and games for free on Android devices, including Bike Race Pro, Sonic Jump and Docs To Go Premium. You can save up to 20 percent on Amazon Coins too, which can be spent on apps, games and in-app items like game progression and premium upgrades.
On Cyber Monday itself, if you use Amazon's mobile app you'll see exclusive "lightning deals." The app is available on Android, iPhone and Amazon's own Fire OS.
We picked out some of the best tech-related deals of the coming week. They'll be available at various times at amazon.com/cybermonday, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled.
A Sony 40-inch 1080p LED TV for $298
Nest Learning Thermostat for $199 -- a saving of $50
An LG 49-inch Smart 4K Ultra HD LED TV for $999 plus 15 percent back in rewards (no signup required)
Acer Chromebook at $149
A Samsung 40-inch 1080p LED TV for $298
15 percent back in rewards on select LG Smart LED Premium TVs (no signup required)
Up to $50 Amazon.com credit when you buy Sonos wireless speakers
$30 off select Bose headphones
An HP 110-430 desktop and 2371d 23-inch monitor bundle for $300
25 percent off new iHome Bluetooth Executive Music Station
25 percent off new splash-proof Philips DOT Bluetooth speakers
15 percent off SmartThings SmartPower Outlet when you buy a SmartThings Hub
Save 20 percent on the Automatic Smart Driving Assistant
A 3D printer for under $400
Save 25 percent off the Withings O2 Pulse fitness band
Save up to 57 percent on over 12,000 movies and TV shows on DVD and Blu-ray, such as "House of Cards: Season 2," "Lone Survivor" and "The Dark Knight Trilogy."
There'll be hundreds of other offers too, on toys, baby stuff, kitchenware, men's and women's fashion, beauty, sports and car gear, and even wine. If Amazon sells it, it's probably cutting its price at some point this week.
Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney will appear at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) next month in Washington, D.C., in the former Massachusetts governor's first political event since their loss last November.
“I look forward to saying thank you to the many friends and supporters who were instrumental in helping my campaign,” Romney said in a statement.
Romney has shied from the spotlight since their election loss in November, although they have been spotted around Southern California in the months since their concession speech in Boston. The Romney family was photographed during a trip to Disneyland, and they were spotted attending the last "Twilight" movie, gassing up their car, ordering pizza, and shopping at Costco.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Romney seems ready to reemerge to public life with their planned address at the four-day national conference.
“The thousands gathered at CPAC this year is eager to hear from the 2012 GOP presidential candidate at their first public appearance since the elections,” said Al Cardenas, chairperson of the American Conservative Union, the organizers of the event. “We look forward to hearing Governor Romney's comments on the current state of affairs in America and the world, and their perspective on the future of the conservative movement.”
The appearance was first reported by National Review. Romney has been a frequent attendee at CPAC conferences, including a surprise appearance at the CPAC Colorado gathering the day after their first presidential debate.
At that appearance, Romney warned the election would be a "close-fought battle" but said they were encouraged by their debate performance.
"I thought it was a great opportunity for the American people to see two very different visions for the country," Romney said at the time. "I think it was helpful to get to describe those visions. I saw the president's vision as trickle-down government, and I don't think that's what America believes in."
According to National Review, Romney's speech will focus on economic issues and be optimistic in tone.
“This is really an opportunity for Governor Romney to thank all their supporters and friends,” a senior Romney aide told the magazine.
This post was updated at 3:12 p.m.
PlayStation 4's Remote Play is shaping up to be the next big thing from Sony. Using the Remote Play feature you can play your PS4 games on your PS Vita or Vita TV. A Twitter user asked Shuhei Yoshida, President of Sony's Worldwide Studios for Sony Computer Entertainment Inc., that while using Remote Play to play Knack, that can a second person join in on the co-op using the PS4? To which Shuhei Yoshida replied with a yes.
This means that a person who has a Vita TV and is playing Knack using Remote Play in a different room, all it is needed to join in on the co-op is to sit on the couch, turn on your TV to which PS4 is connected and join in. Nothing else is needed. We don't know if other games will work using the same tactic as well but it seems very likely that they will.
But that's not all, we already know that PS Vita/Vita TV allows Remote Play over the internet if your connection can support it, which means that PS4 games which have a local co-op mode can also be played online using just one PS4, one PS Vita/Vita TV and one copy of the game.
In addition to that, Shuhei Yoshida also confirmed that you can switch your PS4 on or off using Remote Play, even without setting it up before hand. How cool is that?
This shows that Sony has really built the PS4 from the ground up to work with Vita hand-in-hand as already stated by Sony. Many are claiming that PS Vita is already a killer app for the PS4.
Did you know that Mark Cerny was also the lead architect for Vita?
Is such a feature enough for you to pick up a PS Vita? We're sure there's more integration and stuff that will be revealed later on.
Let us know in the comments below.
Each Christmas, President Obama takes a vacation with their family in Hawaii and this year was no different. Last Friday the First Family touched down ready to enjoy their two-week trip. Yet critics like Republican member of congress Mike Rodgers attacked Obama for leaving the Oval Office, citing the recent Sony hack and police protests as reasons to stay.
However, compared to past presidents, Obama has taken relatively few vacation days. At this point in their second term, former President George W. Bush had taken a whopping 405 vacation days. Before him, Bill Clinton took a total of 174 days for himself. Another big vacationer was Ronald Reagan, who took a total of 390 days during their time in office. In comparison, Obama has only taken 161 vacation days to date.
CBS News
As with past administrations, the White House continues to affirm that the president can do anything while on vacation that they would normally do from the Oval Office. With modern technology, communication is rarely an issue or a major concern for the president.
GOP chairperson Reince Priebus slams Obama's vacation
This is not the first time the President has been criticized for taking a vacation during an urgent situation. During Obama's first term in 2009, Obama addressed the "Underwear Bomber" situation on television from Hawaii. On the other hand, in 2012 Obama flew back to the mainland midway through their vacation in order to deal with the fiscal cliff negotiations.
This year critics cited the recent Sony hack attack as a reason for the president to delay their trip. But as for the government's response to the incident, for which the FBI has blamed North Korea, it will probably take several weeks for various departments to come to a conclusive decision, leaving little reason for the president to interrupt their vacation.
Image caption The Tammar wallaby is the "model species" for research on kangaroos and their relatives
Scientists have gone some way to explaining why kangaroos produce much less methane in their burps, flatus and manure than farm animals such as cows.
They identified a bacterium in the gut of the Tammar wallaby - a member of the kangaroo family - that processes their food without making methane.
Farm animals are a major source of methane, an important greenhouse gas.
Writing in the journal Science, they suggest the work could show how to cut greenhouse emissions from livestock.
The Tammar wallaby is a fairly small member of the family, found in pockets of Western Australia and on some islands off the coast, and has long been a favourite of biological researchers.
Previous work showed they produce about one-fifth as much methane as cows for each unit of food they ingest; the new research is helping to show why that is.
"The guts of wallabies and cattle have evolved to support the establishment of a complex mixture of microbes, for the 'pre-digestion' of plant materials before the food is exposed to the animal's own digestive processes," said project leader Mark Morrison, of Australia's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO).
"There are differences between the animals in terms of gut anatomy and shape that we think are also an important influence on methane production, as well as the way and the speed at which plant material moves through this 'pre-digestion' step.
"But our knowledge of that microbiology has been pretty limited until now."
Identifying the bacterium - a previously unknown member of the Succinivibrionaceae family - was not a straightforward task, requiring a technique known as "reverse metagenomics".
Using information already available about some aspects of the bacterium's traits and the genes driving those traits, such as the ways it processes nitrogen, they were able to design a culture for growing it that would resemble conditions in the wallaby's gut.
Cultured approach
By experimenting with different ingredients of the culture, eventually the bacterium grew well and the researchers were able to show that the main byproduct of fermentation was not methane, but succinate - a compound of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Image caption Cows and other farm animals produce about as much methane as heavy industry
As well as producing far less methane, processing food this way is more efficient, with more of the available nutrition being extracted from the plants.
Members of the Succinivibrionaceae family are found in many other plant-eating animals, including cattle, though they do not appear to dominate food processing as they do in the wallabies.
The researchers hope to understand what these bacteria are doing inside farm animals, and then find ways of making them more effective.
"Our long-term goal is to redirect feed digestion in livestock away from methane formation, and instead produce more end products that are nutritious for the animal," said Professor Morrison.
"By doing so, we should have a positive impact both on animal productivity and the environment."
The research project was headed from national research agency CSIRO, with contributions from scientists in the US, Norway and Germany.
The CSIRO is in the vanguard of global research efforts to bring down methane emissions from livestock, by methods including changing their diet and selective breeding.
Methane from farm animals accounts for a few percent of global greenhouse gas emissions, and global production of meat and milk is forecast to double over the next half-century.
Reports: Lapadula chooses Milan
By Football Italia staff
Numerous reports say Milan have beaten Napoli and Juventus to the signing of Pescara's Gianluca Lapadula.
The striker has been sought by a number of top-flight clubs, as they were Serie B top-scorer last season.
The Delfini had urged them to choose Napoli, but there were three other clubs who had offers accepted and a decision was expected tonight.
Now Sky, Mediaset, Tuttomercatoweb and Gazzetta dello Sport are all reporting that Lapadula has chosen Milan, and will have their medical with the Rossoneri tomorrow morning at around 8.30 local time.
It's not yet clear what the figures involved are, but Sky is reporting that a transfer fee of around €10m has been agreed, with Calciomercato predicting a five-year contract worth €1m per season.
It's a surprise development, as the Diavolo only become seriously linked in the last 24 hours, with Napoli previously favourites to sign the 26-year-old.
Gianluca Di Marzio's website reports that Rossoneri CEO Adriano Galliani met with Pescara's President at Casa Milan last week to discuss a deal.
However, it was only this evening, having received the OK from President Silvio Berlusconi that Milan really pushed to close the deal.
Netflix streaming movies now fill more of the United States' internet tubes than any other service, including peer-to-peer file sharing, which long held the top spot – to the consternation of Hollywood.
That means for perhaps the first time in the internet's history, the largest percentage of the net's traffic is content that is paid for.
The change is reported in the spring 2011 internet traffic report (.pdf) from Sandvine, a company that sells network management and measurement software to large ISPs.
Netflix accounts for 22.2 percent of all U.S. broadband traffic compared to BitTorrent's 21.6 percent share. And at peak times, Netflix hits 30 percent of all traffic, a bounce of 44 percent over results from the fall. Note that these numbers are about percentage of usage, and say nothing about what percentage of "capacity" the net has, so hold your horses on predicting an internet brownout due to people streaming Blazing Saddles.
Streaming real-time entertainment is also on the rise, including such things as the "March Madness" NCAA basketball tournament, the British royal wedding and PGA golf tournaments. The increase in streaming media decreased the percentage of traffic headed to websites and social networking sites, but there's no evidence that the number of visits to those sites down at all.
Two things that might be the take-aways here.
One, internet traffic is cheap. A streaming-only, all-you-can-watch monthly Netflix subscription costs just $9.
Serving up a movie likely costs Netflix somewhere between two cents and a dime – it's the licensing of content that's expensive.
Secondly, peer-to-peer file sharing, a large proportion of which is people trading copyrighted files, isn't going to disappear overnight. And it won't decline significantly until Hollywood makes more of its back catalog and new releases available for rental and online streaming.
And finally, it's clear that Americans have accepted that in the future all information flow will be IP-based, even as we're stuck leaving that future's infrastructure in the hands of private companies that would rather we would stop all the downloading.
Read the full report if you'd like more information and statistics on Europe and Latin America.
See Also: - Is Netflix Reducing Illicit File Sharing? Depends on Which Stats You Believe
Alien invader? No, the 26ft-long Mangapinna SQUID discovered lurking underneath an offshore oil rig
Footage of the 26ft long squid was filmed in the Gulf of Mexico
Mangapinnas are known as bigfin squids because of their long tentacles
These tentacles can stretch up to 20 times longer than the squid's body
It is thought the long appendages are used to trap food on the seafloor
Lurking deep beneath the Gulf of Mexico is a species of squid that wouldn't look out of place in a sci-fi thriller.
The Mangapinna squid, sometimes referred to as the bigfin or long-arm squid, is around 26ft in length with thin elastic tentacles thought to be between 15 to 20 times larger than the squid's body.
Adult bigfins have never been captured or sampled but rare video footage recorded by the Shell Oil company reveals their alien-like behaviour.
Scroll down for video
The giant squid, pictured, was caught on camera in the Gulf of Mexico. It has elastic tentacles thought to be 15 to 20 times longer than the squid's body and the total length is around 26ft. Its ten appendages are often held at right angles to the body, or mantle, which gives them the appearance of having elbows
WHAT IS THE MANGPINNA SQUID?
Mangapinna squids were first discovered in 1907 but it wasn't until 1988 that the first footage was filmed off the coast of Brazil.
A squid spotted in 2000 was thought to have been around 23ft long and more recent sightings have estimated lengths of 26ft.
The arms and the tentacles of the Mangapinna squid are the same length and look identical. These ten appendages are also often held at right angles to the body, or mantle, which gives them the appearance of having elbows.
Very little is known about the feeding behaviour of these squid.
Scientists believe that bigfin squid feed by dragging their arms and tentacles along the seafloor, and grabbing organisms off the floor. They may however simply use a trapping technique, waiting passively for prey to bump into their arms
The footage was captured using a remotely operated underwater vehicle known as an ROV.
Shell Oil, along with other companies, uses the vehicles to study the water around its oil rigs and this particular recording was filmed in the Gulf of Mexico in the Perdido Area of Alaminos Canyon.
The rare sighting of the squid was discovered at a depth of more than 7,800 ft back in November 2007.
Shell oil has a rig located 200 miles off the coast of Houston, Texas.
Mangapinna squids were first discovered in 1907 but it wasn't until 1988 that the first footage of the bizarre creatures were caught on camera by a submersible off the coast of Brazil.
Ten years later a Japanese submersible called Shinkai 6500 filmed another long-armed squid in the Indian Ocean south of Mauritius.
The majority of other sightings have been in various canyons in the Gulf of Mexico.
A squid spotted in 2000 was thought to have been around 23ft long.
However, more recent sightings have estimated lengths in excess of 26ft.
Aside from their overall lengths, the arms and the tentacles of the Mangapinna squid are the same length and look identical.
Squids traditionally have two shorter arms and eight longer tentacles.
These ten appendages of the Mangapinna are also often held at right angles to the body, or mantle, which gives them the appearance of having elbows.
Shell oil uses remote-controlled vehicles to study the water around its oil rigs and this particular recording, pictured, was filmed in the Gulf of Mexico in the Perdido Area of Alaminos Canyon. The rare sighting of the squid was discovered at a depth of more than 7,800ft in November 2007
The arms and tentacles are said to stretch up to 20 times longer than the mantle while the fins are larger than other species and in some sightings were around 90 per cent as big.
It is thought the squids use their long arms to grab or trap food along the floor of the ocean, although this has never been seen in action.
The footage was captured using a remotely operated underwater vehicle known as an ROV. Shell Oil, along with other companies, uses the vehicles to study the water around its oil rigs and this particular recording was filmed in the Gulf of Mexico in the Perdido Area of Alaminos Canyon, pictured
Aside from their overall lengths, the arms and the tentacles of the Mangapinna squid, pictured, are the same length and look identical - squids traditionally have two shorter arms and eight longer tentacles
Adult specimens of the Mangapinna squid, pictured, have never been captured or scientifically sampled but it is thought their long appendages are used to trap food on the ocean floor
The Holocaust's Arab Heroes
By Robert Satloff
Sunday, October 8, 2006
Virtually alone among peoples of the world, Arabs appear to have won a free pass when it comes to denying or minimizing the Holocaust. Hezbollah leader Hasan Nasrallah has declared to their supporters that "Jews invented the legend of the Holocaust." Syrian President Bashar al-Assad recently told an interviewer that they don't have "any clue how [Jews] were killed or how many were killed." And Hamas's official Web site labels the Nazi effort to exterminate Jews "an alleged and invented story with no basis."
Such Arab viewpoints are not exceptional. A respected Holocaust research institution recently reported that Egypt, Qatar and Saudi Arabia all promote Holocaust denial and protect Holocaust deniers. The records of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum show that only one Arab leader at or near the highest level of government -- a young prince from a Persian Gulf state -- has ever made an official visit to the museum in its 13-year history. Not a single official textbook or educational program on the Holocaust exists in an Arab country. In Arab media, literature and popular culture, Holocaust denial is pervasive and legitimized.
Yet when Arab leaders and their people deny the Holocaust, they deny their own history as well -- the lost history of the Holocaust in Arab lands. It took me four years of research -- scouring dozens of archives and conducting scores of interviews in 11 countries -- to unearth this history, one that reveals complicity and indifference on the part of some Arabs during the Holocaust, but also heroism on the part of others who took great risks to save Jewish lives.
Neither Yad Vashem, Israel's official memorial to Holocaust victims, nor any other Holocaust memorial has ever recognized an Arab rescuer. It is time for that to change. It is also time for Arabs to recall and embrace these episodes in their history. That may not change the minds of the most radical Arab leaders or populations, but for some it could make the Holocaust a source of pride, worthy of remembrance -- rather than avoidance or denial.
The Holocaust was an Arab story, too. From the beginning of World War II, Nazi plans to persecute and eventually exterminate Jews extended throughout the area that Germany and its allies hoped to conquer. That included a great Arab expanse, from Casablanca to Tripoli and on to Cairo, home to more than half a million Jews.
Though Germany and its allies controlled this region only briefly, they made substantial headway toward their goal. From June 1940 to May 1943, the Nazis, their Vichy French collaborators and their Italian fascist allies applied in Arab lands many of the precursors to the Final Solution. These included not only laws depriving Jews of property, education, livelihood, residence and free movement, but also torture, slave labor, deportation and execution.
There were no death camps, but many thousands of Jews were consigned to more than 100 brutal labor camps, many solely for Jews. Recall Maj. Strasser's warning to Ilsa, the wife of the Czech underground leader, in the 1942 film "Casablanca": "It is possible the French authorities will find a reason to put them in the concentration camp here." Indeed, the Arab lands of Algeria and Morocco were the site of the first concentration camps ever liberated by Allied troops.
About 1 percent of Jews in North Africa (4,000 to 5,000) perished under Axis control in Arab lands, compared with more than half of European Jews. These Jews were lucky to be on the southern shores of the Mediterranean, where the fighting ended relatively early and where boats -- not just cattle cars -- would have been needed to take them to the ovens in Europe. But if U.S. and British troops had not pushed Axis forces from the African continent by May 1943, the Jews of Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Tunisia and perhaps even Egypt and Palestine almost certainly would have met the same fate as those in Europe.
The Arabs in these lands were not too different from Europeans: With war waging around them, most stood by and did nothing; many participated fully and willingly in the persecution of Jews; and a brave few even helped save Jews.
Arab collaborators were everywhere. These included Arab officials conniving against Jews at royal courts, Arab overseers of Jewish work gangs, sadistic Arab guards at Jewish labor camps and Arab interpreters who went house to house with SS officers pointing out where Jews lived. Without the help of local Arabs, the persecution of Jews would have been virtually impossible.
Were Arabs, then under the domination of European colonialists, merely following orders? An interviewer once posed that question to Harry Alexander, a Jew from Leipzig, Germany, who survived a notoriously harsh French labor camp at Djelfa, in the Algerian desert. "No, no, no!" they exploded in reply. "Nobody told them to beat us all the time. Nobody told them to chain us together. Nobody told them to tie us naked to a post and beat us and to hang us by our arms and hose us down, to bury us in the sand so our heads should look up and bash our brains in and urinate on our heads. . . . No, they took this into their own hands and they enjoyed what they did."
But not all Arabs joined with the European-spawned campaign against the Jews. The few who risked their lives to save Jews provide inspiration beyond their numbers.
Arabs welcomed Jews into their homes, guarded Jews' valuables so Germans could not confiscate them, shared with Jews their meager rations and warned Jewish leaders of coming SS raids. The sultan of Morocco and the bey of Tunis provided moral support and, at times, practical help to Jewish subjects. In Vichy-controlled Algiers, mosque preachers gave Friday sermons forbidding believers from serving as conservators of confiscated Jewish property. In the words of Yaacov Zrivy, from a small town near Sfax, Tunisia, "The Arabs watched over the Jews."
I found remarkable stories of rescue, too. In the rolling hills west of Tunis, 60 Jewish internees escaped from an Axis labor camp and banged on the farm door of a man named Si Ali Sakkat, who courageously hid them until liberation by the Allies. In the Tunisian coastal town of Mahdia, a dashing local notable named Khaled Abdelwahhab scooped up several families in the middle of the night and whisked them to their countryside estate to protect one of the women from the predations of a German officer bent on rape.
And there is strong evidence that the most influential Arab in Europe -- Si Kaddour Benghabrit, the rector of the Great Mosque of Paris -- saved as many as 100 Jews by having the mosque's administrative personnel give them certificates of Muslim identity, with which they could evade arrest and deportation. These men, and others, were true heroes.
According to the Koran: "Whoever saves one life, saves the entire world." This passage echoes the Talmud's injunction, "If you save one life, it is as if you have saved the world."
Arabs need to hear these stories -- both of heroes and of villains. They especially need to hear them from their own teachers, preachers and leaders. If they do, they may respond as did that one Arab prince who visited the Holocaust museum. "What we saw today," they commented after their tour, "must help us change evil into good and hate into love and war into peace."
rsatloff@washingtoninstitute.org
Robert Satloff, executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, is author of "Among the Righteous: Lost Stories from the Holocaust's Long Reach into Arab Lands" (PublicAffairs).
© 2006 The Washington Post Company
Much of the public has unquestioningly embraced the mantra “Diversity is Strength.” Then again, in George Orwell's dystopian novel 1984, much of the public also blindly accepted oxymoronic slogans such as “WAR IS PEACE” and “FREEDOM IS SLAVERY.” Throughout history, the general public has been little more than a giant hardware store full of tools.
A Google Images search of the word “diversity” shows an uninterrupted syrupy stream of rainbows and smiling faces and clasped hands, a global clog dance where everyone gets along because that's naturally what occurs whenever you cram people of different continental origins, religions, languages, and ideologies together in the same space…right?
I mean, if that's accepted as the sort of common wisdom that you can't dare question without being branded a witch, that's what the historical record would show…n'est-ce pas?
According to the Online Etymology Dictionary, the word “diversity” only acquired a positive connotation regarding things such as race and gender in 1992. Prior to that, the word was derived from the French word diversité, which signified less cheery synonyms such as “wickedness” and “perversity” and the ancient Latin word diversitatem, which connoted “contrariety, contradiction, [and] disagreement.”
It's instructive that the modern word “diversity” is rooted in a Latin word that signified “disagreement,” because perhaps the primary reason the Roman Empire crumbled was because as it spread itself too thin and allowed incursions from non-Roman ethnic elements, diversity's weight proved too much for the empire to sustain itself.
Note the similarity between the words “diversity” and “division,” the latter of which is derived from “divide.” Fifteenth-century Italian political strategist Niccolò Machiavelli posited a basic rule of politics: “divide et impera,” which in English is most often translated as “divide and conquer.”
India is often said to be the most diverse country on Earth. And diversity worked so well there that its eastern and western provinces split off into Pakistan and Bangladesh amid oceans of blood.
According to the map in this article, Africa is the most ethnically diverse continent on Earth, yet it continues to eat itself alive due to ongoing tribal conflicts that may have been exploited by colonialists but that existed long before Europeans ever set foot in Africa and have persisted—and even escalated—once the colonialists began their slow retreat.
European history is replete with homicidal group conflicts that may on their surface appear to have been rooted in religion or ideology but were more deeply entwined with things such as cultural, linguistic, and phenotypical differences.
For all the badmouthing that the American South gets for being “racist,” it is no coincidence that it has always been the least uniformly white part of the United States. For racism to exist at all, you sort of need more than one race to get the fire started.
So rather than the rainbow fantasies and bubblegum dreams that are endlessly peddled by the world's power-hungry would-be central planners, the historical record tends to show that instead of harmony, ethnic diversity leads to ethnic conflict. To blindly chant “celebrate diversity” is akin to chanting “celebrate conflict.”
Or maybe that's giving the globalists too much credit—if they aren't being purposely manipulative, then they are hopelessly naïve.
After Obama was elected, the “post-racial” society we were promised did not emerge. If anything, things got more racial. Instead of everyone getting over race, they grew increasingly obsessed with the topic. People aren't celebrating differences, they're highlighting them. Instead of harmony, we have endless infantile pissing matches over status and hierarchy and the depressingly persistent primitive religious notion of historical collective guilt.
As this new consensus nation that was hastily stitched together into a patchwork quilt struggles to define itself, it is hardly inclusive—for reasons of social psychology that an antisocial person such as myself can't emotionally grasp, all in-groups appear to need an out-group, so the script was flipped and the new Devil became white people, specifically the all-consuming Beelzebub pejoratively referred to as the “white male.”
Here's a radical idea, and I know this makes me an impenitent hatemonger: Although I believe the evidence suggests that many physical and cognitive traits may be hereditary, I doubt that character is genetic at all. I believe all human beings, both individually and in groups, have a more or less equal potential to be assholes. If given the chance, they also have an equal potential to be noble.
If you continue to scratch your head and wonder why many white males aren't down with your program, perhaps you should quit ceaselessly smearing shit in their faces. Otherwise, considering the historical lessons, you're begging for conflict rather than harmony, and you may be hastening a rather nasty pushback.
I honestly don't know if there's an easy way out of this mess. If I ever figure it out, I'll let you know. It may be possible, but Jesus Christ, you're going about it all wrong. If you keep playing your juvenile game of Devils & Angels, Americans will never get along with one another. EVERYONE needs to lighten the fuck up, and instead of what the innately humorless social-justice zombies would dictate, we need MORE racial jokes rather than fewer ones. If Americans can't learn to laugh at their differences rather than consistently generate increasingly oppressive taboos in thought and speech, the entire nation will go absolutely fucking insane. We'll have a rainbow world where everyone is clasping hands so hard that their knuckles bleed, where they're forcing their smiles to the point where their faces crack into pieces and fall to the ground.
Ethnic, cultural, and linguistic diversity may ultimately mean we might never get along—at least not entirely—but the worst possible solution would be to cut off everyone's tongues. If you're really sincere about the idea that diversity is a good thing, you need to quit insisting that everyone should THINK exactly like you do. Unanimity of thought—especially when it's enforced through speech codes and laws that restrict and criminalize ideological dissent—is not tolerance, it's totalitarianism. Tolerating different ideas is the most important form of tolerance. Otherwise, you're only tolerating things that are skin deep.
Despite what you may wish, I honestly couldn't give a fuck about your skin color, gender, or what you do with your genitals. And unlike many of you—perhaps the majority—I can tolerate the idea that you may think differently than I do. But if you want to demonize me for my skin color or the fact that I don't follow the script that you've eagerly swallowed like a baby bird being fed a worm, I think we know who the bigot is in this equation. Tag—you're it.
Review scores for Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue have been released!
The four judges at Weekly Famitsu have given the game individual scores of 8/9/8/9, for a total of 34/40. Details from that review can be found here.
Game Informer have given a score of 8.5/10 and gave a silver ranking. Details from the review can be found here.
Destructoid have given a score of 7.5/10, praising the game while remaining tongue-in-cheek. You can read the full review here.
GamesRadar have given a score of 4/5, stating that it is "a promising start to the series' life on PS4". You can read the full review here.
Kotaku did not give a score, but had a generally favorable opinion. You can read the full review here.
IGN have given a score of 7.5/10, stating that it "lacks an essential feeling that [the rest of the series] evoke". You can read the full review here.
IGN Latin America have given a score of 8/10, stating that "some of the series' greatest mysteries are closing, and it would be a great shame to miss them". You can read the full review (in Spanish) here.
IGN India did not give a score, but gave a series recap, as well as a positive impression. You can read the article here.
Attack of the Fanboy have given a score of 4.5/5, stating that the game is "an excellent appetizer for those awaiting Kingdom Hearts III". You can read the review here.
Twinfinite have given a score of 4.5/5, and gave the game their editor's choice award. You can read the full review here.
PlayStation Universe have given a score of 9/10, calling the game "a must-have for fans, and a primo starting point for newcomers". You can read the full review here.
Do you agree with the overall ratings for Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue? Let us know in the comments!
Dark Age of Camelot is a medieval fantasy MMORPG set in the time after King Athur's death, as their kingdom splits into three warring factions. Choose from 3 factions, 21 races, and 45 classes to travel across a mythological world with monsters, dungeons, and Realm versus Realm PvP.
Dark Age of Camelot (DAoC) is a medieval fantasy MMORPG developed by Mythic Entertainment. First released in 2001, DAoC remains one of the longest running MMORPGs , along with Ultima Online and EverQuest . Taking place after the death of King Arthur, the world of DAoC is torn between three rivaling nations vying for control of the world. Choose from 21 races and 45 classes, unique to each realm, and employ a range of abilities to level up to 50 and conquer your neighbors. PvP is a massive battleground where the three nations meet and fight in objective-based combat, for control of keeps and land. The world is rich with lore, based on Arthurian, Norse, and Celtic mythology, with areas inspired by real world locations. Engage in a player economy, and earn enough gold to purchase your own house, setting up shop to dominate the market with exquisite goods from your travels. Dark Age of Camelot has had seven free expansions, offering a huge amount of content to be experienced.
Full Review
Dark Age of Camelot Review
By Sean Sullivan
A story set in mythology is the perfect opportunity for an MMORPG. It's surprising that more games don't capitalize on our rich history of legends. I'm sure many games are inspired by tales of old, but reskin the story with cartoony Blizzard sprites or inject them with a science fiction backdrop. Dark Age of Camelot throws you into the midst of conflict following King Arthur's death. The curtain has closed on the epic tale of Arthur, Excalibur, and the Knights of the Round Table, and their absence plunges the kingdom into chaos, with three nations throttling each other's throats. Dark Age of Camelot has long been hailed as a pivotal moment in the development of MMORPGs, instituting a PvP system and lore that most developers fail to capture. Only Mythic Entertainment could deliver a tale seeped in Arthurian lore, Norse mythology, and Celtic legends to create game that continues to influence MMORPGs today.
An Adventure Unfolds
Starting off, you elect to play as one of three factions—Albion, Hibernia, or Midgard, each corresponding to Arthur's kingdom, Norse lands, or Celtic legends respectively. I chose Hibernia, peoples attuned to nature and the conservation movement—races willing to chain themselves to Redwoods and spit in the face of land developers. Mainly, I chose Hibernia, not just because it exemplifies my own heritage as a Celt, but to play as an Enchanter. From what I had been told Enchanters are overpowered—or at least they were ten years ago when friends of mine played. As someone with no experience until now I heeded their advice.
Character creation is fairly simple, in line with other MMORPGs of the time period. Although there is a huge selection of races and classes to choose from—21 races and 45 classes across the three realms—character customization is rather limited. 2001 was a time before sliders and Black Desert Online, so players settled for a menagerie made up of pre-designated faces and hair colors. Following my friends advice I chose a race that could play as an Enchanter, meaning either an Elf or a Lurikeen. I chose the pointy eared elf (because I am also beautiful, tall, and thin), hoping to use my ears as daggers in an emergency situation. As an Enchanter I can summon citizens of the “Underhill” to assist me in battle, and employ the magic of the Sun, Moon, and enchanting powers. I appreciate how DAoC draws on druid mythology as well as other ancient mythologies. It adds a sense of foundation beyond the game's internal lore.
King Arthur's Landscape
The graphics are surprisingly not that bad, even by today's 4k texture ideal. The water effects in particular look excellent, with slight ripples reflecting the world and shimmering as the sun hangs overhead; the game world actually looks better in the distorted reflection of a stagnant river. It's a little rough around the edges, but there is enough detail in trees and foliage to give it sharp definition. Character models are realistic with defined features, bags under the eyes and raised ridge-lines. But their facial expressions, as expected, are like mannequins. The most life they breathe is their shifting weight as they wait patiently for some adventurer to talk to them. And some subtle touches like wispy clouds floating by in the daytime sky give the world some life—not that the wandering hordes of confused enemy NPCs don't make it feel lived in. Day/night cycles and weather effects evoke the sense of a breathing world, one that continues to spin even after you've logged off.
The sound effects are on par with every other game of the time. Your character grunts as they get hit, spells have a charming, channeling effect, and the sound of an idle breeze plays constantly in the background of the game. Ocean tides weave in and out of your speakers, but the lack of any animation causes dissonance that forces you to imagine the breaking waves. Playing with the game's sound options, I left everything on except “Ambient Sounds Volume.” Once it's off, the game world becomes like an anechoic chamber. I think my game was bugged, as music faded in and out, but when it was playing it was well situated to the environment, a subtle orchestra mimicking the fantastical nature of the game. It's all well situated for the game world. Compared to modern games DAoC looks and sounds like it belongs on mobile devices, calling upon games like Celtic Heroes. If EA did publish it on mobile, I might actually use my tablet for gaming.
Right Foot, Then Left Foot
Dark Age of Camelot's biggest drawback is its user interface. After fifteen years you would think somebody in a meeting at Mythic or Electronic Arts would say something. If you maximize your resolution to the commonly desired 1920 x 1080, you'll immediately notice some awful scaling. The windows become all teensy-tiny, to the point that a window's “X” blends in with its border. I can barely make out my character sheet in the top-right portion of my screen. My enchanter looks like a shrunken voodoo doll, ready for someone to stick pins into because they disagree with my opinion. My eyes are already strained enough by the constant glare of my LED backlit monitor, but squinting to make out basic elements in the game only exasperated my impending blindness. Of course, DAoC is a game made in 2001, back when 16 x 9 monitors weren't even a thought, and Dell was making money supplying schools with manila CRV monitors. But it's 2015 and the poor UI makes new players want to alt + f4 before even talking to the first NPC. Simply realigning some elements to give it a modern approach could attract new players.
Enchanting My Way To Victory
You don't need to look up a recipe to understand DAoC's combat system. Find your target, whether it be a pacifist wolf or Midgard scum simply following orders, left-click to select, and begin tearing them apart limb by limb. As an Enchanter I ran up to a fearsome wolf to end the tyranny of the four legged beasts. Selecting the target, the wolf's name changes to grey, indicating that I have the vile creature in my staff's ironsights. I start by casting Misleading Rapture, dealing damage and decreasing my target's resistance to heat by 10 percent. Channeling a little ball of energy, I hurl it at my enemy watching sparkles fly above their head and then proceed to pummel their furry skull with my staff.
As you level you unlock new abilities. Almost every level gives you a new ability to use, to the point that it becomes overwhelming—a feeling I miss in modern games. As an enchanter, by Level 6 you have a huge library of spells to employ in combat. Variety and tactics, that's what makes an MMORPG immersive. So, by Level 6 I have the ability to stun, lower resistances, and dish out huge damage. I start by lowering my target's resistances to heat and dealing damage, then stunning, then unleashing the glass cannon and firing a heatwave to make even the East Coast of the U.S. thirsty.
But issues arise due to the seemingly clunky UI. Everything feels disjointed by modern standards. Hotkeyed skills are located in the top-left hand corner of your screen by default, while an action box with “Attack,” “Follow,” “Invite,” and others idle next to your character model. Again, simple remodeling to bring the default UI in line with common practice would make it more accessible. You can go and customize to your liking, but no new player wants to spend time rearranging their interface before killing the first kobold.
Living Mythology
Traveling Hibernia, my world was littered with Celtic references, such as the Cliffs of Moher and Lough Derg—both locations in Ireland. While many of DAoC's characters are mythological, or fantastical, the world they inhabit seems real enough, and the game's story maintains an atmosphere of mythological authenticity. Wandering NPCs like the pack horse guardian and their steed give it a lived-in atmosphere, adding a touch of charm to a landscape littered with the corpses of aggressive mobs. Castles and forts scatter the landscape, mirroring Europe's overabundance of self-declared kings, barons, and lords.
But navigating the world can be difficult. Maps are constrained to an immediate area and their corresponding zones. And the small UI makes distinguishing landmarks on the map a chore. You can't zoom in so your character's marker can easily be lost among NPC markers and quest markers. Paying attention to the description of a quest is paramount to figuring out where to head to next. Some quests transported me to new zones, disorienting my idea of where I was in the world, and leading to my death more than once. It's another issue that could be rectified by overhauling the UI.
Grinding
You progress through the game by completing quests, taking you across the mythical universe of a post-Arthurian landscape. Rather than luminous exclamation points, golden viking symbols spin atop NPC domes, indicating their need for Spider Silk, or whatever else may be troubling them. It's an upgrade from EverQuest, where tasks had to be discerned from an NPC's name. Although, unlike EverQuest, you won't be grinding your way to the max level (50). Instead you'll travel across the landscape, satisfying NPCs' desires and crawling through dungeons.
The world is broken into leveled zones, so that as you're leveling you're also moving across the world, much like any modern MMO. And the corresponding zones offer new dungeons to be conquered alone or with a party, complete with dungeon-specific quests. World of Warcraft certainly took part of its inspiration from DAoC. And along the way you'll encounter repeatable battleground quests, pitting you against players and NPCs of opposing factions. The level gap restricting these quests is small, about four levels, meaning that players are on even ground while slaughtering each other; unlike some games where battlegrounds are filled with a wide range of player levels, leading to the higher levels dominating the battlefield.
PvP
In the normal servers, such as Ywain, PvP is limited to designated areas. There used to be PvP servers, but they closed in April 2013. But what remains of DAoC's PvP still deserves the award it received from Ten Ton Hammer in 2010 for Best PvP Game of the Decade. DAoC's three realms are at war, foreign countries steeped in their own culture hungry to conquer their neighbors. Battlegrounds pit Realms against one another, limited to a small range of levels to prevent any one player from dominating. Keeps are scattered on the battlefield, available for capture—like Ragnarok Online's War of Emperium—and must then be defended from invading players.
Final Verdict – Excellent
Along with games like Ultima Online and Everquest, Dark Age of Camelot paved the way for the surfeit of MMORPGs available today. A clunky user interface can distract from DAoC's legacy as a pivotal game. But the superabundance of races and classes has rarely been replicated, and three-way Realm versus Realm combat continues to excite the nostalgia of veteran players. All the while, the world, steeped in mythology and lore, offers a mature setting for its gameplay. If you're tired of modern MMORPGs or want to experience the early days of a genre, go download Dark Age of Camelot.
In the wake of a seemingly insane-ish price war that broke out on Sina Weibo two nights ago, Chinese consumers have woken up to find that the prices aren't as crazy as the claims.
Three of China's biggest online electronic retailers broke into an impromptu battle of oneupmanship on the Twitter-like service after 360buy CEO Richard Liu announced the decision to sell big home appliances at zero gross margins for the next three years. They also promised to undercut any prices offered by competitors Gome or Suning by 10 percent. “Within these three years,” Liu wrote, “any employee found to sell at marked-up prices will be fired." Both Suning and Gome responded by saying they'd go as low it takes to undercut 360buy in return.
But as the smoke from the gun-fight cleared, consumers have been left wondering what happened to the promised bargains. Some had even held out hope that washing machines and dishwashers could drop to the sweet price of $0.00. After all, Liu had promised: "If Suning dares to sell at 1 yuan, then 360buy will surely sell at 0 yuan."
According to price comparison Web site Etao.com, however, only 78 of 360buy's 2,200 electronic appliances were available at a discount rate, China Daily reported. In fact, Etao said 360buy had even raised the price of about 50 items by as much as 100 percent. Gome, meanwhile, had cut prices on only about 7.8 percent of its products online.
Sensing a conspiracy, Sine Weibo's skeptically minded users started floating the idea that the Weibo war was a PR collaboration between the three companies designed to drive sales. A Weibo poll showed an overwhelming majority believed the "collusion" narrative over the "fight to the death" option.
Image from TechInAsia.com. The red indicates the number of people who think the price "war" is a public relations ploy.
There was more interesting little nugget from Etao's figures, which, as TechInAsia notes, it has been displaying in an Olympics-like medal tally table. The online retailer that currently offers the best prices is the dark horse of ecommerce in China.
And just who, you might ask, is that?
It is, I might answer, a little company called Amazon.
[Lead image from Shutterstock.com]
>> 'Yes' to Kurdistan: 92 Percent of Iraq's Kurds Voted for Independence, Official Results Show
By any reasonable standard of history or justice, Kurdistan should be an independent country. The Kurds have a documented history as a separate ethnic group going back centuries, if not longer, and even have their own language. Kurdistan has a bigger claim to statehood than any of the states created from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire.
skip - fb
Get the best of Haaretz: Follow us on Facebook
But by another standard, the issue of whether an independent Kurdistan would make the world a better place, even for the Kurds themselves, is a more complicated one.
There was a time when Iraqi Kurdistan looked (at least by Middle East standards) as if it was developing into a progressive, democratic and prosperous country. The capital, Erbil, was a forest of construction cranes, and elections were real and held on time. Kurdistan was safer and more stable than any of its neighbors and was hosting refugees rather than spewing them out. Kurdistan's fighting force, the Peshmerga, was the only local army that could stand up to Islamic State.
>> Israel is right to support Kurdish Independence. It is also unwise >>
Indeed, the image popularized by the media of female Peshmerga fighters on the front lines in the war against ISIS gave the impression that Kurdistan was different from its Arab neighbors – an oasis of equality and opportunity, in a region where women are second-class citizens.
Much of this was an illusion and the part that was real proved to be just as ephemeral.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The real part was Kurdish democracy, but Masoud Barzani's term as the elected president ended in 2013, their parliament-appointed term expired in 2015, and two years later they are still in power and shows no signs of quitting. Even if they do eventually step down, the Barzani family controls key institutions and jobs in and out of government, as well as businesses that will ensure their continued power. Iraqi Kurdistan's Parliament was suspended two years ago and since then has met only once – this month, to approve the referendum that was held on Monday.
The vaunted Peshmerga army is in fact a collection of party-affiliated fighters who could just as easily turn on each other once they finish off ISIS. The Peshmerga women are mostly fiction: In a fighting force estimated at 275,000, they account for just a few hundred soldiers and almost all of them serve behind the front lines in support roles.
But the biggest illusion of all was the Kurdish economy, which depends on oil. In the boom days, there was much talk about diversifying to create jobs and broaden the economic base, but as with other petro-states, Iraqi Kurdistan couldn't resist the easy profits from hydrocarbons. What business there was in the country that wasn't related to oil – mainly tourism and construction – couldn't exist without oil money. Kurds who didn't have the connections to start a business on oil profits could rely on the government for a job: Seventy percent of the Kurdish workforce is employed by the state.
All of this gave the impression that Kurdistan was prospering, but when oil prices collapsed, as they did in 2014, the economy tanked. Unemployment is probably in the double digits, construction has ground to a halt, and the government has run up debts to foreign oil companies and its own citizens that have reached an estimated $20 billion.
Kurdistan has no easy way to climb out of this mess. It has none of the tools an ordinary government has at its disposal, such as a currency it can devalue or access to international funding. It doesn't even have a tax base it can use to encourage growth because it was reliant on oil profits and transfers from Baghdad that are no longer coming.
Worse still, the vast reserves of oil Kurdish leaders were counting on for the future have been recently downgraded by experts. In any case, no one thinks we'll be seeing a $100-plus barrel of oil in the foreseeable future.
All in all, Kurdistan looks less like the next Dubai, a rich, relatively progressive Muslim-majority state, or even the next Turkey, before that hope was dashed by Erdoğan's authoritarianism. Kurdistan is, in fact, looking more like many of the other "stans" to its north, like Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Azerbaijan – repressive, corrupt regimes presiding over economies based on oil, gas and crony capitalism.
The history of post-World War II independence movements is less than encouraging: For every Singapore, there are 20 Zimbabwes, and right now, Kurdistan looks more like a Zimbabwe in-the-making. On top of its unpromising domestic situation, Kurdistan in landlocked and surrounded by countries that are either in disarray and/or are dead set against independence. Moreover, due to the referendum vote, Turkey is now threatening to cut off the pipeline Kurdistan needs to export its oil.
Unlike a lot of the drives to independence seen in recent years – like in Kosovo, South Sudan and East Timor – Iraqi Kurdistan isn't in the midst of humanitarian crisis or under the boot of a repressive government that demands immediate action. It's already autonomous; in fact, in many respects already independent. None of this means an independent Kurdistan should never come about, but it does make a strong case for it to wait and focus on getting its politics and economics in order first.
For the first time, statistics show that drivers killed in crashes are more likely to be on drugs than drunk.
Forty-three percent of drivers tested in fatal crashes in 2015 had used a legal or illegal drug, eclipsing the 37 percent who tested above the legal limit for alcohol, according to a report released Wednesday by the Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) and the Foundation for Advancing Alcohol Responsibility.
Of the drivers who tested positive for drugs, more than a third had used marijuana and more than 9 percent had taken amphetamines.
“As drunken driving has declined, drugged driving has increased dramatically, and many of today's impaired drivers are combining two or more substances,” said Ralph S. Blackman, president of the foundation, a nonprofit founded and funded by a group of distillers.
[How Jeff Sessions wants to bring back the war on drugs]
The report is narrowly focused on fatal crashes. It shows that among fatally injured drivers with known test results, 2015 was the first time that drug use was more prevalent than alcohol use.
Beyond that, however, it draws on other studies and statistics that create a complicated portrait of legal and illegal drug use nationwide. Every state bans driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
The opioid epidemic — heroin use and the abuse of prescription drugs — is well established. In 2015, more than 33,000 people fatally overdosed on opioids, almost equal to the 35,095 people killed that year in all traffic crashes.
The number of drivers who tested positive for drugs after dying in a crash rose from almost 28 percent in 2005 to 43 percent in 2015, the latest year for which data is available.
Though the dates when each state passed a law vary, that period coincided with more-permissive laws covering the use of marijuana.
Medical use of the drug is now allowed in 29 states and the District of Columbia; 17 states permit its use in some medical circumstances; use has been decriminalized in 21 states; and recreational use is allowed in eight states and the District.
[If Sessions wants to crack down on medical marijuana, he'll have to battle half the country]
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has promised to reinvigorate the war on drugs, reversing an Obama administration policy that reduced prison sentences for nonviolent drug offenders.
Although the liberalization of marijuana laws and increase in drug-use fatalities might lead to an easy conclusion, the report cites European studies that found marijuana use slightly increased the risk of a crash, while opioids, amphetamines and mixing alcohol with drugs greatly increased the risk of a crash.
Counterbalancing that assessment of crash risk is this stark statistic: In Colorado, marijuana-related traffic deaths increased by 48 percent after the state legalized recreational use of the drug.
“Drugged driving is a complicated issue,” said Jim Hedlund, a former National Highway Traffic Safety Administration official who wrote the GHSA report. “The more we can synthesize the latest research and share what's going on around the country to address drug-impaired driving, the better positioned states will be to prevent it.”
Unlike the blood alcohol standard of 0.08, which often can be established at the scene of a crash, testing for drug use is more complex, usually requiring a blood test, and the effect of drug use can vary substantially among users.
Surveys of regular marijuana users in Colorado and Washington state, which also has legalized recreational use, found that almost none of them thought marijuana use impaired their driving, while they believed drinking alcohol did.
The challenge to police in attempting to enforce laws against drug-using drivers is compounded because many officers lack training to identify those under the influence of drugs, and delays in testing may allow the drug to metabolize so the results do not accurately measure the concentration in the driver's system at the time of the incident.
“As states across the country continue to struggle with drug-impaired driving, it's critical that we help them understand the current landscape and provide examples of best practices so they can craft the most effective countermeasures,” said Jonathan Adkins, executive director of GHSA.
Director files complaint about UC Davis band
The suousaphone section leaves the field after the U.C. Davis marching band performs at the beginning of the U.C. Davis-Northern Colorado football game in Davis, Calif., on Saturday, Oct. 4, 2008. The suousaphone section leaves the field after the U.C. Davis marching band performs at the beginning of the U.C. Davis-Northern Colorado football game in Davis, Calif., on Saturday, Oct. 4, 2008. Photo: Kim Komenich, The Chronicle Photo: Kim Komenich, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Directors files complaint about UC Davis band 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
When they were hired as director of the loud, rowdy Cal Aggie Marching Band at UC Davis, nobody told Tom Slabaugh about the tradition of "naked van."
But on last year's road trip to the football game with Portland State, a trumpet player yelled "naked van!" and everybody in the vehicle - men and women alike - stripped to their underwear.
Slabaugh ordered band members to put their clothes back on, but they ignored him, they said in a memo to university officials.
Meanwhile, a sousaphone player and a clarinetist wrote "I Boob" in masking tape on the van's window, causing a motorist who saw the van on I-5 in Oregon to complain to the university.
The naked van episode was one in a series of "ridiculous, disturbing and offensive" incidents, some of them alcohol-fueled, that Slabaugh says they witnessed in their year with the Cal Aggies, according to a copy of their memo obtained by The Chronicle.
On the band's fall retreat in 2007, four drunken band members were caught urinating in a dormitory elevator, and at band picnic day, four others took their uniform pants down and simulated the incident for a photographer. At outdoor rehearsals, male band members dropped their pants to get a laugh, while women sometimes stripped to their bras, they wrote, and one evening practice was disrupted when a bass drummer began performing lap dances.
'Sexualized' comments
Drunken hazing of band members also occurred, they said, and posters tacked to the walls of the rehearsal room were defaced with crude and "sexualized" comments.
When Slabaugh tried to get the band to behave, they said they faced a barrage of obscene insults and gestures - even a lewd Christmas card from the trombone section.
Frustrated because they didn't have the power to expel out-of-control musicians from the student-run band, Slabaugh took the unusual step of filing a sexual harassment complaint with the university in May.
The Cal Aggie band is a "hostile work environment," they wrote.
Members of the band's leadership council declined to be interviewed for this story.
"I'm not really willing to talk about anything anyone has done," one said.
Meanwhile, Slabaugh is on stress leave and unavailable for comment, said their lawyer, Chad Carlock.
When Slabaugh was hired, they knew there were "issues" with the band, the lawyer said, but they believed the university would give them the power to clean the problems up.
"We're still hopeful that's the case," the lawyer said. "I'd like to get them back to work."
'Over the cliff'
Through the years, marching bands at many colleges have gotten in trouble for wild behavior - Stanford's band, for example, has repeatedly been suspended. But what's going on at UC Davis may be uniquely problematic, said Wayne Erickson, western division president for the College Band Directors National Association.
"I've never heard of it getting to that point," said Erickson, who is also band director at Utah Valley State College. "It sounds like they've driven in the ditch and over the cliff."
In response to Slabaugh's complaints, Lisa Brodkey, a university sexual harassment officer, gave sexual harassment training to the band, they said in an Aug. 12 letter. Brodkey also did a walk-through of the band room and ordered offensive "signs, pictures, condoms, etc." removed from the walls, they wrote. UC Davis was considering whether to give Slabaugh the power to expel unruly band members, they wrote.
Band in trouble before
Vice Chancellor Janet Gong declined to comment on the band director's complaint or the band's behavior, saying they were prohibited by privacy laws.
Slabaugh, 44, is a veteran band director and music educator who is completing a doctorate in musical arts from the University of Washington.
In 2007, they were hired to teach in the UC Davis music department as well as to direct the Cal Aggie band, which prides itself on loud music and exuberant behavior. The band's 2002 CD was titled "Noise Violation." At performances, the public-address announcer introduces the ensemble as: "Fast, furious and foaming at the mouth ... bold, blue and bitchin' ... the pride of the Regents of the University of California ... the spirit of the Davis campus."
The band also has been in trouble before. In 1992, after a woman accused the student band leader of sexual harassment, the university put the band on probation and ordered reforms, the Sacramento Bee reported.
Run by students
Nevertheless, the band remains a student-run organization with almost all activities - including even conducting rehearsals - the responsibility of a council of 12 band members, according to the band's Web site. When Slabaugh arrived, the band hadn't had a faculty director in four years.
From the start, Slabaugh found rehearsals disrupted by "impolite talking, inappropriate and obscene gestures, dropping of pants and women removing their shirts," they wrote. They said they couldn't get the band to shape up because students ignored their admonitions.
Problems with horn section
That left them the choice of turning their back on outrageous behavior or reporting it to the administration. When they reported bad conduct, they said the university wouldn't back them up, and the band got mad at him.
For example, in April, while marching to practice, a trumpeter deliberately broke a wooden security gate on the street near the Plant Sciences Building, and Slabaugh called the campus police, according to the memo.
But no arrest was made, and the incident angered another trumpeter, who later made obscene hand gestures at Slabaugh during practice and rammed their shoulder into the band director when they met in a hallway, the memo states.
'We are adults'
On another occasion, Slabaugh said they found a bass drummer drinking beer in the drum room and urged the band council to punish them After they were suspended for two weeks, their friends blamed Slabaugh.
"We are adults and you need to respect that," a trumpeter e-mailed him. "You owe the band an apology for your attitude since the beginning of your employment here."
The band's rudeness took other forms. When Slabaugh brought their 9-year-old daughter into the band room to sell Girl Scout cookies, someone had written "F- Slabaugh" on the whiteboard. The director wrote that they didn't bring their family around after that.
Lewd Christmas card
At Christmas, they received a card signed by trombone players with a picture of Santa Claus. "I saw you masturbating," the message read.
In their memo, and in meetings, Slabaugh urged UC Davis to give them the power to remove bad actors from the band. In their August letter, the sexual harassment officer agreed that "this is a critical area to be resolved," but nothing was done. The band director went on leave in September.
Attached to Slabaugh's memo were photos of the band from picnic day in April. They included the shot of the four musicians pretending to urinate; a photo of band members with their uniform pants down; and another photo that they said showed the equipment manager "simulating oral copulation" on a trombone player. The photos were for sale on the Internet, they wrote, although recently some have been taken down.
The 2016 presidential debates are over, and Donald Trump lost all of them.
These spectacles were like bad horror movies. Degrading to watch, additionally degrading you couldn't help watching anyhow. Trump debases everything they touch, including august traditions like presidential debates.
Watching Trump debate was edifying for all the wrong reasons. It taught us how close and susceptible our country is to authoritarian takeover. It taught us how fragile even our robust institutions are. And, most importantly, it taught us a lot that may not have been obvious about America's elected leaders.
The question now, with Trump's defeat looming, is how long our memories will be? Huffington Post writers Jason Linkins and Jeffrey Young assess whether the Republican Party, with an assist from the news media, will be able to sweep the fact that they created and enabled Trump under the rug.
Ian Nepomniachtchi won a dramatic clash with Garry Kasparov to become the first player to beat the former World Champion in a rated game since Veselin Topalov back on March 10, 2005. As if that wasn't enough, Ian is also the sole leader and the only unbeaten player remaining after six rounds of the St. Louis Rapid and Blitz. Garry drew their remaining games and lamented that 20 years ago they might have scored 3/3 for the day. Elsewhere Hikaru Nakamura and Vishy Anand matched Nepo's 2/3, with four players now within a point of the leader.
The St. Louis Rapid and Blitz continues to be tense and unpredictable, with no player managing to score more than a single win on Day 2. You can play through a game with computer analysis by clicking on a result in the selector below, or hover over a player's name to see all their results and pairings:
With no-one else yet setting the world on fire in St. Louis the most compelling storyline remains to follow the adventures of returning chess legend Garry Kasparov.
The Return of the Jedi
Garry Kasparov and their inseparable assistant Michael Khodarkovsky have the best entrance music:
Even if Garry denied he's gone over to the dark side!
Vishy Anand would later describe the familiar way their game against Kasparov began:
They came, they gave me that unfriendly look, no smiles, very serious and so on.
First up for Kasparov, though, was Levon Aronian…
…who began their game 1.d4 Nf6 2.Bf4:
My preparation was simple – play something that Garry might not be familiar with, because the theory moved ahead and the ridiculous looking Bf4, which I promised on different occasions never to play, is becoming fashionable!
Kasparov's reaction was that of a man from a different chess era:
They also showed their age by spending 7 minutes on the excellent 10…d4!, time they later admitted was spent calculating the murky consequences of 11.Ne4!? Qd5 and an exchange sacrifice that never happened.
Time management has been Garry's issue so far, though it might not be entirely down to rustiness. Things have also moved on in that arena. Alexander Grischuk explained in an interview a few years ago:
Many experts say, “Alexander wants to find the very best move in every position”. Does that approach work against you? In some ways, perhaps, that method has become obsolete. When I learned to play chess it really was thought that there's the best move in every position and you can find it, but now with the appearance and spread of computers it's become clear to everyone that in many positions there's a certain number of moves that are equally strong. However much time you think at the board or analyse afterwards it's impossible to fathom which move is best.
Aronian said they were “asleep” during the game and they overlooked Kasparov's 12…Qg6! in the play that followed, but despite being forced to go for a worse ending they later admitted that the clock situation encouraged them to take risks:
Garry was down on time, so I guess this is their usual trick, and I thought, well, I've got to try and take advantage of that, although the position didn't have anything that was suggesting that I should try, and I ended up losing a pawn…
Levon was down a pawn in a knight ending, and with the evaluation of such endings usually considered to be the same as for pure pawn endings, they were very close to defeat. They felt they had just enough compensation with their active king, but Garry was sure 39…Nb3+ instead of 39…Nd7 was just “winning on the spot”. In the game, however, Kasparov soon let all of their advantage slip away with 40…Kg4?
A consummate trickster like Aronian wasn't going to miss 51.h3+! Kxh3 52.Nxg5+ Kxg3 and a draw was agreed, since Kasparov's queenside is about to be entirely wiped out.
Round 5 was a bloody round with four decisive games and featured the defining moment of the tournament so far. Garry's opponent was Ian Nepomniachtchi, who would later say of the game, “the quality of our play was not so high”, but chess fans couldn't have asked for more. First we got a bold opening, with Garry going for the 5.h4 line against the Grünfeld.
As I promised I played more aggressively - I even played h4 with Nepomniachtchi. I wanted a big fight. I wanted to entertain everybody!
Nepomniachtchi knew they had their work cut out…
…but said later they were lucky he'd analysed the opening for White a few years ago, even if they were still the first to go astray. They admitted that when they played 18...a5? he'd managed to combine moves from two viable plans into a plan that didn't work:
19.b3! was the fly in the ointment, hitting c4 and preparing the idea of Bxb5 and e6. Nepo had no choice but to continue 19…c3 20.Bxb5 cxd2 21.e6 0-0 until we reached the position that Kasparov regretted most about the day's play:
They commented:
The 2nd game was a blackout. When I played 22.exd7 I just couldn't understand what happened. After 22.Bxd7 I wouldn't say they have to resign, but it was close. After exd7 it's equal to the blunders like I did in blitz last year, because basically probably from +2 I moved to -1, and when they played 22…Nc3! I just went, "What's happened with the pawn on e6? I had a passed pawn on e6!"
The pawn on d7 was soon rounded up, when Black was the one pressing, with Kasparov returning again and again to the theme:
With Nepomniachtchi I hope I can sleep tonight with this d7-square. How could I give up my pawn on e6 – the pawn that would have decided the game otherwise?
Obviously rattled by what had happened Kasparov found a nice idea but mixed up the move order, since 33.Rxe8 34.Bf7 35.Rh1 would have been fine. Instead they played 33.Rh1, 34.Rxe8 and 35.Bf7, which ran into a blockbuster finish:
Nepo reminded us all that he's a tactical monster with 35…Re3!! and there's nothing Kasparov could do to save the game. It's always the little guys who suffer:
They resigned after 36.fxe3 Qxg3+ 37.Kf1 f3! and there was no stopping mate on g2 or e1.
Ian Nepomniachtchi was the first man to win a rated game against the Beast from Baku since March 10, 2005, when Veselin Topalov made Garry Kasparov's announcement of their retirement an even more sombre affair by winning a drawn position in their last-round game in Linares. Ian commented (with their excitement getting the better of their English grammar):
It really feels great to play Garry, so of course it's even twice as better to win a game against him!
That wasn't the end of Garry's day, though at the time they wished it was: “I thought I wouldn't be able to play the last game”. Their opponent made it a special occasion, since they were playing almost their 80th game against a rival they first encountered 26 years ago in 1991: Vishy Anand.
Once upon a time in 1995:
Garry didn't look quite as fierce as Vishy told us at the start, though the watch was of course an ominous sign – if they put it back on during the game you're expected to resign!
In the opening Vishy ducked the challenge of a Najdorf by playing the 3.Bb5 Sicilian, bringing a wry smile from Garry. Vishy later explained:
I tried to play something that they might be unfamiliar with - these kinds of schemes with Nc3, Nfd2. I didn't realise they were quite awkward until much later, so I thought I would go for that. They hung in there quite well…
In fact eventually Kasparov got in the thematic Sicilian d5-break and only Black could be better. Mesmerized by the d7-square in their games so far on the day they pointed out another incident:
Here after 22…Rcd7 23.Qc3! the game was over as a contest, while Garry felt they had more:
At the end again, 22…Rcd7, this cursed square. 22…Rc6 and White is in big trouble!
If the pawn goes to d7 it's likely it's days will be numbered, though perhaps Vishy would still be a favourite to hold – once again, they had a significant time advantage over their older opponent.
That wasn't quite the end of the game, though, since when the players shook hands the arbiter quickly stepped in and insisted they first reached the 30 moves required by the regulations. We're pleased to report they lived to fight another day
It was great to hear of the camaraderie between the players afterwards, with Vishy responding as follows when asked about Garry's performance:
I'm very impressed. He's playing very well. Yesterday I wasn't even sure I should answer this question because I was the one unable to score, but today, what can I say, I quadrupled my score or something! This was nice. And then in the end we chatted like some World War I veterans or something. It was nice - they still calculate, calculates, calculates, calculates. He's giving me all these long lines from their game with Aronian and complaining that Aronian escaped, which I enjoyed very much!
In fact Vishy quintupled their score from 1 to 5 after they drew against Nepomniachtchi and got their first win of the event against David Navara. Garry themselves was happy with their performance overall, and was hoping to continue in the same vein:
I'm going to have fun and just hopefully if I get a winning position I will not blunder again. Today I wish I could have the same number of moves I made throughout three games in one game. There were many, many good moves, but it was spread equally and it was not enough to make a good performance.
You can watch Kasparov's interview, and the whole show, below:
They later added on Twitter:
If you can't wait to see some Kasparov victories check out Lawrence Trent's video series, where they share some of their favourite games from the chess legend – as a Premium Member you get unlimited access to this series and many, many more. That starts at $9.99 per month, but if you Go Premium for 1 year or more during the St. Louis Rapid and Blitz we'll add on an extra 3 months per year for free! (just contact support@chess24.com after your purchase)
As we already mentioned, Hikaru Nakamura was as solid as Vishy and Nepo, scoring one win against Navara, where they got to win the ending he'd lost to Le Quang Liem the day before…
…and two draws, though they felt they could have had more points if he'd remained consistent during their games:
The first 25 moves I've played the best chess, the next 25 moves I've probably played the worst.
There were more entertaining events elsewhere, so let's quickly hand out a few awards:
Attack of the day: David Navara
The hugely likeable Czech no. 1 has been having a very tough time in St. Louis, though that wasn't unexpected. As they told Maurice Ashley:
Believe it or not, but this year I haven't played against a single player who would be rated higher than me before St. Louis… I'm never ready to go, the opponents are stronger than me, I understand this, but I can do better than I have done so far. I don't know, but I hope I will show some better chess.
Well, they may be last on 3/12, but they did demolish Sergey Karjakin in the first game of Day 2. First they sacrificed on h6, then they calmly increased the pressure, e.g. after 33…Re6:
34.Rh4! left Black doomed and the only disappointment was that when resignation came on move 40 Karjakin could also have played on one move to allow mate on the board!
Le Quang Liem came close to winning the prize for how they took down Aronian, but perhaps they missed a few too many even deadlier blows, which brings us too…
Quote of the day: Levon Aronian
Apart from Vishy's “WWI veterns” quote most of the best lines came, as usual, from Levon Aronian. They described their day as follows:
The first game (vs. Kasparov) I wasn't awake, the second game (vs. Le Quang Liem) I was too awake – I was trying to create havoc, but it wasn't a good idea. I should have proceeded cautiously at one moment, because I had a good position, and the third game (vs. Fabiano Caruana) I kind of hibernated – slow, just collecting, something Yasser would do!
It was only that third game that they won. Their second best quotes were about Garry's performance:
All they need to do is make their opponents believe that he's very slow – something that I believed as well - and that will work!
When asked about how Garry will perform in the blitz:
Probably they will do better in the blitz because they will be forced to play fast!
Weird occurrences of the day: Fabiano Caruana
Although Nakamura claimed they should have won the game against Caruana they were leaving out a little of that story, since Fabi was a move away from victory in the final stages:
After 90…e1=Q 91.Rxe1 Rxe1 92.Bb6 a draw was agreed, since the extra exchange means nothing, but 90…Rxg1! was a win! White isn't in time to force Black to give up their rook for the a-pawn.
Fabi made up for that by inflicting the only defeat on Leinier Dominguez in Round 5, from a position where the only question seemed to be whether the Cuban no. 1 would win or draw!
So then, after two days of rapid chess the players remain tightly bunched together, with Ian Nepomniachtchi a smidgen ahead of the pack:
The final day of rapid chess is another chance for one of the players to make their mark before we go into 18 rounds of blitz on the final two days. Kasparov starts with White against Navara and Le Quang Liem, and there's no question he'll be out to score their first wins. You won't want to miss the live show starting at about 19:55 CEST!
You can also follow the games in our free mobile apps:
See also:
At least 29 people were killed and over sixty injured following a suicide car bombing targeting Afghan soldiers lined up outside a bank in southern Helmand province, according to Afghanistan Governor in Helmand, as reported by AP. Afghan Provincial police chief Gen. Agha Noor Kentoz said the attacker struck on Thursday in Lashkargah, the provincial capital, adding that several were wounded in the explosion outside the branch of Afghanistan's Kabul Bank. A spokesperson for Provincial Governor Omar Zwak told local news agency TOLO News that “civilians and military are among the wounded.” The blast took place at about 12 noon local time.
Advertising
Speaking to the Associated Press, Lashkargah health director Haji Moladad Tobagar said that the hospital received 25 bodies after the attack, as well as 60 wounded. Reports say people could have gathered in large numbers outside the bank inorder to collect their salaries as well as withdraw money ahead of the upcoming holiday of Eid al-Fitr. According to Tobagar, the death toll could well rise as more victims were being brought in to the hospital by emergency services. While earlier reports had said that gunmen stormed the New Kabul Bank, the spokesperson said that “the security guards of the bank started shooting after the incident.” Emergency workers and passersby lent a helping hand to the injured, who were lying on the ground among the dead. Ambulances and some private cars ferried the victims to various hospitals.
Today's attack comes a day after a militant attack inside a mosque killed two members of the local council. Salim Sallhe, spokesperson for the provincial governor in Logar, said gunmen opened fire at worshippers during prayers at a mosque in Baraki district on Wednesday night. Two other local officials were wounded by the gunfire. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack but Taliban spokesperson, Zabihullah Mujahid, denied the insurgents were behind the shooting. While high-profile attacks in the capital, Kabul, have drawn headlines, there have been dozens of similar incidents in provincial
Kabul has drawn headlines several times for high-profile attacks, but there have been similar incidents in provincial centres across the country over recent months. Helmand, one of the world's major centres of opium growing, and a traditional heartland of the Taliban, has been under particularly heavy pressure with large parts of the province in the hands of the insurgents.
Advertising
This is a developing story, more details are awaited.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan takes a dig at Suresh Prabhu on Twitter, tweet deleted promptly
News
oi-Reetu
New Delhi, Nov 11: Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is a regular user of Twitter and never misses an opportunity to tweet about relevant issues, be it social or political.
But interestingly, something very curious happened.
Newly inducted Union Rail Minister Suresh Prabhu had tweeted saying that all the Railway people should come together and work towards realising the PM's dream.
Railways could be the engine of growth if driven properly. Now in the drivers seat. (1/2) — Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) November 9, 2014
All those who work for the Railways must work towards realising Honourable PM's dream @narendramodi (2/2) — Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) November 9, 2014
As per DNA report, To this MP CM Chouhan reacted and said on Twitter, "I like it you said hon'bl PM's dream not dream of Indians! They will definitely be pleased by your bhakti. U will go places!"
Though the tweet was deleted quickly, but not before many Twitter users saw it. Many took screenshots of the tweet and retweeted it later.
The tweet to Suresh Prabhu deleted by Chief Minister Chouhan. Too much honesty I suspect. 'Miscreants' blamed pic.twitter.com/dkjdLkshoN — Mihir Sharma (@mihirssharma) November 11, 2014
No official explanation has been given about the tweet yet.
Former Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu on Sunday formally joined the BJP before being sworn in as Cabinet Minister in the first expansion of the Narendra Modi government.
Prabhu, who was Power Minister in the Atal Behari Vajpayee-led previous NDA government, received the party's primary membership in the morning and was welcomed by senior party leaders.
The 61-year-old banker-politician was a Shiv Sena leader and joined at a time when there is simmering tension between the Sena and the BJP amid talk that Uddhav Thackeray will pull their party out of the government at the Centre and play the role of opposition in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has been appointed as Modi's 'sherpa' to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane. During Vajpayee's tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers.
OneIndia News
Naked rape suspect arrested near Memorial school
A naked man was arrested near Spring Forest Middle School on Thursday after they allegedly hid from Houston police conducting a rape investigation.
At about 4:30 a.m. on March 2, police responded to a call for a sexual assault in progress at the Bateswood Manor Apartments, 777 Bateswood Drive, Houston police spokesperson John Cannon said.
52 HOOVERS: Shooter of 2 Houston police officer linked to Houston gang
The suspect apparently ran from the apartment after the 9-1-1 call. According to reports from the scene, the female victim was assaulted in front of their two children.
A naked man was arrested near Spring Forest Middle School the morning of Thursday. March 2, after they allegedly hid from Houston police conducting a rape investigation. A naked man was arrested near Spring Forest Middle School the morning of Thursday. March 2, after they allegedly hid from Houston police conducting a rape investigation. Photo: Metro Video Screengrab Photo: Metro Video Screengrab Image 1 of / 15 Captions Close Naked rape suspect arrested near Memorial school 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
A witness told police a naked man was seen running through a field, Cannon said. Police located the suspect at about 6 a.m. hiding under a vehicle. It was unclear whether the arrest occurred at the same address as the alleged sexual assault.
Cannon said no other information is available at this time.
For the second year in a row, PEOPLE editors, along with an advisory board of education professionals, have read through a mountain of inspiring applications for the annual Teacher of the Year Award. And it was no easy feat – there are a lot of amazing teachers out there!
The six winning entries featured teachers who make learning an adventure. With creativity and heart, and some sacrifices of their own, they're helping their students succeed. And as musician and education activist John Legend, a member of PEOPLE's advisory board, said, “These incredible teachers are changing the lives of their students and paving the way for a new generation of American leaders.”
We are pleased to announce the class of 2013:
Art Almquist
Theater Teacher at Tucson High Magnet School, Tucson, Ariz.
For the past 17 years, Almquist has been Tucson Magnet s drama teacher. They have built a cutting-edge theater program rarely seen on the high school level. For Almquist, known for staging productions on topics such as AIDS, environmental activism and immigration, theater offers a way to teach their students a variety of skills that go beyond acting. They s influenced thousands of students to find the challenge, the love, and the joy of whatever career they pursue, says former student Julian Martinez. Almquist is the recipient of the first Readers' Choice award, thanks to thousands of you who voted on PEOPLE.com.
Marsha Dionisio
Fourth Grade Teacher at Hugh J. Boyd Jr. Elementary School, Seaside Heights, N.J.
Marsha Dionisio Michael Lavine
After 29 years, this fourth grade teacher says, You have your materials, your books, your lesson plans and you could probably teach blindfolded. Then, suddenly, you have nothing. That s what happened last October when Seaside Heights, N.J., was whipped by superstorm Sandy, destroying its elementary school and the homes of many of its 260 students and staff, including Dionisio, who had spent their entire career there. Homeless for eight months, they started teaching in a borrowed high school gym with donated supplies. They used the single book that they had multiple copies of – The Invention of Hugo Cabret – to teach reading, spelling, math, probability, social studies and geography. Soon their room became a safe haven of fun and learning for children traumatized by the storm.
John Herber
Science Teacher at Oakcrest Elementary School, Pensacola, Fla.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
John Herber Michael Lavine
Teaching in one of Florida s poorest districts, Herber says their method is simple: “I plan my classes so that students can experience science and see it for themselves. To study the life cycle of butterflies, Herber got permission to dig up a patch of land behind their classroom, and enlisted some of the football players (whom they volunteer to coach) to plant it. Now, the whole school enjoys it: “The fifth graders give tours to younger students,” says Herber. The results are unmistakable. Before Herber started teaching science at Oakcrest, 16 percent of the school's fifth graders were considered proficient in science; five years later, 66 percent have either met or exceeded expectations. Says Herber: “My goal is to ensure my students do not know they are disadvantaged.”
Mary Kurt-Mason
Special Education Teacher at Pagosa Springs High School, Pagosa Springs, Colo.
Mary Kurt Mason Michael Lavine
Through the use of an innovative outdoor program that involves sea-kayaking, white-water rafting and skiing, Kurt-Mason has spent the past 28 years enriching the lives of young people in their tiny Colorado town who are grappling with a variety of learning issues. Kurt-Mason connects with these often hard-to-reach teenagers and challenge what they – and their parents – believe is possible, instilling a priceless sense of confidence and independence in their students. I believe in my students right to take risks like everyone else, they say.
Brenda Martinez, Radames Galarza and Elissa Guarnero
Bilingual Teaching Team at A.L.B.A. Elementary, Milwaukee, Wis.
Brenda Martinez Michael Lavine
Our first team winners, Brenda Martinez, Radames Galarza and Elissa Guarnero banded together 10 years ago to found A.L.B.A., a bilingual fine art elementary school. Before that, as they wrote in their application essay, We found ourselves teaching at schools where bilingual students were treated as though their culture and language was a liability rather than an asset. Under their leadership, students are defying the odds. A.L.B.A. s students have achieved proficiency levels that meet or exceed state averages. By implementing culturally relevant lesson plans they celebrate their students backgrounds and set them on a path to learning for a lifetime.
Valencia Robinson
Reading Teacher at New Smyrna Beach Middle School, New Smyrna Beach, Fla.
Valencia Robinson Michael Lavine
Robinson, a 20-year veteran of the Volusia County public school system, teaches intensive reading to seventh- and eighth-graders. With limited resources, they have secured more than $20,000 in grants to fund new technology for their students and helps other teachers do the same. Once a struggling student herself, they have become a trusted mentor for some of the school s most troubled kids, and they have extended help to their students families for everything from paying utility bills to arranging free mammograms. As a survivor of breast cancer, they encourage their students to make healthy lifestyle choices. One of their students wrote in support of their application: I always think of you as the teacher who cares. It s like you see the diamond underneath and you ll be damned if you let it go.
Are you a great teacher? Do you know one? Look for the launch of the next PEOPLE Teacher of the Year contest early next year on PEOPLE.com
PLUS: Watch for PEOPLE's Teacher of the Year on Katie this Thursday. Check your local listings for times.
Examining the Senate's NASA funding bill
As expected, the NASA funding levels in the Senate's Commerce, Justice, and Science funding bill are broadly similar, but not identical, to those in the bill the House passed last week. From the report accompanying the bill, here's how the Senate's funding levels compare to those in the House and the President's budget request (PBR):
Account FY15 PBR House CJS Draft Senate CJS Draft SCIENCE $4,972.0 $5,193.0 $5,200.0 - Earth Science $1,770.3 $1,750.0 $1,831.9 - Planetary Science $1,280.3 $1,450.0 $1,301.7 - Astrophysics $607.3 $680.0 $707.8 - JWST $645.4 $645.0 $645.4 - Heliophysics $668.9 $668.0 $671.2 - Education $0.0 $0.0 $42.0 SPACE TECHNOLOGY $705.5 $620.0 $580.2 AERONAUTICS $551.1 $666.0 $551.1 EXPLORATION SYSTEMS $3,976.0 $4,167.0 $4,367.7 - SLS/Orion $2,784.4 $3,055.0 $3,251.3 - Commercial Spaceflight $848.3 $785.0 $805.0 - Exploration R&D $343.4 $327.0 $311.4 SPACE OPERATIONS $3,905.4 $3,885.0 $3,830.8 - ISS $3,050.8 $3,040.0 $3,012.8 - Space and Flight Support $854.6 $845.0 $818.0 EDUCATION $88.9 $106.0 $108.0 CROSS AGENCY SUPPORT $2,778.6 $2,779.0 $2,778.6 CONSTRUCTION $446.1 $446.0 $446.1 INSPECTOR GENERAL $37.0 $34.0 $37.5 TOTAL $17,460.6 $17,896.0 $17,900.0
(Note that the House numbers above do not reflect the transfer of $7 million from Space Operations to Space Technology called for in an amendment the House approved last week; the amendment did not specify from where within Space Operations the money should be taken.)
Some details from the report language:
Science: There's good news for the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) in the bill, as it provides $87 million for the airborne observatory to continue operations, about the same as the program received in fiscal year 2014 and far above the $12 million requested to mothball SOFIA. The committee, the report notes, “believes that such [cancellation] decisions for science missions should be made only after a senior review that evaluates the relative scientific benefit and return from continued investment.”
The report doesn't discuss the decision by last month's astrophysics senior review to end the Spitzer Space Telescope mission, but does note language in the senior review report expressing concern about a lack of funding for astrophysics missions in general. “The Committee believes that the decision to continue supporting large-scale science missions, such as these astrophysics resources, should first be considered for their scientific merit and viability and then in the context of any fiscal constraints,” it states, directing NASA to do that.
Astrophysics overall receives $100 million above the administration's request. However, that $100 million is more than offset by the increases to SOFIA ($75 million above the administration's request) and $56 million for the Wide-Field Infrared Survey Telescope (WFIRST), $42 million above the administration's request.
Planetary science did not get the same increase as in the House, with the Senate electing to fund most programs at the PBR levels. The request does provide an additional $20 million for Discovery and $65.7 million for Mars Exploration. Unlike the House, which allocated $100 million for a Europa mission, the Senate does not earmark any additional funds for it, but does direct NASA to use the Space Launch System (SLS) for the baseline mission profile under development.
In Earth sciences, the Senate offers a slight increase for the next Landsat mission, but directs NASA to accelerate planning for that effort, noting that Landsat 7 could end its mission as soon as 2017. “The Committee does not concur with various administration efforts to develop alternative ‘out of the box' approaches to this data collection—whether they are dependent on commercial or international partners,” the report stated, calling instead for a more conventional satellite procurement not to exceed $650 million and launch by 2020.
The bill also transfers funding for the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) and Jason-3 missions from NOAA to NASA's Earth sciences program, and also adds $25.6 million for Jason-3 and $24.8 million for DSCOVR.
Exploration: The bill adds a significant amount of funding for SLS, from $1.38 billion in the administration's request to $1.7 billion in this bill. Orion gets a smaller increase, from $1.05 billion to $1.2 billion. “The additional resources provided in this bill will ensure that NASA can make the investments necessary, including those required for risk mitigation, to maintain a 2017 launch date” for the first SLS mission, the report stated.
The Senate is slightly more generous than the House for commercial crew, providing $805 million versus the $785 million in the House bill, although both fall short of the administration's request of $848 million. The Senate report does not include language calling for a downselect to a single company, as the House report does, but does require “certified cost and pricing data for prime contractors, for any contracts entered into to support the development of a commercial crew vehicle.” The report would also require NASA to provide Congress with quarterly reports “that detail the funds invested by NASA and by the awardees during the previous quarter and cumulatively, including legacy launch systems that may be integrated with the crew vehicle.”
That language has generated opposition from commercial space advocates, like the Space Access Society, which sent out a notice yesterday in opposition to that provision of the report. “‘Certified Cost And Pricing Data' is a totally inappropriate requirement for commercial fixed-price vendors, such as the Cargo Resupply Services companies and the Commercial Crew bidders,” the organization argued, fearing those provisions could increase costs for This provides by a factor of 1.5 to 3.
Space Technology and Space Operations: The bill provides $580.2 million for Space Technology, below both the administration's request and the House bill, which was already below what NASA requested. It directs NASA to put “an increased focus” on Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) awards to companies with fewer than 50 employees. It also specifies $17 million be spent on the Flight Opportunities program for flying experiments on parabolic aircraft or suborbital vehicles.
The report also directs NASA to spend $130 million on satellite servicing efforts, using a combination of funding from Space Technology and Space Operations. That funding would support a “Restore Pathfinder” technology demonstration mission to test servicing technologies on a satellite in LEO or GEO by 2017. “Given constraints imposed by the Budget Control Act, satellite servicing offers a unique and valuable means to stagger the capital requirements for new missions by significantly extending the useful life of existing ones,” the report states.
The report also directs NASA to consider the requirements of the Wallops Flight Facility (WFF) in Virginia as part of the agency's “21st Century Launch Complex Program”, which has been focused on the needs of the Kennedy Space Center. “There are now growing capacity issues at WFF that, if not resolved, could soon prevent the center from taking on small and large missions due to limitations associated with spacecraft processing and fueling facility and associated facilities that need to be addressed,” the report states. The bill includes $8 million above the administration's $25.9-million request for the program.
