Traveling from California to Indonesia's Sumatra island recently was a startling journey between two lands engulfed in flames. Although a world away from each other, these two historic fire events are connected through the cause and effect of climate change and a broken system of international commodity production that will take all of us at both ends of the supply chain to fix. This will necessitate holding Western companies accountable for the consequences of their global operations.
Indonesia's fires labelled a 'crime against humanity' as 500,000 suffer Read more
The conflagrations raging out of control across Sumatra and Borneo are a global scale environmental and human rights emergency, but the players involved, from the Indonesian government, commodity producers and traders, to Western snack food companies, have so far largely failed to connect the dots to strike at the core of the problem.
If you have not flown over the region recently, it is truly difficult to grasp the immense scale and extreme implications of this tragic situation. Malaysia has begun evacuating citizens from Indonesia because the risks of prolonged exposure are so severe. Flights are cancelled daily as airports across the region shut down and in Singapore schools are being closed because the air quality is so bad it is a serious threat to human health. People are literally dying because they cannot breathe.
But the smoke crisis is not just a regional issue. The widespread burning of tropical rainforests and peatlands to develop pulpwood and palm oil plantations is one of the largest sources of carbon pollution occurring in the world today. It is estimated that the fires are producing more carbon pollution than the entire daily emissions of the United States.
Indonesia's forest fires threaten a third of world's wild orangutans Read more
According to an analysis of World Resources Institute data between the 5 and 13 of September, which is when we were in Indonesia, of the hundreds of fires burning in Sumatra, 37% were at that point on pulpwood concessions, most of which supply the logging giant Asia Pulp and Paper (APP). Most of the rest originate in or near palm oil plantations, many of which are connected through the big palm oil traders that purchase from them to the supply chains of international food companies, including those dubbed the Snack Food 20.
Many of these fires are a direct result of the industrial manipulation of the landscape for plantation development. Palm oil giants are accused of displacing local communities from their land and livelihood, opening up massive peat swamps with road building and forest clearance and installing extensive networks of canals. The lowering of the water table by peat canals dries out the land and allows fires to burn in areas where they would never naturally occur.
Companies like APP are quick to accuse small farmers and villagers of lighting many of the fires. Even if that is true, the displacement of communities and the drainage of peatlands by large scale plantation companies is ultimately responsible for the allowing these fires to take place. Communities whose forest-dependent subsistence livelihoods have been disrupted by plantation development often turn to clearing what land they can find, using the only cost-effective method available to them: fire.
Forest fires in Indonesia choke much of south-east Asia Read more
Solving this crisis is not about fighting fires. Extinguishing thousands of peat blazes across thousands of square miles of remote tropical landscape is hugely expensive and ultimately unfeasible. The only real solution is to prevent them from occurring in the first place.
The first and most basic change needed is a total halt to plantation development on peatlands and remaining natural forests. Peat swamp soil is the result of thousands of years of accumulation of organic material. Left alone, it is one of the most effective landscapes on earth for sequestering carbon. But when drained and ignited, it releases a carbon bomb into the atmosphere.
This will require the Indonesian government to stop issuing permits on peat and for big brands to stop buying from bad actors that refuse to change.
Indonesia arrests seven company executives for illegal forest fires Read more
The Indonesian government must aggressively prosecute offending companies. Permits for plantation development are granted at a screaming deal to companies that make large profits from the privilege. Using fire to clear forests is already illegal under Indonesian law, but enforcement has been so lax that no one fears punishment. This means revoking permits, arresting executives and levying serious fines.
It is crucial for all major brands that source palm oil from Indonesia - especially laggards like PepsiCo and Kraft Heinz that have yet to adopt truly responsible palm oil commitments - to finally break the link between their products and this destruction by eliminating third party suppliers that refuse to change.
It is clear the market and investors are the main forces these companies answer to and recent campaign successes have shown the power of consumer outcry to bring about corporate commitments on these issues. Consumers in the West bear a responsibility to exercise their influence to demand these companies pass strong policies and implement them fully.
US forests under threat as demand for wood-based biofuels grows - report Read more
From the wildfires in California to rising sea levels in New York, we stand to lose as much here from out of control climate change as those suffocating right now in Southeast Asia. Linked through global economics and a shared atmosphere, we must work together to do the hard work necessary to stop the downward spiral these fires represent.
Starts: Apr 21st 10:00:00 AM (PDT) / Apr 21st 5:00:00 PM (UTC)
Ends: Apr 25th 10:00:00 AM (PDT) / Apr 25th 5:00:00 PM (UTC)
Roughneck Leaderboard
It's time to see who among you can pilot your way to the top of the Leaderboards in the new Roughneck 'Mech!
A Roughneck "Worksite Radio" Warhorn Cockpit Item will be awarded to all players who place in the Top 25 of any Roughneck Leaderboards in which they participate.
A Roughneck "Hook" Hanging Cockpit Item will be awarded to all players who place in the Top 50 of any Roughneck Leaderboards in which they participate.
A Roughneck "Oil Derrick" Standing Cockpit Item will be awarded to all players who place in the Top 75 of any Roughneck Leaderboards in which they participate.
Leaderboard progress statuses are updated every hour. Rewards will be injected into eligible accounts upon the conclusion of the Leaderboard Event.
Leaderboard Event Conditions
The February 2010 issue of Wired Magazine in Italian has run a cover story on Netsukuku, a fractal address system for a cloud of user maintained, linked computers forming a p2p network.
The Netsukuku project is based on the idea of exploiting the potential of WiFi connectivity, linking the PCs of wireless communities to act as routers, forming a network that could become as large or larger than the current Internet.
Netsukuku is an ad-hoc network forming software built around an address system designed to handle massive numbers of nodes while requiring minimal CPU and memory resources. It could be used to build a world-wide distributed, fault-tolerant, anonymous, and censorship-resistant network, fully independent of the Internet. Netsukuku does not rely upon backbones, routers or internet service providers nor any other centralized system, although it may take advantage of existing systems of this nature to augment unity and connectivity of the existing Netsukuku network.
New Netsukuku users need to do little more than install an antenna within range of other local nodes and run the Netsukuku software on their computer to link themselves into the network. The number of interconnected nodes can grow almost infinitely. If a node is outside the range of another node's WiFi signal, a "virtual tunnel" over the normal Internet connection will supplant the missing radio link.
(More in the Netsukuku FAQ)
Here is a summary, freely adapted from the Italian Wired article:
The originator of Netsukuku is Andrea Lo Pumo, 21 years old and just out of Catania University with a degree in mathematics. Andrea is a long time member of freaknet, an association of proud hackers and computer geeks and the name, Netsukuku, is a heavily 'nipponized' version of the term 'network' - adopted for its uniqueness and because the boys at freaknet are fans of all things Japanese.
"Freaknet is a meeting point for developers and technology enthusiasts like myself," says Andrea. "We discuss file sharing, peer to peer, digitalization of information and the use of wireless networks. Some years ago we realized that the broad availability of wireless and similar technologies creates millions of miniature wireless broad band networks which could be seen as 'connectivity bubbles' that essentially are active all around us. During one of our discussions, an idea was born: Would it be possible, using p2p and wireless technologies, to gain independence from internet providers and make free and open net connectivity for all a reality? Could a local anonymous network be built that would connect all of our wireless devices and that could function even in the absence of a connection with the 'greater internet'?"
What would be needed, they thought, would be a user-generated p2p network which did not need central servers or routers to direct traffic. The network would be distributed, user controlled and self-configuring but it would support and could be connected to the 'greater internet' using the same protocols and services. In that way, every one of those bubbles could be an independent and perfectly functional network. The problem was that current addressing technology did not allow network nodes to be connected to all the others without running into limitations of memory and processing power.
New mathematical tools were needed and so Andrea went on to study mathematics to acquire the knowledge necessary for developing a new protocol. Using chaos theory and fractals, Netsukuku, occupying only kilobytes of memory, will eventually allow every device to function as a network node. The software will run on Linux computers and is to be issued under a Gnu/Gpl license. In theory, the protocol will be able to support up to a billion nodes using a very light mapping algorithm, but it has not been tested on a large scale yet. As a matter of fact, there is no functioning release so far, but a first Python implementation seems to be just around the corner.
Netsukuku's address system is called Andna (A Netsukuku domain name architecture). Others, perhaps a bit maliciously, re-named it Abnormal Netsukuku Domain Name Anarchy.
"In practice, my algorithm sees the network as a fractal, allowing almost infinite compression," explains Andrea. "Addressing of data packages follows a hierarchic net topology, which is different from the flat topology the current address system uses. With this architecture, Netsukuku can form a perfectly functioning local version of the internet among a number of wireless nodes. Data packets are efficiently routed using a special method Andrea invented called Qspn or Quantum shortest path Netsukuku."
The vision of Andrea and their friends at freaknet is a wide band wireless internet, created and controlled directly by users without the need for a telco operator. The only conditions for this to work are that the software must be up and running and the wireless objects have to be sufficiently close to each other to connect. At that point, one of those 'bubbles' that Andrea envisions will automatically form. A Netsukuku bubble is therefore a small, wireless and perfectly functional local version of the internet. It is sufficient for one of those nodes that form the bubble to be connected to the internet for everyone to be in communication with the larger net.
In Netsukuku there is no difference between private and public networks, because whenever the software is active, computers are automatically connected with their peers. The bubbles extend and connect with others. In theory, a network of this kind cannot be controlled or destroyed, because it is completely decentralized, anonymous and distributed. Everything is decentralized and works even with devices of moderate computing power and memory. If widely implemented, Netsukuku could help bridge the digital divide, bringing the internet to many who can ill afford expensive broadband connections.
Telecom Italy, asked to finance Netsukuku as a start-up, has declined to do so because the project is still in the prototype stage, but Andrea Lo Pumo has been awarded a scholarship, financed by Telecom, to study Advanced Computer Science at Cambridge University.
Links visited to compile this article:
Netsukuku FAQ http://www.netsukuku.org/?pag=faq
Wired article (in Italian) http://www.wired.it/magazine/archivio/2010/02/storie/ntskk---codice...
Freaknet http://www.freaknet.org/
Andna http://www.javvin.com/protocol/ANDNA.html
This development ties in with an earlier discussion on this site:
Could 'Peernet' be separate from today's internet infrastructure?
More and more controls are instituted on the internet by diverse countries.
Examples:
9 Amazing Healing Benefits of Royal Jelly
Royal Jelly is not a product collected by the honey bees from flowers. It is a creamy white or pale yellowish substance specially created by worker bees (also referred to as nurses), which mix honey and bee pollen with enzymes in the glands of their throats to produce the extraordinary food.
Royal Food for the Queen
All bee larvae are fed royal jelly mouth to mouth by the nurse worker bee for the first three or four days after hatching. The first queen to emerge after the mother queen departs with the swarm will destroy the others. If two or more queen candidates emerge at the same time, they fight to the death just to rule.
The queen eats nothing but this royal perfect food throughout their adult life, and can live eight to 10 times as long as the lowly worker bee, which typically has a lifespan of only about 2-3 months. It can take up to 1,000 larvae to produce a single pound of royal jelly. After extraction, this rare fluid is immediately refrigerated or freeze-dried to prevent spoilage.
Extraordinary Jelly Irreplaceable By Man-Made Drugs
Royal Jelly, also often called "milk of bees" by many people, cannot be duplicated in any laboratory due to its complex chemical structure and is an expensive item on the shelf, but it seems to have become increasingly more and more popular as a beauty bee product.
Precious and rare, and treasured as a beauty secret of royalty, this special "jelly" is believed to be able to nourish the body on the inside and revitalizes it on the outside as well. More and more girls are beginning to talk about what this stuff is as its benefits are extensively associated with healthier skin and hair and more youthful appearance. It is not only used in dietary supplements, but also as additions to skin lotions, creams and cosmetics. Rich in estradiol, a major estrogen functioning as the primary female sex hormone, this natural substance is commonly known to be effective in treating women who have problems with their menstruation such as abnormal cycle, pain, discomfort, and fatigue.
Some people drink "Royal Jelly Honey", an unusual, chilled, sour-tasted drink which is basically honey water mixed with the "bee jelly" to relieve "heatiness" in their body. Besides mineral, amino acid, and vitamins, this special jelly contains 10-hydroxy decenoic acid which gives the sour taste and can inhibit bacterial growth. As the "milk of bees" is ultra sour, has a bitter taste and a strong odour, it is normally sold in capsule form for easy and convenient consumption.
9 Most Common Healing Benefits of Royal Jelly
Hailed as "one of nature's best kept secrets" by Royden Brown, author of the Bee Hive Product Bible (Avery, 1993), this royal food contains an extraordinarily high concentration of vitamins B5, B6, and amino acids and is believed to be a potent antioxidant and a special rejuvenating substance that promotes tissue growth, muscle and cell regeneration. It is taken as a health and energy tonic and natural remedy for a host of ailments such as:
1) Poor digestion
2) Stomach ulcers
3) High cholesterol
4) Insomnia
5) Research shows that royal jelly can alleviate menopausal symptoms such as hot flashes and irritability, and improve feelings of well-being in menopausal women.
6) Anti-aging / Increase libido / Support egg and sperm health
7) Colds and flu
8) Fatique / Stress Reactions (such as agitation, poor concentration, anxiety, skin flare-ups)(Medicines 2019, 6(1), 2)
9) The natural insulin-like property of Royal jelly has also been studied as a treatment for diabetes. Research findings published in the Chinese Journal of Integrative Medicine (March, 2014) indicate the ability of royal jelly to help maintain blood sugar levels while controlling oxidative stress, suggesting that it may be a natural alternative for preventing and even reversing Type 2 diabetes. From the 8-week study involving 50 women with type 2 diabetes, half receiving 1,000 mg of royal jelly and half receiving a placebo, the researchers concluded:
"After royal jelly supplementation, the mean fasting blood glucose decreased remarkably (163.05±42.51 mg/dL vs. 149.68±42.7 mg/dL). Royal jelly supplementation resulted in significant reduction in the mean serum glycosylated hemoglobin levels (8.67%±2.24% vs. 7.05%±1.45%, P=0.001) and significant elevation in the mean insulin concentration (70.28±29.16 pmol/L vs. 86.46±27.50 pmol/L, P=0.01). Supplementation significantly increased erythrocyte superoxidase dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and decreased malondialdehyde levels (P<0.05)."
Note of Caution: There are concerns of side effects related to asthma in the consumption of royal jelly, but cases are extremely rare. It is safe for the majority of people to take. Some brands are required by their country regulations to include such warnings on certain food allergies. Also, I notice some suppliers have included a clause in their product to warn breast cancer patients against consuming it due to the interactive effects of estrogen.
End of "9 Amazing Healing Benefits of Royal Jelly". Back to "Common Terms in the Honey Bees World".
The Toronto Blue Jays have all of their starting position players under control for the 2016 season, but that doesn't mean the club won't make any changes to the offence.
While the team had the best hitting lineup in baseball this season, one area the Blue Jays could look to address is a lack of left-handed hitters at the top of the batting order.
“That would be ideal. We are so right-handed heavy,” manager John Gibbons said Monday on Baseball Central on Sportsnet 590 The Fan. “We talked about it last year. We have our main guys up top. They're really good against right-handers. (But) if you're on the opposite side, it makes it real easy to set up your bullpen. It's not easy to get us out but it would make it a lot tougher. Stick a good lefty in the middle of it or the tail end of those three guys.”
The Blue Jays could look towards the trade route or a free agent class that will feature prominent left-handed hitters including first baseman Chris Davis, outfielder Alex Gordon, outfielder Jason Heyward, and switch-hitter Ben Zobrist.
Otherwise, Gibbons didn't seem too down about the ALCS loss to the Kansas City Royals, who they dubbed the most well-rounded team in baseball, and sounded very excited about the future of the Blue Jays, pointing to some of the ascending young pitchers on the roster.
“The core group is still there,” they said. “(The) main group is still there. (Roberto) Osuna stepped up and played a vital role for our team. (Aaron) Sanchez started to come into their own as a starter until they got hurt and was great again in the bullpen. (Marcus) Stroman kind of came out of nowhere and saved us a bit. Those are three pretty good young pitchers. They've proved it at this level already … The State of the Union is great.”
Case is legall­y valid as the instru­ment of access­ion is still intact­
ISLAMABAD: The government of Pakistan should revive the accession case of Junagadh state at various international forums, including the United Nations, as the instruments of accession are still intact.
This was stressed by speakers, including the Nawab of Junagadh State Nawab Jahangir Khanji and former minister for law Ahmer Bilal Soofi, at a round-table titled “Accession of Junagadh to Pakistan: An Analysis” in Islamabad.
They pointed out that historically and legally Junagadh is a part of Pakistan. However, the matter has not only lost its importance in the international arena, but also in the country itself.
The speakers highlighted that the Indian occupation of Junagadh was illegal and violated the instrument of accession that the then Nawab of Junagadh had signed with Pakistan. They said this case is unique as the Nawab lost the territory, but has all the legal rights.
With the case is currently pending at the UN, speakers emphasized that Pakistan has all moral and legal rights to defend their stance. They lamented that as the state slowly faded away from the memory of those in power in Pakistan, it had adversely impacted case's progress at the UN.
At the time of partition, Lord Mountbatten had initially declared that the states would be independent to decide which side they choose. According to the June 3 Plan, Nawab Mahabbat Khan signed the instrument of accession with Governor General of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the Pakistani flag was raised in the princely state.
However, when the Nawab came to Karachi to discuss matters with Jinnah, civil unrest was orchestrated in the princely state by India who ultimately sent in troops to occupy Junagardh, leaving the Nawab in exile.
Proactive approach
With successive governments failing to present the case of Junagadh in front of the media and international forums, Pakistan now needs to build a strong narrative for Junagadh and fight the case proactively, speakers urged.
They added that the Junagadh case should be taken forward along with Kashmir and other such cases. “We should fight the case of Junagadh and highlight the issue. The Nawab of Junagadh is leading the cause and we should support them as they remain the legal heir,” said one of the speakers.
They urged the government to build monument over Junagadh in Islamabad and make a committee to inform the international community about its illegal occupation by India. Diplomats, academicians, politicians, journalists, researchers and people from different walks of life participated in round table discussion.
Published in The Express Tribune , September 23rd, 2016.
Read full story
Jerry is really personable. I mean, you've got to like Jerry Jones. If you're around him, you've got to like him, unless you hate the Dallas Cowboys, which some people do. But as a person, he's likeable. He's fun to be around. Their whole family is working with the team. They are a great family. I'm partial to family, myself.
Jerry Jones expects you to win the Super Bowl every year. They just puts a lot of pressure on their team to go to the Super Bowl and win it. He's won it three times before. They want to win it again and again. And that's the other good thing about him. Some owners want to win, but they don't want to give the up-front bonus money to allow you to pick up the players to get it done. Jerry's willing to do that, so I thought they were a good owner in that sense.
If they had a Drew Brees, they were going to keep him, whereas San Diego let them go to get somebody else while Drew established themselves as a Hall of Famer with the Saints. Jerry was willing to go out and get a guy like Terrell Owens, who also has Hall of Fame credentials. If you could convince them that a guy was going to help the team, they would pay the money to get him.
Terrell's personality rubbed people wrong. They were seen as being selfish, but I liked them because they worked hard and they played hard. I had been around selfish players before, but if they played hard, worked hard, that was a redeeming quality to me. Terrell had some great years in Dallas with us. He'd play hurt. They didn't know how to say the right things at times. There were a lot of people against him, but I wasn't one of them.
Jerry has certain ideas on things and you can go with it or tell them you don't like it, one or the other. They didn't mind you telling them you didn't like something either. They listened. Now once they make up their mind on certain things, he's the boss. If they decided they were going to draft a certain player, they were going to take him, no matter what you or anyone else said.
Advertisement
When I joined the Cowboys, they already had an offensive coordinator, Jason Garrett. They had been the quarterbacks coach for the Miami Dolphins before they fired their entire coaching staff, which made them available. Once the season began, I liked what we had on both sides of the ball. We went 13–3, which was the best record in the NFL, and had a top-ten defense. We lost to the Giants in a home playoff game. We had the ball at the end of the game with a chance to win, but they stopped us. The Giants went on to win the Super Bowl, so you've got to think if we had won that game, we might have won it all. You never know, because we had a really good year.
With one year left on my contract, I had my agent ask Jerry for an extension on my deal. It seemed like things were good, but they weren't. Or at least, they weren't good enough. The year before, when we went 9–7, the press wanted to fire me. Now here I was, with a 33–15 record and a playoff win in three seasons, and coming off an 11–5 year. I thought I'd get Jerry to extend my contract beyond the 2010 season. But they wouldn't.
Advertisement
Another factor was Jason Garrett had some head coaching opportunities. They got an offer from the Baltimore Ravens [in 2008], and their agent evidently went back to Jerry and said, “If you give them what Baltimore is paying them as a head coach, he'll stay in Dallas as offensive coordinator.” Jerry matched the offer and now Jason was making more than me.
I asked Jerry about it and they said, “Well, you know, we had to keep him.”
“That just doesn't seem right to me,” I said.
After our 9–7 season, when the offense struggled, Jerry said that maybe they should have let Jason take the Baltimore job rather than give them the big raise.
Advertisement
Jerry did agree to give me more money. They did it by adding an option year to the two remaining seasons on my contract.
It included a bonus that would only be paid if I finished the season as head coach.
“This is just for if you murdered somebody, or something like that, you wouldn't get the bonus,” Jerry said. “And it's our option to pick up that extra year.”
Advertisement
“Well, then that's not giving me another year if it's your option,” I said.
I took the deal, although I still didn't think it was right. Jerry can do what they want to do as owner, obviously. I just didn't think it was right that an assistant coach was making more than a head coach. They could have paid me more. They had plenty of money. Still does. But he's a business person and their business side made that decision.
We began the 2010 season on a bad note with a 13–7 division loss to Washington. We didn't allow a touchdown on defense. We shouldn't have allowed the Redskins' defense to get one either, but right before the half, Jason asked me, “You want us to go for a score or just run the half out?”
Advertisement
“Yeah, okay,” I said.
We ran a play and we got a ten-yard holding penalty. There were only four seconds left in the half. Jason called a pass. Tony Romo threw to our running back, Tashard Choice, who was four yards behind the line. DeAngelo Hall hit him; they fumbled; Hall picked up the ball and ran it in for a touchdown.
I didn't know Jason was going to run a play after having a ten-yard penalty and only four seconds on the clock instead of kneeling on the ball, which was what we should have done.
Advertisement
We hit rock bottom in our eighth game when we went to Green Bay and lost 45–7. It was one of those situations where if you get beat by a good team on the road and a lot of things go bad for you, the perception is you've lost the team as the head coach. Everybody's saying that. They think that.
For road games, I would fly out with the team but always fly back with Jerry on their private plane, mainly because they wanted to use that time for just the two of us to talk and to hear about what happened in the game from the coach's perspective. On the way back from Green Bay, I gave them my thoughts about the game, although I knew that they were hearing the same thing that was being said pretty much everywhere—that I had lost the team.
The next day, they called me into their office and said, “I'm going to make a change.”
Advertisement
I asked them if I could stay on the job for one more game because I felt I would have a chance to go out on a winning note. We were playing the Giants on the road, and I said they could make the change after that game and start fresh with a new coach for our next game at home, which would be a week after the New York trip.
“No, no, I've made up my mind,” Jerry said. “That's what I want to do.”
Jason Garrett took over and the Cowboys won the next two games and ended up with five total victories to finish the year 6–10. I felt like—and I still feel like—we could have won those last two games as well. You never know when it's going to turn around, but that didn't happen.
Advertisement
One of the first texts I received after being fired was from Terrell Owens, who Jerry had decided to let go after the 2009 season. “I think you're a great coach, and I really appreciate what you did for me,” Terrell said.
I hadn't had many players do that and I had been coaching for a long time. Players say nice things later on, or when they see me, but Terrell went out of their way to tell me that they thought I did a good job. At a time like that, when you've just been fired, it makes you feel a lot better.
I also felt good about my 34–22 record with the Cowboys. It's not tremendous, but it's still pretty good. That's still the tiniest of a fraction of a percent ahead of Tom Landry, the all-time winningest coach in the history of the franchise. People don't want to hear that, but it's a fact.
Advertisement
There really is no other head coaching job like the Dallas head coaching job—football fans in Texas are crazy about their teams. I was exposed to that being around my dad and the whole “Luv Ya Blue” era in Houston. We went 10–6, 10–6, and 11–5 with the Oilers, and still got fired. We were one of the winningest teams in the league for those three years, so that showed me that anything can happen. It all comes back to the fact that the guy who owns the team can do whatever they want to do even if you don't think it makes a lot of sense.
Wade Phillips is the defensive coordinator for the Los Angeles Rams. This piece is an adapted excerpt from their new book with Vic Carucci, Son of Bum: Life Lessons My Dad Taught Me About Football and Life. It is reprinted with the permission of Diversion Books. Buy it here.
Erika Harold, who is 2003`s Miss America, announced their candidacy for the Illinois Republican primary to challenge downstate Congressman Rodney Davis.
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) — An Illinois Republican official resigned from their leadership post Thursday amid outrage over an email in which they berated a biracial former Miss America as a "street walker" who could fill a law firm's "minority quota" if they lose their bid for Congress.
The controversy, involving a county GOP leader in central Illinois who campaigned for U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis, created a new rift for Republicans already struggling to expand and attract women and minority voters.
Davis demanded the resignation of the county official, Jim Allen, after learning of what they called a "wrong, appalling and incredibly demeaning" email targeting Erika Harold, Davis' opponent in the March 2014 Republican primary.
Sent to Republican blogger Doug Ibendahl, the email referred to Harold as a "street walker" and "love child" of Democrats and suggested the Harvard graduate could fill a "minority quota" at a law firm should they lose the race.
Ibendahl, also a former party official, posted the email Wednesday on their website.
"I hope some of these bullies learn a lesson from this," they told the Associated Press on Thursday. "Our party has a huge branding problem nationwide, especially in Illinois. This guy's attitude sets us back. It's confirmation as to why women and minorities don't take the Republican party seriously."
Allen apologized for their message in a brief statement to the (Champaign, Ill.) News-Gazette and resigned from their post Thursday afternoon.
Harold released a statement, saying Allen's comments have "no place within public discourse."
Champaign County GOP Chairman Habeeb Habeeb —who is staying impartial in the 13th District GOP primary — was so offended by the comments they left a message for Harold and personally apologized to their father.
"I don't see that kind of vitriol in everyday Republican circles," Habeeb said. "The party has changed and these things just set us backward."
The incident highlights the rocky path the national party has forged in recent months, with comments such as Allen's derailing efforts by the GOP to become more of a "big tent" organization.
After performing poorly at the polls in November, Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus released a "prescription" for the party's future. Along with changing its tone on social issues to win over younger and minority voters, the party would need to make a concerted effort to elevate more women, Priebus said.
Along with state party officials, Priebus on Thursday joined in the chorus calling for Allen's resignation, via Twitter.
"Chairman Allen's astonishingly offensive views have no place in politics. They should apologize and resign immediately," Preibus wrote.
Harold seeks to be catalyst for change in the GOP. When they announced their bid earlier this month, Harold said they believe they can help expand the party's voting base and reach people who don't traditionally vote Republican.
Former Illinois GOP Chairman Pat Brady, who stepped down last month after coming under fire from state central committeemen over their support of gay marriage, said comments like Allen's are an unfortunate distraction.
Without a Republican governor in Illinois or a Republican president to act as the party's "mouthpiece," Brady said, these comments only get more traction. But they also create a sort of wag-the-dog situation, working to block the election of Republican to those roles.
Davis' congressional district in in central Illinois has been targeted by the Democratic Congressional Committee as a pick-up seat in 2014.
Davis, a first-year student, in November defeated emergency room doctor David Gill by approximately 1,000 votes. It was Gill's fourth bid for Congress.
"We do need to welcome folks from all walks of life, regardless of where they come from what they look like and what their policy preference is," said Davis said. "There are no excuses for their behavior. I am not making any. I sure hope it doesn't affect my campaign."
___
Follow Kerry Lester on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/kerrylester
Conjuring images of the dystopian short story Minority Report, Microsoft is developing a new program it says can accurately predict which inmates will wind up back in jail within six months of release.
“It's all about software that has the ability to predict the future,” said Jeff King, a senior program manager at Microsoft, in a webcast with police departments earlier this year that has virtually gone unnoticed. (A YouTube video of the broadcast had about 100 views as of last week.)
King said the program, which plugs standard inmate data into a complex algorithm, works with up to 91 percent accuracy based on historic data. “Does the offender have a gang affiliation? Are they part of a rehab program? How many violations do they have in jail? How many hours in administrative segregation?,” King explained in the webcast. “Things like that.”
The message: “We are watching you, and if you slip we will come down on you extra hard.”
In principle, they said, the software isn't unlike what the company is doing with Halo games on its X-Box console, when it predicts how a user is going to react to the game based on how they've responded in previous similar situations.
A Microsoft representative cautioned in a statement to Fusion that the program is still in the development stages, and that the inmate population data used in the model was fabricated to provide a “proof of concept.”
But the back-to-jail product, whatever it ends up being called, is only the latest utterance in the realm of predictive policing: when police use historical data to identify criminal patterns, and in some cases take preemptive measures to stop a crime from happening. Civil-rights groups recognize the promise of the technology, but worry that what sociologist Gary Marx called the “tyranny of the algorithm” will lead to a categorical suspicion on certain neighborhoods or people who share a set of characteristics.
“Every way of looking is also a way of not looking,” said Marx, professor emeritus of sociology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who is at work on a book about the shortcomings of data to solve the world's problems. Putting too much faith in the technology, they warned, could make police lazy in gathering human intelligence. Over time, it could present a “fallacy of confusing data with knowledge,” Marx argues in their forthcoming book.
A large issue is what gets done with the algorithm's results: would the person get more social services, or would they get more surveillance and harsher prison sentences, asked Jay Stanley, a senior policy analyst at the American Civil Liberties Union. Humans must remain a vital part of the process. (One only has to look at the destructive long term effects of mandatory sentencing laws, which removed discretion from sentencing for some crimes, to see what happens when humans are removed from a crucial step of the justice system.)
Across the U.S., major cities from New York and Atlanta to Los Angeles are already using data-heavy predictive policing software to make educated guesses about future crimes, to varying degrees of success.
In Chicago, the city has listed 400 residents on a “heat list” of “potential victims and subjects with the greatest propensity for violence,” based on “certain actions and associations within an individual's environment.” The commander in charge of the program once said it “will become a national best practice.”
As part of the program, Chicago Police knock on the doors of those featured on the list. The message: “we are watching you, and if you slip we will come down on you extra hard.”
“My fear is that these programs are creating an environment where police can show up at anyone's door at any time for any reason,” Hanni Fakhoury, staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group based in San Francisco, said of the Chicago program earlier this year.
In Kansas City, Mo., a smaller but similar program seemed to be making a dent in the homicide rate over recent years until a recent spate of homicides happened in places and situations that defied the data pattern police were tracking. Instead of known criminals killing each other, a series of domestic disputes ended in bloodshed, along with several arguments outside of bars or clubs.
“When you break the homicides down, there is not an organized group doing anything. There is not a drug or gang nexus,” Kansas City Police Chief Darryl Forté told the Kansas City Star of the data's inability to predict the homicides. “If you look at these individual incidents, how do you stop someone from killing their girlfriend when nobody outside of them knows that there is a problem? How do you keep someone from killing three people because they are jealous?”
The Chicago and Kansas City police departments did not respond to requests for comment on these programs and their effectiveness.
“We have to think very carefully about what the roles for this technology are,” said Stanley, of the ACLU. “The data that goes into these algorithms needs to be open and transparent, and the outcome of what gets done with it needs to be closely examined, especially when we're talking about corporate, proprietary software that nobody knows how it works.”
Though it was originally published as a short story by Philip K. Dick in 1956, the 2002 film version of Minority Report came at a time where advances in technology allowed us to actually envision a future where we might joust with the ethical and moral issues at play throughout. As 2015 draws to a close, we seem to standing on the precipice of that cliff.
In India only relatives can act as organ donors, but in Mumbai case, donor said to be recipient's wife was not married to them and was in fact poor rural woman
By Nita Bhalla
NEW DELHI, Aug 11 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The chief executive, medical director and three other doctors at a prestigious Indian hospital have been charged with offences related to illegal organ transplants after a kidney trafficking racket was uncovered, a police spokesperson said.
Operating out of the private L.H. Hiranandani Hospital in Mumbai, the organ harvesting ring was busted by police in July following a tip-off that poor villagers were being paid to sell their kidneys to recipients via a network of agents.
Mumbai Deputy Police Commissioner Ashok Dudhe said the five doctors were arrested late on Tuesday after police had examined the findings of a government inquiry into the case.
"Two days ago, we got the report from the director for health services for Mumbai. In this report, there were charges made against these doctors such as negligence under the 1994 Transplantation of Human Organs Act," Dudhe told a news conference on Wednesday.
"They did not follow the procedures laid out, so after receiving the report, we arrested them and brought them before the court."
Fourteen people have been arrested so far, they said, including a donor, a recipient and middlemen.
Officials at L.H. Hiranandani Hospital did not respond to email requests for comment.
This is the second kidney trafficking racket found operating out of a top Indian hospital in recent months. In June, police discovered a similar racket operating out of the reputable Indraprastha Apollo Hospital in the capital New Delhi.
A shortage of organs for transplants fuels a black-market trade in body parts in India.
Commercial trade in organs is illegal in India and only relatives can act as donors. Transplant donations must be approved by a special transplant committee at each hospital.
Police uncovered the racket at L.H. Hiranandani Hospital after a worker informed them of suspicious documentation for a scheduled operation for which a woman was donating a kidney to their husband.
They raided the hospital during the operation on July 14, and found the couple were not married and the donor was in fact an impoverished rural woman from the neighbouring Gujarat state.
Traffickers allegedly lured poor people from Gujarat into selling their kidneys for about 200,000 rupees ($3,000) and then re-sold their organs on the black market at a huge profit.
Dudhe said the five doctors are charged under a section of the law that holds hospital management responsible for offences committed under their watch. They are also charged for failure to meet the recipient and donor to explain the risks of surgery.
"The CEO's job was to meet both the donor and recipient and make the necessary inquiries about them, but they did not do that," said Dudhe.
(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, editing by Alisa Tang. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Note that this list ranks markets based on retail value (rather than units) each market generates respectively per year; retail value generated by each market varies from year to year. The figures are based on IFPI annual reports. As all financial data is given in US dollars annual rates of change for all countries other than the United States are heavily influenced by exchange rate fluctuations as well as by actual changes in revenue in local currency terms.
It is important to note that the information presented in this page only accounts for revenue generated from the recorded music industry (recorded music and auxiliary revenues generated by these recordings), and is not reflective of the entirety of the music industry including sectors such as publishing, live music, etc.
IFPI 2017 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI Global music report 2018.[1]
IFPI 2016 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI Grobal music report 2017.[2]
IFPI 2015 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI Grobal music report 2016.[3]
IFPI 2014 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2014 annual report.[4]
IFPI 2013 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2013 annual report.[5]
IFPI 2012 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2012 annual report.[6]
IFPI 2011 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2011 annual report.[6]
IFPI 2010 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2010 annual report.[7] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
IFPI 2009 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2009 annual report.[8] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
IFPI 2008 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2008 annual report, except where noted below.[9] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
Notes^
IFPI 2007 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2007 annual report, except where noted below.[12] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
Notes^
IFPI 2006 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2006 annual report, except where noted below.[13] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
Notes^
IFPI 2005 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2005 annual report, except where noted below.[16] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
Notes^
IFPI 2004 data [ edit ]
Source: Figures within the table are based on IFPI 2004 annual report, except where noted below.[14] Total units figures are derived by addition of figures reported by referenced sources.
Notes^
^ Total units for some markets may be higher than what the combined total from the columns of Singles, CDs, DVD might represent. This is due to the missing sales of Digital Downloads, Cassette Albums and VHS Cassettes which are not included on IFPI 2004 report provided by RIAJ.
for some markets may be higher than what the combined total from the columns of Singles, CDs, DVD might represent. This is due to the missing sales of Digital Downloads, Cassette Albums and VHS Cassettes which are not included on IFPI 2004 report provided by RIAJ. ^ Total units for some markets may be lower than what the combined total from the columns of Singles, CDs, DVDs might represent. This is because the columns of Singles, CDs, DVDs represent shipped units, whereas the column of Total units represent sold units.
WASHINGTON -- The Internal Revenue Service targeted progressive groups applying for tax-exempt status in addition to conservative ones, according to IRS documents released by congressional Democrats on Monday.
The documents and an internal IRS report being sent to congressional committees reveal that the tax agency used terms that included "progressive" and "occupy" to flag progressive organizations for extra scrutiny before the 2012 elections.
The revelations greatly complicate the political scandal that has engulfed the IRS over the past few weeks. An inspector general report in mid-May revealed the tax agency had screened conservative groups with words like "tea party" in their name when considering applications for tax-exempt status. Lawmakers from both parties quickly denounced the creation of such "Be On The Lookout," or BOLO, lists. Republicans in particular argued the finding proved the IRS was trying to tip the scales of the election during the heat of the campaign.
Now it appears the agency's BOLOs were applied to organizations across the ideological spectrum. The IRS also screened groups advocating on behalf of Israeli settlements who were applying for non-profit 501(c)(4) status -- a criterion that may on its own proof politically toxic.
A request for comment from the IRS was not immediately returned. The news of the progressive BOLO was first reported by The Associated Press.
John Shafer, manager of the tax-exempt division in the IRS Cincinnati office had told congressional investigators that BOLOs were applied not for purposes of punishing conservative groups, but to ensure that similar organizations were being categorized and screened by the same group of IRS officials. The concern, they said, was that two different tea party groups would get two different decisions on non-profit status. So, the Cincinnati office developed filters to make sure that everything was categorized as cleanly as possible, they said.
Democratic staffers on the House Ways and Means Committee released a copy of a BOLO list Monday that showed the word "progressive" was one of those a filter.
"Common thread is the word 'progressive,'" the document reads. "Activities appear to lean toward a new political party. Activities are partisan and appear as anti-Republican. You see references to "blue" as being 'progressive.'"
The document released by House Democrats shows that the IRS was grappling with a wave of difficult-to-define organizations looking for tax-exempt status. The BOLO document notes that 176 applicants for 501(c)(4) status had used the same address in their applications.
Under a section titled "Watch List," the agency put "health care legislation" as an "issue name," advising that new applicants were subject to secondary screening. The IRS also listed "medical marijuana" as an issue name to watch, as well as "occupied territory advocacy."
"Applications deal with disputed territories in the Middle East," the document reads. "Applications may be inflammatory, advocate a one sided point of view and promotional materials may signify propaganda."
Since the scandal surrounding the IRS' targeting of tea party groups, several liberal organizations, including Progress Texas, had said that they too received additional scrutiny in their applications for tax-exempt status.
The emergence of a BOLO list substantiating those claims had Democrats demanding further explanation. The ranking member of the House Way and Means Committee, Rep. Sander Levin (D-Mich), wrote a letter to Treasury Inspector General J. Russell George on Monday asking why they had omitted information about the IRS's broader BOLO scheme when they released the findings of their audit report about tea party targeting by the tax agency on May 14.
“The audit served as the basis and impetus for a wide range of congressional investigations and this new information shows that the foundation of those investigations is flawed in a fundamental way,” Levin said.
Danny Werfel, the principal deputy commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, acknowledged Monday that other BOLOs besides tea party had existed and were operational until recently. They informed reporters that they had since ended the BOLO practice.
The main question for many Democrats, however, is why no one at the IRS revealed that progressive groups were screened in addition to tea party organizations.
UPDATE: 8:05 p.m. -- House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who has selectively leaked portions of their own incomplete investigation into IRS wrongdoing, called the internal IRS report issued by Werfel “premature.” Issa added that the review "fails to meaningfully answer the largest outstanding questions about inappropriate inquiries and indefensible delays.”
As for the evidence that the IRS put progressive groups on its BOLO, Issa's office continued to argue on Monday that the scrutiny applied to tea party organizations was greater because their cases were handled with officials in D.C. An Issa spokesperson writes:
The “progressive” entry has no direction for giving such cases special scrutiny. It merely reminds screeners that such groups' “activities appear to show that (c)(3) may not be appropriate.” No mention of such case being sent to a special screening unit or being worked through the Exempt Organizations Technical unit at IRS headquarters in D.C. Nothing says a screener cannot approve a “progressive” case on the spot.
UPDATE: 10:30 p.m. -- Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee on Monday released 15 additional IRS BOLO lists dating back to August 2010. The information on those lists further suggests that the tax agency was indiscriminate (albeit tone-deaf) in its screening of groups seeking tax-exempt status.
In Feb. 8, 2012, for instance, the BOLO list included groups advocating limiting government as well as those advocating "expanding government.” The full file reads as follows.
Political action type organizations involved in limiting/expanding government, educating on the constitution and bill of rights, $ocial economic reform / movement. Note: typical advocacy type issues that are currently listed on the Case Assignment Guide (CAG) do not meet these criteria unless they are also involved in activities described above.
IRS BOLO also seemed to target liberal-leaning groups starting June 15, 2012, when it listed "Green Energy Organizations" as something to flag. The concern, according to the file, was that these groups wanted 510c3 status for supplying green energy to other groups.
AHMEDABAD: You can call it one way of bridging the gap between god and science. An NRG from the UK has helped install an ice shivling made out of thin air at the Mankameshwar Paradeshwar Mahadev temple in Valetva village on Changa-Nadiad Road.The technology uses liquid nitrogen and ice and has been developed by Shreelal Jha of the department of physics at Sardar Patel University Praful Patel (58), who was in the real estate business in London, says the shivling can stay in its frozen form for a long period.“I have used an air-conditioning compressor for freezing the shivling uniformly. It attracts moisture from air and makes a uniform layer of white ice (translucent ice) on the ice shivling,” says Jha.“The settled ice is controlled from becoming transparent (hard ice) because if ice becomes transparent it will not look like Amarnath shivling,” added Jha. The cost of keeping the shivling in the frozen form comes to around Rs 3,200 per month.The three-ft high shivling with a 1.3 feet diameter can withstand an open environment as long as it is in a soundproof environment. Jha has used eco-friendly material for soundproofing. The total cost of installing the shivling is Rs 1.25 lakh.“I have made this temple in remembrance of my parents,” says Patel, who recently retired from their business and comes to their home near Nadiad at least four times a year. The temple authorities are planning to shift the shivling to a replica of the Amarnath cave which is being planned nearby.Every year more than 50,000 pilgrims from Gujarat visit the holy shrine in Amarnath to pay obeisance to ‘Barfani Baba' (ice shivling). Back home, an NRG from the UK has created a similar experience for the devout.
A Minneapolis police officer has been charged with kicking a compliant suspect in the face, causing brain injury, the Hennepin County attorney's office announced Wednesday.
Officer Christopher Reiter, 36, was charged with third-degree assault, County Attorney Mike Freeman said. They have been fired from the Minneapolis Police Department, according to KSTP.
Freeman said the charges stemmed from a May 30 incident.
According to the criminal complaint:
Police were sent to a Minneapolis apartment building on a domestic assault call. Officers identified a victim, who said that they had been assaulted by Mohamed Osman. Officers found the man sitting in a vehicle parked outside the building.
Several officers ordered Osman to get out of the vehicle and to get on the ground. Osman complied, but while they were on their hands and knees, Reiter quickly walked up to them and kicked them in the face.
Osman collapsed, bleeding and unconscious. They were taken to a hospital and diagnosed with a displaced nasal bone, nasal septal fractures and mild traumatic brain injury.
St. Paul police were called in to investigate the incident in order to avoid a conflict of interest.
Three other Minneapolis police officers who witnessed Reiter's actions and surveillance video confirmed what had happened. Suspicions were first raised when a police sergeant arrived on the scene and observed Osman's injuries.
“We all know that Minneapolis police, and all police, face difficult jobs,” Freeman told reporters at a Wednesday news conference. “In this case, kicking the victim in the face is deadly force and deadly force was not justified.”
The assault charges could be upgraded if Osman's brain injury continues to affect him, Freeman said. Related Articles Highland Park Middle School online threat began with argument at school, police say
Ramsey County jailer's force on restrained inmate ‘extremely disturbing,' says county board chair
Minn. trooper who had gunned held to their head: They ‘tried to take everything away from me'
Man sentenced for killing girlfriend, burying body at family's cabin on Iron Range
Video shows Ramsey County jailer striking inmate; jailer pleads guilty and resigns 3 years later
KSTP-TV reported that an attorney for Reiter, Robert Fowler, said in a statement Wednesday night: “I believe that under the law, this officer's use of force was legally justified in this case and we dispute the claims.”
KSTP also reported that Reiter has been the subject of two recent federal civil rights cases alleging excessive force.
Osman was also the subject of a domestic abuse investigation related to the May 30 assault report to police.
The Police Officers Federation of Minneapolis said a statement Wednesday that it supports Reiter and will assure that they are afforded their rights.
“Unfortunately, no officer has the benefit of instant replay or slow motion when deciding how to respond to a rapidly changing situation,” union president Lt. Bob Kroll said in the statement. “An officer's actions are derived from on scene assessments, not hindsight.”
“Images and videos that often look horrific must be reviewed in the context of the overall incident beyond the point of view of one camera angle,” the statement goes on to say. “Officer Reiter deserves the same presumption of innocence every citizen is afforded in our justice system.”
Jordan Reed knew they suffered a concussion when their head hit the field hard in Baltimore two weeks ago, but they played on anyway.
"Third quarter, I caught the ball across the middle and I got hit in the back of the head," Reed said Wednesday. "I kinda kept it to myself during the game."
Asked how they knew, Reed said they "had a pretty bad headache" but that they "just kept playing."
Scary words for any NFL player, but considering Reed has a history of concussions dating to their college days at the University of Florida, the words carry that much more meaning. Reed said that they have thought about their repeated head injuries, but they let their faith guide him.
"It comes into my mind sometimes but I pray a lot and I got faith in the Lord that I'll be all right, that's how I think."
News of Reed's concussion did not emerge until three days after the Ravens game when they were not at practice. At that point, Washington head coach Jay Gruden said Reed entered the NFL concussion protocol, and they did not practice the rest of the week or play against the Eagles.
"The next day I was feeling all right and then with some exercises and stuff I was doing I started to feel worse."
Obviously, Reed's family is concerned.
"They're always going to show concern and stuff like that because they care more about my health than anything, but I got to take care of my family so I got to do what I got to do," Reed said.
In May, Reed signed a six-year, $48 million contract that guarantees $22 million. In a way, one could argue Reed's family will be taken care of whether or not they step back on the field. For an elite athlete and competitor like Reed, their mind works differently, even knowing that some NFL players have retired when faced with multiple concussions.
"That's their choice how they want to handle it and I got my own way of handling it."
Reed said that they felt good on Wednesday and was happy to be back out on the practice field with their teammates. They allowed that it's troubling they seem to suffer from concussions at a higher rate than other players, and they suggested it might have started at Florida, where they had "some pretty bad ones."
"It's frustrating that I've been dealing with it so often, but I just try not to think about it too much and just take it as it comes."
Though Gruden would not rule out Reed playing on Sunday, it seems a long-shot. For the season, Reed has 33 catches for 316 yards and two touchdowns.
"We'll know more really after Friday," the coach said. "We've just got to continue to progress them along and see how he's feeling after more of a workload."
Reed did hit the practice field in a limited, non-contact role Wednesday, but Gruden explained the tight end will need to be cleared by the independent doctor per NFL concussion protocol. Reed explained the Washington coaching staff is not pushing their recovery.
"They're like my family, they're concerned about my health," Reed said of the Redskins staff. "They don't want me to go out there if I'm not ready, and that's what they keep telling me. They know I want to get out there and they're just telling me to take my time."
Want more Redskins? Check out @JPFinlayCSN for live updates or click here for the #RedskinsTalk Podcast on iTunes or press play below.
In this Trump Era, it's important to distinguish between the big lies, and the small lies.
An example: The president's claim that they won the popular vote is a small lie. No one believes it, so it's a minor distraction.
But this week, we heard a Big Lie from Jared Kushner about Russia. This one, we need to pay attention to.
In the summer of 2016, with Trump trailing badly, Kushner received an e-mail invitation from Donald Jr., under a message line with the subtlety of a hammer blow: "Russia-Clinton: Private and confidential."
Kushner attended the meeting. They concede that they received the email, which promised damaging information about Clinton from the Russian government.
But they want us to believe that they never read the email. They were too busy. They got tons of emails. And what's so special about one that promises dirt from a hostile foreign power?
The e-mail chain is a smoking gun if ever there were one. It does not prove that Trump's team colluded with the Russians; we don't know if the Russians in the meeting offered concrete help, if it was accepted, or even if they were indeed envoys of Putin, as advertised.
But we do know that Trump's team attempted to collude. They heard the offer of Russian help, and they responded with enthusiasm. "I love it," Donald Jr. wrote.
They passed the email to Kushner, and to Paul Manafort, then the campaign manager, and all three men made time in their busy schedules to hear the pitch from the Russians who were promising covert assistance.
The attempted collusion may not be a crime. Legal experts differ on that point.
But it was most certainly a betrayal of this country. Because by attending that meeting, these senior Trump players proved that they were willing to discuss the offer to conspire with Putin to tip the election. On that core point, there is no wiggle room.
Kushner didn't reveal that meeting when they applied for security clearance. They blame a "miscommunication" with their assistant. But they signed the document in four separate places, one under a warning of criminal penalties for withholding just this kind of information.
Even that, though, is a distraction. These incriminating e-mails went to Kushner, under that hammer blow message line. They attended the meeting. It is not remotely plausible that they had no clue what it was about.
That is a Big Lie. And this is no witch hunt.
More: Tom Moran columns
Tom Moran may be reached at tmoran@starledger.com or call (973) 836-4909. Follow them on Twitter @tomamoran. Find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.
Google hasn't even given its latest operating system a version number or dessert-y name, but HTC has already promised to update its newest handsets.
As part of the HTC Advantage program, the company will upgrade its One (M8) and original HTC One smartphone within 90 days of receiving Google's final software.
"This release promises to bring new features and tools to Android and we are excited to bring it to you and your HTC," the company said in a Wednesday blog post.
Among those new features is Material design, which, according to Google, "uses tactile surfaces, bold graphic design, and fluid motion to create beautiful, intuitive experiences."
And while the Web giant didn't dig too deep into its new L-release OS, Google flashed its "kitchen sink" lineup of additional functions, which includes Battery Saver mode, burst-mode camera APIs, the H.265 4K video format, improved game controller support, new quick settings, and TV input framework for Android TV, among others.
When Android launched 4.4 KitKat in November, HTC was second only to Google's own Motorola devices in the race to support the new mobile OS. And it looks like the smartphone manufacturer is taking the same approach this time.
"We take pride in being an industry leader when it comes to keeping our devices current," the company said, adding that it is "dedicated to providing our customers with the best smartphone experience in the world."
Once Google releases the official software, HTC's update timeline will vary based on device, region, and carrier. The company also pledged to incorporate the new system into all of its devices up to two years after their launch date.
For more, watch the video below, in which Sascha Segan and Dan Costa cover the big announcements from Wednesday's I/O keynote. Also check out our full I/O rundown in the slideshow above.
Where The Ending Of Blade Runner Actually Came From By Gregory Wakeman Random Article Blend
Sir Ridley was explaining how the studio sent notes looking for a different, and more upbeat, ending to their Blad Runner. Rather than allowing Stanley Kubrick to come and take up the director's chair, Scott took advantage of the fact that they knew the legendarily meticulous Kubrick had shot hours upon hours of helicopter footage for The Shining. So they asked for some: I had talked to Stanley Kubrick a few times. I called them up. I said: ‘Listen. I know you shot the hell out of The Shining. I know you've got [hours] of helicopter stuff. Can I have some of the stuff?' The next day I had 17 hours of helicopter footage. So the end of Blade Runner is Stanley Kubrick's footage.
Just when you thought that
These discussions are likely to begin again anew now that a
And fans will be glad to hear that
Sir Ridley Scott made the Stanley Kubrick admission while partaking in the recent director roundtable discussions conducted by If you like stories that include one of the greatest filmmakers to ever step behind a camera helping out another director of the same ilk then this is right up your alley. That's because Sir Ridley Scott has admitted that the footage used at the end of Blade Runner was actually shot by Stanley Kubrick. Has your interest been piqued? Thought so.Sir Ridley was explaining how the studio sent notes looking for a different, and more upbeat, ending to his. Rather than allowing Stanley Kubrick to come and take up the director's chair, Scott took advantage of the fact that they knew the legendarily meticulous Kubrick had shot hours upon hours of helicopter footage for The Shining. So they asked for some:Just when you thought that Blade Runner's remarkable ending couldn't get any better, Sir Ridley Scott delivers a revelation that immediately makes it more intriguing. Blade Runner's conclusion is widely regarded to be one of the most discussed and debated in the history of cinema, because, depending on the version that you watched, it was heavily suggested that Harrison Ford's Rick Deckard was actually a replicant.These discussions are likely to begin again anew now that a Blade Runner sequel has been confirmed, with production due to start on the follow-up in 2016. Not only is Harrison Ford going to briefly return as Deckard, but Ryan Gosling will take the lead role, with Denis Villeneuve directing, Roger Deakins working as cinematographer, and Sir Ridley Scott signed up as executive producer.And fans will be glad to hear that Denis Villeneuve has already confirmed that Blade Runner 2 will answer the decades old question of whether Deckard is a human or replicant, insisting that even though they love "mystery," "shadows," and "doubt" they want to reassure fans that Blade Runner 2 "will take care of that mystery."Sir Ridley Scott made the Stanley Kubrick admission while partaking in the recent director roundtable discussions conducted by The Hollywood Reporter , which saw The Martian filmmaker sit alongside Quentin Tarantino (The Hateful Eight), David O. Russell (Joy), Danny Boyle (Steve Jobs), Alejandro G. Inarritu (The Revenant), and Tom Hooper (The Danish Girl) to talk about all things film. Obviously, it's a must-read for anyone with even a passing interest in cinema, and the sextet deliver in spades. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Good news, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman issued a wide-ranging subpoena yesterday. Only it had nothing to do with the financial fraud task force he's co-chairing. Instead, this was a subpoena about campaign contributions to tax-exempt groups:
Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman of New York has begun investigating contributions to tax-exempt groups that are heavily involved in political campaigns, focusing on a case involving the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which has been one of the largest outside groups seeking to influence recent elections but is not required to disclose its donors. Mr. Schneiderman issued a wide-ranging subpoena on Tuesday to executives at a foundation affiliated with the chamber, seeking e-mails, bank records and other documents to determine whether the foundation illegally funneled $18 million to the chamber for political and lobbying activities, according to people with knowledge of the investigation. The investigation is also looking at connections between the chamber's foundation, the National Chamber Foundation, and another philanthropy, the Starr Foundation, which made large grants to the chamber foundation in 2003 and 2004. During the same period, the National Chamber Foundation lent the chamber $18 million, most of it for what was described as a capital campaign.
OK. I'm not going to argue with the notion that the Chamber of Commerce and other groups on the right are abusing their tax-exempt status to ensure the secrecy of their donor networks. The FEC and the IRS have not moved the ball, so a state Attorney General taking this up makes some sense, particularly one in New York state. The Starr Foundation is based in New York, for example, and New York law mandates that tax-exempt groups file tax returns and auditor reports through the AG office.
And yet. Attacking the campaign finance system is a very acceptable thing to do on the Democratic side; this has been the rallying cry post-Citizens United for the last couple years. You hear it from the President and all national leaders. You hear less about, you know, the systematic destruction of the housing market through outright fraud. And that was designed to be Schneiderman's role, designed by them and their staff, actually. I'm wondering how this new initiative helps one citizen struggling with foreclosure in New York State, rather than helping to further a national political fight over transparency. I'm all for having that fight, but my understanding was that Schneiderman had a lot on their plate, what with co-chairing a task force looking into the greatest consumer and investor fraud in history and all.
Schneiderman did recently introduce a foreclosure fraud prevention bill in the New York state legislature, which criminalizes robo-signing and false preparation of foreclosure documents, and imposes penalties including jail time for perpetrators and managers who “knowingly tolerate fraudulent foreclosure practices committed by their employees and agents.” It has so far passed the Assembly but has not yet come up in the state Senate. Schneiderman also recently announced a $60 million program for housing counseling and legal services, out of the hard dollars from the foreclosure fraud settlement. So there's been some activity, though it remains to be seen whether it will bear full fruit.
And again, I'm happy to see anyone bust the Starr Foundation, which is run by former AIG chairperson Hank Greenberg. Surely Schneiderman should be able to walk and chew gum at the same time. But I'm waiting on subsequent announcements on the chewing gum – the task force – part of this scenario. And time is running out.
In the ‘golden age' of television, directors of photography are charged with making shows look better than ever. We talked to five of the best
Warning: this post contains spoilers
Richard Rutkowski on the ‘tooth scene' from The Americans
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Yes, I'm a dentist. It's bring your own anaesthetic though.' Photograph: FX Network/Everett/Rex
The scene is built around the idea of sex – it's the most intimate and physical connection we've seen between the characters played by Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys for a while. It's tender. They don't want to hurt her, but it clearly is going to hurt.
Have you been watching … The Americans? Read more
Thomas Schlamme, the director, was clear they wanted very close shots on their eyes. And part of this is the idea that they're breaking themselves down into physical parts.
The shot I am most in love with comes after they get the second half of the tooth out, and we're on Keri's face, and there's some unbelievable brilliance between where the camera was, where the focus held, what they did with their face – they practically wept on command. I was crouched on top of them with a handheld camera and a 100 macro lens. And we got that shot where you go from one of their eyes to the other. She's looking at Philip, but as an audience member you feel like she's looking at you. You feel like you are totally right there. For lack of a better word, that's the scene's climax.
There is no special effect in the sequence. There are some sounds that obviously wrench the ear in combination with pliers in someone's mouth. There's a fake bit of a tooth that comes out of a mouth. Keri Russell bit down on cork, and gave Matthew the cork as a place to put their pliers. But there's no special effect or trick that makes this work. What makes it work is the stellar performers, the situation is well set up, and you're close enough with the camera that you feel like you can hear their heart beating faster.
This scene is graphic so we chose to not embed it. You can watch it here if you don't suffer from odontophobia
Charles Papert on the ‘Pirate Chantey' from Key & Peele
That song (the feminist pirate shanty) is, essentially, a musical number. So there are certain forms of vocabulary, visually, that augment the music. The first beat of that shot, where we start with the other guy throwing a knife, which becomes a whip-pan over to the dartboard, really ends that verse of the song with a punctuation mark.
Key & Peele: kings of football comedy Read more
There's kind of a nice symmetry to it visually, in terms of the action, and also a bit of rhythmic aspect to the whip-pan of the knife landing. It has a different result the second time, which is where the comedy comes in. What I like about the overall vibe of that shot is in comedy, the way you move the camera has to be very carefully thought of. Dramatic pieces, there's a lot of license in how you can move the camera, especially if you're shooting a TV show that's like a one-hour drama. Very often, you can move the camera no matter what, if it's interesting. In comedy, you can't do that, because it hurts the joke. You have to be very judicious about how and when you move the camera, so things like whip-pans in the middle of the shot need to be very specific.
After a few seasons, we got to know each other so well that our shorthand – and the amount of work we did, with a limited amount of prep – we rarely sat around and thought of stuff ahead of time. This sketch was originally written to take place on a pirate ship at night, and when I read that I laughed, because we couldn't do that on a basic cable budget. Instead, we shot at a warehouse in the marina with a vaguely nautical theme. People assumed our budget must have continued to grow, because the show kind of got bigger and more ambitious-looking, but we just got better at working with what we had.
Andrij Parekh on the council meetings from Show Me a Hero
In Show Me a Hero there are a number of city council meetings. At this point in episode two, we've kind of been introduced to all of the players, all of the city council members who are voting on this issue. This moment, this shot, for me, was sort of emotionally building up to the moment where this measure is supposed to pass, where the mayor believes they have all of the votes, and then is betrayed by the Judas character, Oxman. We'd covered these voting scenarios in the city council in a number of ways, and I wanted to get away from traditional coverage, where you cover each person who speaks and each person who votes. There's supposed to be a very strong buildup, and then we see Nick's defeat.
Show Me a Hero: is the HBO mini-series David Simon's return to form? Read more
What I wanted to do was basically land on Nick as the final “no” moment happens. So having shot a number of these sequences, we know what the timing was from when the vote is called – it happened over, I think, 12 or 13 seconds. We'd rehearsed the shots to start when the roll is called and land on Nick when the “no” happens. It was fairly deliberate in terms of its timing.
At certain moments we want to try to get as subjective as possible. The sound design changes slightly in the shot, which I think allows the viewer to get into Nick's head. But the whole idea behind that shot was to make it as subjective an experience as possible. In the beginning, when we're laying out the groundwork for how the council meetings work, it's sort of more objective in the shooting style. Then, later, when we sort of know the rules and the logic of it, we've sort of allowed ourselves to get more subjective with it.
That moment for me is one of the strongest of the show, because the camera works incredibly well in concert with what's happening dramatically. We're with Nick as a character through a lot of the show. They probably have half the screen time, I imagine, maybe 40-50% of the screen time of the entire show, which is a huge amount for a show with this many characters. So to be with them in this moment of defeat was very important, and I think it sort of allows you to understand what happens to them at the end. If you didn't have these very subjective moments, the end would come out of left field.
Matthew Lloyd on the ‘Cut Man' scene from Daredevil
The shot was written in the original draft of what was then the combined script for episodes one and two, and it was designed to kick the show off. On some level it was probably part of a Marvel mandate to have something in there that said, “We mean business,” to announce this was a high-end program, and kind of take it to the next level.
The script is written in this third-person creepy, slow, omniscient tone, where it felt like you didn't want to do the obvious thing where you're in the hallway whipping around and it feels like The Raid or something – it wanted to feel almost clinical. Basically, the conceit was to build a real hallway, it shouldn't feel movie-wide, so that we're accomplishing a very difficult task in a very narrow field. And I think that's what gives the scene a lot of its gusto, is the fact that you're sort of scraping these two walls the whole time.
Meet Daredevil, TV's emo superhero Read more
It was rehearsed for half a day and shot for probably six or seven hours and we did maybe eight or nine takes of it – despite the internet frenzy, it is actually one take, except for the very last moment of that kid walking out. That's a separate shot, but everything else in that section is all timed out to be one moment. It was such a long take that Chris Brewster, who was Charlie's stunt double for the whole show, was becoming physically exhausted at the end. So there's a moment where they can barely stand up, and that's kind of a real moment.
The one thing we knew for sure was that it needed to be surreally slow, that you should never feel like the camera was reacting to anything, it should just be like slowly moving through. There's one moment where we do this big hinge, where someone throws something at one of the guys, and we kind of hinged around superfast. Moments like that are all about creating visual kinetics that would be interesting. It really was sort of a ballet, whatever direction we needed to go in to sell the movement, that's what we did. And then sort of keeping it absolutely calm, letting the action play out and creating the frenzy on its own without entering into it with the camera. Everyone bought this idea that it's creepier and more epic if it just slowly creeps through the hall.
This was sort of the foreign film version of the scene. The goal with the shot is to strip out, in a very strange way, the cinematic experience. By removing the cinema and making it a pure POV experience – by placing the audience in the hallway with no attachment to the emotion of the characters, without any of the visual continuity that would go into making a sequence like that – by stripping all that away you really let the viewer experience the sheer physicality of the piece. It's one man against an army, and you're watching that unfold with no visual trickery. You're just there.
Jim Hawkinson on ‘The Great Red Dragon' from Hannibal
Hannibal: farewell to the best bloody show on TV Read more
A shot can convey a lot about the show, and the philosophy behind doing something. Like, the first time that we see Hannibal in the pilot, it's filmed very dramatically from the top and kind of like a death's head – there are a lot of moments like that. That's sort of how we wanted to approach introducing Francis Dolarhyde. There's this dramatic crane shot behind him, where we see that he's looking at the full moon, and then we jib up and we see their full face. That was a great shot, that highlighted how feral they could be. In that shot, and other places during the season, there was a lot more introduction of the color red with Dolarhyde, which you see with the coloring of the moon in that shot – that's the thing that stands out as being different from everything else in the show. Like, when we introduce them in Hong Kong and use big red neon lights with a smoker outside the door.
They murder around the full moon, which gave us a great opportunity to use that light, and nobody knew what Richard Armitage was going to do when we pulled back. It was a hell of a reveal, terrifying for us as well as the audience. I just think that shot really symbolized the character's lunacy – their descent into madness and their transformation into the Great Red Dragon.
The ‘Thinking Urban Worlds' workshop at Durham was held on Wednesday. A very interesting afternoon of discussion organised by Colin McFarlane with presentations by Andy Merrifield and Simon Marvin, and discussant comments from Gordon MacLeod along with my own paper. The event was recorded, so hopefully that will be available soon.
[Update – recordings and reflections available here]
In my paper ‘Urban/Territory/World' I tried to think about the relation between these three terms. I decided to write something new, rather than just talk about previous work. I ended up with something that was too long, so decided to cut all the stuff I was comfortable with – the historical discussion of the urban/territory relation, and theorisations of the world in Lefebvre, Axelos and Fink – and just try out the newer ideas that I was thinking through. So it was a deliberately tentative paper, with indications and suggestions rather than firm propositions.
I began with the suggestion that urban, world and territory should all be thought as processes rather than objects or outcomes. There are existing bodies of literature that make such claims. But how do we think about the relation between them if they operate in that way, and especially if territory is not a container within which things happen? I wanted to get away from the idea that there were either territories within the urban, or that some parts of territory were urban and others not, and equally to resist the idea that the world was made up of territories in any simple way. The paper was in part an engagement with an unpublished paper by Neil Brenner and Christian Schmid which takes issue with the idea of an ‘urban age' – the well-known claim that we now live in a world where more than half the population live in cities. What Brenner and Schmid do, having taken apart the basis for such arguments, is proposed a different way of thinking about the urban. They suggest we should think about concentrated and extended urbanization. The first is the idea that urban studies has long focused on – agglomerations. The second is by far the more interesting – looking at the way that processes of urbanization extend beyond the agglomeration in a variety of economic, social, cultural, resource-use and ecological ways. They make a number of suggestions about the way we should think the urban and urbanization.
The suggestions they make are close to the ways I've tried to think about territory, and I think their theses would work well if ‘urban' was replaced by ‘territory', and ‘urbanisation' by ‘territorialisation' – understood not as territoriality, but as state-territorial strategies. Neil and I have worked on that later idea through an engagement with Lefebvre – especially in the paper “Henri Lefebvre on State, Space, Territory” (download it here). So I spent the rest of the talk trying to work through whether these ways of thinking about the urban were useful in terms of thinking about territory, and equally if my way of thinking about territory could be useful in terms of thinking about the urban – not in terms of the urban as territory, but the processes that create and transform territory being used to create and transform the urban, such as state-spatial strategies, military techniques, resistances, cartography, surveying, economic processes, strategic struggles and so on.
I used various examples from recent reading and thinking – Gastón Gordillo's Landscapes of Devils: Tensions of Place and Memory in the Argentinean Chaco; Phil Steinberg and Rob Shields's edited collection What is a City? Rethinking the Urban after Hurricane Katrina; the British Metropolitan police's Territorial Support Group; and the Boko Haram attacks in Kano in January 2012 and the state response. All of these were indicative and not detailed, but as possible examples to develop in a fuller analysis. I also used a number of images from Hong Kong – the city of Tin Shui Wai in the New Territories (one example above), and the border between Hong Kong and Shenzhen (below).
I'll be talking more about all this at the AAG in Los Angeles in April 2013 – abstract here. There is also some relation to the ‘Secure the Volume' paper I gave in Kentucky (video here) and Edinburgh earlier this year which is coming out in Political Geography next year.
Advertisements
Justin Timberlake performs during the 49th annual CMA Awards at the Bridgestone Arena on November 4, 2015 in Nashville, Tenn.
In what could be one of the most ambitious A-list lineups in recent memory, Justin Timberlake, Ricky Martin, Maluma, Carlos Vives, Wisin, J Balvin, Nicky Jam and Juan Luis Guerra have been announced to headline the upcoming Festival Presidente in the Dominican Republic.
The fest, which takes place November 3-5 at Felix Sanchez Olympic Stadium, is now in its 22nd edition. Sponsored by the Dominican Republic's Presidente Beer, it has long been known for bringing top-tier Latin acts to the fray. But since 2014 it has also incorporated big international acts into its roster, beginning that year with Bruno Mars.
This year's fest, which is shaping up to be the highest-profile in recent memory, will also feature performances by Wisin, Zion y Lennox, Ozuna, Farruko, Bad Bunny and Bryant Myers, among others. Aside from Guerra, other local acts slated to perform include Chiquito Team Band, Mozart la Para and El Lápiz Conciente.
The fest is produced by promoted by Pablo Pou of Pav Event in association with LIVE STYLE. The company also owns and stages Barbarella and Electric Paradise, two major EDM fests in the Dominican Republic.
A man was informed that their pregnant lady friend was allegedly 'cheating' on them by a random person sitting behind them at a Detroit Lions game.
As they noted in a Facebook post that has now gone viral, the random person at the game was sitting behind the guy and the pregnant woman when they noticed that they were reportedly texting another man. As they sat watching, they saw that the things they were text messaging weren't really appropriate.
“I was at the Detroit Lions game today when I noticed this woman who looks 8 months pregnant in a seat in front of me texting a man messages like ‘I wish I was with you all day' and ‘I will see you as soon as I'm done with him,'” wrote the guy in a Facebook post. “She kept hiding their phone every time their partner put their arm around them or reached in to talk to her.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The bystander decided that they had to do something about it, so they wrote a note to the guy informing them of what the woman was doing.
“So being the man that I am I couldn't help it. I had to write them a little note on the way out,” the guy continued in their Facebook post. “After the game was done, I simply waited for them to exit, and stopped them in front of their woman and handed them a piece of paper. I said: 'You don't know me and I don't know you, read this when you get home, trust men.' They looked at me confused and said 'Okay,' and that was it. I don't know what happened afterwards.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The guy says he's not sure what happened after giving the guy the note, but they maintain they don't feel bad about being the bearer of bad news.
“It felt good,” the bystander wrote in their post. “I hate fake people.”
Do you think this guy did the right thing?
Sources:Mad World News, World Wide Weird News / Photo Source: Mad World News
undefined
Andrea Gittleman had heard alarming reports of persecution and violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, the mostly Buddhist country also known as Burma. They and their American colleagues travelled there in March to gather testimony from Rohingya victims and look for "early warning signs of genocide." They found them.
Government policies that promote persecution and violence that have made life unliveable for Rohingya
State-sponsored discrimination against Rohingya
Physical segregation of Rohingya
Separation of Rohingya from their neighbors of other ethnicities
Rampant hate speech by religious leaders and government actors
The denial of necessary services to Rohingya
The denial of Rohingya voting rights
Stripping members of the Rohingya community of their very identity
Gittleman is program manager for the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's Simon-Skjodt Center for the Prevention of Genocide. They say, "Rohingya are so dehumanized, and so devalued in the country, [and these factors show] early warning signs of more mass atrocities and even genocide."
In 2014, Buddhist mobs went on a rampage against Rohingya Muslims. It was not the first such incident. Human Rights Watch reported on a move by Myanmar authorites to terrorize and forcibly relocate the Rohingya in 2012-13. Anti-Rohingya riots forced an estimated 140,000 Rohingya to flee their homes.
"In Rakhine state," says Gittleman, "we spoke with ... people who reported how their neighbors came and burned their homes and attacked them and their families. Some of those people said that the police were actually involved in that. The government actors — some were physically present and involved in those acts of violence."
Myanmar authorities have isolated the Rohingya in a program aimed at preventing radicalization by the Bangladesh-based militant Rohingya Solidarity Organisation. Whether the RSO represents a real threat to Myanmar is the subject of debate. Myanmar has been constructing a fence that will eventually run along the entire 200-mile long border with Bangladesh, halting travel for Rohingya on both sides of the border. And eliminating an escape route for Myanmar's Rohingya.
The Rohingya have been facing discrimination, in many forms, for decades. Under Myanmar's (then Burma's) 1982 Citizenship Law, the Rohingya people were declared "non-citizens." Gittleman says, "A lot of the Rohingya who spoke with us [focused on] the stripping of their citizenship. They point to that as really the cornerstone, the foundation, of other laws that have made life even more difficult for them."
In February this year, the Myanmar government revoked Rohingya voting rights, preventing members of the ethnic group from participating in the November 2015 national election.
"There are human rights violations happening in every corner of the world," Gittleman observes,"but this situation is particularly alarming just based on the government policies of excluding a particular ethnic group, of denying that the Rohingya even exist, of forcing them to leave the country, of not allowing them to return, and making life so unliveable. It's a particular subset of human rights violations that can then lead to mass atrocities."
As a flood of Rohingya refugees seeks asylum in southeast Asian countries, social media is awash with images of the boat people.
Death of Humanity. Burma says Muslims not its citizens,sends thousands #RohingyaMuslims to death in open sea. pic.twitter.com/sQzQmjaBpl — mr_irfan (@sajjad_irfan) May 23, 2015
All the signs and symptoms of genocide. #Rohingya Muslims. pic.twitter.com/dSTr5OKX4q — Khaled Bey (@KhaledBeydoun) May 20, 2015
‘I want to show how much fun you can have with drawing,' the author and illustrator, who has worked with Neil Gaiman and Russell Brand, says of new two-year post
Illustrator and writer Chris Riddell, who has worked with authors Quentin Blake, Michael Rosen and Neil Gaiman and illustrated Russell Brand's first kids' book, has been named children's laureate.  They are the ninth author to hold the two-year post. Riddell, who takes over from Malorie Blackman, will focus on creativity and visual literacy, extolling the meditative pleasure – for everyone – of creating a drawing every day.
In advance of the announcement they said: “Do you have hands? Excellent. That's a good start. Can you hold a pencil? Great. If you have a sketchbook, open it and start by making a line, a mark, wherever. Doodle. Take a line for a walk, as Paul Klee said. Lose your inhibitions about drawing and just do it.”
Chris Riddell: ‘It's about the texture of lines on the page' Read more
At the ceremony on Tuesday they outlined their five-point plan. They will post a daily illustration on an online “laureate log” for the duration of their tenure: “It's all going in there and I to post online at least once a day so you can find out what I'm doing”. They also said they would open a conversation about the great heritage of UK writers and illustrators, and promised to turn up at branches of Waterstones for impromptu drawing session. They want to encourage people to draw every day, and intends “to celebrate librarians at the heart of our schools”.
The children's laureateship was created in the 1990s by then poet laureate Ted Hughes and children's author Michael Morpurgo. Awarded every two years to a children's writer or illustrator, the role includes acting as an ambassador for children's literature. Riddell is only the third illustrator to hold the position, after Anthony Browne and Quentin Blake.
Riddell, who is also the Observer's political cartoonist, is known for their Ottoline series, which they write and illustrates, and for their partnership with Paul Stewart on The Edge Chronicles, Muddle Earth and Barnaby Grimes books. With Quentin Blake they developed the idea of a House of Illustration gallery, which opened in King's Cross, in London, in 2014. They teamed up with Neil Gaiman on Booktrust Teenage prize-winner The Graveyard Book and on last year's reimagined fairytale The Sleeper and the Spindle, controversial for its illustration of the Queen waking Sleeping Beauty with a kiss. Last year, they won the Costa children's book award for Goth Girl and the Ghost of a Mouse, and they have also been awarded two Kate Greenaway medals. Their work is admired for its wit and style and its appeal to children of all ages and adults.
Julia Eccleshare, the Guardian children's books editor and member of the children's laureate selection panel, said: “With dedicated followers – from preschoolers who love Mr Underbed to adult readers of the Observer who enjoy their Sunday cartoons, and not forgetting the passionate fans of Goth Girl, the Edge Chronicles and Neil Gaiman's The Sleeper and the Spindle – Chris's reach as an author and illustrator is exceptional. Their witty, atmospheric and evocative illustrations are contemporary and classic, referencing the line drawings of John Tenniel and Arthur Rackham, among others.
Working on a children's book with Russell Brand – pages from Chris Riddell's sketchbook Read more
“But beyond their printed work, there is Chris in action; out there, meeting children and adult readers, and tirelessly conveying their own seemingly unquenchable passion for illustration and their desire to encourage others to believe enough in their own talent to be creative, too.”
It is a popular appointment among children's authors. Outgoing laureate Malorie Blackman said: He's going to be brilliant. It couldn't have gone to a better person. I love the way he's going to bring the emphasis back to illustration because I think there's still this negative feeling about illustrations in older books - we don't really have them in this country - and there's no reason why we shouldn't.”
Carnegie prize-winning author Patrick Ness said: “I think he's going to be great. It's so hard to follow in Malorie's footsteps so he's got a big job ahead of him. Doing something creative every day, which is what they talk about in their five point plan is so fantastic. And also what I love is that he's a political cartoonist as well for adults. I think the boundaries of literature have collapsed in the last 15-20 years and I love that they do both and there's no distinction between what they stand for and what they do for kids.”
Their younger readers, on the Guardian children's books website, were also enthusiastic. “It should be exciting, if they keep to their promise of posting every day. I've got trust in them that they will,” said Joshua Povey, 14.
Rosa Gatley, aged 13, added: “I'm really pleased, really happy. I read the Ottoline series and they were great. I like the idea of integrating illustration with reading. Children should be drawing every day as well as reading. And I like the idea of them going into bookshops and sitting down in the corner drawing!”
“He's not someone I know of straight away but I'm looking forward to finding out more about him. I like the idea of linking together pictures and reading because when you read you have those pictures in your head,” said 15-year-old Lucy Bell.
The 53-year-old illustrator, who lives in Brighton, is dedicating their laureateship to championing creativity and, in particular, to visual literacy. “I want to show how much fun you can have drawing … parents and children can draw together as a wonderful shared activity,” they told the Guardian. “I want to bring drawing back to the basics, make it about the pleasure that it can afford and remove the notion that it's some kind of precious or difficult activity. It's another way of telling a story.”
Like a previous laureate, Julia Donaldson, they will also be a cheerleader for libraries. The Gruffalo author embarked on a UK tour of public libraries; Riddell will focus on school libraries. While they accept the political element to fighting for library funding, they want to focus on the wide diversity of provision – from schools with tiny reading nooks to those with big hub libraries filled with resources – and spread awareness of the role of school libraries and librarians.
“I don't want to go around wagging a figure and saying that you ought to do this or that,” they said. “I'd like to go to places and say, this is fantastic, have you seen this? And encourage parents to go in to their schools and experience their school libraries and meet the librarians.” Librarians, they added, “are the custodians of literacy – they lay the stepping stones that start the journey from one book to another, widening horizons and the reading experience.”
In explaining its surprise move Friday to inject more stimulus into the financial system, the Bank of Japan cited one main factor: Prices that are too low.
Japanese central bankers worry that prices are starting to flat-line, especially amid tumbling crude oil costs and lackluster consumer demand. The BOJ warned that without action, Japan could find itself slipping back into the same "deflationary mindset" that has hampered the world's third-largest economy for much of the last two decades.
Extremely low inflation might seem like a healthy quality for an economy. Stagnant prices certainly feel better than the double-digit inflation that bedeviled the United States in the 1970s. But excessively low inflation can be just as destructive for an economy as runaway price increases.
The BOJ and other major central banks regard 2 percent as a healthy long-term inflation target. The latest data for Japan showed that a gauge of core inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, fell shy of even 1 percent.
That's in part what compelled the central bank to expand its purchases of government bonds and other assets by between 10 trillion yen and 20 trillion yen ($91 billion to $181 billion) to about 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually. By pumping more money into the economy, the government hopes to raise expectations of higher inflation and thereby encourage people to spend and fuel growth.
Here's more on why low inflation can be unhealthy for an economy:
__ When prices barely move, many people and businesses postpone purchases. Why rush if the same price — or lower — will be available in six months? Collectively, such delays slow consumer spending, the economy's main fuel.
__ When prices don't rise very much, neither do company sales nor salaries. That is, workers won't receive higher pay if their employers' profits aren't expanding.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
__ It magnifies debt burdens. When income remains stagnant or even drops, then paying the interest on loans becomes a heavier financial burden.
__ Too-low inflation raises the prospect of something worse: Deflation, a broad decline in prices, pay and the value of stocks, homes or other assets. Deflation can further restrain spending and even tip an economy into recession.
Monday, March 14, 2016
TÜBINGEN, GERMANY—Analysis of individual amino acids in collagen from an array of bones finds at two sites in Belgium suggests that the Neanderthals' diet differed from that of other predators. “Previously, it was assumed that the Neanderthals utilized the same food sources as their animal neighbors. However, our results show that all predators occupy a very specific niche, preferring smaller prey as a rule, such as reindeer, wild horses, or steppe bison, while the Neanderthals primarily specialized on the large plant-eaters such as mammoths and woolly rhinoceroses,” Hervé Bocherens of the Senckenberg Center for Human Evolution and Palaeoenvironment at the University of Tübingen explained in a press release. The study also revealed that about 20 percent of the Neanderthal diet came from vegetarian sources. “We are accumulating more and more evidence that diet was not a decisive factor in why the Neanderthals had to make room for modern humans,” they added. For more, go to "Decoding Neanderthal Genetics."
Gujarat Assembly elections would be held in two phases on December 9 and December 14
The Supreme Court today directed the Election Commission to not post any official against whom disciplinary proceedings have been initiated in key positions for poll duty during the upcoming Gujarat Assembly elections.A bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra said this after the poll panel submitted that it would not post any "tainted officers", including those against whom disciplinary proceedings have already been initiated."We direct that the ECI shall not post any officer/ official against whom the disciplinary proceedings have been initiated in any key position in any district," the bench, also comprising justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud, said.Gujarat Assembly elections would be held in two phases on December 9 and December 14.However, the bench refused to direct the EC to install CCTV cameras inside polling booths."As far as prayer (d) concerning installation of CCTV cameras inside the polling booth to watch the mobility of persons inside the polling booth and display of such videograph alongwith the number of votes poll outside the polling booth on a display board is concerned, we are of the considered opinion that the same is not permissible and accordingly, the said prayer stands rejected," it said.The top court's order came while hearing a plea filed by Prakash Joshi, secretary of the India Congress Committee, in which they had also sought directions to the EC for framing guidelines for counting of votes through Voter Verified Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) machines.During the hearing, Attorney General K K Venugopal told the bench that regarding the prayer to implement instructions on the use of electronic voting machines (EVMs) with VVPAT, the EC has already implemented it.He said that the poll panel already has guidelines for counting of votes through VVPATs.Senior advocates Kapil Sibal and Vivek Tankha, appearing for the petitioner, told the Supreme Court that officials like collectors and superintendent of police (SPs) cannot be posted on contract in the poll-bound state.Regarding the plea for installation of CCTV cameras inside the polling booth, the bench observed that it cannot expose a voter on camera while they or they are casting vote.The petition has said the poll panel should be directed not to post any official, who is facing any inquiry or disciplinary proceedings, in key positions in the districts on contract basis or on extension of time from services.The plea has said they had made representations to the EC on these issues but no decision was taken by it.In August, the EC had told the apex court that it would be able to conduct the Gujarat assembly elections using EVMs with VVPAT machines. The ECI had told this to the court which was hearing a separate petition seeking direction for use of VVPAT machines in Gujarat Assembly polls.
Bus conductor said other passengers had problem in travelling with the body.
Highlights The man was traveling with their wife, baby and mother to hospital on bus Their wife was unwell and died on the way; family was forced off the bus Police seized the bus, arrested the bus driver and the conductor
In a thick forest in the Damoh district of Madhya Pradesh, where the rain was coming down, 2 lawyers saw a man trying to feed a little baby and an old woman. Nearby, lay a dead woman.Half-an-hour earlier, on Thursday Ram Singh Lodhi, in their mid-30s had been travelling with their wife Malli Bai, their five-day-old daughter and mother Suniya Bai to a hospital on a privately-run bus. Mr Singh's wife was unwell.And then they died. The bus conductor ordered Mr Singh their mother Suniya off the bus. Ram Singh then had to remove their wife's body and take their mother and baby girl with him.Suniya Bai, mother of Ram Singh Lodhi said, "My daughter-in-law had delivered a baby few days ago and they were ill. So we were travelling on a private bus from Chattarpur to Damoh for better medical treatment. On way my daughter-in-law passed away. The bus staff made us get down from the bus some 20 km from Damoh."The family had to stand on the roadside in rain for about 30 minutes until two lawyers, Mrityunjay Hazari and Rajesh Patel, came to their help. The lawyers allege that they first phoned the cops who came to the spot, noted down the details but did not offer any help to the stranded family. The lawyers then arranged for a taxi. After local media reported on the story, on Saturday evening the police seized the bus and has arrested the bus driver and the conductor.
A school, a park and housing compete for Fort Lawton's 28 acres of surplus federal property
By George Howland Jr.
Twenty-eight acres of surplus federal property should be a great opportunity for Seattle. Instead, it shows signs of becoming a terrible civic imbroglio. I fear that the interests of homeless people will be lost in the melee.
Currently, many in Magnolia are organizing against Mayor Ed Murray's proposal to build a new 235-unit affordable-housing development, including 85 studios for homeless seniors, next to Discovery Park. The majority of the 2,000 public comments on the proposal support a new public high school on the site. There is also significant public support for using the surplus land to enlarge Discovery Park from 534 acres to 562 acres.
This opposition is not giving adequate weight to our city's very real emergency. There are 8,522 homeless Seattleites. Whatever the final plan in Magnolia, it is imperative that housing for the homeless remain part of the mix.
Magnolia's opposition has not come out of nowhere. Let's quickly review the history.
Back in 2005, the federal government started a process that ended up with 28 acres of the Fort Lawton Army Reserve Center (Fort Lawton) being declared surplus. Fort Lawton is currently a motley collection of ugly, abandoned government buildings, parking lots and lovely open space.
The feds have also designated the city of Seattle as the Local Redevelopment Authority for the site. The city can have the land for free provided it be used for public purposes like housing, a school or a park.
In 2008, Mayor Greg Nickels tried to develop housing at Fort Lawton, and claimed that their plan did not require an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) under the State Environmental Policy Act. Magnolia neighbors had to band together and sue. They won in King County Superior Court. The city made things even worse by appealing to the Washington State Court of Appeals and losing again.
City Hall's previous flouting of state law has left a strong feeling of distrust in Magnolia.
Magnolia hates Murray's vision
Fast forward to 2017 and Mayor Ed Murray.
On June 9, Murray walked right into this hornet's nest when they released their new vision for Fort Lawton.
Murray's new development would include the following: 85 studios for homeless people who are 55 or older, 75-100 apartments of workforce housing (available to, for example, a single person who has an income of $40,000 or less—60 percent of the area's median income) and 50 affordable town houses available for purchase, for example, by a single person with an income of $50,000 or less—80 percent of Seattle's median income. It would also feature 15 acres of open space including playfields, an off-leash dog area and concessions.
Murray's vision did not prove popular at the city's recent open houses on the topic.
On June 19, three-hundred Magnolia neighbors packed the first open house and the level of hostility was so high that they seized a microphone from city staff and held their own public-comment session.
Murray has learned at least one lesson from Nickels' mistakes. This time, city hall is conducting an EIS as required by state law. The EIS process requires that the city study a number of alternatives. Therefore, the city has suggested four: 1) a mix of affordable housing and a park (as detailed above), 2) a market-rate housing development, 3) a public park and 4) no action. The whole EIS process takes time and the final step, a vote by the city council on the mayor's final plan, won't occur until summer 2018 at the earliest.
The horse race between housing and a park
Let's handicap these alternatives' chances.
Murray has made it quite clear that they prefer the affordable housing option. Even though they leave office in December 2017, it never hurts a proposal to be city hall's favorite. Emily Alvarado, the Office of Housing's Manager of Policy and Equitable Development, says, “The mixed-income, affordable-housing alternative most reflects the city's vision.”
Unfortunately, there is no group in Magnolia that is pushing for the affordable-housing alternative.
The market-rate housing proposal seems unlikely to ever get support from city hall. When the average single-family home price in Magnolia is $838,358, using free land to subsidize this part of the housing market is a political non-starter.
Using Fort Lawton to expand Discovery Park has significant support from the Discovery Park Community Alliance. Its leader, Elizabeth Campbell, led the successful 2008 court battle. They say about the current fight, “The city is dealing with people who have money and are active in the community.” Their neighborhood support and their ability to tie up the city in court should not be discounted.
The no-action alternative is just a formality required by the EIS. City Hall is never going to let 28-acres of free land slip through its fingers.
But wait, things have gotten even more complicated!
A public high school comes on strong
The city received around 2,000 public comments on the alternatives, according to the Office of Housings' Alvarado. Over half, 1,116, they explain, came from the Fort Lawton School Coalition that sponsored an on-line petition to add a Seattle public high school to the list of alternatives for the site.
Currently, Magnolia high school students are assigned to Ballard High School. There are, however, real capacity issues with the city's schools including Ballard. And Magnolia has a lot of children—at least by Seattle's standards. Out of 78 Seattle neighborhoods analyzed by StatisticalAtlas.com, Magnolia ranks 11th with its population of 3,500 children.
That is one reason that Seattle Public Schools has been planning a 2023 opening for a new high-school sports stadium and a 1,500-seat high school on the site of Memorial Stadium and its parking lot at Seattle Center. The new high school would serve Magnolia and Queen Anne as well as other neighborhoods. The site might, however, be too small.
This fall, the city can add a school alternative in the next step of the Fort Lawton EIS. The Office of Housing's Alvarado says the city and Seattle Public Schools are now seriously evaluating Fort Lawton as a site for a new high school. “We are doing our due diligence with Seattle Public Schools,” Alvarado says.
If the school district decides that it wants Fort Lawton, city hall will seriously consider it. The city council knows the public schools are struggling and won't want to be a roadblock.
If the school district doesn't want the site, the Fort Lawton School Coalition is already lawyering up and may well mount a court battle.
Homeless people desperately need part of Fort Lawton for housing. Unfortunately, they lack the money and political power to safeguard their interests. The lack of dollars and clout is one of many reasons Seattle's state of emergency on homelessness shows no sign of easing any time soon.
Questions, tips, comments: georgehowlandjr@gmail.com
Award winning journalist George Howland Jr has been hired by Seattle Displacement Coalition to write for Outside City Hall about city politics, housing, homelessness and land use.  They are not a member of Seattle Displacement Coalition and no part of their writing serves as a statement of the Coalition's views. They work under their own editorial direction. The Coalition plays no role in choosing their specific subjects or editing their copy. They have never even been to a Huskies' football game with the Coalition's John Fox.
White dwarfs forming in extreme magnetic fields could be stabilized, allowing them to get bigger before they explode, leading to a brighter bang when they finally do, according to a team of researchers in India. Type Ia supernovae, caused by exploding white dwarfs, are often used by astronomers as “standard candles” to calculate the distance to a point in space because they are extremely bright and usually have similar luminosity. But some anomalously bright type Ia supernovae that scientists could not explain have been observed recently and the new work could provide an explanation for them.
A white dwarf is a star that has used all its hydrogen and helium and is too cool to burn carbon. It has therefore collapsed into a highly dense state. With no source of energy, it glows only because of residual heat, and over billions of years it will cool down and become a black dwarf, if it is left undisturbed.
Limits on stellar evolution
In 1935 the Indian astrophysicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar famously showed that a star would not form a white dwarf if its mass was greater than 1.44 solar masses because the core temperature would be sufficient to ignite carbon fusion. If a star's mass increased beyond this “Chandrasekhar limit” of 1.44 solar masses after it has collapsed to form a white dwarf, the star shrinks still further. The loss in gravitational potential energy causes an increase in temperature, and a runaway fusion process begins, creating a massive thermonuclear explosion that obliterates the star in seconds.
Because type Ia supernovae are almost always formed by the thermonuclear explosion of an object with about the same mass, they almost always have about the same brightness. Observations of distant type Ia supernovae proved the expansion of the universe was accelerating, a discovery rewarded with the 2011 Nobel Prize for Physics. However, there have been a small number of troubling observations recently of nearby type Ia supernovae that are abnormally bright, and which appear to have been formed by the detonation of a white dwarf well above the Chandrasekhar limit. The absence of a satisfactory model for how these could be produced has placed a question mark over the use of type Ia supernovae as standard candles for observing distant galaxies.
Super-sizing
In the new research, Upasana Das and Banibrata Mukhopadhyay of the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore suggest that these “super-Chandrasekhar” white dwarfs might occur in very high magnetic fields. Such fields, they reason, could stabilize a white dwarf of mass up to 2.58 solar masses by a process known as Landau quantization. This would increase the stellar remnant's resistance to gravitational collapse, allowing it to continue accreting mass until it reached a higher limit. At this point it would detonate with an even bigger bang than would otherwise have been possible.
But how might such a field be generated? Das and colleagues point out that magnetic fields of 107–108 G can be detected in about 25% of accreting white dwarfs. If such a star collapses, the magnetic flux is conserved, while the radius is reduced dramatically. The magnetic fields therefore become orders of magnitude stronger.
Mukhodpadhyay now believes that the team needs to focus on observing a larger sample of highly magnetized white dwarfs in the hope of observing this spike in field as one collapses. “You start with an observed white dwarf of field 109 G,” says Mukhopadhyay, “Later on, it should pass through an intermediate phase when the field increases to 1011 G – those we have not seen yet.” They caution, however, that an increase in field might not be detectable if the matter accreting onto the white dwarf caused magnetic shielding.
Impressive increase
Mukhopadhyay believes that it is too early to say whether the model has any direct implications for the expansion rate of the universe. They do, however, tell physicsworld.com that “the existence of super-Chandrasekhar white dwarfs is a major paradigm shift in our understanding of white dwarfs and several of the related results may have to be examined in this light”.
Jeffrey Silverman, an astrophysicist at the University of Texas at Austin, says the paper presents “a pretty impressive increase in the maximum white dwarf mass which, as they point out, matches some of these recent observations – or at least gets closer to them”.  They are more sceptical, however, about the researchers' claims of a paradigm shift: “We've seen very few of these super-Chandrasekhar objects. They're very rare, they're pretty distinguishable from more typical type Ia supernovae that we use for cosmology. It's highly unlikely that our calculations of the history of the universe would have many – if any – of these objects contaminating them.”
The research in published in Physical Review Letters.
Things keep getting worse for North American bats. Nearly seven million from various species have now fallen victim to the deadly but little-understood disease known as white-nose syndrome (WNS) since it was first observed in February 2006. The fungus that causes WNS, Geomyces destructans, has quickly spread from cave to cave and state to state, and the disease itself was confirmed for the first time west of the Mississippi River this week. This makes 19 U.S. states and four Canadian provinces where the disease can now be found. WNS has a 70 to 100 percent mortality rate; it has no cure or treatment, nor is it entirely clear how it kills bats.
The Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) confirmed April 2 that WNS had been found on three bats in two caves, exactly two years after the fungus was first observed there. "White-nose syndrome in Missouri is following the deadly pattern it has exhibited elsewhere," Mollie Matteson, a bat specialist with the Center for Biological Diversity (CBD), said in a prepared statement. "First the fungus shows up on a few healthy bats. A couple of years later, the disease strikes. And if the pattern continues, we can expect that in another few years, the majority of Missouri's hibernating bats will be dead."
The names and locations of the Missouri caves, which are closed to the public, were not disclosed in order to limit the chance of humans accidentally stressing the remaining bats. "Disturbing bats in caves while they roost or hibernate can increase their stress and further weaken their health," MDC bat biologist Tony Elliott said in a prepared statement.
WNS has, in just the past few weeks, been confirmed in Delaware, Alabama, Maine's Acadia National Park, and Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Tennessee and North Carolina. The disease has also spread to new locations in Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana. The fungus appears to be transmitted from bat to bat, or by humans visiting bat caves. The disease threatens four endangered species: Indiana bats (Myotis sodalis), which have been killed by WNS: gray bats (Myotis grisescens), on which the fungus has been found; and the Virginia big-eared bat (Corynorhinus townsendii virginianus) and the Ozark big-eared bat (Plecotus townsendii ingens), both of which live in areas affected by the fungus.
As the WNS name suggests, the fungus first manifests as white fuzz on the faces of infected hibernating bats, but according to the U.S. Geological Survey's Fort Collins Science Center, the real damage may come when it spreads to bats' wings: "Wing membranes represent about 85 percent of a bat's total surface area and play a critical role in balancing complex physiological processes. Healthy wing membranes are vital to bats, as they help regulate body temperature, blood pressure, water balance and gas exchange—not to mention the ability to fly and to feed." According to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), bats with WNS behave uncharacteristically, such as flying outdoors during the cold winter months or gathering at cave mouths when they should be hibernating. Such behavior could cause bats to burn off their winter fat reserves, leaving them susceptible to freezing or starvation.
Although WNS and the Geomyces destructans fungus appear to have no effect on humans, their potential impact on human health is troubling. As the bats disappear, growing insect populations could spread disease or devastate agricultural crops. Citing just the most recently afflicted state as an example, Missouri's 775,000 gray bats eat more than 223 billion bugs each year, according to the CBD. Although the potential effect on U.S. agriculture has not yet been felt, a recent study found that the loss of North American bats could lead to agricultural losses of more than $3.7 billion per year.
Research into WNS is ongoing, and there are a few small rays of hope. Some European bat populations that have come in contact with the G. destructans fungus appear to be resistant to it, and in fact some scientists theorize the fungus may have originated in Europe and recently been carried to the New World by humans. In addition, a few small populations of little brown bats (Myotis lucifugus) in Pennsylvania and Vermont also appear to have remained healthy despite three years of contact with the fungus, for as-yet-unknown reasons.
For more information on WNS, visit the FWS resource page about white-nose syndrome, including their safety guide for cavers, or follow FWS's White-Nose Syndrome in Bats page on Facebook. The CBD's Save Our Bats campaign offers several actions people can take to encourage government efforts to help slow the spread of the disease.
Photos: White-nose syndrome on a little brown bat (Myotis lucifugus) taken March 30, 2012, in Missouri, courtesy of Missouri Department of Conservation. Map of white-nose syndrome by county/district as of March 30, 2012. Courtesy of Cal Butchkoski, Pennsylvania Game Commission, via the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Correction April 4: The list of affected endangered bat species has been updated.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump appears on the NBC "Today" television program in New York Thursday, April 21, 2016.
Donald Trump is headed back to college in Southeastern Pennsylvania, but this time it's just to rally supporters ahead of Tuesday's primary election.
The Republican presidential candidate and Wharton School graduate will appear at West Chester University on Monday, the university announced Friday night.
Trump's campaign will hold the event in the school's Hollinger Field House at 4 p.m. Tickets are required.
In a statement to the university community, West Chester University's interim president Christopher Fiorentino said the state school provides access to its facilities to outside parties. They stressed that the rally doesn't act as an endorsement of the divisive and flamboyant candidate.
Trump leads the GOP presidential race in delegates and polling. They campaigned in Harrisburg Thursday night and Harrington, Delaware Friday.
Tickets for the event are being reserved through Trump's campaign website.
Pennsylvania's primary election is being held Tuesday.
Photos Raccoon Perched in Center City Tree Causes Spectacle
"Students for a Democratic Society," a West Chester University student group, announced Sunday they would protest Trump's rally.
"We the students do not accept the racist, homophobic, and anti-woman Trump," a group spokesperson wrote in a released statement. "He is free to speak their mind, but not at our campus."
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- New Democrats are proposing key reforms to the federal Access to Information Act, saying the system is in 'crisis.'
MP Pat Martin, who is also chair of the House of Commons committee on access to information, accused successive Liberal and Conservative ministers of breaking their promises to fix the legislation.
Martin told a news conference the NDP wants to give Canada's information watchdog the power to order departments and agencies to comply with the law and release documents.
Currently, the information commissioner of Canada has only limited powers and must sometimes go to court to challenge recalcitrant departments who refuse to turn over documents.
The party also says the commissioner, currently Suzanne Legault, should have the power to examine cabinet documents.
Under the law, the government can withhold documents deemed to be cabinet confidences, and the commissioner has no power to review the decision by inspecting the material.
The NDP also wants the law to cover the administrative records of the House of Commons and the Senate, though constituency records and other documents within MPs' offices would still be off limits.
"Freedom of information is a cornerstone of accountable government -- but our system is in crisis," Martin said in a statement.
"Conservatives must honour their promises and work with us to fix Canada's broken access to information laws."
Two of the reforms proposed Monday by the NDP were campaign planks in the Conservative platform for the 2006 election, which brought the party to power.
The "Stand up for Canada" platform booklet from the campaign said a Conservative government would "give the information commissioner the power to order the release of information."
The platform document also said the party would "subject the exclusion of cabinet confidences to review by the information commissioner."
The Conservatives did deliver on one related promise, that is, making Crown corporations subject to the act, including the CBC and Canada Post.
Legault, the current information commissioner, has supported reforms that would give them limited order-making powers for administrative matters, such as overdue responses.
A report on their wide-ranging review of the act is expected later this fall.
The Access to Information Act, which came into force in 1983 before the digital age, has never had a top-to-bottom overhaul.
Our source for Live+7 DVR ratings includes only original programs, excluding specials and repeats (which are unlikely to be heavily DVR viewed). Do the Live+7 ratings tell us anything about a show's renewal prospects we didn't already know from the Live+Same Day ratings? No. Click here to learn more.
Scorpion was the week's top gainer, adding 1.3 adults 18-49 ratings points.
Person of Interest topped the percentage adults 18-49 ratings increase from Live + 7 viewing, adding 85 percent to its Live+Same Day adults 18-49 ratings.
NCIS gained the most viewers in Live + 7 ratings, adding 4.180 million viewers from Live + Same Day ratings.
Largest 18-49 Ratings Increase From Live + 7 Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows December 15-21, 2014:
Rank Shows Net 18-49 L+SD (Rating) 18-49 L+7 (Rating) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) 1 SCORPION-12/15 CBS 2.0 3.3 1.3 65% 2 NCIS-12/16 CBS 2.4 3.6 1.2 50% 3 People OF INTEREST-12/16 CBS 1.3 2.4 1.1 85% 4 ELEMENTARY-12/18 CBS 1.3 2.3 1.0 77% 5 NCIS: LOS ANGELES-12/15 CBS 1.6 2.6 1.0 63% 6 CSI-12/21 CBS 1.3 2.1 0.8 62% 7 NCIS: NEW ORLEANS-12/16 CBS 1.9 2.7 0.8 42% 8 TWO AND A HALF MEN-12/18 CBS 1.9 2.7 0.8 42% 9 2 BROKE GIRLS-12/15 CBS 2.1 2.9 0.8 38% 10 SURVIVOR-12/17 CBS 2.4 3.1 0.7 29% 11 STATE OF AFFAIRS-12/15 NBC 1.5 2.2 0.7 47% 12 VOICE-12/15 NBC 2.8 3.5 0.7 25% 13 AMAZING RACE-12/19 CBS 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% 14 Mentalists, THE-12/21 CBS 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% 15 MASTERCHEF JUNIOR-12/16 FOX 1.7 2.3 0.6 35% 16 VOICE-TUE-12/16 NBC 3.3 3.9 0.6 18% 17 MIKE & MOLLY-12/15 CBS 1.8 2.3 0.5 28% 18 MOM-12/18 CBS 2.3 2.8 0.5 22% 19 HELLs KITCHEN-12/17 FOX 1.3 1.8 0.5 38% 20 HUNDRED, THE-12/17 CW 0.5 0.9 0.4 80% 21 BIGGEST LOSER 16-12/18 NBC 0.9 1.3 0.4 44% 22 MCCARTHYS, THE-12/18 CBS 1.6 1.9 0.3 19% 23 HART OF DIXIE-12/15 CW 0.4 0.7 0.3 75% 24 JANE THE VIRGIN-12/15 CW 0.5 0.8 0.3 60% 25 DATELINE FRI-12/19 NBC 1.3 1.6 0.3 23%
–
Largest 18-49 Percentage Increase From Live + 7 Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows December 15-21, 2014:
Rank Shows Net 18-49 L+SD (Rating) 18-49 L+7 (Rating) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) 1 PERSON OF INTEREST-12/16 CBS 1.3 2.4 1.1 85% 2 HUNDRED, THE-12/17 CW 0.5 0.9 0.4 80% 3 ELEMENTARY-12/18 CBS 1.3 2.3 1.0 77% 4 HART OF DIXIE-12/15 CW 0.4 0.7 0.3 75% 1 SCORPION-12/15 CBS 2.0 3.3 1.3 65% 2 NCIS: LOS ANGELES-12/15 CBS 1.6 2.6 1.0 63% 3 CSI-12/21 CBS 1.3 2.1 0.8 62% 4 JANE THE VIRGIN-12/15 CW 0.5 0.8 0.3 60% 5 NCIS-12/16 CBS 2.4 3.6 1.2 50% 6 STATE OF AFFAIRS-12/15 NBC 1.5 2.2 0.7 47% 7 AMAZING RACE-12/19 CBS 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% 8 MENTALIST, THE-12/21 CBS 1.3 1.9 0.6 46% 9 BIGGEST LOSER 16-12/18 NBC 0.9 1.3 0.4 44% 10 NCIS: NEW ORLEANS-12/16 CBS 1.9 2.7 0.8 42% 11 TWO AND A HALF MEN-12/18 CBS 1.9 2.7 0.8 42% 12 HELLs KITCHEN-12/17 FOX 1.3 1.8 0.5 38% 13 2 BROKE GIRLS-12/15 CBS 2.1 2.9 0.8 38% 14 MASTERCHEF JUNIOR-12/16 FOX 1.7 2.3 0.6 35% 15 SURVIVOR-12/17 CBS 2.4 3.1 0.7 29% 16 MIKE & MOLLY-12/15 CBS 1.8 2.3 0.5 28% 17 VOICE-12/15 NBC 2.8 3.5 0.7 25% 18 TASTE, THE-12/18 ABC 0.8 1.0 0.2 25% 19 MULANEY-12/21 FOX 0.4 0.5 0.1 25% 20 DATELINE FRI-12/19 NBC 1.3 1.6 0.3 23% 21 MOM-12/18 CBS 2.3 2.8 0.5 22% 22 MCCARTHYS, THE-12/18 CBS 1.6 1.9 0.3 19% 23 VOICE-TUE-12/16 NBC 3.3 3.9 0.6 18% 24 20/20-FRI-12/19 ABC 1.1 1.3 0.2 18% 25 60 MINUTES-12/21 CBS 2.2 2.3 0.1 5%
–
Largest Viewership Increase From Live + 7 Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows December 15-21, 2014:
Rank Shows Net Viewership L+SD (000) Viewership L+7 (000) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) 1 NCIS-12/16 CBS 17530 21710 4180 24% 2 SCORPION-12/15 CBS 10070 14148 4078 40% 3 People OF INTEREST-12/16 CBS 8937 12994 4057 45% 4 NCIS: LOS ANGELES-12/15 CBS 9542 13299 3757 39% 5 ELEMENTARY-12/18 CBS 7574 11220 3646 48% 6 NCIS: NEW ORLEANS-12/16 CBS 14137 17279 3142 22% 7 STATE OF AFFAIRS-12/15 NBC 6191 8961 2770 45% 8 CSI-12/21 CBS 7340 9952 2612 36% 9 MENTALIST, THE-12/21 CBS 8677 10945 2268 26% 10 TWO AND A HALF MEN-12/18 CBS 8809 10763 1954 22% 11 SURVIVOR-12/17 CBS 9786 11682 1896 19% 12 VOICE-TUE-12/16 NBC 12880 14720 1840 14% 13 2 BROKE GIRLS-12/15 CBS 7807 9570 1763 23% 14 VOICE-12/15 NBC 12088 13724 1636 14% 15 AMAZING RACE-12/19 CBS 6588 8178 1590 24% 16 MIKE & MOLLY-12/15 CBS 7818 9285 1467 19% 17 MASTERCHEF JUNIOR-12/16 FOX 5611 6998 1387 25% 18 MOM-12/18 CBS 10011 11316 1305 13% 19 HELLs KITCHEN-12/17 FOX 3617 4776 1159 32% 20 BIGGEST LOSER 16-12/18 NBC 3833 4852 1019 27% 21 HUNDRED, THE-12/17 CW 1395 2321 926 66% 22 MCCARTHYS, THE-12/18 CBS 6955 7787 832 12% 23 DATELINE FRI-12/19 NBC 6768 7483 715 11% 24 20/20-FRI-12/19 ABC 4944 5580 636 13% 25 JANE THE VIRGIN-12/15 CW 1284 1903 619 48%
–
Follow TV by the Numbers on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, Tumblr or RSS for all the latest.
Python & C# – Background
Let's clear the air. Using Python and C# together isn't anything new. If you've used one of these languages and at least heard of the other, then you've probably heard of IronPython. IronPython lets you use both C# and Python together. Pretty legit. If you haven't tried it out yet, hopefully your brain is starting to whir and fizzle thinking about the possibilities.
My development experiences are primarily in C# and before that it was VB .NET (So I'm pretty attached to the whole .NET framework… We're basically best friends at this point). However, pretty early in my career (my first co-op at Engenuity Corporation, really) I was introduced to Python. I had never really used a dynamic or implicitly typed language, so it was quite an adventure and learning experience.
Unfortunately, aside from my time at EngCorp, I hadn't really had a use to continue on with Python development. Lately, I've had a spark of curiosity. I'm comfortable with C#, sure, but is that enough? There are lots of great programming languages out there! It's hard for me to break out of my comfort zone though. I'm used to C# and the awesomeness of Visual Studio, so how could I ever break free from these two things?
Well… I don't have to yet.
Python Tools for Visual Studio
This was a nice little treasure to stumble upon:
Free/OSS Python Tools for VS 2.0 RC is out! See it: http://t.co/K4eBQE2dqv – then download it: http://t.co/lbiViGC8lF — VisualStudio (@VisualStudio) September 10, 2013
But I didn't really know what it was all about. I had heard of IronPython, and I knew I could use Python with C# together, so what exactly is “Python Tools“?
After I watched the video that the Visual Studio team tweeted out, I was captivated. Did this mean I could revisit python without having to leave the comfort of my favourite IDE? You bet. First thing I did after watching this video (and yes, I somehow managed to hold back the excitement and wait until the video was done) was fire up Visual Studio. I run with Visual Studio 2012 (the dark theme too) so in my screenshots that's what you'll be seeing. Once Visual Studio has loaded:
Go to the “Tools” menu at the top of the IDE.
Select the “Extensions and Updates…” menu item.
You should see the “Extensions and Updates” dialog window now.
You're going to want to search for “Python Tools” after you've selected the “Online” option on the left side of the dialog. It should look something like this:
After you've followed all of the installation instructions, it's time to make sure the installation worked. Simple enough!
Go to the “File” menu at the top of the IDE.
Go to the “New” menu item.
Select the “Project…” menu item.
You should now see the “New Project” dialog
To ensure Python is now available, try seeing if you have Python project templates available:
Hopefully it's there. If not, or if you have any other installation questions, I highly recommend you refer to the official site and follow along there. This is what got me up and running with my current machine, but if your setup is slightly different you should definitely follow their instructions. That's it! You have Python Tools! But what else would make your C#, Python, and Visual Studio experience EVEN BETTER? The answer to that question is of course IronPython. Head on over to this page and get yourself setup with the latest cut of IronPython. Once that's setup, you should have all the fancy tools you need!
Print to Console – Your First C#/Python Application
I'm sure you feel the excitement building. I'll start by saying the code is all available online, so even though I'll have snippets and pictures here, you can download all of the source and follow along that way if you want. Otherwise, I'll do my best to walk you through how I set things up! This application is going to be pretty simple. It's a tiny bit bigger than a “Hello World” application, with the difference being that you tell Python what you want to print to the console. Easy-peasy, right?
First up, let's make a new C# console project.
From Visual Studio, go to the “File” menu at the top of the IDE.
Select the “New” menu item.
Select the “Project” menu item.
You should see the “New Project” dialog.
Select the “Visual C#” template on the left of the dialog.
Select “Console Application”.
In the framework dropdown at the top of the dialog, select .NET 4.5
Fill in the details for where you want to save your project.
Press “OK”! And we're off!
Now that you have a console application you're going to want to add in all the dependencies we need. If you look at the project in your solution explorer, you're going to want to add the following dependencies:
If you're having trouble getting the dependencies set up, remember you can always download the source projects I've put together. Now that you have all the necessary dependencies, here's the source for our little application:
using System; using System.Collections.Generic; using System.Text; using System.Diagnostics; using IronPython.Hosting; namespace PrintToConsole { internal class Program { private static void Main() { Console.WriteLine("What would you like to print from python?"); var input = Console.ReadLine(); var py = Python.CreateEngine(); try { py.Execute("print('From Python: " + input + "')"); } catch (Exception ex) { Console.WriteLine("Oops! We couldn't print your message because of an exception: " + ex.Message); } Console.WriteLine("Press enter to exit..."); Console.ReadLine(); } } }
Let's walk through what this code is doing:
First we're getting input from the user. This is some pretty basic C# stuff, but we're simply printing a message to the console and taking in the text the user enters before they press enter.
Next, we create a Python engine instance. This is the class that's going to be responsible for executing python for us!
The code that exists within the try block tells our engine instance to execute some python code. The print() method that you see being passed to the engine is the syntax since Python 3.0. The parameter that we're passing into the print() method is a python string… but we're sticking our user input inside of it as well! It's also important to note that we're building up a C# string that contains all of the Python code that will be executed and passing that to the engine.
I have a catch block here to catch any unexpected problems. Can you think of any? What happens if your user input some text with a single quote?
The last part of the application just asks the user to press enter when they are all done.
Simple! There's your first C# + Python application! You can see the source for the whole thing over here.
Run External Script
So this is great: you can now run some python code from within C#. Totally awesome. But what about all those python scripts you have written up already? Do you need to start copying and pasting them into C# code files and start to try and format them nicely? The answer is no, thankfully! Let's start by following the exact same steps as outlined in the first example. You should be able to set up a new .NET 4.5 C# console project and add in all the same dependencies. Once you have that put together, you can use the following source code:
using System; using System.Collections.Generic; using System.Text; using IronPython.Hosting; namespace RunExternalScript { internal class Program { private static void Main(string[] args) { Console.WriteLine("Press enter to execute the python script!"); Console.ReadLine(); var py = Python.CreateEngine(); try { py.ExecuteFile("script.py"); } catch (Exception ex) { Console.WriteLine("Oops! We couldn't execute the script because of an exception: " + ex.Message); } Console.WriteLine("Press enter to exit..."); Console.ReadLine(); } } }
This script looks similar, right? Before I explain what it does, let's add in the Python script that you'll be executing from this console application.
Right-click on your project in the solution explorer.
Select the “Add” menu item from the context menu.
Select the “New Item…” menu item.
You should see the “Add New Item” dialog.
You'll want to add a new text file called “script.py”.
It should look a little something like this:
The next really important step is to ensure that this script gets copied to the output directory. To do this, select your newly added script file in the solution explorer and change the “Copy to Output Directory” setting to “Copy Always”. Now when you build your project, you should see your script.py file get copied to the build directory. Woo! You can put any python code you want inside of the script file, but I started with something simple:
print('Look at this python code go!')
Okay, so back to the C# code now. This example looks much like the first example.
Wait for the user to press enter before executing the Python script. Just to make sure they're ready!
Create our engine instance, just like in the first example.
In the try block, we tell the engine to execute our script file. Because we had the file copy to the output directory, we can just use a relative path to the file here.
Again, we've wrapped the whole thing inside of a try/catch to ensure any mistakes you have in your python script get caught. Try putting some erroneous Python code in the script file and running. What happens?
Finally, make sure the user is content with the output and wait for them to press Enter before exiting.
Look how easy that was! Now you can choose to execute Python code generated in C# OR execute external Python scripts!
Summary
It's awesome to see that you expressed an interest in trying to marry these two languages together inside of a powerful IDE. We're only breaking through the surface here, and admittedly I'm still quite new to integrating Python and C# together. I need to re-familiarize myself with Python, but I can already see there is a ton of potential for writing some really cool applications this way.
In the near future, I'll be discussing how the dynamic keyword in C# can actually allow you to create classes in Python and use them right inside of C#… Dynamically!
Both of these pages were helpful in getting me up and running with C# and Python together:
Source code for these projects is available at the following locations:
This country's latest official apology was issued Monday by Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, who delivered their government's response to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission by formally acknowledging “generations of abuse” and “injustices inflicted upon indigenous communities.”
It is appropriate for those now in power to recognize and express regret for historical injustices committed by the institutions they represent. It would be even more impressive if Wynne and other leaders like them could find time to apologize for their own government's errors and boondoggles, in addition to mistakes made by people long dead or out of office.
Ontario's Liberals have much to apologize for over their 13 years in office: epic bungling on the energy file, gross mishandling of public finances, the affront to the rule of law Wynne and their predecessor Dalton McGuinty tolerated during the native confrontation at Caledonia.
The premier is by no means unique in this regard. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau recently apologized for the regrettable 1914 Komagata Maru incident in which hundreds of Indians seeking a better life in Canada were turned away, but has yet to breathe a word of contrition over a remarkable and rapidly growing list of broken election promises.
In 1988, Brian Mulroney apologized for the wartime internment of Japanese Canadians and offered compensation to individuals, as did president Ronald Reagan in the United States. While it would have been preferable for the apology to come sooner, ideally from those who were actually responsible, it was better late than never. But we're still waiting for Mulroney to demonstrate a sign of regret for putting the country through two harrowing rounds of failed constitutional reform at a time the economy could have used much greater attention.
Neither is Canada alone in its propensity to offer amends over actions that occurred well before current leaders took office. While Reagan was willing to pay out US$20,000 to each surviving victim of incarceration, they couldn't bring themselves to utter the words “sorry” or “apology” in a March 4, 1987, speech accepting responsibility for their role in the Iran-Contra scandal.
Still, Reagan outperformed British prime minister Tony Blair, who in 1997 regretted English indifference to the Irish potato famine, which took place more than a century before their birth, but still refuses to accept blame for Britain's part in the Iraq war. In a 2015 interview they related: “I apologize for the fact that the intelligence we received was wrong. I also apologize for some of the mistakes in planning and, certainly, our mistake in our understanding of what would happen once you removed the regime.” But “I find it hard to apologize for removing Saddam.”
Blair's semi-apology certainly bested Japanese emperor Hirohito, who reigned until 1989 despite personal culpability for Japan's actions in the Second World War, telling South Korea's president in 1984 “it is regrettable that there was an unfortunate period in this century.” A far better model is South Africa's former president F.W. de Klerk, who first supported and then helped demolish apartheid, making amends in deed and word for crimes they themselves helped bring about.
It is easy to be sorry for the wrongdoings of others and smug about our own
“We can only be just in our time,” prime minister Pierre Trudeau said in 1969, about wrongs to aboriginal, Japanese and Acadian Canadians. They were wrong. We can and should acknowledge past injustice and, where possible, compensate people who have valid claims to redress. But if we do not intend to be just in our own time — and Trudeau was wiser in theory than practice on this point — it is a sham to proclaim pious sorrow over the annexation of Schleswig-Holstein or the defenestration of Prague while ignoring failings in carrying out our own responsibilities.
To seek justice in our own time is particularly important because “historic” apologies have become commonplace, to the point of appearing cheapened. Trudeau's recent expression of regret over the Komagata Maru was issued despite the fact then-prime minister Stephen Harper had already apologized in 2008, several months after an official apology in the British Columbia legislature.
It is easy to be sorry for the wrongdoings of others and smug about our own. Sorrow that other generations were less than perfect hardly absolves those whose decisions have more immediate effect. Canadians shouldn't have to wait decades to hear an elected leader confirm what everyone already knew: that they're eminently fallible, and prove it all the time.
National Post
Chief of Army, Lieutenant General David Morrison speaks to the media during a press conference in Canberra. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen There are also suggestions that illicit drug use may be involved. The Army chief lamented that the email claims came after significant efforts to encourage women to join and stay in the Army. ''I'm appalled at this situation,'' General Morrison said. General Morrison said that three Army members have already been suspended and are persons of interest to the NSW Police.
Five Army personnel are under consideration for suspension and evidence is being collected in relation to a further nine. General Morrison told reporters that a broader group of about 90 Defence personnel - overwhelmingly from the Army - may be on the periphery of the group involved in the email exchanges. They said the allegations involve the production and distribution of ''highly inappropriate'' material across both defence computer systems and the internet over the past three years. In some of the messages that have been examined, there is a ''suspicion of reference to illicit drugs and no more than that at the moment''. A spokesperson for NSW Police said Kings Cross Local Area Command established Strike Force Civet in July 2012 to investigate the alleged exchange of offensive emails by Australia Defence Force personnel.
''The investigation into the activities of three ADF personnel has been finalised,'' they said. ''A brief has been prepared and forwarded to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions.'' 'Worse than Skype scandal' General Morrison said they were keeping an open mind about the investigations underway, but added "I view the allegations that are being made in the gravest light". They said the claims brought the Army into disrepute and they were resolved that, if proven, every possible step would be taken to remove the perpetrators.
General Morrison said they were not able to go into detail about the emails and photos exchanged across the Defence system and public internet, but said they were explicit, derogatory and demeaning and ''repugnant to me''. When asked if the latest allegations were a repeat of the Skype scandal, they were it was "worse". The so-called ''Skype scandal'' refers to an incident in 2011 when a cadet, known as Kate, discovered their sexual encounter with another cadet had allegedly been streamed, without their consent, via Skype to other male cadets. It prompted wide-ranging reviews into abuse within Defence, and calls for cultural change within the military. General Morrison said the group under investigation involved officers and non-commissioned officers, including a lieutenant colonel, majors, captains and warrant officers.
It is understood that the female victims include ADF personnel, public servants and members of the broader public. 'Army is changing' General Morrison said they were not able to answer how the matter came the attention of authorities. But they said the Australian Defence Force Investigative Service (ADFIS) told ADF chief David Hurley about the matter on April 10. General Morrison was overseas at the time but was told when they returned soon after. Defence Minister Stephen Smith was also informed at the time.
General Morrison said that Defence leadership no longer accepted the ''bad apple'' argument about behaviour within its ranks. ''The Army is changing and what you are seeing today is evidence of that change and my commitment to transparency.'' Sex Discrimination Commissioner Elizabeth Broderick, who led a recent review into the ADF's treatment of women, said they were appalled by the revelations. "It's just totally unacceptable," they told ABC TV. They said there were a lot of positive aspects of the Defence culture but said they had also heard "deeply distressing stories in certain pockets about highly sexualised work environments."
In a statement following General Morrison's press conference, Mr Smith said they strongly supported the Army chief's actions. "I welcome the strong response that demonstrates in the post-ADFA Skype environment a zero tolerance for this type of behaviour," they said. "The government and Defence leadership are committed to pursuing the reform necessary to ensure zero tolerance of inappropriate conduct." Opposition defence spokesperson David Johnston said that the allegations raised on Thursday were of ''great concern'' to the Coalition. But although the allegations were serious, they said they had confidence ADFIS would investigate them thoroughly and properly.
Senator Johnston said they would seek an urgent briefing with the Chief of the Army to be kept updated with the progress of the investigations. with Emma Partridge, AAP
Follow the National Times on Twitter
From the Field
urple sky reflected on rippling waters, a heron squawking from the reeds, thousands of whistling wings overhead: can there possibly be a better place for a naturalist to spend sunrise than a marsh?
Spend a morning on a wetland, and you can still see some of the world's greatest bird flocks: ducks, geese, herons, egrets, shorebirds and more stretched to the horizon, creating an unbelievable symphony of quacks and honks and squeaks that will echo in your head hours later.
A level of abundance we usually associate with an earlier time: still here.
For now.
Have conservationists taken this wetland protection for granted? Are we at risk of losing one of our all-time greatest conservation successes?
These questions were central at the recent Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership media summit, an annual gathering held this year in North Dakota—near some of the best waterfowl breeding habitat on the continent. As the summit made perfectly clear, that habitat is facing huge risks.
Conservationists responded to the loss of wetlands early in the twentieth century. Will we rally again?
“This is about more than ducks and fish,” says Tim Kizer, agricultural consultant for the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership. “This is about our water and soil, the true foundation of our national security. This issue should be of importance to everyone. We still have a chance to get it right.”
A Brief History Lesson
In the midst of the Great Depression, things weren't looking so good for wetlands or waterfowl. Despite better hunting regulations and the creation of the National Wildlife Refuge System, duck numbers continued to decline. With people starving, who could possibly care about birds?
Visionary conservationists saw wetlands draining away and gathered support to do something about it. Political cartoonist Jay Norwood “Ding” Darling created the Federal Duck Stamp program, a mandatory stamp for waterfowl hunters with proceeds going to purchase habitat. This program, one of the most efficient federal programs in history, has to date protected 5.3 million acres of habitat, much of it in the National Wildlife Refuge System.
Ducks Unlimited was formed by hunters concerned about habitat loss; the group has saved more than one million acres of waterfowl habitat in the prime wetland habitat of the Dakotas. The Nature Conservancy has purchased and restored wetlands across the country. I've stood on former cornfields now covered in marsh, with thousands of ducks flying overhead and native fish like alligator gar swimming below.
The result of this and other conservation work, including Farm Bill conservation programs, has been an unqualified success. Water birds—ducks, geese, herons, egrets—are usually among the few bright spots in the annual State of the Birds report. Their numbers are actually increasing.
The Dakotas, the heart of wetlands breeding habitat, has remained remarkably well protected. This is part of the “prairie pothole” country: small wetlands scoured in the prairie by glaciation.
Some states, like Iowa and Illinois, have lost 99 percent of their potholes. In the Dakotas, wetlands still dot the landscape. Adjacent prairie, often used compatibly for cattle ranching, provides additional cover for ducks. Many call this region the nation's “duck factory.”
It might seem like conservationists could declare “mission accomplished” on wetlands conservation. Except the work is not done. Not at all. In fact, wetlands are currently facing their biggest threats since the Great Depression.
A Conservation Legacy, Draining Away
The current story of wetlands comes down to this: the prices of commodity crops—corn and soybeans—are soaring. The prices are high enough that land formerly considered unprofitable to farm are now being tilled.
As Ducks Unlimited biologist Dr. Jim Ringelmann writes in their publication Potholes in Peril:
“Commodity prices, which are at or near all-time highs, provide a strong financial incentive to bring every acre into production. In the past, the wetland compliance provision in the Farm Fill, commonly known as Swampbuster, effectively deterred wetland drainage. But that deterrent is now weakening.”
Ringelman also notes that “other Farm Bill programs that were once linked to wetland protection, such as crop insurance, are no longer coupled with conservation compliance provisions.”
The combination of profit and lack of policy has led to a perfect storm. Our wetlands are, quite literally, draining away.
Plastic drain tiles can be easily and inexpensively installed to drain fields of wetlands, a practice that has already emptied many states of habitat. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimates that “1.4 million small wetlands are at high risk of drainage in the eastern Dakotas.”
Given the demands for food and fuel (in the form of ethanol), is there any hope for conserving wetlands?
“We have already started to lose what was an amazing conservation legacy,” says TRCP's Tim Kizer.
Beyond Ducks: Wetlands for People
There may be one problem with how the wetlands issue is so often framed: it's often all about the ducks.
To be clear: I am a passionate duck hunter and birder. I love waterfowl and the places they live. I am proud that I can identify the different waterfowl species in the air, in the fog, in the fading evening light. I lost my wedding ring in a duck marsh. I understand well the passion that has fueled wetland conservation to this point.
However, I also know how these debates are framed today. Birds versus food. Birds versus fuel. In such a debate, birds lose. Always.
“I grew up on a farm and am very pro-agriculture. And agriculture carries a very simple message: ‘We're feeding the world,'” says Kizer. “Who can possibly argue against feeding the world? Now, I'm not sure who exactly is eating all that field corn. That aside, ‘feeding the world' is a very simple and compelling message.”
But Kizer believes the “ducks versus food” argument obscures a major point: wetlands aren't just about ducks and other wildlife.
The literature on the ecosystem services provided by wetlands is extensive. Wetlands provide a buffer for flood control. They're nature's filters, removing toxins from water. Wetlands are very effective in removing nitrates and phosphates applied to agricultural fields, as experiments by the Conservancy on the Mackinaw River in Illinois have demonstrated.
In states like Iowa, where most wetlands have been removed, nitrates from farm fields go directly into tile drains and on into rivers—and on into drinking water reservoirs. The city of Des Moines spends about $8500 a day removing nitrates from drinking water. (Some cities, like Bloomington, Illinois, recognize that wetlands can provide a more cost-effective solution to removing nitrates).
Nitrates running off farm fields eventually end up in the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in a dead zone that dramatically affects commercial fishing and tourism industries.
“Every wetland that is drained, every prairie acre plowed, means more nitrates and phosphates in the water,” says Kizer. “This story of wetland drainage is one of long-term damage for short-term gain. “
Protecting wetlands, then, is protecting clean water, Gulf Coast fisheries and even community safety (in the form of flood control).
“The principal on our investment in wetlands conservation is clean water,” says Kizer. “The interest we're receiving on that investment is abundant wildlife. Ducks and fish are important to me. Clean water is important to everyone. And everyone has a stake in this issue.”
A Future with Wetlands
During the last major wetland crisis, the United States faced the Great Depression. Despite that, politicians and citizens recognized the importance of wetlands to the country's long-term future, and passed landmark legislation that protected them.
It wasn't easy: many politicians ridiculed a focus on ducks when people were out of jobs.
It won't be easy this time, either. Even a simple solution—raising the Federal Duck Stamp fee to purchase habitat—failed in Congress. And that was despite near universal support from hunting and birding groups, representing the people who buy duck stamps.
The Farm Bill is the largest source of conservation funding in the country, and at this time, it is unfunded. A functioning Farm Bill will be essential in conserving wetlands and prairies for the future.
This blog often promotes citizen science projects. Here's a simple one: get out to a marsh. Stand there in the dawn, and hear that loud, squawking, wonderful chorus of birds and frogs.
We all know clean water is important. The last wetland crisis was solved by people who had made it a practice to stand in marsh muck. They knew what was at stake. They knew that simple, common-sense measures could make all the difference.
Enjoy the marsh. Listen to that squawking, raucous chorus of birds and frogs. Feel the rush of wings overhead. Reflect on what early conservation leaders did to make that all possible. Then learn what you can do now. You ultimately will help decide whether the wetlands conservation story is coming to an end, or an enduring legacy of the conservation movement.
SCOTLAND'S leading rapper has criticised the country's arts funding body for failing to engage with the working class and people living in deprived areas.
Darren McGarvey, the writer, hip hop artist and rapper, better known by their stage name of Loki, has complained that Creative Scotland - the main funder of the nation's arts companies and artists - fails to help people from working class or deprived communities access its funds.
Mr McGarvey, from Pollok in Glasgow, said that in the world of hip hop, "you'll find people of all colours, genders and social backgrounds....we speak directly to the very deprived communities Creative Scotland [CS] can't get a foothold in, yet our art form remains misunderstood and undervalued.
"I think a lot of what CS does is really valuable, but it's time for us to really start challenging them, particularly on the issue of class."
Mr McGarvey is to explore this topic, among others, at an event at the Edinburgh College of Art this Sunday, entitled 'Not Funded by Creative Scotland: A Guide to Surviving The Post Referendum Hell-Scape.'
Speaking ahead of the event, they said that neither they nor anybody in the hip hop scene, ever applies to Creative Scotland for funds as they feel it is a waste of time.
"I've engaged thousands of people from a diverse range of social backgrounds, but I've never, at any point, felt like I should - or could - apply to CS.
"Many others feel the same and part of it's about class," they said.
They added that Creative Scotland is a big organisation with a broad remit, and "I don't doubt, for one second, the talent or good intentions of the people who work there" but added: "but it's also a bit of a gravy train for those artists who have insight into how the process works.
"If you study the open funding applications you see a lot of recurring names and themes."
Creative Scotland funds music largely through its Open Funding scheme which is open to bands and solo musical artists. The fund is also facing pressure on its finances in the forthcoming budget.
Mr McGarvey has been outspoken in the past about the way the cultural world engages with working class or deprived communities.
 They are shortly to publish, on Luath Press, their book Poverty Safari, which JK Rowling has praised as a "savage, wise and witty tour-de-force".
Irvine Welsh has praised the book, a social commentary as well as autobiography, as "an intellectual and spiritual rehab manual for the progressive left".
Mr McGarvey's event has been organised by The State Leith, a grass roots hip hop education organisation based in Leith, Edinburgh.
On Creative Scotland's class issue, they added: "People from further down the food-chain are often not part of the networks where information about funding is shared.
"So they always need chaperoned by someone who does.
"And the chaperones are usually from more affluent backgrounds.
"They want to parachute arts into communities but often lack insight into the needs, aspirations, language and customs of those places.
"It creates a dynamic where people feel spoken down to or exploited."
They added that "people from poorer backgrounds don't always do ourselves favours".
They said: "We can procrastinate from filling out forms because of anxiety or low-self-esteem. We can be unwilling to push ourselves beyond a comfort zone.
"But the creative industries seem willing to bend over backwards and contort itself to accommodate every demographic out there - except those from lower class backgrounds.
"This is because the ravine between the classes is now so wide that it's become very difficult to interact without offending each other or getting bogged down in power dynamics."
A spokesperson for Creative Scotland said: "We're keenly aware that barriers to access and progression exist, recently evidenced in our arts and diversity survey.
"We're using these findings to inform our work to address the barriers that obstruct people from accessing and engaging with culture and creativity or developing and progressing their careers.
"As a culture sector, we can address the lack of diversity, support career progression and challenge poor employment practices."
Mr McGarvey added: "My talk is not about pointing fingers, it's about self-knowledge and cultural diplomacy.
"A lot of people out there think the theatre they watch makes them cultured, but they wouldn't know what to do in a room full of working class young people.
"What is being 'cultured' even worth when you can only mix with people from the same social background as you? My work deals with crossing those barriers.
"Sadly, there's no way to approach this without upsetting some people."
Lady Gaga hosted a very special a fundraiser in partnership with SoulCycle to benefit their Born This Way Foundation on Tuesday in Chicago. Mother Monster drew a crowd of fans and photographers when they arrived at the event sporting a "Day of the Dead"-inspired makeup.
Gaga and their mother Cynthia rode bikes alongside guests to raise funds and awareness for the foundation, which supports the wellness of young people by connecting with youth directly, promoting scientific research, and building productive partnerships.
"SoulCycle ride for The Born This Way foundation was a hit today in Chicago," they wrote on their Instagram page. "Thank you to everyone who participated in raising money and awareness for a cause so close to my heart. Let's work toward a kinder and braver world,where every kid wakes up knowing their voice matters, that they are heard, and that there are many resources available to help them with the emotional and social challenges they face."
Enough People in the World Make You Feel Like Shit.
Nina Bargiel Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 14, 2015
Don't Help Them.
On set with Hilary & Lalaine (2001)
By the time I turned 30, I had written seventeen episodes of an iconic television show (Lizzie McGuire), been nominated for two Emmys, had an Agent, a Manager, and a size 6 body that I could cram into all sorts of fun outfits.
By the time I turned 35, I was near-broke, hadn't had a writing job in 18 months and was working the front desk of the spinning gym that I had formerly been a customer at.
Drugs? one of the clients asked me.
Had I been inhaling too much of the shoe disinfectant? Excuse me?
Someone told me you used to be a TV writer. And now you work here. Was it cocaine?
I handed them a towel and smiled. Nope, I told her, I never earned cocaine money.
They waited, hoping that I would spill my secret to my failure. Con artist boyfriend? Affair with the married boss? Pyramid scheme?
Have a nice day, I told her, and helped the next client in line.
The years 2006–2009 were a vast wasteland of work. There was a manager who gave me the overall note rewrite it for Ashton Kutcher. There was the agent who got offended at an abortion joke in a script and stop returning phone calls. My bosses who had previously hired me were out of work themselves. There were the Writers' Strike. A perfect shitstorm.
Still, I was lucky. I had just married my husband. I had insurance. We had a cheap place to live, even if it was in a moldering, mouse-infested apartment under our landlady who was a hoarder.
But I was no longer a professional TV writer.
Total Number of Writers Reporting Earnings in 2009: 4522
Total Number of TV Writers Reporting Earnings in 2009: 3166
(Source: WGA 2014 Financial Report)
I scoured the Internet for writing jobs. Entertainment Careers, eLance, Craigslist. I submitted bids, took writing tests. I scored a ghostwriting gig which had me churning out a book in eight weeks. I wrote a comic book for a Nigerian billionaire who took eight weeks to pay be $200 because they were waiting for investors. I wrote press releases for a bipolar business owner on a drug binge — they did have cocaine money, though always had an excuse why they couldn't pay me.
I felt like a failure. I probably looked like a failure. Let's just say I was a failure. But with every new humiliation, at least you're writing.
I continued to blog. I got a Twitter account. I got on Tumblr. I heard that a network executive thought I was “girl funny” but couldn't write for boys. In retaliation, I wrote a spec script called Max & Trevor about two teen dorks who just want to touch a boob. I didn't have representation. I emailed it to the last few people I knew, who patted me on the head and said nice job. I knew it was a long shot, so I tucked it away and went back to spraying rented spinning shoes. You'd think that people who earned enough money to pay $20 a spinning class would cough up $100 to purchase their own pair of spin shoes, but you'd be wrong. Instead for two dollars they'd rent shoes, which were like bowling shoes that someone had run a marathon in.
My old Lizzie McGuire boss called me up and asked me if I was still doing that Internet thing? During my years on Lizzie I had been blogging, and was always being dragged into meetings regarding Lizzie's digital presence. Yes, I am I told him. I may have something for you, they responded.
The project was called Valemont, and they wanted me to write all of the online material, as well as an ARG. I nodded. I could totally do that.
When I went home, I googled what an ARG was.
I had no idea what I was doing, but I knew that I had about eight to twelve weeks to figure it out, quick. I worked 12 hours a day. When the project went live, I worked 15 to 18 hours a day.
My boss sent my work to an agent they knew. They passed. My boss' assistant said they knew a manager who was looking for new clients. I got a meeting. The manager worked for herself. There was no fancy office, no plush carpets and walls of thick glass, no assistant whose heels clicked over the marble as they offered you a bottle of water.
They had read Max & Trevor, a script I never expected anyone to see. They wanted to represent me. I said yes.
Valemont won awards for the online component. I was asked to speak at conferences at MIT, in New York, in Sweden.
I was still unemployed.
I worked on a couple of more online projects. While I had the contacts, my manager made me a deal that was much better than the one I would have made on my own.
I continued to write.
I got a meeting at a production company who had was waiting to hear about a show pickup at Nickelodeon. The show got picked up. The exec told us it was a long shot. The EP was hiring most of the people they knew from other projects.
I got a meeting.
The EP told me they read five pages of my script, then put it down, knowing that they had already decided to meet me. When they were done going through the slush pile, they told me I went back to your script because I wanted to see how it would end.
I got the job on How to Rock.
How to Rock ended and then I got a consulting job on House of Anubis.
I got an email — a producer friend of mine was reading my Twitter and thought I was funny — was I interested in appearing on the Brit List on BBC?
I developed with Disney Animation and Cartoon Network. I pitched shows to Amazon, to Dreamworks Animation, to Disney Channel, to Nickelodeon. I had a project optioned at Hasbro. I worked at Mattel on Monster High and DC Superhero Girls. A producer brought me a book that I adapted into a screenplay pitch that has a production company on board. I developed a movie with my old Lizzie McGuire EP and Disney Interactive. I punched up friend's pilots. I have a super-secret project that is about to be pitched that may have everyone flipping their collective lid.
But none of these things could end up happening. Because life.
There is an arbitrary line in the sand that we give ourselves:
By [age] I will have figured out [giant, important thing.
By 26 I will have figured out my career.
By 32 I will have figured out my love life.
By 41 I will have figured out my health.
This is a mathematical equation that is near-impossible to solve. Because all of the big stuff: work, love, health, involves hard work, yes, but it also needs a little bit of luck* to make it through.
Total Number of Writers Reporting Earnings in 2014: 4899
Total Number of TV Writers Reporting Earnings in 2014: 3888
(Source: WGA 2014 Financial Report)
This is far from a cautionary tale. Partly because my tale is far from over and partly because there wasn't really anything that I could have done to pull out of the nosedive that my career took in the mid-2000s. It was a Rube Goldbergian series of unfortunate events that landed me in a dark cubby spraying rented spin shoes for the 1%.
William Goldman famously said about the entertainment industry that nobody knows anything. They still don't. The only thing you can do is do the work. Write like nobody's watching. Because chances are they aren't.
Until they are.
Anyone who says they've got it all figured out is just trying to make you feel bad. And there are enough people in the world who want to make you feel like shit. Don't help them.
*It bears noting that a heaping spoonful of privilege — that I, as a cis white woman have — also helps a ton.
A review of my professional work can be found here.
The city of Huntsville will be one of Food Network personality and author Alton Brown's first stops next year on their new "Alton Brown Live: Eat Your Science" tour beginning in April.
Brown, host of the popular "Cutthroat Kitchen," "Camp Cutthroat" and "Iron Chef America," will appear at 7:30 p.m. April 11 at the Von Braun Center in downtown Huntsville. Tickets will be available Oct. 9 through the VBC and Ticketmaster.
Fans who are familiar with Brown's first successful North American tour, "Edible Inevitable," can expect a bigger show in 2016, including comedy, talk show antics, multimedia presentations, music, puppets, experiments and fire.
"There will be plenty of new therapy-inducing opportunities during our audience participation segments," they said. "I don't want to give too much away, but we're also going to play a little game with the audience."
They said "Eat Your Science" will show viewers "things (he) was never allowed to do on TV."
Brown visited Birmingham last fall for their "Edible Inevitable" tour.
[Related: 15 minutes with Food Network star Alton Brown before their visit to Birmingham]
Mr. Araud, 62, the first openly gay French ambassador to Washington and quintessentially French down to their (sterling silver) cuff links, relishes showing off their country's cuisine and culture at parties that bring together the city's top politicians, academics, business leaders, artists and writers. But they are the antithesis of a buttoned-up diplomat issuing scripted statements of harmony.
Instead they are known as an effective and sometimes combative advocate for France.
“He's a very talented, intelligent ambassador who serves their country well, but they know how to throw an elbow,” an Obama administration official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to talk candidly about Mr. Araud. “On occasion, that has caused brief moments of friction.”
They can be a strong negotiator, as was the case during intensive talks earlier this year between Iran and six world powers, including the United States and France, on a deal to lift sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbing its nuclear program. Mr. Araud criticized the emerging agreement, suggesting it was not tough enough, and publicly questioned whether a deadline at the end of June for striking it was binding. Their words undercut what American negotiators regarded as critical leverage at the most sensitive of moments.
“That was directly contrary to what we wanted to do, and it was unhelpful,” said Philip Gordon, who until March was the top Middle East official at the National Security Council. But in an era when the United States and France have mostly common interests and have been aligned on strategic issues, they added, the bluntness can also be an asset.
“He is refreshingly candid, and I stress ‘refreshing,' because often diplomats can be quite cautious and ultra-diplomatic,” Mr. Gordon said. “I don't think anyone would say that about Gérard.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MOLINE---St. Ambrose University held their graduation ceremony at the iWireless Center Saturday, May 13.
662 students were ready to walk across the graduation stage and no one was more excited than Gerene TeKippe.
“I was born with spina bifida….so part of my spine was exposed when I was born. Doctors had to close up my back and it leads to nerve damage paralysis,” says Gerene, a physiology major at St. Ambrose University. Although they still have limited use of their legs, she's to rely on a wheelchair since the 8th grade.
TeKippe, a Des Moines native made the decision their senior year of college to walk across the stage to surprise them parents.
"I think I was just surprised the whole time," said their mother, Sherri TeKippe. "(My husband) looked at me and said "Did you know they were going to do that?" and I said, "No I didn't know that.""
"(My parents) taught me over the last years, if you want to do something you`ve got to figure out a way to get it done," says Gerene.
They plan to start a master's program at St. Ambrose University next fall.
Given the high prevalence of allergic contact dermatitis (ACD), irritant contact dermatitis (ICD), hand eczema (HE), and smoking, and the impact that smoking has on skin disease, the authors reviewed the existing literature to assess the association between smoking and contact dermatitis or hand eczema. Using the PubMed and SCOPUS databases, a literature search identified articles related to allergic contact dermatitis, irritant contact dermatitis, and hand eczema and a possible association with smoking. The search period included articles prior to and including April 2016. Seven of eight articles described a positive relationship between smoking and allergic or irritant contact dermatitis, while nine of nineteen articles found a positive association between smoking and hand eczema. Published studies document that smoking may be an important risk factor for both allergic and irritant contact dermatitis as well as hand eczema.
© 2017 The International Society of Dermatology.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The US on Wednesday warned that approval of an initial plan to build 200 housing units in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Ramot, over the 1967 Green Line, could be harmful to the peace process.
“We are deeply concerned by this decision particularly given the tense situation in Jerusalem,” US State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said.
Both the international community and the US are opposed to such building, Psaki said.The US, they said, was concerned that it could “exacerbate the difficult situation on the ground.”Such building, they said is “contrary to Israel's own stated goal of achieving a two-state solution.”Nabil Abu Rudaineh, a senior aide to Abbas linked the building announcement to Thursday's visit by US Secretary of State John Kerry in Jordan.“It looks like during every visit by Kerry to the region, [Israel] threatens to build new settler homes. This is a continuous escalation and contributes to a negative atmosphere.”Wednesday's approval of the Ramot project by the Jerusalem Local Planning and Building Committee was just a preliminary stage of the planning process and would take years until construction began, according a Jerusalem Municipality official.Radio reports said that city officials had approved additional 174 homes for construction in the east Jerusalem neighborhoods of Beit Safafa and Beit Hanina.According to Jerusalem Municipality spokesperson Brachie Sprung, the housing planned for the sprawling residential hillside complex at the northern edge of Jerusalem is preliminary, and still must undergo several more stages to garner official approval.The land in question, they added, was purchased by a private contractor.An Israeli official defended the project.“This sort of thing is so routine,” they said. “Does anyone really believe that building in Ramot is an obstacle to peace?” Just last week Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “The neighborhoods where Jews live and where we are building have been in the hands of Israeli governments for the last 50 years.”He added, “Everyone knows they will remain part of Israel in any peace arrangement.”An official added that the Palestinians themselves have acknowledged this principle both privately and publicly.“Jerusalem is a living city with real people,” the official said.Stopping building in Jerusalem “is simply not feasible,” they added.City Councilman Meir Margalit (Meretz), who holds the east Jerusalem Portfolio, condemned the announcement as a provocation against Palestinians who hope to make east Jerusalem their future capital.“I have a big problem with this, especially with the timing,” said Margalit on Wednesday evening. “Instead of making efforts to calm the situation, they are pouring more gasoline onto the fire to make more provocations not only against the Palestinians, but against the international community.”Margalit said they were perplexed that the municipality chose such a explosive time in the capital to announce such a politically-charged development.“It's hard for me to understand why the municipality can't wait for a better political situation and opportunity to do this,” they said. “I don't care about these 200 houses because much bigger things are happening now, and this is a relatively small issue, but the timing shows that someone is interested in increasing the volatility.”Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved
UNION CITY, Ohio (WDTN) -- A Union City woman is recovering Friday after their boyfriend reportedly shot their multiple times.
It happened just before 2 a.m. Friday in the 100 block of South Wintergreen Street.
Police tell Bluebag Media that they responded on a report of boyfriend that shot their girlfriend multiple times.
The man has been identified as 37-year-old William T. Stein, II.
The female victim was taken to Miami Valley Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Earlier that night, officers were dispatched to the home earlier in the evening for a verbal altercation between the two subjects, Union City Ohio Police Chief Mark Ater told Bluebag Media.
The woman suffered several shots to the lower part of their body from a 9mm handgun.
Stein was booked into the Darke County Jail and held without bond on a charge of felonious assault, a second-degree felony.
Reps. Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) and Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) are expanding their probe of Wal-Mart's business practices abroad to two prominent Washington trade groups.
In separate letters sent Wednesday to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA), the two lawmakers ask for documents and the names of staff members who have worked on the lobbying campaign centered on the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). The law bans bribery of foreign government officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It would appear to be a conflict of interest for Wal-Mart officials to advise on ways to weaken the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act at a time when the leadership of the company was apparently aware of corporate conduct that may have violated the law,” Waxman and Cummings wrote in their letter to Tom Donohue, the Chamber's president and CEO.Waxman is the ranking member on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, and Cummings is the ranking member on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.On Saturday,published an article saying that Wal-Mart bribed Mexican government officials in order to win market dominance in the country. That inspired a letter sent earlier this week to Wal-Mart from Cummings and Waxman, asking for meetings with company officials by the end of this week.
The Justice Department is reportedly investigating Wal-Mart's Mexican subsidiary over paying more than $24 million in bribes to win construction permits there.
In their letter to the trade groups on Wednesday, Cummings and Waxman cited a Washington Post article that described Wal-Mart's involvement in a lobbying campaign by the Chamber to amend the anti-bribery law. RILA was one of the supporters of that lobbying effort.
One of the Wal-Mart executives on which the bribery allegations have centered, Thomas Hyde, once sat on the board of the Chamber's Institute for Legal Reform. Bill Simon, Wal-Mart's president and CEO, sits on RILA's board.
The lawmakers gave the two business associations a deadline of May 9 to respond to their document requests.
A RILA spokesperson said the trade group will cooperate with the investigation.
“We have received the request and we will respond to it in a timely fashion,” said Brian Dodge, the RILA spokesperson.
Dodge said RILA has “constructively participated” in a dialogue with the Justice Department about the anti-bribery law.
“RILA believes that adherence to the law is essential and that further clarity and predictability regarding FCPA enforcement will help to ensure such compliance,” Dodge said.
Bryan Quigley, a spokesperson for the Chamber's Institute for Legal Reform, said the group received the letter from several news outlets.
“We anticipate responding in the very near future," Quigley said.
Quigley said the group's efforts "to clarify and strengthen the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act have been long-standing and are on behalf of the entire business community."
"While the law serves an important purpose, its ambiguities and current enforcement practices make it more difficult for American businesses to compete in an increasingly global marketplace," Quigley said. “Giving businesses guidance as to the law's scope and encouraging companies to develop robust compliance programs will strengthen the FCPA, while creating an environment that encourages economic growth and U.S. jobs."
— This story was updated at 4:24 p.m. with comment from the Chamber of Commerce.
At the recent meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Stanford researcher Mark Jacobson spoke in a session on renewable energy. Jacobson was in the session because they have developed roadmaps to convert the entire US to renewable energy, primarily wind, solar, hydroelectric, and wave/tidal. Their detailed analysis includes looking at costs and benefits, including the obvious benefits to human health from the reduced pollution. But they spent one of their slides showing off a very unexpected benefit: the end of destructive hurricanes.
We'll get back to their thoughts on energy in a full report, but today Stanford released a video describing the storm suppression. Wind power plays a very significant role in Jacobson's plan, and many states don't have extensive on-shore wind resources. As a result, going entirely renewable involves building offshore wind on a truly massive scale, with many individual states sporting tens of thousands of turbines on the continental shelf.
And that will unsurprisingly have an effect on how winds propagate. Jacobson modeled three different hurricanes—Isaac, Katrina, and Sandy—plowing into a massive field of wind turbines. The wind speeds dropped by up to 90 miles an hour, which is enough to drop all but the most powerful storms out of the hurricane category. In fact, the huge fields of turbines were so disruptive that the wind speed started to drop before it even reached the turbines, meaning that in many cases, they could safely continue generating energy throughout the storm.
In Sandy's case, the wind did very little direct damage; rather, the storm surge the winds drove was the primary culprit. But without the wind, the storm surge was underpowered. Depending on the precise details, it dropped by anywhere from six percent to nearly 80 percent.
In a paper that was also released today, Jacobson and some colleagues at the University of Delaware have calculated that all the benefits of the wind farms—improved health via lower pollution, reduced climate change, and hurricane mitigation—combine to make the net cost of electricity generated by these wind farms cheaper than if it were generated using fossil fuels. And despite the high cost of offshore wind, when those savings are considered in the total system costs, it becomes cheaper to build wind than it does to build seawalls to protect all vulnerable areas from storm surges.
Nature Climate Change, 2014. DOI: 10.1038/nclimate2120 (About DOIs).
The Blue Jays and left-hander Ryan Rowland-Smith have agreed to a minor league pact with a June 1 opt-out date, reports MLB Daily Dish's Chris Cotillo (on Twitter). Rowland-Smith elected free agency earlier in the week rather than accepting an outright assignment from the Diamondbacks.
The 31-year-old Aussie native has been significantly better as a reliever than a starter throughout their career; he's posted a 3.77 ERA and 3.59 FIP in 100 1/3 innings coming out of the bullpen compared to a 4.87 ERA and 5.40 FIP in 269 2/3 innings as a starter.
Rowland-Smith, a client of Frye McCann Sports, made a return to the Majors with the D'Backs this season after a three-year absence and allowed four earned runs with nine strikeouts in 7 1/3 innings of relief. The Blue Jays' bullpen has struggled tremendously over the past week, so it's not a huge surprise to see them adding some depth to the mix.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police appeal for information after natural cause ruled out for blaze that led to the evacuation of 90,000 people from Fort McMurray
The wildfire that raged through northern Alberta and forced the frantic evacuation of more than 90,000 people was probably caused by humans, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said on Tuesday.
After more than six weeks of investigation, police have determined the fire did not start naturally. “Wildfire investigators for the province of Alberta have established that the fire was most likely the result of human activity, having ruled out lightning as a probable cause,” the RCMP said in a statement.
Investigators are now exploring whether the cause is linked to any sort of criminal offence. The fire was sparked on 1 May near a wilderness area popular with outdoor enthusiasts and police are asking anyone who was there in the days before the fire to come forward.
Potential causes linked to humans, said Travis Fairweather of Alberta Wildfire, include campfires left unattended, debris caught in recreational vehicles and downed power lines. “We're not ruling out any possibilities.”
They said it was too early to speculate on the consequences that could emerge after the investigation. “Within the Forest Protection Act you can be held accountable for the cost of putting out a wildfire, which, with a wildfire of this magnitude, could be a very high cost,” they said. “But that's not an avenue they go down unless they think it was some real negligence on that person's part.”
Authorities are also investigating what they described as “incendiary” causes, ranging from playing with matches to setting off fireworks to arson. If evidence is found to suggest the fire was deliberately set, the RCMP could pursue charges.
The fire was first spotted by an airborne forestry crew about nine miles south-west of Fort McMurray, a town of some 90,000 people in the heart of Alberta's oil sands.
Dry conditions, unseasonably hot weather and shifting winds quickly transformed the blaze from one that was largely in control to a “nasty, ugly” inferno, in the words of the local fire chief, sending it swelling from about 1,200 hectares in size to its current size of nearly 590,000 hectares.
The arsonists of Fort McMurray have a name | Martin Lukacs Read more
As it grew, its flames breached Fort McMurray's city limits, prompting the hurried evacuation of the burning city. Residents jumped in their cars – often with little more than the clothes on their backs – only to be trapped in gridlocked traffic as flames licked the highway.
“It was something out of a movie,” resident Erica Decker said after the evacuation. “It was absolutely apocalyptic, there were vehicles stranded everywhere, the sky was black and orange, there were so many people trapped.”
After some 45 days of firefighting, authorities in Alberta said this week that crews had finally managed to gain the upper hand against the fire and had managed to halt its spread. Depending on weather conditions, it could take another month or two before the wildfire is completely contained and extinguished.
Earlier this month, the thousands of residents displaced by the fire began re-entering the city, starting the sluggish process of rebuilding their lives amid the rubble. The blaze destroyed about 10% of the city's homes.
Oil sands projects in the region have slowly began ramping up production again, after the fire forced more than 1m barrels a day of oil sands production offline at one point.
Share. "I think the Xbox One is gonna catch up." "I think the Xbox One is gonna catch up."
Exit Theatre Mode
The senior producer of Sniper Elite 3 has discussed why it's currently harder to get the Xbox One to output at 1080p compared to the PS4, though they reckon this will change with time.
Speaking to Gaming Bolt, Jean-Baptiste Bolcato highlighted some of the differences caused by relying on the eSRAM as opposed to the unified architecture of the PS4.
Exit Theatre Mode
“It was clearly a bit more complicated to extract the maximum power from the Xbox One when you're trying to do that. I think eSRAM is easy to use. The only problem is…Part of the problem is that it's just a little bit too small to output 1080p within that size. It's such a small size within there that we can't do everything in 1080p with that little buffer of super-fast RAM.
“ They are releasing a new SDK that's much faster and we will be comfortably running at 1080p on Xbox One.
“It means you have to do it in chunks or using tricks, tiling it and so on. It's a bit like the reverse of the PS3. PS3 was harder to program for than the Xbox 360. Now it seems like everything has reversed but it doesn't mean it's far less powerful – it's just a pain in the ass to start with. We are on fine ground now but the first few months were hell.
"They are releasing a new SDK that's much faster and we will be comfortably running at 1080p on Xbox One. We were worried six months ago and we are not anymore, it's got better and they are quite comparable machines. The Xbox One is a bit more multimedia, a bit more hub-centric so its a bit more complex. There's stuff you can and can't do because it's a sort of multimedia hub. PS4 doesn't have that. PS4 is just a games machine.
"At least on paper, [PS4 is] a bit more powerful. But I think the Xbox One is gonna catch up. But definitely there's this eSRAM. PS4 has 8GB and it's almost as fast as eSRAM [bandwidth wise] but at the same time you can go a little bit further with it, because you don't have this slower memory. That's also why you don't have that many games running in 1080p, because you have to make it smaller, for what you can fit into the eSRAM with the Xbox One."
Exit Theatre Mode
It's interesting that they say an SDK update is on the way to help the Xbox One achieve higher performance. This early in the console cycle, it's not hugely surprising that developers are finding one console slightly easier to develop for than the other. As they point out though, it's very likely this will change as time goes on.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK Junior Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following them on Twitter.
HITC Sport has learned that the former Leeds star has agreed a new long-term contract.
Fulham have agreed to a new long-term contract with striker Ross McCormack, HITC Sport understands.
The 28-year-old only joined the Cottagers last summer when they paid Leeds United £11million for their signature.
The expected promotion challenge never transpired and indeed McCormack's 17 goals played a huge part in Fulham staying in the Championship.
McCormack has also attracted interest from a number of clubs this summer with Norwich, Bournemouth, Derby and Middlesbrough all casting admiring glances towards him.
But Fulham has moved quickly to tie down the prized asset to a new long-term deal and HITC Sport understands that McCormack will put pen-to-paper before the weekend.
SEE ALSO: Five Premier League clubs looking at bringing Twente midfielder back to England
The Scotland international has decided to pen their new deal after talks with boss Kit Symons, who is looking for McCormack to.lead their promotion charge. Fulham drew their opening game of the season 1-1 with Cardiff City.
McCormack also their eyes firmly set on a recall to the Scottish national squad.
Scientists in Kangerlussuaq on western edge of ice sheet film run-off from glacier washing out roads and taking out a tractor
The gust of warm air that caused the unprecedented thaw in Greenland's surface ice also appears to have caused unusually high run-off from a glacier, wiping out a crossing near a key research and transport hub.
Scientists who fly in Kangerlussuaq, near the western edge of the ice sheet, have been keeping an eye on the Watson River bridge for years.
The bridge dates from the 1950s, but wasn't built for the magnitude of spring and summer melt of the last 12 years or so, said Jason Box, a glaciologist at Ohio State University who returned on Tuesday from a three-week stint in Greenland.
"The midsummer floods have been growing and threatening this bridge and finally took it out," they said. "It washed out roads and took out a tractor."
The river is fed by the nearby Russell glacier, which sits just outside of town. Unlike other glaciers, which are exposed to the warming ocean waters, it sits entirely on land.
Box, who works extensively in Greenland, has publicly warned that the ice melt is accelerating, in part because the snow and ice are losing their reflective capabilities.
It was T-shirt weather some days in Greenland this month, they said. Such warms days were not unheard of though, they added.
The U.S. government "knows a lot more" than it's letting on about the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash and is "likely hiding [the] truth," according to former Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas).
In an Aug. 7 post on their news site, Voices of Liberty, Paul said they believe the U.S., with all its intelligence-gathering capabilities, should have a clear idea of what happened on July 17 when MH17 was shot down over Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. But much of that information, they say, has likely been withheld from the public.
"The U.S. government has grown strangely quite on the accusation that it was Russia or their allies that brought down the Malaysian airliner with a buck anti-aircraft missile [sic]," the former GOP presidential candidate wrote. "The little that we have heard from U.S. intelligence is that it has no evidence that Russia was involved. Yet the war propaganda were successful in convincing the American public that it was all Russia's fault."
"It's hard to believe that the U.S., with all of its spy satellites available for monitoring everything in Ukraine that precise proof of who did what and when is not available," they added.
The Obama administration has said that pro-Russian separatists who have been trained and equipped by Moscow likely shot down MH17. "We do think President Putin and the Russian government bears responsibility for the support they provided to the separatists, the arms they have provided to the separatists, the training that they provided as well and the general unstable environment in eastern Ukraine," White House deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes told CNN last month.
Russia, however, has denied involvement in the attack and has blamed the Ukrainian government for downing the plane.
"Questions do remain regarding the serious international incident," Paul wrote last week of the MH17 crash. "Too bad we can't count on our government to just tell us the truth and show us the evidence. I'm convinced that it knows a lot more than it's telling us."
Author Mark Steyn disagreed with the idea that Hillary Clinton was the obvious presidential candidate for the Democratic party.
"What nobody liked about Hillary Clinton was that they were not an obvious candidate except in the sense that they felt they were entitled to be the candidate," the author told host Tucker Carlson on their show Wednesday.
Clinton is currently teasing their new book, "What Happened," due to be released next Tuesday.
"I was the victim of a very broad assumption I was going to win," the failed candidate said in a May interview.
"It is as if every hurricane ... including Hurricane Bernie, Hurricane Biden, all the way to Hurricane Macedonia, Hurricane Sexism have all just gathered to rain continuously on Hillary," Steyn quipped.
NYT Fails to Mention Bob Menendez Is a Democrat in Story on Corruption Trial
Report: Florida Facing Gas Shortages Ahead of Hurricane Irma
Steyn also argued it was a mistake for Clinton to slam their Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders in the book.
The Democratic party is trending more towards the socialist views of Bernie Sanders, not towards Hillary's less socialist ones, Steyn explained.
"The party is moving left."
WATCH: Firefighter Emotional as They Return to Submerged Home After Harvey
WATCH: Trump Brings Ivanka Onstage in North Dakota
MR. MULALLY became chief executive in September 2006; William Clay Ford Jr., great-grandson of Henry Ford, recruited them from Boeing. Both men recognized the magnitude of Ford's problems — and the list was daunting: declining product quality, a gas-guzzling fleet heavily reliant on S.U.V.'s and trucks, huge operating inefficiencies in North America, looming legacy costs from pension and health care obligations to retirees and a public image battered in part by fatal accidents in Ford Explorers with Firestone tires. Ford also had deteriorating employee morale, an ego-driven and backbiting culture among executives, and an awful credit rating that, by early May 2005 had been downgraded to junk-bond status.
Drawing heavily on their experience at Boeing in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, Mr. Mulally developed an ambitious turnaround plan. They set out to simplify Ford's product line, its portfolio of brands and its organizational structure. They also aimed to cut operating costs and to improve efficiency — partly by matching vehicle production more closely with what consumers wanted to buy — and to create a few game-changing products.
Their overall goal was not only to save Ford, but also to build a profitable, sustainable business.
That is not news in itself. Management literature is replete with tales of improving efficiencies, simplifying businesses and meeting customer priorities. In Mr. Hoffman's telling, however, at least two aspects of Mr. Mulally's vision and execution set Ford's story apart.
Photo
First, Mr. Mulally knew that Ford could not hope to improve its market performance without simultaneously changing its culture. Some of the book's most interesting passages deal with their efforts — often one person at a time — to improve accountability and to foster commitment among executives.
Mr. Mulally's chief instrument here was data-driven management, in which each executive was responsible for consistently knowing and reporting how theirs — very few women appear in this story — department was performing. Concentrating on consistent metrics, they argued early on, would focus managerial attention on the big picture while increasing transparency.
They eliminated all corporate-level meetings except for two they introduced: the weekly, mandatory business plan review, when the senior team reported its progress on specific goals, and the special-attention review, when executives took up issues needing in-depth consideration. Over time, both meetings — which occurred daily in crucial periods — would become the highway on which Ford's leaders drove change.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Before that, however, Mr. Mulally had to earn their senior colleagues' trust. Early on, Mark Fields, head of the Americas business, tested the new chief. Mr. Fields wondered: Did Mr. Mulally really want business plan review meetings to be forums where problems as well as achievements were discussed? If so, then the gatherings ran counter to Ford's culture, in which formal meetings were “political theater,” according to Mr. Hoffman, and side discussions were “where deals were cut and truths too painful to put in a PowerPoint presentation were shared.”
Mr. Fields told colleagues in a business plan review meeting that they were delaying a product introduction. (The vehicle had a possible problem: a test diver had noticed a grinding noise coming from the suspension.) Mr. Fields and some others around the table thought that they might be fired, the book says. Instead, Mr. Mulally started clapping, praising Mr. Fields's willingness to report the delay. Two weeks later, other executives' PowerPoint slides were filled with examples of specific problems in their departments.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The book says Mr. Mulally recalled this as a defining moment — when problems were all out in the open and the company could go about fixing them.
The second distinctive aspect of Ford's turnaround was Mr. Mulally himself. No significant change of this type succeeds without a deft, committed, adaptable leader. In Mr. Hoffman's occasionally hagiographic telling, Mr. Mulally was all this and more. Fueled by their drive to fix Ford, and by a rich compensation package and their own seemingly boundless energy, they attacked problems with data, carefully outlined organizational structures and specific rules of the road.
AT the same time, they understood what makes others care about and really invest themselves in a larger cause. For Mr. Mulally, this meant making themselves accessible to all ranks within Ford by eating in the company cafeteria instead of the executive dining room, popping into meetings and responding personally to e-mail.
Mr. Hoffman writes: “Ford's ranks were full of men and women who had tried unsuccessfully to draw management's attention to inefficiencies in their departments, shortcomings in Ford's business strategy, or ways its products and processes could be improved. Now they found somebody who was willing to listen.”
This page-turner ends in early 2011, when Ford posted a full-year profit of $6.6 billion for 2010. It was, Mr. Hoffman concludes, “the most money the company had made in more than a decade,” and it made Ford the most profitable automaker in the world at the time.
Edge-on view of the spiral galaxy named NGC 1055, which lies about 55 million light-years from Earth in the constellation Cetus (the Sea Monster).
The best way to find laser flashes from an alien civilization is to look everywhere, all the time, and a new project aims to do just that.
The SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute in Mountain View, California, has released details of the effort, which it calls "Laser SETI: First-Ever All-Sky All-the-Time Search."
The first flash from the group is that it has launched a crowdfunding drive to support the project via the website Indiegogo, which you can read about here.
Though Laser SETI is cost-effective, astronomy-grade cameras must be purchased and optics fabricated, SETI Institute researchers said. The organization aims to raise $100,000 via the crowdfunding campaign, which runs through Aug. 18.
Aliens: On the air, all the time?
"The universe we call home is vast!" said SETI Institute president and CEO Bill Diamond. "It's also nearly 14 billion years old, so it's very difficult to imagine that we are alone. Yet extraterrestrial life still eludes our efforts to find it. Now you have a chance to be a part of the technology that can change that forever."
For the last 50 years, whether the extraterrestrials are wielding massive radio transmitters or high-powered lasers, astronomers carrying out SETI experiments have assumed that the aliens are on the air, all the time.
"But that might not be right," Diamond said. "After all, would these otherworldly beings relentlessly target our solar system if, like the overwhelming majority of galactic stars, they're more than 100 light-years away — far enough that they haven't learned we're here, because our own signals haven't yet reached them?"
Laser SETI is the first experiment to circumvent this assumption, Diamond adds, "because it's designed to find a very short ping that doesn't stay on all the time — it can detect a laser flash as short as a microsecond, and one that might not repeat for days, weeks, or even longer."
Laser SETI on Indiegogo from SETI on Vimeo.
For detailed information on this new SETI effort and the Indiegogo campaign, go to:
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/laser-seti-first-ever-all-sky-all-the-time-search-science?bblinkid=53797923&bbemailid=4436799&bbejrid=329876278#/
You can also take a look at this informative video: https://vimeo.com/223656968
Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel series "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. This version of this story was posted on Space.com.
Description
In today's daily, we'll examine the fresh play TSL4 Ro32 Game 1 between HasuObs and ThorZaIN, a very long, very difficult PvT from both sides. HasuObs gets their "ideal" maxed 200/200 army, but ThorZaIN's viking+ghost heavy seems to be able to swat all Protoss threats aside. In a position like this, what's a player to do? When do you expand, harass, drop, reposition? How do you find an edge?
Fortunately, we get all these lovely answers from these two tip top amazing euro heroes :D. This is one of my favorite games of 2012!
Daily links
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Q&A With Day[9]
-What's the best way to deal with proxy pylons?
-How should Hasu respond if Thorzain took a similar mentality involving drop play?
-In TvP do you believe overmaking vikings can become deadly say if protoss just abandons colossus and goes pure templar?
-How would the terran force an engagement with those attack paths?
-When will your sex in the city scene be happening?
374 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Oculus Cinema is a first-party VR application that recreates the experience of having your own personal cinema or leather chair adorned home theater. And while it's great to feel like you're sitting in front of a massive screen, what fun is it alone? Oculus understands that movie-going is not a solo activity and says that they're building online multiplayer and social features into the app.
Those with Samsung's Gear VR headset have been able to step into Oculus Cinema since day one; the app is part of a host of first-party applications from Oculus (who collaborated with Samsung on Gear VR) and it has pulls out all the stops to make a graphically impressive experience, surrounding the viewer with rows of seats in detailed environments that even reflect the ambient light from the movie on the screen. Only one problem—the theaters are empty of even a single human soul beyond your own.
And this puts the current incarnation of Oculus Cinema in a curious place. For a bulk of users, movie-going is a social experience. If Oculus really wants to create a VR movie theater, they need to account for that aspect of the activity.
And account for it they shall, according to Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey, who told Road to VR at this week's Gamescom 2015 that the company recognizes the need to make Oculus Cinema social.
“That's definitely the point of Oculus Cinema. It's not that you want to replicate the experience of being in a movie theater alone, you want to replicate the experience of being in a movie theater or home theater with all of your friends,” Luckey said.
With that, the company is building out social features that it plans to roll out in the near future.
“So we already have a lot of internal social functions in Cinema that are going to be rolling out in the next few months. Things like avatar systems, being able to communicate with people over long distances… rather than just local multiplayer, but having actual long distant multiplayer as well.”
Luckey affirmed that Oculus Cinema would also be coming to the Oculus Rift at launch saying that “what's going to be shipping with the [consumer] Rift has a lot more [social features] built-in than the versions of Oculus Cinema that are shipping right now [on Gear VR],” including several features that they say are yet unannounced.
What kind of feature parity will be seen between the Gear VR and Rift versions of Oculus Cinema remains to be seen. Of particular interest will be whether or not the social features will work across the two platforms.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday stoutly defended themselves against the opposition's criticism of them travelling abroad in business class, saying that it was their dream for India that an 'aam aadmi' should also be able to travel the same way.
Speaking at a seminar organised by the Abu Dhabi Chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), AAP National Convener, Kejriwal, claimed that "Our dream for India is that 'aam aadmi' should be able to travel business class." Kejriwal had on Thursday flown business class to Dubai to attend a felicitation event, sparking strong reaction from the opposition which said their "real face" had been "exposed".
The AAP, however, sprang to Kejriwal's defence, asking whether it was a crime to travel business class, a facility it said was provided by the organisers. At the seminar, Kejriwal also spoke about India's changing political landscape and importance of economic development. "Technology has played an important role in creating jobs in India in recent years and has also helped in deterring corruption," Kejriwal said.
Outlining the priorities of any government, they said that law and order, ensuring justice and improving and facilitating infrastructure development should be at the top of the list. They said that if this is done with good intentions, then the benefits reach the common man otherwise wealth gets accumulated in the hands of a few. "There is urgent need to increase the number of courts to ensure speedy justice especially in cases related to women," they said adding that this can be done without much hassle.
"Some political leaders have had vested interest in not allowing judiciary to become efficient. This is because there have been cases against them and they didn't want to become victims of such a change," they said. Kejriwal said they have plans to make Delhi a complete WiFi-city and make greater use of technology in surveillance and to maintain law and order. They said at least 20 new colleges are needed in Delhi to reduce pressure on existing ones and added that education upto 12th class should be free.
The AAP chief is on a five-day visit to Dubai and New York. In New York, they will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with their party supporters. Kejriwal, a former bureaucrat, is known for their simple lifestyle even when they became the Delhi Chief Minister. They said that if governance improves in the country, then things will change drastically.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Drone footage shows the chaos of the gas blasts, as Cindy Sui reports
Taiwanese authorities have blamed a local petrochemical firm for a series of deadly explosions that killed 28 people on Thursday night in Kaohsiung.
The company, LCY, failed to shut off a pipeline despite detecting a drop in pressure, officials said.
LCY said it will cooperate with the investigation.
The search for two missing firefighters is continuing, though there is little hope that they will be found alive.
Almost 300 people were injured in the explosions, which left a trail of devastation in the centre of the city.
Witnesses reported huge fireballs soaring into the air. Officials said there were at least five blasts.
A statement from Kaohsiung city authorities said that LCY had known about the drop in pressure but had continued to transmit propylene gas.
By the time it shut off the supply, some 10 tons of propylene gas had already leaked into the ground, a local official told the BBC.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Taiwan's president Ma Ying-jeou visited the site of the explosions on Saturday
Officials added that LCY failed to notify authorities of the leak in time, preventing a complete evacuation of the area.
Chen Chin-der, the director of Kaohsiung's Environmental Protection Bureau, said authorities were only able to identify the gas minutes before the blasts started.
The CEO of LCY said that the firm would accept full responsibility if it turned out to be at fault.
Full investigation
Taiwan's president, Ma Ying-jeou, visited the site of the explosion on Saturday, and vowed a full investigation.
"Everyone is concerned about the cause of the incident and the cabinet has set up a task force to investigate and hope to find the cause in the shortest possible time" they said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cindy Sui reports: ''The strength of the blast was so powerful that it tore up this entire street for about one kilometre''
"Even though this incident happened in Kaohsiung, every Taiwanese person's heart is hurt" they added.
Kaohsiung's mayor, Chen Chu, said the explosions had "shocked residents tremendously".
"I instructed relevant units to thoroughly inspect the pipelines and call for the central government to review how to properly locate them so residents do not live under invisible threats and to prevent another tragedy", they said in a statement.
Mourning
Taiwan's Premier Jiang Yi-huan announced three days of national mourning, to start on 5 August.
Flags will be flown at half-mast at government buildings and schools, to mourn both the Kaohsiung blast victims and the 48 people who died in a plane crash last Wednesday.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The blasts ripped through the southern city of Kaohsiung late on Thursday
Image copyright EPA Image caption Aerial photographs show long stretches of destroyed road in central Kaohsiung
Meanwhile, the search for two missing firefighters is continuing, our correspondent Cindy Sui reports.
Sniffer dogs and sensor equipment are being used to search the rubble on one of the streets where the explosions took place.
Cindy Sui, BBC News, Kaohsiung
Image copyright AP Image caption Br Friday most fires were out as residents began to assess the devastation
The area where the explosions happened is just a short distance from the Kaohsiung City Hall, the popular Guanghua Night Market, the Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Department Store and at least one major hotel.
Eyewitnesses and local residents reported smelling a strong gas odour about three hours before the explosions occurred. Many of them were worried and went outside.
One person wrote online that they called Kaohsiung City's hotline for residents but was told that firefighters had arrived on the scene and to go back home.
As they expressed anger to the hotline operator, they saw a large explosion. Manhole covers were blown three stories high. Many people lay injured on the street.
Another resident who lived nearby said that they thought it was an earthquake at first and then they heard something like a bomb. The electricity was cut off. They immediately woke up their wife and children and they quickly left their home.
Taiwanese fearful after pipeline blasts
Are you in Kaohsiung? You can send us your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk using the subject line "Kaohsiung".
desperate sweaty thankyou
to human machinegun Dirk “Manshanks” Killkinson
for hooking me up with money to tell this incredibly brutal myth
and also giving me an incredibly sweet title for this post
PS if someone has a copy of the Tain lying around and wants to send it to me
that would be great because i am sick of trying to research this shit on the internet
OH FUCK IT'S CUCHULAINN TIME AGAIN
ARE YOU GUYS READY?
ARE YOU HOLDING ONTO YOUR ASSES?
BECAUSE AT ANY MOMENT CUCHULAINN MAY REACH OUT OF YOUR COMPUTER SCREEN
AND HAND THEM TO YOU
ALL OF YOU
ALL THE ASSES
okay so first of all you gotta know a little backstory
cause there are these two swineherds right
they belong to these two different gods who don't really matter
but they hate each other SO MUCH
they keep turning into animals and beating the shit out of each other
you know
instead of herding swine
don't give your swineherds superpowers guys
this is the kind of shit that happens
productivity goes WAY DOWN
anyway they turn into birds or whatever
and then they get careless and some cows eat them
and thus are born these TWO REALLY SWEET BULLS
there is a white one and a brown one
and the brown one gets took by the king of Ulster
(ulster is where Cuchulainn is currently hanging out by the way)
and the white one gets taken by this chick Medb
who rules the kingdom of Connacht
except the bull is sexist
and decides it would rather belong to Medb's husband
which is problematic because apparently in Celtic households
whoever has more money makes the rules
and Medb has a very shiny diamond dildo she's been forcing their husband to sit on
not about to lose that privelege
so they are like OY
KING OF ULSTER
I AM OFFERING A FULL CONTACT CRASH COURSE ON MY UPPER THIGHS
COST: ONE MAGIC BROWN BULL
and the king of Ulster is like SHIT YESSSS
but then a couple of their guys overhear a couple of Medb's guys
like haha joke's on that asshole
if they said no we were just gonna take the bull anyway
and the king of Ulster is just like FUUUUUUUCK THAAAAAAAAAT
and Medb is like ok fine
hurry up and pull out already so i can declare war on you
AND THEN WAR BEGINS
but shit is basically as sour as possible for the people of Ulster
because due to some hilarious curse
all of the warriors in the whole damn place
are laid up with ultimate menstrual cramps
because they pissed off some sorceress or whatever
so Medb is like VICTORY IS ASSURED
but actually
victory is not assured
because remember
Cuchulainn is chilling in Ulster right now
and Cuchulainn is IMMUNE TO MENSTRUAL CRAMPS
OBVIOUSLY
WHAT DID YOU EXPECT
WHEN CUCHULAINN STARTS GETTING THOSE CRAMPS
They JUST REACHES IN AND PULLS THEM STRAIGHT OUT OF Their ABDOMEN
AND THEN GUTPUNCHES THEM UNTIL THEY TURN INTO GUNS
AND THEN They Shoot THE POPE
JUST IN CASE
so cuchulainn is literally the ONLY DUDE IN THE WHOLE KINGDOM
who can do anything about this incoming invasion
but whoops
they kind of forgets
and starts having a bunch of sex
but then they remember because SUDDENLY HERE COMES AN ARMY
and they are like it's cool guys i got this
and just goes ahead and challenges EVERYONE IN THE ARMY TO SINGLE COMBAT
ONE AT A TIME
AT A RIVER
BECAUSE They Are CUCHULAINN AND FUCK EVERYBODY
oh man i don't think i ever told you guys
Cuchulainn has FOURTEEN FINGERS AND FOURTEEN TOES
ALSO FOURTEEN PUPILS
WHY FOURTEEN PUPILS?
BECAUSE TWO PUPILS IS NOT ENOUGH TO WITNESS THE SHEER QUANTITY OF HOMICIDE They COMMITS
but anyway so the army of Connacht keeps sending across dudes
and Cuchulainn keeps murdering them
and this goes on for a WHILE
some people say that this is part of that story but i say fuck those people
but anyway finally Cuchulainn gets INJURED
and they are lying down injured and Connacht is advancing
and they watch a bunch of fucking little kids from Ulster
just charge at that whole army and get MASSACRED
and then Cuchulainn is like wait a second
I have two options here
I can lie here like bleeding
like a PUSSY
OR
I CAN TRANSFORM INTO A MUTANT KILLING ENGINE THAT SPITS FIRE AND BLEEDS ON PURPOSE
I CHOOSE OPTION B
and this is when the warp spasm happens
yes my friends
there is a thing in this legend
called the warp spasm
and it is like a combination of footage from transformers
voltron
and an american werewolf in london
NOW WITH MORE BLOOD
let me give you a rundown of what occurs
okay so first of all
their legs turn backwards
I have no idea how this is an ingredient for a successful murder rampage
but apparently you need your knees on the same side as your butt
also your feet and shins apparently
i guess to make room for the FIST-SIZED KNOTS OF MUSCLE THAT ARE NOW ALL UP THE FRONT
but that's just babyshit compared to what happens to their face
in fact the muscles on their temples actually turn into knots THE SIZE OF BABYHEADS
and they are all moving around and flexing
and then one of their eyes just gets sucked all the way back into their head
until it disappears
and then the other one pops out and just hangs on their fucking face
I have no idea how being totally blind helps with murderous rage
but i guess apparently it does
also their mouthskin peels back all the way to their fucking ears
and their lungs and their liver start camping out in their throat
along with a WHOLE BUNCH OF FUCKING FIRE
oh yeah
and now BLOOD IS SHOOTING OUT OF Their SKULL
STRAIGHT UP
JUST A FUCKING GEYSER OF BLACK BLOOD
FIFTY FEET IN THE FUCKING AIR
MY FRIENDS
IF Salvador Dalí AND MAGRITE GANG RAPED STEPHEN KING
AND STEPHEN KING HAD A BABY
WHICH H.P. LOVECRAFT THEN ATE
AND SHAT INTO A VAT OF RADIOACTIVE HATE LOCATED IN THE SKULL OF OPTIMUS FUCKING PRIME
THE RESULT WOULD BE SLIGHTLY LESS TERRIFYING THAN WHAT CUCHULAINN IS DOING HERE
oh yeah so then they kill about five hundred people
in the cloud of black bloody mist issuing from their OWN FUCKING SCALP
also they duel some dudes and there is some honor bullshit
which ultimately just results in some dude purposefully withdrawing from the army
and leaving Cuchulainn to hatefuck a bloody canyon through all their cohorts
so at this point the army of Connacht kind of realizes that there are two options
stay here and get killed
or run away and still probably get killed
but at least not have to look at the unholy blood festival Cuchulainn has become
so they start running the fuck away
along with Medb
but BAM
right at this very moment
MEDB GETS Them PERIOD
KAPOW
NATUREBULLET TO THE COOTER
and they are like OWWW WHAT THE FUCK GOD
and Cuchulainn runs up like BITCH GONNA KILL YOU
WAIT
NO
KILLING WOMEN IS WRONG
THERE IS APPARENTLY EXACTLY ONE BRUTAL THING I WILL NOT DO
AND THAT IS KILL WOMEN
EVEN THOUGH I'M PRETTY SURE I'VE KILLED WOMEN BEFORE
so they let them go
and they just goes back to murdering the dudes stupid enough to stay behind
and eventually the armies of Ulster get over their magic menstrual cramps
and run out of the castle and butcher whoever is left over
and no one ever bothers their stupid brown cow again
so the moral of the story is
fuck plastic surgery
the uglier you are
the badder your ass
THE ENDDDDDDDD
Today we have released a console for monitoring and spying on applications using Microsoft's Component Object Model. This technology is used in many professional applications and now you are able to watch them in action too!
Deviare's last integration is the ability to intercept COM interfaces. Using this technology and heuristics to discover this interfaces, the console lets you see which interfaces are being used by an application, and how they made their calls.
Here is an example monitoring the Windows Live Messenger:
As you have seen, we found the instantiation of IwebBrowser2. Since we don't know what we want to see yet, we hooked every member except IDispatch (not necessary here). Then, the console printed calls for Navigate2 (among others), and we could see where the little browser at the bottom of messenger was getting its Adverts from.
The console is open source, so feel free to contribute on it. In this first release, it contains only one method to discover the creation of interfaces, but many others may be added. Go chase them ;).
Download Deviare COM Spy Console
A KOTOBUKIYA Japanese import!Kotobukiya continues its hit line of incredible Street Fighter Bishoujo Statues, adding another beautiful lady to the current collection including Cammy, Chun-Li, Poison, and more. Up next is the enthusiastic wrestler who first appeared in Street Fighter Alpha 3, RAINBOW MIKA! Born Mika Nanakawa, the girl rose through the ranks of Iwashigahama Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling under the tutelage of Yoko Harmageddon before seeking out their idol Zangief. Rainbow Mika (also known as R. Mika) now comes to the ring in an impressive new Bishoujo Statue presentation showing off everything the fans love about her!
The flamboyant wrestler is ready to meet their opponent as they issue their challenge to the crowd! Rainbow Mika poses before their match with microphone in hand, showing off their stunning physique.Her outrageous outfit is designed for for freedom movement AND to be a crowd pleaser with its blue and white leotard that has lots of strategic cutouts and frilled edges, a matching blue mask and hairbands, and reinforced lace up white boots. Mika's impressive curves are on full display as they lean over one knee, arching them back to look up to the audience while speaking into their handheld microphone. Look closely to see the wrestler's bright blue eyes and the happy expression on them face!
Sculpted by Masahiro Takahashi (Gill Gill), Rainbow Mika stands almost 8 inches tall (1/7 scale) leaning to one side on their specially designed display base. R. Mika will dominate your shelf standing alone or alongside other Street Fighter Bishoujo Statues from Kotobukiya!
©CAPCOM U.S.A., INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Do your kids play soccer and/or any other contact sports? If so, you'll want to read this.
In order to reduce the risk of concussions, U.S. Soccer announced changes on Nov. 2 that will prohibit heading of balls for players 10 years or younger. The safety measure, which comes in response to a 2014 lawsuit, will also limit headers to practice only for children ages 11 to 13.
According to a study by the United States National Electronic Injury Surveillance System — which used an algorithm to extrapolate data collected from 100 U.S. hospital emergency rooms to estimate national figures — soccer players suffer the third-most concussions compared to other sports.
Still, football remains leagues ahead of the pack. But, perhaps surprisingly to some, basketball follows in second place.
Of course, that only accounts for the general public and not the professional atmosphere. So, in the National Basketball Association, are concussions a concern like these numbers suggest?
As the visualization above shows, there were 14 concussions throughout the 2014-15 season — the eighth-most common injury in the league. That's not insignificant, but those 14 aren't nearly as alarming when compared to the NFL.
Like we see in the NBA, several injuries outrank concussions in the NFL — namely to extremities (knees, ankles) and the more general “illness.” The key distinction is raw volume, as pro football recorded 115 concussions, which is more than eight times the number for professional basketball players in the same span.
Of course, football utilizes a 53-man roster compared to the 12-man team for basketball. This might hint at a giant apples-to-oranges disconnect between the two sports, but the athletes end up playing roughly the same amount when accounting for regular-season schedules (16 games vs. 82 games). The key difference is that basketball, while still a contact sport, is far less aggressive physically by comparison.
Even though the variables at play make football eminently more dangerous, the 2015-16 NBA season has already seen four concussions so far this season (to Andrew Bogut, Mitch McGary, Patrick Beverley and Victor Oladipo). But when you consider that Week 8 of the 2015 NFL season saw a particularly brutal rash of injuries — including a whopping seven concussions in a single day — the NFL has the biggest problem, and it's not close.
We're getting to the point where fans can't discuss the NFL (and American football in general) without thinking about concussions. It's certainly a step in the right direction that U.S. Soccer is addressing its own concerns, while the NBA and NFL have implemented their own concussion protocols. But the data ultimately shows that the magnitude of the problem is, no surprise, tied closest to the NFL.
And despite adjustments that include penalizing helmet-to-helmet hits and hits on defenseless receivers, as well as adding sideline concussion assessments, football simply must find a way to adapt faster and more effectively.
Discover More About Conditions on HealthGrove
Do free press trips allow for greater access, or biased coverage?
That's the question causing conflict and contention in the travel community, sparked by an early April BBC Fast Track report on the ethics and growing popularity of travel blogging and junketism – the practice of tourism boards providing free or subsidised trips to travel writers in exchange for publicity.
The debate ballooned in online forums and social media, with about seven in 10 respondents on BBC World News' Facebook page asserting travel bloggers cannot provide balanced views when they enjoy free travel. “General rule of thumb, we are more demanding when we pay for something, hence more critical/appreciative. Freebies change that for sure,” wrote World News Facebook fan Savitha Peri.
A discussion on the LinkedIn Travel Editors and Freelance Journalists board saw some writers rushing to their own defence, with travel writer Janet Groene pointing out that magazine and newspaper staffers have expense accounts and are on salary wherever they go. Bloggers, even those on junkets they said, often pay for trips in time, attention and extra expenses like airport shuttle/parking, meals en route and special clothing and equipment. “Their trips may be dictated by the advertising department,” wrote Groene about traditional media. “Mine are chosen because I expect to get great stories.”
And while the debate over junkets rages in the virtual world, the practice does, in fact, have a history of official regulation. In October 2009 the US Federal Trade Commission announced regulations requiring writers and bloggers to disclose to their readers any “material connections” with providers of goods and services they endorse. The US-based Society of Professional Journalists goes a step further, recommending journalists “refuse gifts, favours, fees, free travel and special treatment [that] compromise[s] journalistic integrity”. On the blogger front, some have proposed a travel bloggers pledge – a set of self-made oaths by which bloggers would promise to disclose all freebies or payments received in return for reviews; express honest opinions about experiences and products; and clearly label advertorial content as such.
We've taken the debate to travel publications and organisations themselves, asking them about their policies with regards to press trips. While some, such as Gadling, Conde Nast Traveler and Afar, could not be reached for comment and have no published stance on the issue, the results reveal that a wide variety of traditional media and travel organisations do not accept free press trips in order to guard against a perceived conflict of interest – but those that do cite access as a top reason to allow the practice and put rules in place to prevent undeserved promotion.
New York Times
According to the New York Times ethics handbook, “no writer or editor for the Travel section, whether on assignment or not, may accept free or discounted services of any sort from any element of the travel industry.”
The rules are in place “to guard against conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflict”, said Danielle Rhoades Ha, director of communications.
Lonely Planet
Lonely Planet guidebook authors are not allowed to accept free press trips, junkets, accommodation or meals, regardless of coverage. According to Rana Freedman, senior manager consumer marketing and communications for Lonely Planet Americas, however, there may be exceptions in rare circumstances, such as when it is the only possible way to research a destination.
“Reader trust is core to our brand. Travellers know they can trust our information because it is independently researched and reviewed,” Freedman said. “[The policies] protect the integrity of our content and ensure [guidebook authors] can conduct their research free of any agenda or influence that could come with a press-trip itinerary”.
In 2008, Lonely Planet came under scrutiny when Thomas Kohnstamm, a former Lonely Planet guidebook writer, released the memoir Do Travel Writers Go to Hell?, claiming to have accepted freebies due to lack of time and money, which compromised their recommendations. According to Stephen Palmer, guidebook publisher at Lonely Planet, “At the end of the day this is a matter of trust. Unfortunately, Thomas Kohnstamm's activities were not consistent with our policies or that relationship based on trust.”
Budget Travel
The budget-focused magazine allows writers to go on press trips.
“I'm going to break with industry orthodoxy a bit and say that on rare occasions, [a free press trip] just might allow us to send a reporter to a location that our budget might not normally allow and deliver great service to readers,” said Robert Firpo-Cappiello, Budget Travel executive editor. “But we would consider a press trip only if we make it absolutely clear to the trip sponsor right up front that we are not guaranteeing coverage or a positive review… [and] Budget Travel will never let our readers down by endorsing a destination in exchange for a junket.”
Fodor‘s
The guidebook company works with tourism boards around the world and does accept press trips.
Press trips allow Fodor's editors and select senior writers to have “firsthand access to and experience in locations” to offer readers “a broad overview of a destination”, said Katherine Fleming, a senior publicist with Random House Digital Publishing.
Frommer's
The guidebook company could not be reached for comment. However, its editorial policy online does not forbid their use, but states that “the airlines, cruise lines, tour operators, consolidators, national tourist boards and other travel firms mentioned in our Frommers.com Newsletter and our popular Frommer's Travel Guides series have not paid a single penny for such mention. All establishment listings and reviews in Frommer's Guidebooks and online at Frommers.com are based on our author's individual experiences…”
BBC Travel
BBC Travel does not allow press trips unless it is the only opportunity for press to be a part of something before the public launch, or the story is editorially justified and would be financially unattainable otherwise. According to the BBC's editorial guidelines, any proposal to accept such a trip will be referred to a senior editorial figure who will ensure the acceptance of such facilities do not compromise the BBC's reputation. In the event that a travel provider does facilitate a trip, information will be provided for a range of suppliers and not just those who provided assistance.
“It's very rare that a story is so expensive that we wouldn't cover the cost,” said Allison Busacca, editor of BBC Travel. “However, when BBC Travel contributors have participated in a press trip, we have made it clear to both the writer and the company that there is no promise of positive coverage or promotion.”
BBC's Fast Track
Fast Track does not permit its reporters or crews to take free press trips organised by tourist boards, airlines or tour operators.
“To ensure editorial independence and comply with BBC guidelines, we always pay our own way or make a substantial contribution towards costs where the actual value or cost of an experience is hard to exactly quantify”, said Mike London, editor at BBC's Fast Track program.
Huffington Post
Huffington Post staff are not allowed to accept free press trips. Bloggers who aren't staff journalists but post on the organisation's blog platform are also not allowed to use their affiliation with Huffington Post to obtain free press trips, and the site's editors decline submissions related to junkets.
“Readers should expect that our pieces aren't influenced by outside sources and that information we provide is based on the same conditions that any traveller might expect,” said Adam Rose, a standards editor at Huffington Post.
Travel + Leisure
While on assignment, Travel + Leisure editors, writers and photographers travel incognito whenever possible and do not take press trips or accept free travel of any kind, said editor-in-chief Nancy Novogrod.
“We need to be – and are –a reliable and trusted source for our readers,” Novogrod said. “There can be no question about the reason for our coverage of a destination, other than our dedication to providing our readers with the best travel advice and insights possible.”
National Geographic Traveler
National Geographic Traveler could not be reached for comment, however according to its writer's guidelines, the magazine does “not accept proposals about trips that are subsidized in any way”.
CNN Travel
According to Matt Dornic, senior director of public relations for CNN Worldwide, the network's policies do not allow staff reporters to take free trips to cover travel, leisure or entertainment. They could not comment on the policy for freelancers.
What do you think? Leave a comment on our Facebook page.
So I was sitting at work today when my phone vibrated. *Buzz* Ryan Dempster traded to the Braves. Well, who knows if that's for real. *Buzz* Ichiro traded to Yankees. WTF MINDBLOWN.
But those weren't the only two moves that went down today – just the big ones grabbing headlines. The best trade that took place might in fact have been between the Miami Marlins and Detroit Tigers.
Let's break it down:
Tigers Get:
SP Anibal Sanchez
2B Omar Infante
6th overall “Competitive Balance Round A” draft pick
Marlins Get:
SP Jacob Turner
SP Brian Flynn
C Rob Brantly
12th overall “Competitive Balance Round B” draft pick
Are the Marlins in full fire sale mode? Word on the street is they are very disappointed in their performance thus far (wonder why?) and are prepared to make a bunch of trades. Also rumored to be on the block are newly-acquired Carlos Lee, Hanley Ramirez, Giancarlo Stanton, Josh Johnson and Heath Bell.
Do you smell the smoke? That's a fire a-burnin' down in Miami. You'd think dropping huge free agent contracts on Bell, Jose Reyes and Mark Buehrle would have been enough, but the front office clearly isn't satisfied. They want to win, and win now.
Trading for prospects, no matter how good, isn't how winning now is accomplished. That being said, the Marlins did address some big needs. They don't really have a catcher of the future behind John Buck. They needed help in their starting rotation. And the big ticket item in their trade with Detroit is definitely Turner.
The 9th overall pick in 2009 is just 21 years old and has already had a few starts in the bigs. Turner was, by far, the Tigers' top pitching prospect. In about 330 minor league innings since 2009, Turner has struck out 269 batters and walked just 89.
Flynn and Brantly aren't bad themselves, posting above average numbers as a pitcher and defensive catcher, respectively. But again, the crown jewel comes in the form of Turner, who projects to have plus control and the potential for three plus pitches as they mature, according to Scout.com. Their fastball tops out around 97 MPH.
So now that I've waxed poetic about the next coming of Nolan Ryan (okay, not really…but the kid will probably be really good), how did the Tigers make out?
Fan-freakin'-tastic as well! It's going to be tough to decide who wins this trade, because the Tigers wanted rotation depth and were in dire need of a second baseman. By shipping off their top prospect and a few extras, the Tigers now have an everyday, top of the order guy to play second, and a solid middle of the rotation starting pitcher to complement Justin Verlander and Doug Fister.
Detroit wants to make a serious run at the World Series this year, and this was exactly the type of move they needed to bolster the roster. Miami, meanwhile, is proving to be in fire sale mode. I expect more trades to come, but if they receive hauls anything like what they got for Sanchez and Infante, the moves will pay off.
So, I have two polls for you today. First, are the Marlins throwing in the towel? Will stars like Stanton, Lee and Ramirez go too? Are the Marlins flipping the whole roster in hopes of winning a couple years down the road?
And second, who wins the trade? Comment below and let us know!
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter @3u3d and LIKE Three Up, Three Down on Facebook!
– Jeremy (@Jamblinman)
Advertisements
VIDEO: Watch Chad Mendes arm wrestling an Irish man in Vegas
For the second time in recent memory, Chad Mendes lost to an Irishman.
The Irish took over Vegas last weekend during Conor McGregor's incredible victory over Jose Aldo at UFC 194.
Both men were of course supposed to originally fight in July, only for Aldo to withdraw through injury, allowing Chad Mendes to step in.
The American fighter has appreciated the Irish support ever since that fight, so they were more than happy to hang out with Irish man Ian Doody and their pals over the weekend.
Well, it turns out they did more than just hang out, as an impromptu arm wrestling contest broke out. Have a look.
@JOEdotie chad mendes having the crack with the Irish pic.twitter.com/t0nPD7ZUXt — Keith mc Loughlin (@kmcl2007) December 15, 2015
Fair play to Mendes, he's some man and he's awful sound for taking it a bit easy on the lads as well!
Members of Toronto's Venezuelan community took to Yonge-Dundas Square Sunday afternoon to draw attention to protests in their country in which at least three student activists have been killed. Anti-government demonstrators rallied in the South American country last week over a stubbornly rampant crime rate, out-of-control inflation and shortages of basic goods.
Greg Acuna, a 21-year-old student who came to Toronto from Venezuela to study, has a chalk outline drawn around them at a protest Sunday decrying the treatment of protesters in Venezuela. ( TIM ALAMENCIAK / TORONTO STAR )
Greg Acuna, a 21-year-old Venezuelan studying in Toronto, has a friend who hasn't been seen for 24 hours.  They are among the scores of protesters who have been arrested. Acuna, who has been in touch with their friend's family, said he's being denied basic rights like speaking with relatives or lawyers. “We know they're in prison, we don't know where,” said Acuna, who helped organize the Toronto protest, which started on a Facebook page for local Venezuelans.
Article Continued Below
Five people, including Acuna, lay down on the street as others drew chalk outlines around them. The crowd of about 25 spoke with passersby about the situation unfolding in their home country. “We're not supporting any politician. We are supporting students and the freedom Venezuelans should have regardless of their political view,” said Acuna. “Government should be afraid of the people, not the other way around.” President Nicolas Maduro has laid the blame on opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez and issued a warrant for their arrest, resulting in a manhunt that has so far been unsuccessful. Maduro also ceased subway and bus service to the Chacao area of Caracas, the country's capital, where the protests have been centred. The five chalk outlines refer to the five people killed last week in Venezuela. Three were confirmed killed during the protest. This weekend, two religious figures were killed — a 79-year-old priest and an 84-year-old layperson who both worked at a religious school, underscoring concerns about the high crime rate.
Article Continued Below
A major concern among protesters in Toronto were restrictions placed on free speech in Venezuela. On Friday, Twitter reported that images on its service were being blocked in Venezuela. A shortage of newsprint as a result of currency controls has hamstrung newspapers in the country for years. Because of the shortage, nine regional newspapers have closed since 2013, the Associated Press reports. Andres Masowski, a 31-year-old man who lay on the sidewalk in the Toronto protest, has many friends and family in Venezuela. “We have reached a point where all our basic products, like food, milk, flour, toilet paper, cooking oil . . . you cannot find them,” they said. “If you find them there are organized gangs and groups that take those goods out of the supermarket and create a black market outside.” With files from Star wire services
Read more about:
It didn't take long for Cameron Heyward to make an impact in Pittsburgh's recent loss to the Miami Dolphins. On Miami's third play from scrimmage - their second pass attempt - Heyward broke through for a sack of Ryan Tannehill. It was their fourth of the season, a year in which they did not start until after the first quarter pole, from a position that doesn't produce many sacks.
For the sake of comparison, Aaron Smith, widely regarded as the best Steelers' 3-4 defensive end, had eight sacks in 2004, arguably their best season as a pro.
It's a long cry from Heyward's domination in Week 14 from the start of their career. Heading into this season, they had 2.5 career sacks, and zero starts. While still improving as a run defender, the team's decision to get their ends up the field in a more attacking style (as opposed to more run-supporting roles of owning two gaps of the past) has clearly been a great one for Heyward. The word "bust" followed them around as closely as their first round draft status did.
Now, he's fairly seen as a foundation member of this defense into the future.
Jason Worilds had a similar impact on the Dolphins' shaky offensive line. They touched Tannehill down in the second quarter for an easy sack, and notched a real one late in the game with the Steelers ahead, giving them a chance to seal the win. It all fell apart from a team perspective after that, and the big playoff-saving win wasn't to be.
But neither Worilds nor Heyward can be blamed for how this season has turned out. If anything (and somewhat ironically), as fans cheer loudly for the former two high selected players (Worilds was a second-round pick in 2010, one year before the Steelers took Heyward 31st overall), they can provide fair but shortsighted criticism of 2013 first round pick Jarvis Jones.
Worilds and Heyward both developed into what we've seen over the last several games - outstanding players who could be contributing members of this defense for many years to come. Yet, Jones is criticized extensively for many of the same short-comings as the Steelers' pair of breakout defenders.
To a lesser extent, rookie safety Shamarko Thomas and rookie linebacker Vince Williams also receive criticism usually pointed at veteran players. While The Standard is the Standard, that's a cliche meant to create an atmosphere where players don't use excuses, and push themselves as hard as possible.
No one in their right mind can fairly have expected Jones, Thomas or Williams to step in and dominate. Yet, fans expected that of Worilds and Heyward. Worilds insists they haven't been given an opportunity to show what they can do consistently, and injuries have held them back in the past, but there's a more realistic middle ground. They could have used some more time, but they did show some ability in the time they had.
Where does that leave Jones, though? They got opportunities this season, but they do not appear to be physically or mentally ready. Is that worthy of slings and arrows?
No one seems to notice the hypocrisy of talking contract extensions for Worilds and Heyward, while bashing Jones. It gets even more misguided when fans bring up talks of the draft, and which first round player is the Steelers' salvation.
There's a reason why Jones was the first Steelers' rookie outside linebacker to start in over a decade. The problem is Steelers fans didn't see that reason as it was; a lack of depth and the need to inject the defense with young talent. Instead, they were lead to believe by media Jones is as groomed as any player to immediately step in and play at a high level because they stood off the line and rushed the passer in college.
It's hard to find an example of a more ridiculous statement in retrospect. It's highly likely we'll do it again come May, putting mythical expectations on a player who's currently required to attend study halls just as frequently as film sessions.
For as well as Worilds has played over the last few weeks, injuries and inconsistencies were still dragging their game down until they put it all together and remained healthy.
On the offensive side of the ball, accolades and praise are being given to running back Le'Veon Bell, the Steelers' second round draft pick. He's averaging 3.4 yards a carry, and has been starting since Week 4. They get over 20 touches a game, a level of opportunity few running backs in the NFL enjoy. The fact they average over 90 yards from scrimmage a game is more reflective of that increased level of opportunity more than flashes of Thurman Thomas.
Bell gets a pass, though, despite playing a position that's far easier to play as a rookie than outside linebacker in Dick LeBeau's defense. In full disclosure, this example is not apples to apples - Bell has shown some outstanding ability to go along with their rookie mistakes, and Jones hasn't quite shown that yet.
Judging by the progression and development of Worilds and Heyward, though, fans can and should learn the value of patience.
Or at the very least, don't think one rookie season from one player should indicate their career arch - certainly not when the suggested solution to that player's rookie season is to draft someone else.
More from Behind the Steel Curtain:
Follow @NealCoolong Follow @btsteelcurtain Follow @SBNationNFL
(CNN) People living near Canada's Pacific coast can breathe a sigh of relief -- the Royal Canadian Navy said that an object found recently in the ocean is not a lost bomb or nuclear weapon.
The navy said in a statement that the device was "a metal part of a larger machine assembly and appears to be a piece of industrial equipment."
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police had asked the navy to investigate the area around Prince Rupert, British Columbia, after diver Sean Smyrichinsky found a strange object while hunting sea cucumbers near Banks Island.
We know this is not military munition, but can you guess what it is? https://t.co/uiEDACwflF pic.twitter.com/7spKOh8KG1
The navy deployed specialized bomb crews and a submersible vehicle operated by remote to examine the device, which was found in about 26 feet of water. Using the submersible, crews were able to take pictures of it and collect other data, which was sent to a military base on Vancouver Island for analysis , according to the CBC, a CNN partner broadcaster.
Investigators determined that the object was a piece of steel equipment with yellow paint, about 18 feet long and 3 feet high. Authorities said it poses no risk to the public
Crash
Many feared Smyrichinsky had found a missing inactive nuclear device jettisoned by a US bomber decades ago.
On February 13, 1950, a Convair B-36 plane was flying from Alaska to Texas when something went wrong.
"One engine is feathered, and two others are losing power. We are descending," the crew radioed, according to Robert Dorr's history of the bomber group.
The missing Mark IV bomb is a modified form of the "Fat Man" detonated over Nagasaki in 1945.
At 8,000 feet, before the 17 crew members parachuted out of the doomed plane, they jettisoned a dummy nuclear bomb they were carrying on board.
The bomb -- a Mark IV nuclear weapon filled with lead, uranium and TNT, but not the plutonium necessary for a nuclear explosion -- has been missing since.
Discovery
Smyrichinsky didn't know about these events when they found the object.
"I got a little far from my boat and I found something that I'd never ever seen before. It resembled, like, a bagel cut in half, and then around the bagel these bowls molded into it," they told the CBC
"I came out from the dive and I came up and I started telling my crew, 'My god, I found a UFO.' I found the strangest thing I'd ever seen."
After friends told them about the crashed plane from 1950, Smyrichinsky looked up photos of the bomb online and then reported their discovery to authorities.
Search
The Canadian armed forces confirmed that Snyrichinsky's find was in the general location of the 1950 crash and deployed Them Majesty's Canadian Ship Yellowknife to investigate. In addition to a remotely operated vehicle, the crew used sonar systems and a dive team to find the device.
"We are pleased that HMCS Yellowknife was able to locate the object and determine that the object was not an unexploded military munition," Lt. Cmdr. Donald Thompson-Greiff, the Yellowknife's commanding officer said in a statement. "The (Royal Canadian Navy) is pleased to relieve any concerns in the local communities."
Smyrichinsky was allowed to come along and helped pinpoint the location for navy personnel.
"They didn't allow any divers in the water and it was only done with robot," they told the CBC. "We dropped anchor about 1,000 feet from where I found this object, and the people were professional and kind of excited at the prospect of finding a bomb or UFO."
Smyrichinsky described the attention he's received as "pretty overwhelming" but also "super fun." Mostly, though, they seemed happy to be able to return to the water without fear.
"You can feel safe to swim in our oceans again," they said. "It is not a bomb."
"Open source has brought incredible innovation and traction to both compute and storage virtualization technologies, while historically, most of what we've seen from the networking space has been proprietary," said Chris Wright, technical director, SDN and NFV, Red Hat. "It is promising that the many benefits of 'open' are now being acknowledged by leaders in that space, and by Midokura announcing plans to open source their network virtualization offering, they are helping to enable the truly open software-defined datacenter." Chris Wright, Technical Director, SDN and NFV at Red Hat
"Network function virtualization and software-defined networking are buzz words in many corners of the cloud industry. But to our customers, reliable performance of virtualized network fabrics is an essential element of their long-term cloud infrastructure strategy. Working with the Midokura community, we look forward to helping create a new and powerful open source option for our customers." Mike Yang, general manager, Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT)
"This is another testament that the networking industry is embracing open source as the right path forward for network virtualization and SDN. More open source code means more choice for developers and users and is good for the entire industry. We look forward to seeing how OpenDaylight and the MidoNet project can interoperate to benefit users of any size and scale." Neela Jacques, executive director, OpenDaylight Project
"Midokura's decision to open source MidoNet fits perfectly in the open future that we at Mirantis believe in. This will be the only open solution that is not driven by a hardware networking vendor and we're excited to be a part of it. We look forward to being an active member of the MidoNet community ongoing." Boris Renski, Co-Founder and CMO, Mirantis
"We're excited to see Midokura, an early Cumulus Networks overlay partner, join the community and encourage customers to implement and deploy OpenStack solutions. Open Source overlays like Midonet complement the Cumulus Linux networking OS underlay to enable large scale agile network infrastructure" Nolan Leake, CTO and co-founder, Cumulus Networks
"We are thrilled to be a part of the MidoNet open source project. Midokura and Solinea are both long time contributors to the OpenStack community and this partnership will help bring cloud services and vendor-agnostic network virtualization to the masses." Ken Pepple, CTO, Solinea
"We are thrilled that Midokura is releasing the source code for MidoNet, helping users worldwide reach their goals of a production-ready cloud. The move to an open source model levels the playing field for Software-Defined Networking, supplying the last piece of the puzzle in the OpenStack ecosystem." Dag Stenstad, CTO, Zetta.IO
"We are committed to open development and recognize the value open MidoNet can add to the OpenStack community. The availability of an open Software Defined Networks package from Midokura that takes advantage of our ConnectX-3 10/40 Gigabit Ethernet NIC with VXLAN offloads will accelerate the adoption and evolution of network virtualization in OpenStack environments." Kevin Deierling, vice president of marketing, Mellanox Technologies
"As one of Midokura's early investors, we have been a long time believer and proponent of the MidoNet technology. This open source project is exactly what the OpenStack community needs and we are excited to be a part of it. We can now easily and effectively enhance OpenStack-based clouds with network virtualization." Takeshi Narisako, executive officer and chief director of cloud & IT solution, Bit-isle inc.
"Midokura is boldly addressing the market need for a production-ready, SDN solution free of vendor lock-in. This is an exciting contribution to the open source community that will accelerate private cloud adoption. We are thrilled to offer Eucalyptus users AWS compatible hybrid cloud solutions with true VPC support, powered by MidoNet." Shashi Mysore, VP Products, Eucalyptus
"IDC Frontier is very much pleased that MidoNet goes open-source. We believe this will attract more users who are avoiding vendor lock-in to MidoNet, which has rich experiences with network virtualization. We also believe this will further expand its user community and accelerate the process of function enhancement. This will bring benefits to cloud service providers like IDC Frontier both in technical and business perspectives, as well as abilities to provide high quality services to their customers. I am hoping MidoNet becomes the de facto standard of network virtualization someday." Masaki Hayashi, Director of Technology Development Div., IDC Frontier Inc.
"We at KVH are focused on continuously advancing our private cloud business to meet evolving customer requirements. With the MidoNet open source project, we can now provide cost-effective and agile virtual networking to our customers. Having such a large contribution in networking technology to the open community will help accelerate innovation and adoption of OpenStack." Yoshiyuki Hamada, Vice President of Technology, KVH
"We are excited to be a part of the industry's first and only open overlay network virtualization platform. We at Stratoscale are delivering the first pure-play software solution for hyper-convergence infrastructure by reinventing virtualization at scale - this project falls perfectly in line with our mission. We are excited to be a part of the MidoNet ecosystem." John Mao, Director of Business Development, Stratoscale
"The Midokrua open source project is an important step to making Openstack production ready for large scale cloud deployment.” said Eli Karpilovski Director of Product Marketing at Broadcom. “Broadcom is supporting the MidoNet project, by contributing our new Broadview™ instrumentation tools, which will extend the visibility capabilities into the Cloud infrastructure and accelerate maturity of OpenStack." Eli Karpilovski, Director of Product Marketing, Broadcom
Western Australia's government has just committed a big chunk of change to improve electricity reliability for the people of and visitors to Kalbarri – using renewable energy.
Kalbarri is a resort town on the mouth of the Murchison River; 592 km north of Perth. The township has suffered frequent blackouts for many years. In 2014, a string of blackouts during the summer months crippled the town's economy.
In what the Government says may be the largest initiative of its kind in the country, the renewables-based microgrid project will include rooftop solar panels, the Kalbarri wind farm and large scale energy storage.
“This is a game changer for regional communities who rely on power from a long feeder line, which is subject to environmental factors that can cause outages,” said WA Energy Minister, Mike Nahan.
Kalbarri has a permanent population of around 1,800; but that swells to 8,000 during tourist season. Attracting 200,000 tourists every year, the town's popularity isn't surprising – it's a very picturesque place; with great fishing, swimming and many coastal activities; including humpback whale watching.
Kalbarri's peak electricity usage is currently 3.7MW. The new microgrid may be as large as 5MW peak capable with 2MWh of battery storage.
Minister Nahan says contracts will be settled and the project underway sometime next year, with completion to be as “quickly as possible”.
“In the event of an outage on the main feeder line that supplies electricity to Kalbarri from Geraldton, the microgrid will ensure the Kalbarri community will still have power until the fault is corrected,” stated the Minister.
The existing Kalbarri wind farm generates around one third of the energy required by the community and avoids nearly 5,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide annually.
A working group that met earlier this year discounted the idea of using the conventional go-to solution for unreliable power supply.
“”The more traditional methods on trying to make the line look and be more reliable are not working,” said Kalbarri resident Mac Holt at the time.
“We recognise that you can't just put back a diesel generator into town.”
Trivia: The Murchison River is the second longest river in WA. At 820 kilometres long, it has a catchment area larger than the land area of Tasmania (82,000km2)
Image credit: Kalbarri Visitor Centre
When we're trying to take great photos of our craft, it's easy to imagine the end result: well-exposed, well-lit, in-focus and sharp images that showcase our work. But despite our best efforts, this doesn't always go to plan. Adding to the frustration, it can be difficult to work out what, precisely, is the problem.
Today it's time to talk about 10 of the most common problems we encounter with everyday craft photography. The problems cover basic but important topics such as styling, lighting, composition and camera settings.
It's particularly important to get your photography right if you're selling and marketing your products online. Whether you're selling your work on Etsy or on any other online craft marketplace, your photography is the key to success.
Poor composition, styling problems and badly lit photography will not only turn off potential customers, but bloggers and press will be less likely to feature your work. Bloggers look for beautiful and aspirational images and if your photography isn't up to scratch, you could be missing out on some valuable (free) marketing opportunities.
For each problem I'll look at two example photos: the 'before' photo will be problematic in some way, and the 'after' photo demonstrates how it should look when you use the best photographic strategies.
To illustrate the problems and highlight the fixes, I've used the same product throughout the article, and for consistency, the crop ratio is the same (2:3). I've also used a variety of backgrounds for demonstrative purposes. If you'd like to learn more about creating these backgrounds, take a look at 10 Great Backgrounds for Beautiful Craft Photography.
Each fix uses simple and achieve-at-home techniques, and expensive equipment isn't required. Take a peek and spot the difference! If you see a problem that's been bugging you for a while, give my 'fixes' a try!
1. The Problem: Wrong Prop
Props can help to tell the story of your craft, and also your brand, but they aren't essential. Sometimes they can be a distraction and take valuable customer attention away from your product. If you're undecided about including a prop, it's probably because you don't need one.
If you'd like to give it a try but aren't sure what to select as a prop, think about things that are relevant to your product, such as an ingredient or tool used in the making.
In the above example, the vibrant red bottlebrush, although beautiful, overpowers the product. It's too big and dark and it's not really relevant to the product. Here, the product would be better styled without a prop (or perhaps with its packaging) on the beautifully textured aged wood, or with more relevant props.
The Fix: The Right Prop
We can entirely change the look of a photo when we either remove the wrong prop or swap it for the right prop. The delicate and petite product is flavoured with lemon and tea tree, so it seems like a better idea to use delicate, petite and relevant props of freshly sliced lemon and a lacy melaleuca flower. The fix is more thoughtful and effective and creates a more pleasing photo.
2. The Problem: Wrong Background
The beauty of nature is never lost in photography. However, as we saw in problem one, nature and natural products are not necessarily suitable. Grass, for example, may seem like a natural and consistent option for a background, but when we take a closer look at the example above, grass is richly coloured, highly detailed and very busy.
You want all customer attention placed firmly on your craft; if the background is too dark, rich or busy, it acts as a distraction. Neutral and gentle backgrounds are a better option.
The Fix: A Better Background
If in doubt, remember that simple is usually best. In this fix, a small sheet of white card is used as the background, and the pretty outer packaging is the only prop. This creates a fuss-free finish, allowing the customer to place their attention entirely on the product.
3. The Problem: Forgetting to Crop
This photo is a mess. No cropping has been done in camera or in post-production. The result is a series of distractions for the customer: the edges of the brown paper bag are showing, you can see the handles and bottom crease, and the product looks too small and 'lost' in the photo. Overall, it looks unprofessional.
The Fix: Apply a Neat Crop
As you can see, a simple fix like neat cropping makes a big difference. Cropping can be done with the camera or by editing the image in post-production. Move the camera closer to your craft, or zoom in until the distractions are out of frame. A good tip is to think of the viewfinder as a photo frame.
Cropping in post-production is easy, and useful if your camera won't allow you to get close enough to remove all distractions while maintaining focus. There are many free basic editors available these days, and many cameras themselves come with complimentary basic editing software.
4. The Problem: Losing Focus
Focus can be affected by many factors, including exposure/lighting, lens type and capacity, camera settings, focal point and movement.
In this example, a combination of camera settings and the focal point is problematic. A large aperture (f2.8) was used, to create a shallow depth of field and a blurring effect. Blur can be used very effectively, such as to make a product 'pop out' or to soften the background and/or foreground.
The focal point selected here is too far forward - you can see the main focus is on the weave of the fabric at the front of the photo. Combined with the shallow depth of field, the blur is created behind the point of focus. Unfortunately for this photo, this has obscured the full detail of the product.
The Fix: Maintain Focus
Balancing exposure, keeping a suitable distance between the lens and your craft, choosing the appropriate aperture setting, focal point and keeping still can all help to maintain focus in your photos.
The fix has its focal point adjusted to focus directly on the product, so the customer can see the features clearly. Adjusting the focal point is as simple as selecting the square/circle/dot on the viewfinder that is closest to the part of your craft you'd like to keep nice and sharp.
5. The Problem: Using Direct Flash
Direct on-camera flash used at close range is often very unflattering (for both people and products!). In this photo, a shiny background (ceramic tile) has been selected deliberately to illustrate the high-shine and reflection when direct on-camera flash is used. The craft has a harsh, wet look and fingerprints are visible.
The Fix: Soften the Light
'Soft' light is diffused in some way. This includes cloud cover and window light, where a barrier of some kind is placed in front of the light source. The barrier absorbs the strength of the light and spreads it out over a greater surface.
This makes the light larger, softer and more flattering than 'hard' light. In this fix, the harsh on-camera flash has been swapped for window light. The matte result is much more appealing and fingerprints aren't visible.
6. The Problem: Underexposure
Underexposure is one of the easiest problems to spot. Affected photos are too dark and typically the wrong colour. As a collection, underexposed photos can give a shop a dreary feel, and your products can't be seen clearly.
The Fix: Balance the Exposure
To avoid underexposure, increase the amount of light available for the photo. To increase available natural light, you can shoot on a brighter day or use a homemade reflector (a large sheet of white board or tinfoil).
You can also adjust the camera settings to allow more light to enter the lens. Do this by moving away from the automatic setting and either decreasing the shutter speed or increasing the aperture or ISO.
7. The Problem: Overexposure
Like underexposure, overexposed photos are also fairly easy to identify. They're too bright and detail is lost, as you can see here in this example. When detail is lost, it's hard for the customer to feel confident in the product because they may not know exactly what they're going to receive. It also looks unprofessional.
The Fix: Balance the Exposure
To avoid overexposure, you should try the opposite of the fix for underexposure. Simply decrease the amount of light available for the photo (for example, move into the shade or shoot on a cloudy day), increase the shutter speed, or decrease the aperture or ISO. Adjustments to camera settings normally are only possible when the camera is set to a semi-automatic or manual setting.
8. The Problem: Wrong Colour
If the colour is wrong in your photos, for example, they're too blue or yellow/orange, the white balance may be wrong. It's important to match the light source that you're using with the corresponding white balance setting on the camera. In this example, the 'temperature' as it's also known, is too 'cool', making the photo look blue.
The Fix: Adjust the White Balance
Fundamentally, the white balance tool tells the camera what is pure white. When pure white is known, the camera can perfect other colours. Most cameras make selecting the right white balance easy for us by using icons or names that match perfectly with the light source, for example, daylight or shade.
If you're having trouble changing the white balance, it may be that your camera won't allow the white balance to be changed on the full automatic setting and you'll have to switch to a semi-automatic or manual mode.
The fix has 'warmed' the photo to show the true colour of the product and plywood background. If you've tried adjusting the white balance on the camera but still can't achieve the right colour, you may need to look at the exposure (see problems six and seven) and also the background and surrounds.
The background and surrounds can cause what's known as a 'colour cast'. This isn't a problem with the white balance or temperature, it's caused by the colour reflected by the background or walls in the room.
9. The Problem: Harsh Contrast
This example highlights harsh contrast and composition. Poor background selection and over-editing in post-production has created this undesirable look. A pure black background, such as the black fabric used here, often provides too much contrast. Adding just the right amount of contrast (normally only a small adjustment in post-production) can improve a photo, but too much can look unnatural.
The Fix: Aim for Gentle Contrast
Replacing the pure black fabric background with a softer, 'almost' black background, like the chalkboard used in this photo, softens the overall look. Additionally, contrast hasn't been adjusted in post-production. The more natural look is flattering for the product and easier on the eye for the customer.
10. The Problem: Strong Shadows
Photography in bright, direct, or 'hard' light, creates strong shadows. Notice the effect in the example above where direct sunlight was used. Shadows are perfectly normal and give photos depth and realistic contrast, especially in portrait photography, but for craft photography, strong shadows can be unflattering. Soft shadows won't overpower the product.
The Fix: Soften the Light
Avoiding strong shadows is as simple as diffusing the light. Diffusion takes hard light and makes it soft. In this fix, the outdoor shoot was moved from direct sunlight into a shaded area. You can also try shooting on a cloudy day, using window light or other diffused natural light, or by diffusing on-camera flash. The result is more gentle and professional.
Now, Start Shooting!
You've now got the know-how to fix any of these common photography problems and make your craft shine.
Can you see where you've gone wrong in the past? Have another objective look at your craft photos and see if you can identify any of these problems. Now try again and use our tips to fix your photography. You might be pleased with the results! Good luck and be sure to come back and tell us how you've got on.
Many thanks to Australian crafter Ali from Willow Tree Lane for allowing their lovely Lemon and Tea Tree Lip Balm to be photographed for today's tutorial.
$\begingroup$
Taking aside the question if you would ever sample the smallest values if the differences between the largest and the smallest values are that big and the smallest values have near-zero probability, the solution to your problem is not that hard as it sounds. Imagine that you have some values
$$ \varepsilon_1, \varepsilon_2,\dots,\varepsilon_n = \log\pi_1, \log\pi_2,\dots,\log\pi_n $$
where $\sum_{i=1}^n \pi_i = 1$, so they can be thought as probabilities. So not to clutter the notation, let's assume that $\varepsilon_1, \varepsilon_2,\dots,\varepsilon_n$ values are sorted in increasing order. Imagine that values $\varepsilon_1, \varepsilon_2,\dots,\varepsilon_k$ are very small, i.e. $\sum_{i=1}^k \pi_i = \xi$ is some very small value, and most of the probability mass is accumulated in the the reminder $\sum_{i=k+1}^n \pi_i \approx 1$.
The simple two-step sampling scheme for such values would be
Define arbitrary pseudo-observation $\delta$ that appears with probability $\xi$. Sample $Y$ from $\{ \delta,\varepsilon_{k+1}, \varepsilon_{k+2},\dots,\varepsilon_n \}$ with probabilities $\xi,\pi_{k+1}, \pi_{k+2},\dots,\pi_n$. If you sampled $Y =\delta$, then sample from $\{ \varepsilon_1, \varepsilon_2,\dots,\varepsilon_k \}$ with probabilities $\exp(\varepsilon_1+c), \exp(\varepsilon_2+c),\dots,\exp(\varepsilon_k+c)$, where $c$ is some constant, such that $\sum_{i=1}^k \exp(\varepsilon_i + c) = 1$, and take the sampled $\varepsilon_i$ value as $Y$.
Finding appropriate $c$ would help you to get rid of the numerical precision issues (you can simply add some large constant to those values and then normalize them). If your $\pi_i$ values do not sum to unity, but you know $\xi$, you can normalize the $\pi_{k+1}, \pi_{k+2},\dots,\pi_n$ by replacing them with $\tfrac{\pi_i}{\sum_{j=k+1}^n \pi_j + \xi}$ values. If $\xi$ is unknown to you, then you would have to make some assumption about it's value, so that enough probability mass is accumulated in the small values.
Notice that this can be easily adapted to case when $\pi_i
ot\in (0,1)$, since you can first sample from some subset of "large" values, treating the reminder as a pseudo-observation as described above. Moreover, you can extend the two-step procedure to multi-step sampling where on each step you would sample some subset treated as pseudo-observation vs the rest of values, where values in each step are normalized so their probabilities sum to unity.
EDIT (2017-02-06):
It seems that you can use Gumbel-max trick to for random generation without leaving the log-space. This basically solves your problem, but since the above answer got up-voted, I'm leaving it.
There are other means of being politically active, they can even be a-political.Grass roots campaigns are what get my attention at the moment. Perhaps democracy could head this way. Rather than vote for someone once every 4 years and then have them make all the decisions, even some which they said they wouldn't, without having a say in the interim is just a sham.Exposed: the government isnt just turning a blind eye to tax-dodgers. Its actually helping them.The government has rubber-stamped a legal loophole that allows millionaire finance bosses to pay a lower rate of tax than many nurses and teachers. Its government-sponsored tax avoidance, and its losing us up to £700 million a year. [1]The scandal is making waves in the news today. [2] Its the latest in a string of tax-dodging headlines - and Osbornes position is getting weaker by the day. [3] A huge people-powered petition now will show Osborne that they need to cracks down on tax-dodging - and that starts with closing the Mayfair loophole. Please sign the petition:SIGN THE PETITION38 Degrees members exposed this scandal. Hundreds of thousands of 38 Degrees members voted to get this campaign going. And almost 6,000 of us chipped in to fund experts and lawyers to investigate, produce an explosive report, and work out how to fix the law. [4] Now we know the truth, and its down to us to get this loophole closed.Our people-powered report proves that tackling tax avoidance isnt rocket science. We already know what simple change to the law wed need. [5] Now, its a question of whose side George Osborne is on.With tax dodging all over the news, hes desperate to convince the public hell crack down on it - but so far hes coming off badly. [6] Todays outrageous scandal has given Osborne even more bad press on tax dodging. Just weeks before the election, hes desperate to shut this debate down - and a huge petition is the last thing they want. Please add your name:SIGN THE PETITION38 Degrees members fight for fairness. Its hard to believe that money which should be funding the NHS is going to millionaire finance bosses instead. Standing together against this Mayfair loophole will show that when it comes to tax dodging, the fights only just begun.Thanks for being involved,Amy, Nat, Bex, Laura and the 38 Degrees teamPS: This week, a journalist from The Telegraph resigned. They said that the paper buried stories about HSBC and tax dodging because it was worried about losing advertising revenue. They spoke to 38 Degrees to explain what happened. You can watch the video here:NOTES:[1] 38 Degrees report: Getting serious: how the UK government helps private equity executives to pay lower tax rates than nurses and teachers, and what could be done about it:This report was funded by almost 6000 38 Degrees members, after hundreds of thousands of us voted to get the campaign going. Read the full report here (the first page gives a good summary).The Independent: Private equity bosses using £700m tax 'loophole' - and donating to the Tories:Mirror: Fatcat fund managers dodge £700 million in tax every year because of loophole:[2] Here's a photo of the papers today - the mayfair loophole which 38 Degrees members have exposed:[3] Guardian: George Osborne under pressure from Vince Cable over HSBC scandal:[4] 38 Degrees blog: Mayfair loophole: Should we campaign?[5] Page 13 of the 38 Degrees report gives a proposed amendment to Finance Bill 2015 - to close the mayfair loophole by taxing "carried interest" as ordinary income:[6] Daily Mail: "I probably shouldn't be advocating this": Video of a young George Osborne advising voters how to dodge taxes unearthed':
You better get ready, because there are a whole host of signs that economic trouble is on the horizon. U.S. economic growth slipped into negative territory during the fourth quarter of 2012. That was the first time that has happened in more than three years. Several important measures of manufacturing activity have also contracted in recent weeks, and consumer confidence is way down. There is a tremendous amount of economic pessimism in the air right now, and Americans are pulling enormous amounts of money out of our banks and they are buying up precious metals at unprecedented rates. Meanwhile, our “leaders” seem very confused about what is happening. For example, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid continues to insist that we are “in a recovery“, and some other Democrats are calling the latest GDP numbers “the best-looking contraction in U.S. GDP you'll ever see“. On the other hand, the Federal Reserve says that economic growth has “paused” in recent months, and therefore a continuation of their latest quantitative easing scheme is necessary. Well, no matter how hard any of them try to spin the numbers, there is no way that they are going to get them to look good. Despite four years of outrageous “stimulus” spending by the federal government, despite four years of record low interest rates, and despite four years of unprecedented money printing by the Federal Reserve, the U.S. economy continues to perform miserably. Later this year the federal government will probably finally acknowledge that we have entered another recession, even though the truth is that if the federal government used honest numbers they would indicate that we are already in one. In any event, nobody should have ever expected that our debt-fueled prosperity would last forever. When the debt bubble that we have been living in completely bursts, a “recession” will be the least of our worries.
Hopefully this little stretch of false economic hope that we have been living in will last for a little while longer. I don't think that too many people are very eager to repeat the horrible economic pain that we experienced back in 2008 and 2009. Unfortunately, we never fully recovered from that last downturn and now the incredibly foolish decisions that our “leaders” continue to make have made another major economic downturn inevitable.
Personally, I would very much prefer for 2013 to be a year of peace and prosperity for America. But at this point there appears to be a great deal of downward momentum for the economy.
The following are 15 signs that you better get prepared for the Obama recession of 2013…
#1 The mainstream media was absolutely shocked when it was announced that U.S. GDP actually contracted at an annual rate of 0.1 percent during the fourth quarter of 2012. This was the first contraction that the official numbers have shown in more than three years. But of course the truth is that the official numbers always make things appear better than they really are. According to John Williams of shadowstats.com, U.S. GDP growth has actually been continuously negative all the way back to 2005 once you account “for distortions in government inflation usage and methodological changes that have resulted in a built-in upside bias to official reporting.”
#2 For the entire year of 2012, official U.S. GDP growth was only about 1.5%. According to Art Cashin, every time economic growth has fallen that low (below 2 percent annually) the U.S. economy has always ended up going into a recession.
#3 According to the Conference Board, consumer confidence in the United States has hit its lowest level in more than a year.
#4 For the week ending January 26th, initial claims for unemployment rose to 368,000. In future weeks, watch to see if it goes above 400,000. If we hit that level, that will be a sign of real trouble for the economy.
#5 During the first full week of January, an astounding $114 billion was pulled out of U.S. banks. That is the largest amount that we have seen moved out of U.S. banks in one week since 2001.
#6 The U.S. Mint was on pace to sell more silver eagles during the first month of 2013 than it did during the entire year of 2007. Why is so much silver being sold all of a sudden?
#7 The payroll tax hike that went into effect in January has reduced the paychecks of average American workers by about $100 a month.
#8 Several important measures of manufacturing activity along the east coast missed expectations by a huge margin in January. The following summary is from a recent Zero Hedge article…
So much for the latest “recovery.” While everyone continued to forget that in the New Normal markets do not reflect the underlying economy in the least, and that the all-time highs in the Russell 2000 should indicate that the US economy has never been better, things in reality took a deep dive for the worse, at least according to the Empire State Fed, the Philly Fed, and now the Richmond Fed, all of which missed expectations by a huge margin, and are now deep in contraction territory. Moments ago, the Richmond Fed reported that the Manufacturing Index imploded from a 9 in November, 5 in December and missed expectations of a 5 print at -12: this was the biggest miss to expectations since September 2009.
#9 An astounding 33 percent of all “subprime student loans” are at least 90 days past due. Back in 2007, that number was only at 24 percent. Could this be evidence that the student loan debt bubble is beginning to burst?
#10 Time Inc. has just announced that it will be eliminating hundreds of jobs.
#11 Blockbuster recently announced that they are closing hundreds of stores and eliminating about 3,000 jobs.
#12 Toy maker Hasbro has announced that the size of their workforce will be reduced by about 10 percent.
#13 According to a new Pew Research study that was just released, one out of every seven adults in the United States is financially supporting their kids and their parents at the same time. Pew Research is calling it “the Sandwich Generation”.
#14 According to one recent Gallup poll, 65 percent of all Americans believe that 2013 will be a year of “economic difficulty“, and 50 percent of all Americans believe that the “best days” of America are now behind us.
#15 According to a different Gallup poll, Americans are now more pessimistic about where the U.S. economy will be five years from now than Gallup has ever recorded before.
So what is Barack Obama doing about all of this?
Not much.
Actually, they are shutting down their much ballyhooed “Council on Jobs and Competitiveness”. It last convened more than a year ago on Jan. 17th, 2012, and apparently Obama does not feel that it is needed any longer.
Of course we all know that it was just a political stunt to begin with.
Sadly, the truth is that both parties have been leading us down a road toward economic oblivion. The past four years under Obama have been absolutely nightmarish, and even though the Republicans have been in control of the House for the last couple of years they have done very little to even slow them down.
For much more on the decline of the economy over the past four years, please see this article: “37 Statistics Which Show How Four Years Of Obama Have Wrecked The U.S. Economy“.
Yes, I tend to criticize Obama's economic policies a lot, and rightfully so, but neither political party is willing to tell the American people the truth.
40 years ago, the total amount of debt in the U.S. economic system was less than 2 trillion dollars.
Today, the total amount of debt in the U.S. economic system has grown to more than 55 trillion dollars.
It hasn't mattered which party has occupied the White House or which party has been in control of Congress. The debt bubble that we have been living in has just continued to grow.
And all bubbles eventually pop.
The mainstream media is endlessly obsessed with the little fights that the Republicans and the Democrats are having, but they never talk about the bigger picture.
The prosperity that we are enjoying today is the result of the biggest debt binge in the history of the world.
We have stolen a giant mountain of money from our children and our grandchildren and we have destroyed their futures.
People can debate about whether the next “recession” has already started or not, but the truth is that what we are experiencing now is nothing compared to what is coming.
In the end, we will pay a great price for our decades of foolishness.
The U.S. economy is going to completely collapse, and the last few years have only been the very beginning of that process.
Michael Carrick has warned that Manchester United cannot "afford a slow start" to the season, which starts when the Premier League champions begin their title defence on 17 August at Swansea City.
With José Mourinho returning to Chelsea and Manuel Pellegrini replacing Roberto Mancini at Manchester City, both of United's main rivals will be reinvigorated.
Speaking in Sydney, where United have begun a seven-day training camp as part of their pre-season tour, Carrick said: "This week, it's important because then we go on to quite a bit of flying after that – it's huge the start of the season we have. It's important we're ready for that, we can't afford a slow start this year, so these few weeks are vital for us."
United lost their opening tour game 1-0 to the Singha All Star XI in Bangkok at the weekend and play the A-League All Stars on Saturday at the ANZ Stadium. By then David Moyes will have had their most intense spell with their new squad since taking over, with the players having undergone a full training session on Monday.
Moyes was very much in the middle of the session, an approach that differs to their predecessor, Sir Alex Ferguson.
"The tour has been really good so far and there is a great atmosphere around the place," Carrick said.
"The manager has brought that in. He's enthusiastic and energetic and intense with their work, and that's rubbed off on everyone. Training has been good and there is a huge focus and a good feel around the place. I'm looking forward to this week especially, it's a big week really [for] training, because without the flying this week we've got a bit of time to prepare and get the work in.
"The actual training itself, there's only so many things you can do, and variations of playing football in that respect. The manager is hands-on in training. He's a lot different to Sir Alex in that sense – they tended to take a step back and let the coaches deal with it, whereas David Moyes tends to be right in the thick of it, which is good. It creates an intensity and everyone has responded to that."
Carrick added that the players and Moyes are still becoming familiar with each other.
"It's different for sure," they said, "because there's different people to answer to, different instructions coming in, the coaches and the manager have different views on different things, so it is something we are getting used to. I'm sure he's the same getting to know us, as time goes on we'll all improve together."
After Sydney, United have further stops in Japan and Hong Kong.
The scene was tense in the West Bank and Jerusalem Friday night after Israeli forces fatally shot a 14-year-old Palestinian-American boy in the head earlier in the day. Orwah Hammad is the second teenager killed by Israeli gunfire in the past eight days and the tenth Palestinian child gunned down by Israeli forces in the West Bank this year, an official from the Defense for Children International-Palestine told Mondoweiss.
Clashes between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian protesters are ongoing and another 12 people have been wounded, according to the Times of Israel. Israeli officials told Reuters that soldiers opened fire to “prevent an attack” when they saw a man attempting to throw a Molotov cocktail. The Israeli Defense Forces said they would investigate the shooting.
Tensions have been rising in the West Bank and Jerusalem, as Palestinians fear they could lose control of the Al-Aqsa mosque. Earlier this month, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Israeli settlers should not be allowed in the mosque, which also houses the Temple Mount, the Times of Israel reported.
“Al-Aqsa is a red line. Israel must be aware that the ongoing raids and attacks on Al-Aqsa will cause a volcanic explosion in the area that will reach Israel,” Hamas senior leader Ismail Radwan said, according to the Palestinian Ma'an News Agency.
Hammad's death is the latest in a series of attacks in the past few weeks. Just over a week ago, the IDF fatally shot a 13-year-old Palestinian boy during clashes with protesters. On Wednesday, a Palestinian man drove their car into a group of pedestrians in Jerusalem, killing a baby and wounding eight other people. That attack was quickly followed by the death of a five-year-old Palestinian girl when an Israeli driver ran their over. Israeli investigators said their death was an accident.
Revenge-style attacks between Israelis and Palestinians have been ongoing since June of this year when the IDF accused Hamas of kidnapping and killing three teenage Israeli boys. Their deaths prompted a 50-day war between the two groups and a ground invasion by the IDF into the Gaza Strip.
The war left more than 2,100 Palestinians (nearly 500 of them children) and over 70 Israelis dead. Hundreds more were wounded and tens of thousands of Gazans are still displaced after their homes were destroyed by IDF airstrikes.
The unseasonably mild weather of recent weeks is about to change, with freezing temperatures and the possibility of snow on the way.
Met Éireann said while today would remain cold and bright, air temperatures would dip below zero tonight with sharp frost and icy patches forecast in many parts.
Occasional showers of sleet and snow are also expected overnight and early tomorrow in Ulster, parts of Connacht and Kerry, with possible accumulations of 1-3cm in areas below 250 metres.
It will again be cold and bright tomorrow with some wintry shows, and high temperatures of 4-8 degrees.
“Outbreaks of rain will spread to all parts of the country during Tuesday night, accompanied by strengthening northwest to west winds,” the agency said.
Northwesterly winds will be strong and gusty during Wednesday, making it feel rather cold.
The outlook for the rest of the week is for it to remain dry and mostly sunny but still rather cold due to fresh, northwest to north winds.
Isolated wintry showers will affect north and west coasts, however, and also some Leinster coasts later.
The Government said last week it planned to have 210,000 tonnes of salt, stockpiled by the middle of next month, for treating snow-affected treated roads should the need arise.
That is 61 per cent more than the 130,000 tonnes used in the cold winter of 2009/2010 which featured two protracted cold snaps.
Even as headlines and broadcast news are dominated by BP's fire-ravaged, sunken offshore rig and the ruptured well gushing a reported 210,000 gallons of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico, there's another important story involving Big Oil and pollution -- one that shatters not only the environment but the essential First Amendment right of journalists to tell truth and shame the devil.
(Have you read, by the way, that after the surviving, dazed and frightened workers were evacuated from that burning platform, they were met by lawyers from the drilling giant Transocean with forms to sign stating they had not been injured and had no first-hand knowledge of what had happened?! So much for the corporate soul.)
But our story is about another petrochemical giant -- Chevron -- and a major threat to independent journalism. In New York last Thursday, Federal Judge Lewis A. Kaplan ordered documentary producer and director Joe Berlinger to turn over to Chevron more than 600 hours of raw footage used to create a film titled Crude: The Real Price of Oil.
Released last year, it's the story of how 30,000 Ecuadorians rose up to challenge the pollution of their bodies, livestock, rivers and wells from Texaco's drilling for oil there, a rainforest disaster that has been described as the Amazon's Chernobyl. When Chevron acquired Texaco in 2001 and attempted to dismiss claims that it was now responsible, the indigenous people and their lawyers fought back in court.
Some of the issues and nuances of Berlinger's case are admittedly complex, but they all boil down to this: Chevron is trying to avoid responsibility and hopes to find in the unused footage -- material the filmmaker did not utilize in the final version of their documentary -- evidence helpful to the company in fending off potential damages of $27.3 billion.
This is a serious matter for reporters, filmmakers and frankly, everyone else. Tough, investigative reporting without fear or favor -- already under siege by severe cutbacks and the shutdown of newspapers and other media outlets -- is vital to the public awareness and understanding essential to a democracy. As Michael Moore put it, "The chilling effect of this is, [to] someone like me, if something like this is upheld, the next whistleblower at the next corporation is going to think twice about showing me some documents if that information has to be turned over to the corporation that they're working for."
In an open letter on Joe Berlinger's behalf, signed by many in the non-fiction film business (including the two of us), the Independent Documentary Association described Chevron's case as a "fishing expedition" and wrote that, "At the heart of journalism lies the trust between the interviewer and theirs or their subject. Individuals who agree to be interviewed by the news media are often putting themselves at great risk, especially in the case of television news and documentary film where the subject's identity and voice are presented in the final report.
"If witnesses sense that their entire interviews will be scrutinized by attorneys and examined in courtrooms they will undoubtedly speak less freely. This ruling surely will have a crippling effect on the work of investigative journalists everywhere, should it stand."
Just so. With certain exceptions, the courts have considered outtakes of a film to be the equivalent of a reporter's notebook, to be shielded from the scrutiny of others. If we -- reporters, journalists, filmmakers -- are required to turn research, transcripts and outtakes over to a government or a corporation -- or to one party in a lawsuit -- the whole integrity of the process of journalism is in jeopardy; no one will talk to us.
In their decision, Judge Kaplan wrote that, "Review of Berlinger's outtakes will contribute to the goal of seeing not only that justice is done, but that it appears to be done." They also quoted former Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis' famous maxim that "sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants."
There is an irony to this, noted by Frank Smyth of the Committee to Protect Journalists.Brandeis "made their famous sunlight statement about the need to expose bankers and investors who controlled 'money trusts' to stifle competition, and they later railed against not only powerful corporations but the lawyers and other members of the bar who worked to perpetuate their power"
In a 1905 speech before the Harvard Ethical Society, Brandeis said, "Instead of holding a position of independence, between the wealthy and the people, prepared to curb the excesses of either, able lawyers have, to a large extent, allowed themselves to become adjuncts of great corporations and have neglected the obligation to use their powers for the protection of the people."
Now, more than a century later, Chevron, the third largest corporation in America, according to Forbes Magazine, has hauled out their lawyers in a case that would undermine the right of journalists to protect the people by telling them the truth. Joe Berlinger and their legal team have asked Judge Kaplan to suspend their order pending an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
As the Independent Documentary Association asserts, "This case offers a clear and compelling argument for more vigorous federal shield laws to protect journalists and their work, better federal laws to protect confidential sources, and stronger standards to prevent entities from piercing the journalists' privilege. We urge the higher courts to overturn this ruling to help ensure the safety and protection of journalists and their subjects, and to promote a free and vital press in our nation and around the world."
"On the morning of January 25, 2010, I woke curled up in a fetal position, on a green mattress stained with seminal fluid, to the sound of my fellow prisoners chanting the Qu'ran." So begins the bestselling new action-adventure memoir/battle plan by James O'Keefe, Breakthough: Our Guerilla War to Expose Fraud and Save Democracy.
Although Fox reporter James Rosen has gotten much-deserved attention for the Obama administration's assault on their privacy, according to the liberal Huffington Post, at least, they "got off easy." As Ryan Grim writes, presumably with a straight face, "[a]fter searching their email and tracking their whereabouts, the Department of Justice has not jailed or prosecuted the Fox News journalist, which the Obama administration says reflects its deep respect for the role of a free press."
Even the Huffington Post cannot say the same about twenty-something guerilla journalist James O'Keefe. Some three and a half years ago, the New Orleans wing of the Obama Justice Department arrested O'Keefe and indicted them and three of their colleagues on the bogus charge of entering a federal building under false pretenses. For its part, the media celebrated their arrest.
The four young men, then all in their mid-twenties, were hoping to record staffers in Senator Mary Landrieu's office tell two phony telephone repairmen how they had blown off Tea Party activists trying to change Landrieu's mind on the ObamaCare vote. It was not a well-planned venture, and the four were caught in the act.
Although there was nothing illegal about recording the staffers and the four had all entered the building using their own IDs, the Justice Department wanted revenge for O'Keefe's and Hannah Giles's stunning takedown of the corrupt ACORN enterprise months earlier. O'Keefe was put on federal probation for this misdemeanor, and for the next three-plus years, they needed the permission of a federal judge just to leave their home state of New Jersey.
The same media that tried to ignore O'Keefe's ACORN sting all but celebrated O'Keefe's New Orleans bust. "4 Arrested in Phone Tampering at Landrieu Office" headlined the New York Times on its front-page story. "It was not clear precisely what the men were trying to do in Ms. Landrieu's office," admitted the Times, but the accompanying photo was captioned, "Four people were arrested for trying to tap the phones of Senator Mary L. Landrieu, Democrat of Louisiana, at left, on Capital Hill on Tuesday."
The Washington Post was no more accurate. "ACORN foe charged in alleged plot to wiretap Landrieu," read its January 27 headline. Both the Post and the Times eventually offered retractions, but the damage had been done.
Still, O'Keefe remained undaunted. Breakthrough tells the tale of their adventures over the next several years and the lessons they learned along the way. By the time O'Keefe and their Project Veritas crew launched a series of election stings in 2012 -- what the late Andrew Breitbart called "the most consequential thing" O'Keefe ever did -- they had lived an incredibly full life. As they recount:
I was 27 years-old, five years into my self-created career as a citizen journalist, and I had already been arrested, imprisoned, nearly killed during my coerced "community service," commended along with Hannah Giles by the House of Representatives for exposing ACORN, publicly accused of everything from racism to rape, lauded by the governor of New Jersey for exposing a corrupt union, pursued recklessly on an Interstate by a teacher I caught on tape, denounced by Keith Olbermann as the "worst person in the world," applauded for causing major resignations at NPR, sued multiple times, slandered by half the working journalists in America, and finally inspired to expose voter fraud in the heat of a presidential election.
The vote fraud investigation would make waves across the nation, but even that effort failed to impress the folks at the Times. Less than two months before the November 2012 election, the Times' Stephanie Saul wrote a mocking 3,000-word article disparaging the work of Project Veritas and dismissing any concerns about vote fraud.
In turn, O'Keefe wrote to Saul asking, "Is there a particular reason why you chose to selectively edit out the following events over the last eight months?" They then listed some of the Project Veritas accomplishments they chose not to notice:
- Our video in New Hampshire was cited in passing a voter ID law. - Our video in Minnesota was cited in passing a Constitutional amendment for Voter ID. - Our video showing the Attorney General's ballot being offered to a stranger was cited in a House Judiciary Committee Hearing. - Our video showing the Attorney General's ballot being offered to a stranger was discussed with the Director of the FBI. - Our videos in Washington, D. C. prompted an investigation by the District Board of elections. - Attorney General Holder, while under oath, cleared us of breaking the law. - Attorney General Holder pre-cleared Voter ID law in New Hampshire after representatives cited Project Veritas in the passing of that law. - The State of New Hampshire attempted to issue a criminal grand jury subpoena against me despite Attorney General Holder's statements. - Our Vermont investigation showing ballots offered in the name of the dead prompted an investigation by the Secretary of State in Vermont.
By this time, O'Keefe was imagining a new slogan for Project Veritas: "Undocumented journalists -- doing the work that American journalists refuse to do."
Last week, Rush Limbaugh gave one of their rare interview spots to O'Keefe. O'Keefe so impressed Limbaugh with their energy and enthusiasm -- two virtues in short supply on the right -- that Limbaugh blew through their break and kept O'Keefe on for two segments.
The exposure pushed Breakthrough to the number-two spot on the Amazon bestseller list. There may be hope for the future after all.
NIAMEY/MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria has asked its northern neighbor Niger for help in an offensive against Boko Haram insurgents, as West African states try to cooperate against a spread of Islamist violence.
Vehicles drive through the city gate located along Jos Road, after the military declared a 24-hour curfew over large parts of Maiduguri in Borno State May 19, 2013. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
An intelligence source in Niger said on Tuesday security had been tightened along the thinly populated border and military police were searching vehicles for Boko Haram fighters who might be fleeing the past week's onslaught on their bases in Nigeria.
A Nigerian minister delivered a request for assistance late on Monday in the Niger capital Niamey, but gave no details on what Niger's role may be. The success of al Qaeda associates in seizing a swathe of Mali last year prompted West African leaders to cooperate more against militants seeking an Islamic emirate.
Nigeria, oil-rich and Africa's most populous nation, worries that the four-year-old insurgency based in its remote northeast is being fed from abroad, through Niger, Chad and Cameroon. President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in three states last week and launched a major military offensive.
Nurudeen Muhammed, a junior foreign minister, delivered the request for assistance from Jonathan to Niger's President Mahamadou Issoufou: “We currently have military operations under way in Nigeria in three federal states to combat terrorism and we would like to have Niger's support in the common fight against these terrorists,” Muhammed told Niger state television.
Nigeria and Niger signed a mutual defense pact in October and soldiers from Niger, as well as Chad, joined Nigerian forces in an assault on Boko Haram fighters last month in the Nigerian town of Baga, on the semi-desert shores of Lake Chad.
The Niger intelligence source said 20 vehicles carrying suspected Boko Haram fighters had been spotted on Tuesday in Nigeria about 100 km (60 miles) from the border town of Bosso.
“The borders are huge, so even with joint efforts it will be difficult to prevent movement between countries, but we can stop as much as possible,” a Nigerian military source said.
The fighting in Nigeria has pushed more than a thousand refugees across the porous 1,500-km (950-mile) frontier into Niger in the past few weeks, according to U.N. estimates.
REGIONAL THREAT
Nigeria claimed some early successes on Monday against Boko Haram, although military sources say the Nigerian troops have faced stiff resistance from seasoned rebels entrenched in the north and using cross-border routes to smuggle in weapons.
In a gesture to appease Islamist sentiment, the government said on Tuesday it would free several prisoners, including all women held on suspicion of Islamist violence.
In the northeastern city of Maiduguri, the heart of the insurgency, telephone lines were still down but some life returned to the town after a curfew was relaxed. Yellow rickshaws used as taxis returned to the sandy streets, which were still heavily guarded by military checkpoints and patrols.
Nigerian lawmakers from both houses passed motions on Tuesday approving emergency powers granted to the military.
Neighboring countries were alarmed last year when jihadist militants overran vast tracts of Mali's desert north, imposing a violent form of Islamic law and establishing training camps, some of which were attended by Boko Haram fighters.
France, the former colonial power in Mali, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, intervened in January to push the Malian rebels back and is now due to hand over in Mali to a U.N. peacekeeping force made up mostly of African troops, most of whom are Nigerian.
A spokesperson for Nigeria's military denied reports it might have to pull some of its 1,200 troops out of Mali to support the campaign in the northeast against Boko Haram.
Many analysts say, however, that the domestic Islamist threat has distracted Nigeria from the leading role it has traditionally played in the west African region.
Public views of the Patriot Act, whose renewal is being debated by Congress, have changed little since the Bush administration. Currently, 42% say the Patriot Act is a necessary tool that helps the government find terrorists, while somewhat fewer (34%) say the Patriot Act goes too far and poses a threat to civil liberties.
In 2006, the public divided evenly over the Patriot Act, with 39% saying it is a necessary tool and 38% saying it goes too far. In 2004, a slight plurality (39%) said it goes too far and threatens civil liberties.
The survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, conducted Feb. 10-13, 2011 among 1,000 adults, finds that while overall opinions about the Patriot Act have changed modestly since 2006, Democrats express more positive views of the law than they did five years ago.
Currently, about as many Democrats say the law is a necessary tool as say it goes too far (35% vs. 40%). In January 2006, 25% said it was a necessary tool while about twice as many (53%) said it goes too far.
Over the same period, the proportion of Republicans who view the Patriot Act as a necessary tool that helps the government find terrorists has declined slightly, from 65% to 57%.
There is less public awareness of the debate over the Patriot Act than there was in 2006 or 2004. Today, just 32% say they have heard a lot (12%) or some (20%) about the issue. In January 2006, 51% heard at least some about the Patriot Act; 44% heard at least some about it in December 2004.
Among those who heard at least a lot or some about the Patriot Act, 49% see it as a necessary tool while 41% say it goes too far. In 2006, opinion was more evenly divided among those who had heard at least some about the Patriot Act (48% necessary tool, 46% goes too far).
View the topline and survey methodology at people-press.org.
WASHINGTON -- Republicans don't even want public advocate Elizabeth Warren to head a watered-down Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
At least that's what Democrats tried to show Wednesday with a number of amendments to three Financial Services bills that aim to alter the nascent CFPB. The Democratic measures were all nixed by the GOP.
One amendment would have required Congress to name Warren the head of the bureau once they finish the job of creating it and getting it running by July. The provision, offered by CFPB proponent Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.), was designed to put Republicans, who have vehemently opposed Warren in the past, on the spot.
"This debate is clearly about Elizabeth Warren, so let's make it about her," said Maloney, the top Democrat on the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee.
The amendment, which said the top job had to be filled by the person "credited with coming up with the idea" for the CFPB, failed on a party-line vote.
It was offered to a bill that would, among other things, turn the bureau into a commission with five members leading it. Subcommittee Chairwoman Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) argued that a commission offers greater stability in the leadership than a single boss.
"If they're going to make it a commission, at least put someone in the chair's seat who has been the vision behind it and can make it work," Maloney told The Huffington Post after the heated hearing.
Another GOP bill aims to make it easier for the Financial Stability Oversight Commission to overrule decisions that the CFPB might make in favor of consumers. It would require a simple majority vote by the FSOC, instead of a two-thirds majority.
That bill would also change language in current law to give the FSOC authority to protect not just the "safety and soundness” of the U.S. financial system -- a key goal of the Dodd-Frank legislation passed last year -- but of individual institutions.
Republicans argued that the changes the bill would produce would make the consumers' bureau more transparent and accountable, and protect more small banks.
Democrats contended that the revisions would only weaken the CFPB, and give financial institutions a stronger say.
To prove Democrats' point, Maloney offered another amendment that would have defined the "safety and soundness" mentioned in the proposal to exclude profits. Them point was that consumer-friendly decisions generally come at the expense of profits, and -- if profitably is a standard -- there would be a ready rationale to overturn almost any CFPB rule or finding.
"I am not saying that a financial institution should not be able to make a profit," Maloney said in the hearing. "I am simply saying that, if you are going to put an extraordinary check on the CFPB's ability to protect consumers, then a financial institution's profitability should not come at the expense of consumers.”
The amendment also failed, while the subcommittee passed the three GOP-sponsored bills. The third aims to delay the July 21 starting date for the CFPB. The full Financial Services Committee is expected to consider the bills next week.
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Jun 6, 2017) - SinglePoint, Inc. ( OTC : SING ), an acquisition-based company with a focus on emerging markets, today announces its initiative to develop a bitcoin payments solution in partnership with First Bitcoin Capital Corp. ( OTC : BITCF ). The two companies signed a Joint Venture agreement to develop and distribute a viable payments solution using block chain technology. First Bitcoin Capital is an industry leading Bitcoin and blockchain technology provider and SinglePoint has a deep history in distribution. The two companies believe this partnership will enable each company to focus on their core strengths to build and supply the best Bitcoin solution available.
With the massive and widespread adoption of Bitcoin worldwide, the two companies will pursue opportunities to leverage their payment technology background and develop a proprietary solution specifically for high-risk payment verticals including the cannabis industry.
SinglePoints' representation at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this year saw many solutions being utilized in other countries based on Bitcoin and other crypto currencies such as Ethereum. SinglePoint and First Bitcoin Capital believe they have found a way for the customer experience to go unchanged at the point of sale when paying with a credit or debit card at medical and recreational cannabis dispensaries.
Under this initiative, the companies will offer a best-in-class Bitcoin solution to fill the payments gap that currently exists.
As SinglePoint CEO Greg Lambrecht states, "In January 2014 SinglePoint announced and started working on a bitcoin payment solution, shortly after we recognized the issue of minimal user adoption of digital currency. The payments industry has rapidly changed since that time. There is now tremendous momentum and demand for bitcoin acceptance as an alternative form of payment. This Joint Venture with First Bitcoin Capital is perfect timing. Bitcoin payments are catching on and cannabis dispensaries need a solution fast."
SinglePoint has successfully completed technology integrations with companies such as Twilio, RedFynn, IATS, and all the major carriers ATT, T-Mobile, Sprint and Verizon. Which has enabled the company to provide its text message marketing and text based payment solutions. SinglePoint will now use its experience to work and integrate with First BitCoin Capital to provide an all-encompassing payment solution. First Bitcoin Capital and SinglePoint plan for this technology to be easily implemented into any Point of Sale machine through a simple download of the application.
Greg Rubin of First Bitcoin Capital stated, "We are optimistic that our partnership with SinglePoint will produce positive cash flow to our bottom line. Between the two of our companies, we will have the ability to develop the best in class solution and SinglePoint will be able to help in distribution. We look forward to providing cutting edge products and services to all states through the establishment of this new venture."
Projections by New Frontier put the cannabis industry at $24 billion by 2026. Cannabis is now legal in some form in 29 states and the District of Columbia. Increased need for payment options correlates with this industry growth, and bitcoin stands to be a promising solution. Based on prices from CoinMarketCap, bitcoin has provided annual returns of over 286%. As a testament, Japan recently recognized the currency as a legal payment method and projects that it will be accepted in 260,000 stores in the near future. Furthermore, bitcoin is an accepted form of payment for a number of large retailers, including Overstock.com.
As the cannabis industry continues to evolve, SinglePoint and First Bitcoin Capital are committed to initiatives to identify and develop solutions that enhance the success of the cannabis industry and participating businesses.
About SinglePoint, Inc.
SinglePoint, Inc. (SING) has grown from a full-service mobile technology provider to a publicly traded holding company. Through diversification into horizontal markets, SinglePoint is building its portfolio by acquiring an interest in undervalued subsidiaries, thereby providing a rich, diversified holding base. Through its subsidiary company SingleSeed the company is providing products and services to the cannabis industry.
Story continues
In measurement of disease burden, rates are superior to case counts as they account for the underlying population at risk and provide a measure of disease intensity in a sub-population. Often MSM specific STI rates are difficult to calculate given that population estimates of MSM are often unavailable. Here we report on MSM and non-MSM racial/ethnic specific rates of STIs in San Francisco. Between 1999 and 2008, rates of MSM chlamydia and gonorrhea increased, while non-MSM rates of these STIs remained largely stable. These increases in STIs are consistent with previous reports in San Francisco and other cities [11, 14]. African-American, Hispanic, and White MSM had similar rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea while Asian/Pacific Islander MSM had the lowest rates during the study period. The MSM/non-MSM ratio was lowest for African-American men and highest for White and Asian/Pacific Islander men. While African-American MSM had comparable rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea to other racial/ethnic groups, African American non-MSM had rates up to five times higher than these groups.
Reducing racial disparities is a national public health priority. STIs, specifically gonorrhea, represent some of the largest racial/ethnic disparities among reportable conditions [4]. Our data highlight not only the disparities that exist across race and ethnicity, but also among subpopulations of MSM and non-MSM. These data identify important trends in chlamydia and gonorrhea morbidity that are often masked when all male morbidity is examined without regard to sexual behavior.
Furthermore, the data presented here suggest that the disparities paradigm be expanded to include sexual behavior. For all racial/ethnic groups, MSM had significantly higher rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea compared to non-MSM. In San Francisco, MSM are significantly burdened with STIs and these disparities warrant public health attention and resources.
San Francisco STD Prevention and Control Services recommends that all sexually active MSM be screened for syphilis, chlamydia, and gonorrhea every three to six months. In San Francisco, routine screening for gonorrhea and chlamydia at the urogenital, pharyngeal, and rectal sites is widely available for MSM and has been shown to lead to significantly higher rates of gonorrhea and chlamydia diagnoses, primarily through diagnosis of asymptomatic infections [15, 16]. After increased rates of syphilis were reported in 2001 and 2002, there have been multiple public health campaigns for routine STI screening of MSM which may partially explain the increased percentage of cases diagnosed in primary care offices during our study period. Additionally, San Francisco STD Prevention and Control Services has worked over the prior decade to ensure that STD screening is incorporated into routine HIV care for MSM in San Francisco.
Based on lower sexual risk behavior such screening is not routinely indicated in non-MSM and the higher rate of STIs among African-American non-MSM in San Francisco, while previously documented, is not well understood. Although several studies have shown that African-American MSM are less likely compared to other racial groups to self-identify as "gay" or "bisexual" we used data on gender of sex partners and not sexual identity to define MSM [17–19]. In addition, we found the percentage of African-American men classified as MSM was similar to that of white and Hispanic men, which would not support misclassification of sexual behavior as a sufficient explanation. Sexual networks, social context, and other contextual factors have been identified as important factors in racial STI disparities in other regions of the US [20–23]. It is unclear how these more macro level factors may function differently (if at all) between MSM and non-MSM.
Our analysis has several limitations worth noting. Our STI case rates and MSM/non-MSM ratios are dependent on estimation of population sizes for both MSM and non-MSM in San Francisco. Using the National NHBS and 2000 census data, we calculated a midpoint estimate and assume that the size of each population is relatively stable over the time period of analysis (1999-2008). Comparison of the 2000 census data to the 2006-2008 American Community Survey data for San Francisco County did not reveal any significant demographic shifts [24]. Furthermore, the NHBS sample size of MSM of color was too small to make meaningful comparisons between groups of MSM [25–29]. In the beginning of our study period, up to 81% of chlamydia cases and 70% of gonorrhea cases were diagnosed in the public STI clinic. There are data that STI rates among MSM attending public STI clinics are higher than other clinical sites which could lead to an over estimation of STI rates [30, 31]. However, we believe that the gonorrhea and chlamydia surveillance systems in San Francisco are robust, as electronic laboratory reporting has been integrated into routine surveillance activities. Additionally, our definition of MSM was considered fixed. If a male patient reported male partners in 1990 during an STD clinic visit or public health disease control interview, or on a morbidity report, all subsequent morbidity was classified as MSM. As a result, men who have not had recent male exposures would be misclassified as MSM. Finally, San Francisco is a unique urban environment and is residence to a large population of MSM. Therefore, these findings may have limited generalizibility. However, we believe the methods we employed could be used in other health jurisdictions to develop locally valuable measures of disease burden and disparity.
Over the past few days Japan has been remembering the tragic aftermath of the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. And although 70 years have now passed since those dark days, for the Japanese people have not resigned the lessons learned back then to history.
The stories that have emerged have emphasized peace and pacifism, with many seniors reminding the younger generations that war should be avoided at all costs. This is a timely reminder given the constitutional changes that appear to be on the horizon for Japan.
Yahoo! Japan netizens highlighted one story in particular that touched their hearts. Hiroshima's baseball team, the Hiroshima Carps, and its main sponsor, Chugoku Broadcasting, went all out to remember what happened on August 6, 1945, and to ensure that future generations continue to learn from the past.
From WithNews:
“Tell of August 6 To Future Generations”: The Heart That Hiroshima TV Station Put Into Its Radio And TV Listings On August 6
A Message In The TV Listings On August 6
On the evening of August 6, which marked 70 years since the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, the Hiroshima Carps pro-baseball team were battling against Hanshin in the Matsuda Stadium. The match was sponsored by the team and the local TV station, Chugoku Broadcasting (RCC). If you look closely in the newspaper TV listings, the passion of the both the team and the TV station are hidden inside.
Last Year : “We're Thankful For Peace So We Can Support The Carps”
The TV and radio listing columns of the Hiroshima edition of the Asahi Shimbun. If you read the line of characters on the left-hand side of the RCC listings from 7:50pm vertically, the message “Tell of August 6 To Future Generations” appears.
Played The Match With “PEACE” Emblazoned On Their Chests
On August 5, the match against Hanshin was termed the “peacenighter” and RCC were boosting morale in the TV and radio listings with the message “The Carps: Hiroshima's Strength and Hope”.
And although the Carps sadly lost to the Hanshin Tigers, at the end of the fifth innings, John Lennon's “Imagine” was played, and those spectators sitting near the upper seating on the second level, which is virtually the same height as the top of Hiroshima's Genbaku Dome, took part in a performance where they held up red papers to make a “peace line”.
In the August 6 match, the Carps played with uniforms that had the word “PEACE” across the chest, and on the back they had“HIROSHIMA” instead of the players individual names. In that way, the players pledge to carry on the memory of Hiroshima.
Comments from Yahoo! Japan:
mobam＠s:
It looks like it's going to be a hot one today too. To everyone participating in the ceremony, please take care not to get heatstroke!
うめとカツオ@複アカチキンが一番ウケる:
My grandfather and grandmother are hibakusha [victims of the atomic bomb]. They never really spoke much about the atomic bomb, but I think that their suffering back then was substantial. At 8:15, think I'll observe a silence too. Because the only reason we have Hiroshima as it is today is thanks to those people.
bul*****:
I'm thankful to the Carps…because peace means a lot in sport. And it's so important that we convey these messages to the next generation.
ホネホネロック:
The shamelessness of the 86 bazookas knows no bounds.
sak*****:
One scientist said that for 70 years the trees in Hiroshima would bear no leaves.
And now that 70 years have passed the grass and the trees are green, and Hiroshima is full of people smiling as they go about their lives.
Doesn't this mean that “peace” has won out against “war”?
cou*****:
That's right…last year the message was “We're thankful for peace so we can support the Carps”.
I guess this will become something they do every year.
Popo:
I don't get the newspaper, but I like this kind of thing!
uch*****:
I think it's great.
yyg*****:
But they still didn't beat Hanshin.
gwg*****:
It's because of the past that we have the present.
And because we have a present, we have a future.
oka*****:
The Hiroshima Carps are the hope of the people of Hiroshima.
kao*****:
It's precisely because of the sacrifices made during the war and through the atomic bomb that now we can play and watch baseball in a peaceful society.
I hope that we never ever forget that.
gen*****:
Recently the 8.6 second bazookas [a comedy duo who are suspected of being anti-Japanese because their name has been taken to refer to the atomic bomb being dropped for a second time] haven't been on TV much, are they still in business?
Today they ‘re probably doing some material down at the Hiroshima Memorial Museum.
They need to give a clear explanation of the doubts on everyone's minds.
まさまさ:
Go Carps!
xaa*****
Story highlights Tehran province voters favor reformists, but national election results are pending
Voters selected members of parliament and the Assembly of Experts
Tehran, Iran (CNN) Early election results in Iran indicate major support for reformists and supporters of President Hassan Rouhani, who signed last year's landmark nuclear deal that limited the country's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.
Results for Tehran province, which is the country's most populous, showed a sweep by reformists and moderates of all its 30 parliamentary seats. Also, reformists won 15 of the province's 16 seats for the Assembly of Experts, a crucial body that would determine the country's next supreme leader.
JUST WATCHED Iran: Reformists poised to win parliamentary seats Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iran: Reformists poised to win parliamentary seats 01:50
Official results for the two national institutions are expected to be announced soon. But early indications at the reformers have scored well in these elections.
On Friday, voters had to select members of two crucial governing institutions: the Parliament and the Assembly of Experts. There are a total of 290 seats in parliament and 88 members for the Assembly of Experts.
Read More
This is going to be somewhat short on substance even though it's been a month since the last posting. This is primarily because the work accomplished so far mostly involved encapsulation of the parts. This always slows
things down because it's a process of applying epoxy and waiting for it to cure, then applying some more and starting the wait over again.
The first part of the aft cabin to be worked on was the floor and it's supports. It's the supports that took all the time because there are 10 of them, each of which had to be glued together first, then given three coats of epoxy on all sides.
Because of the cold weather, I had to work with the garage closed which made things rather tight to work. And parts had to be brought into the house to cure after epoxy was used to assemble (and later encapsulate) them.
The longer ones required using the boat as an impromptu workbench while encapsulating
These supports are like the forward cabin
floor supports in that they are a lamination
of 1/2" (12 mm) plywood and 3/4" African mahogany. The lamination of these two materials creates very stiff supports which should eliminate any bounciness in the floor.
There are 6 pieces that are approximately 8 feet long and 4 pieces that are approximately 3 feet long. The shorter supports go between the frames on the outboard edges of the cabin. All of the long supports cross over the frames in the middle. All will be mounted in slots cut into the floor timbers (when I get to that point).
After these were finished, I started on a template for the floor panels. There will ultimately be 3 panels, like the forward cabin (one on each side and a middle panel for access to the bilge). But in order to get the overall size and shape right, I decided to try a different approach to making the templates.
These were made by using narrow strips of cheap plywood, connected with glue and staples at the joints.
The template currently is sized for the two sections encompassing the area between frames 1 and 3, however, the floor will actually extend aft to the motorwell bulkhead which is approximately another 15 inches aft.
The long floor supports are over-sized in length for now with the plan being to extend them into the forward bulkhead of the motorwell compartment. They will be suitably supported on this end once everything else is made figured out and made. Once the final length of these supports is established, they will be cut to length.
And once the location of the bulkhead is determined, the floor template will be added onto to include the additional flooring aft.
This motorwell section needs to be a certain size in order to accommodate the outboard when it's tilted up. It also needs to accommodate the outboard's side to side turning extents.
The entire motorwell is designed to perform two main functions. First provide additional strength and support to the transom to take the stresses of the outboard's propulsive power. And secondly, to allow any water coming over the transom cutout to drain back out of the boat without getting into the interior of the boat.
Secondary functions are to build the appearance of the aft end of the boat and to provide additional storage areas.
This will become more clear in a future post once these parts are made and installed.
For now, the forward bulkhead of the motorwell needs to have a template made to get its shape correct. In order to do this, it's location fore and aft has to be established.
The requirement for my boat is to provide 25 inches forward from the transom cutout. Since the transom is angled, I rigged up a measuring tool and dropped a weighted line to determine where the bulkhead would be on the floor.
Trying to make a template at this measurement would have been difficult without some means of support while assembling it. So I elected to make the bulkhead lower cleat and install it. This is two 3/4" by 1 3/4" pieces of African Mahogany bent and attached to the inner hull battens and keel on the bottom of the compartment.
The laminations make it easier to give the cleat the slight curve necessary to conform to the inner hull shape.They were epoxied and screwed into position. The motorwell forward bulkhead will mount to the aft side of this cleat. There will be other structure as well which I will show in another post.
With the bulkhead position now firmly established, I will be able to finish the floor template and start on the bulkhead template. Once these templates are completed, I can make the actual parts and do any final fitting.
There were two other items accomplished not involving the aft cabin. I've finished encapsulating the cabinet for the forward cabin. This photo shows that in process.
And the anchor well up forward needed a small section of plywood added to the top of the aft bulkhead as a filler. This was cutout, glued in, cut to shape, the seam fill and prepared for paint. In the photo the area has not bee painted yet.
In preparation for the installation of the motorwell, which will make it too difficult to enter the boat from the transom anymore, I purchased a small one-step stool to set on the floor in the interior. My normal three-step stools will be used on the outside to clamber into the boat from the side. This is definitely more trouble than coming over the stern, but I keep telling myself that it means I am getting closer to completing the boat, so it's a small price to pay.
That's it for now. For those of you who celebrate the holidays, Happy Holidays and it's likely that the next post will be after the end of the year. Until then, take care.
BOSTON, MA - OCTOBER 28: Jahlil Okafor #8 of the Philadelphia 76ers handles the ball against David Lee #42 of the Boston Celtics on October 28, 2015 at the TD Garden in Boston, Masachusetts. (Photo by Brian Babineau/NBAE via Getty Images)
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — The Philadelphia 76ers were reportedly looking to trade one of their big men to the Boston Celtics in order to move up to pick No. 3 in the draft, for point-guard Kris Dunn.
That did not happen, but according to reports, the Sixers center Jahlil Okafor is still a trade target for the C's.
Sources tell The Boston Herald that, “The C's are still holding the line on their offers from prior to the draft. They will make trades if teams come around to their price. Jimmy Butler and Jahlil Okafor are said to be still available, but getting them now won't be as easy as on draft night when Chicago and Philadelphia, respectively, both coveted the No. 3 overall pick so they could take Providence's Kris Dunn.”
A few days after the draft, Sixers head coach Brett Brown admitted they would be “surprised” if the Sixers — with Okafor, Nerlens Noel, and Joel Embiid on the roster — did not trade a big man before the season began. Sixers general manager Bryan Colangelo stood by Brown's comments saying, “Brett and I are together on everything and to be honest with you.”
Okafor, 20, averaged 17.5 points and 7.0 rebounds per game as a rookie last season.
Alberta NDP Leader Rachel Notley says they have not spoken to federal Leader Thomas Mulcair for months. They say they take their cue from Albertans only. There are policy differences between the provincial and federal parties.
In any case, good showings by provincial parties don't often translate to better results for the federal party in the province in question. Often the opposite is the case. In Ontario, the opposite is almost always the case.
All that said, a win by Ms. Notley today in the Alberta election would be a major boost for Mr. Mulcair and the federal party – and one that comes at a critical time.
Story continues below advertisement
Should the leftists do the gobsmackingly unthinkable in what is still considered Canada's most right-wing province; should they topple one of the most formidable political dynasties in our history, the NDP brand will be strengthened across the board just months before a federal election.
This won't translate into a big harvest of seats for the federal party in Alberta. Prime Minister Stephen Harper isn't fumbling away their base there like the provincial Conservatives are. But it will provide a shot of credibility and momentum for the New Democrats. Voters who have paid little attention to them or who have been caught up in old stereotypes – Bolsheviks! No thank you – will give the party a new look. If the NDP isn't too scary for Albertans, who is it too scary for?
The fact that Ms. Notley's policies are more moderate will likely help broaden the Dipper tent. That they are personable and charming is a plus for the NDP image generally. Charisma in that party has rarely been in abundant supply.
We recall that Bob Rae's upset victory in 1990 in Ontario for the New Democrats hardly served to improve the party's overall image. They faced a deep recession and mishandled it. But the comparison is not a good one. Before that election, the NDP was a strong force in Ontario. In Alberta, the NDP hasn't won more than four seats in the past six provincial elections. Today's upset, should it happen, would be more astounding. Ms. Notley will have a terribly inexperienced cabinet and it is bound to create problems. But she'll have a honeymoon of a few months. There likely won't be enough time to screw up badly before the federal election. Momentum will still be there for the federal party to ride.
A victory by them would be grim news for both the federal Conservatives and Liberals, but worse for Justin Trudeau's Liberals. Mr. Harper would loathe seeing the NDP at the controls of the province that is their base and their party's base. But he'll likely hold their Alberta seats. Across the country, they know that a rise in New Democratic fortunes comes mainly at the expense of the Liberals. The more vote-splitting among progressives the better. If the two main opposition parties are neck and neck, Mr. Harper's chances of winning are enhanced.
Some are predicting that Albertans will get cold feet today and revert to the party that has governed them for 44 years in succession. But the NDP polling lead in Alberta is twice the size of other parties that have been in front in other recent provincial elections only to be stunned on election day.
The shock waves that will be sent through the system by an Alberta NDP triumph are such that the federal party could very much narrow the gap on the second-place Liberals. In the election campaign, the NDP, which currently has 59 more seats than the Grits and has the most formidable debater in Mr. Mulcair among the party leaders, could well become, like in the previous campaign, the go-to party for progressives desperate to prevent another Harper victory.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
If that happens, and if you wish to let your imagination run wild, consider this: Come the fall, it is not out of the question that we could have an NDP government both in Alberta and in Ottawa.
Stranger things have not happened.
Throne of the Crescent Moon, by Saladin Ahmed
Throne of the Crescent Moon, by Saladin Ahmed
published in Feburary 2011
where I got it: the Library*
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I've been trying to write this review for two days now, and it just hasn't been happening.
The only important part of this review is: Read this book now. really. I adored it. Ask my husband, I've been talking of nothing else for the last few days.
There is nothing I can say that will do this book justice.
But you know I'll try.
If Ellen Kushner showed me what effortless writing looked like, then Saladin Ahmed has shown me what truly fully developed characters read like. These characters are so real and so true that I didn't feel like I was reading them so much as spending a few precious days with them. I feel like I could tell you what Adoulla's bookshelves look like (cluttered but organized?), like I could describe the look on Raseed's face when they instantly regret something he's said, the sound of Zamia sleeping while in their lion shape. I want to have tea at Yehyeh's, I want to follow Adoulla through the city as their conflicted feelings force their actions.
Beyond the exquisite characterization, Throne of the Crescent Moon is so deliciously atypical of so much of the fantasy that's currently available. Yes, it's a fantasy adventure in a secondary world, and yes there is some magic. But show me another recently written fantasy novel where the hero is a middle aged fat man whose magic stems from phrases and quotations out of a religious prayerbook. Show me a recently written fantasy adventure where the endgame is all about ending up with the person you love, the person who waited for you.
Now that I've inadvertently made it sound like a supernatural neo-spiritual anime (which it most certainly isn't), let's get to the meat of the thing.
Doctor Adoulla Mahkslood is a Ghul Hunter. Their unstainable kaftan identifies them as one of the last of their kind. Old and tired, Adoulla agrees to one last ghul hunt. With their young apprentice Raseed, they venture into the desert. To find ghuls, and the Lion girl Zamia, last of their tribe. From there, the story takes off to involve Adoulla's trusted magician neighbors, an infamous thief known as the Falcon Prince, and the safety of their city. An ancient evil has been awakened, one so secret that even its name has been banished from the encoded records.
At less than three hundred pages Ahmed hasn't got a lot of time to get the story rolling. With not a wasted word the world of the Crescent Moon Kingdom takes shape like a curtain lifting. The ghul threat shows up very soon, as do possibly enemies and allies. In slower moments Adoulla and their friends chuckle as the teenaged Raseed and Zamia dance around each other, attracted but without the words to tell each other. It's cute. I hope they get married one day. It might be an fantasy adventure, but as in life, the true beauty of the tale is in the smaller moments.
In the last nine months especially, I've noticed a copious amount of new books that proclaim to be “Book one of the dramatic-word-here series!”. I grew up on stand alones and completed trilogies, and I'm not sure how much all these new series excite me. When I found out Throne of the Crescent Moon was the first in a series, I jumped for joy.
* why did I library such a book, and not buy it outright, you ask? Long story short, I know my local library will have this on the “New” shelves for a good 3-4 months, exposing it to countless readers who might not otherwise know of it's existence. Also, all my disposable income is currently going towards items that have the words “Cat Valente” on them someplace.
Advertisements
Entire fleet of fighter jets ordered not to fly as engineers inspect harness system following death of Spanish pilot
The RAF's entire fleet of Typhoon fighter jets has been grounded after a pilot fell to their death using their ejection seat, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) confirmed today.
All 64 planes, one of the UK's most important lines of defence, were ordered not to fly after a crewman from the Spanish airforce died when their parachute came away after they ejected.
Aircraft engineers were today trying to address safety concerns concerning the £1m harness system on the ejector seat. The accident is a major embarrassment for RAF officials who are pushing a deal to buy 40 Typhoons for £2.8bn when the defence budget is under pressure to cut costs.
Pilots at RAF bases in Coningsby, Lincolnshire and Leuchars, in Scotland, were told that in the event of an emergency they would still be ordered to fly. Priority has been given to quick-reaction force Typhoons and the jets guarding the Falklands.
Typhoons in Germany, Spain, Italy, Austria, and Saudi Arabia have also been grounded indefinitely after the fatal accident in Spain during a training flight last month. Typhoons make up the bulk of the RAF's fighter fleet.
An MoD spokesperson said: "The safety of our personnel is paramount. As a precaution, non-operational Typhoon flights have temporarily been suspended pending modification."
The final results of the latest primaries in the United States were summarized. On Tuesday, Republicans had Primaries in Nebraska and West Virginia, and Democrats voted for their candidates only in the Mountain State. Trump's victory in West Virginia was predicted long before. The Appalachian state with a ruined economy and the lowest quality of life in the US practically unanimously supported Trump as a chance for an alternative. 77% of the West Virginians voted for Trump. After Gov. Kasich and Sen. Cruz dropped out the race, Trump winning in Nebraska also became a more technical task. They won 65% and is ready to continue their triumphant run for the republican nomination.
Undemocratic Democrats
The most interesting issue in the American presidential race today is the future Democratic nomination. Before the primaries in West Virginia, Sanders won 19 contests, while Clinton won 26. Now the backlog is rapidly reducing. Hillary now has 42% of pledged delegates, while Sanders has 35%. However, Clinton already secured their nomination because of the unpledged Super-delegates. They are 715 from a total of 4,051 Democratic delegates and 70% of them back Clinton, while only 6% dared to support Trump. They are not elected, and this system has nothing in common with democracy at all, but it is they who serve as a mechanism to secure the position of the Democratic establishment. The problem is that this system, which tactically secures the presidential nomination for Hillary, is working strategically against them and will lead to the rise of Trump's support in November 2016.
The contribution of the Super-delegates in the Democratic campaign is very important if Hillary is to win the nomination, even in the event that Bernie will win all the states contested in May-July. If this were to happen, Republican candidates will have a good pretext to blame the democrats for the lack of democracy. Trump will secure the nomination because of the will of the people, and Hillary - because of the will of the establishment. Thus, every victory for Sanders will play into the hands of Trump, damaging the public image of Clinton as an imminent Democratic candidate.
Trump-Sanders similarities
The race is very close in every state, which shows that Bernie's agenda on social and economic issues is popular among Democrat voters. It includes higher taxes on the wealthy, protectionism, criticism of international trade deals damaging the interests of American workers, and preserving the social security system. The main differences between Sanders and Hillary are in the most crucial issues, where foreign and domestic politics merge like trade deals, which leads to the deindustrialization of the US and international politics, paid for by billions of dollars and thousands of lives, which affects every American. While Hillary has changed their rhetoric on some social issues, by partially adopting Bernie's platform, they have no elaborated plans to fulfill it unlike the Vermont Senator. As it does not promise anything specific, they are not going to fulfill anything. This is why the main base of their support is minorities and women. The first vote for them will be because of their stance on immigration and deals like NAFTA. The choice of the latter is a more emotional reason than a rational one.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders: common points:
• Higher taxes on the wealthy
• Protectionism, rejection of globalism
• Non-interventionist foreign policy
• Anti-plutocracy stance
While Trump and Sanders strongly disagree on issues of immigration, abortions, sodomites' unions, and taxes (except the issues of taxes for the wealthy), issues that affect the economic security of working families are similarly tackled. Both candidates also reject the costly and ineffective interventionist foreign policy of Washington. In general, both candidates reflect the anger of ordinary Americans towards the political system and political class. So it is not difficult to guess who the core of Bernie's electorate will vote for if they have to choose between Clinton and Trump. If we subtract sodomites, leftist students, and ethnic minorities from Sanders supporters, the remaining normal Americans are likely to vote for Trump. Their social conservatism and American nationalism is not aimed against them.
Sanders voters to vote for Trump?
A recent survey in West Virginia showed that 39% of Sanders voters would vote for Trump in the fall. The majority of Democrats in this poor Appalachian state are representatives of the white working class, so their opinion is more representative of this group among all Democrat voters.
According to nation-wide opinion polls on this issue held in March, 7-8% of Bernie's supporters prefer Trump to Clinton, but polls in West Virginia demonstrate that things are changing. In March, The Guardian sought out Sanders fans, and of the 700 people who replied to the call-out, 500 of them said they would vote for Trump if Clinton wins the nomination. The main reasons declared were: "shared commitment for protecting workers and against
new wars", and "their zeal for an alternative to the establishment". According to April's McClatchy-Marist poll, 25% of Sanders voters will not support Clinton.
Thus, Clinton's nomination will split the Democratic Party's electorate, attracting those who are dissatisfied with the establishment and Bernie voters to Trump's camp. Today, liberal experts unanimously reject such a perspective, but they underestimated Trump from the very beginning.
The majority of Sanders voters (except homosexuals and liberal hipsters) are not voting for personal reasons, but because they are an alternative. Thus, even if Sanders urges them to endorse Clinton, a great part are unlikely to do it, and near the date of the general elections they will switch to Trump.
At the same time the Republican leadership wants to consolidate its electorate urging other candidates and their supporters to endorse Donald Trump. If their efforts are successful, united Republicans will easily defeat divided Democrats, after all, Trump's challengers quit the race, and the Republicans have more time to resolve the main problems of battling the Democrats.
Trump Democrats can repeat the phenomenon of “Reagan's Democrats” - traditional supporters of the Democratic Party who played a decisive role in Ronald Reagan's victory in 1980 and 1984. Like Reagan, Trump is supported by blue collar white social conservative Democrats. Rasmussen Reports notes: "While Clinton has sizable leads over Trump among black and other minority voters, these voters are also more likely than whites to say they will stay home or vote for someone else. Trump leads among white voters ". Hillary's minority stake may not be justified, and then the fate of America will be decided by white workers.
The only alternative
Of course Trump has their own problems - they and Hillary are at the same time the most popular and most unpopular candidates. They are leading their races, but have high negative ratings. But contrary to Clinton, Trump is going to be only anti-establishment candidate, and winning the Republican nomination will show that they imposed themselves on the Republican establishment. Thus, physiologically they will attract all dissatisfied voters, and anti-Hillary voting will also play a major role. Bernie Sanders awoke a part of the dissatisfied American population that was not targeted by Trump's message. These people felt the taste of political struggle, and felt that their vote can change something. And they do not want to meekly surrender to Hillary Clinton and give them their vote. When it becomes a question of the fate of the country, many of them support Trump as the only force that can make a change.
Trump may annoy many due to their tactlessness and strange statements, but anti-Hillary sentiment is based on more solid ground: all the mistakes of their husband and Obama, plus their hawkish and disgraceful record as State Secretary (Benghazi, classified emails on private server, Syria) is working against them When the time comes to choose between rudeness and pure evil, many will choose rudeness.
From Just Cause 3 to World of Tanks, video game designers are pushing the tech behind explosions to their fiery limit.
In the opening moments of Just Cause 3, an innocent looking gas tank tumbles down a hill and winds up blowing an entire city.
Creating impressive fiery blasts can be a challenge for any development team. Great explosions that capture the player's imagination tend to put a strain on the system's resources, and the team must to carefully manage visual effects and physics of a blast to achieve ultimate destruction.
There is an art to simulating perfect chaos, and games like Just Cause 3, World of Tanks, and Sniper Elite 4 have mastered the darkness. These games enlist some seriously impressive technology and design techniques for the sheer joy of blowing stuff up.
1. Just Cause 3's Playground of Chaos
The Just Because franchise began as a parody of action movies that “jump the shark.” Three games later, and even Michael Bay would be hard-pressed to top its endless explosions. The series is beloved as a playground of anarchy and chaos, where a single bullet can set off incredible chain reactions, causing entire facilities to erupt.
The creators guide this chaos, but never want to put a limit on the player's control.
“It is impossible for us to predict every possible scenario that can play out,” said Christofer Sundberg, chief creator at Avalanche Studio. And nor do they want to.
Much of Just Cause 3's mayhem stems from a design philosophy known as emergent gameplay, where the developers create simple rules that govern a world. But then, the player is let loose without restraint, resulting in unexpected bouts of destruction.
“Everything from AI to physics simulation has a certain degree of dynamics [in Just Cause],” said Johan Fläckman, the studio's VP of Technology.
This means the game's explosions are able to respond to player interaction more than usual, so things often get out of control. Fläckman said he's constantly amazed by the unintentional havoc their creative fans wreak on their world.
2. The Strategic Bombing of Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak
In Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, the player is given the keys to a massive, futuristic army and sent off to battle on a warring planet. During the game's development cycle, the need for a lot of different types of explosions arose quickly. The team ended up creating over 210 unique explosion effects to account for all the diverse ways that military units can blow up, from electrical explosions to mushroom clouds of black smoke.
“We felt that explosions were a really important part of making exciting vehicle combat,” said Steve Mumford, the Senior FX Artist at Blackbird Interactive.
As a result, at any given time, half the map is lit up with firefights. However, the mayhem comes at a cost to CPU performance. During intense moments, the game's frame rate can dip, slowing the speed of battle. To find a solution, the programmers created visual tools that determined which explosions were hogging the resources and took them down a notch.
3. World of Tanks' Rugged Ruins
Ever developers added destructible environments to World of Tanks, no building has been safe. In previous versions of the game, houses simply turned into a pile of rubble and dust when hit with a projectile. Now, they explode with finesse. Pieces of brick and debris go flying and cause damage to surrounding objects. The second story of a building will collapse if the ground floor is taken out.
Instead of relying on better graphics to make bigger, flashier explosions, the team used physics calculations to create eruptions that pack a punch.
According to Josh Bancroft, a Community Manager of Developer Engagement at Intel, realistic destruction falls squarely in the CPU's wheelhouse.
“Do you want to see the pieces rip apart, and be able to follow all the pieces as they explode?” they said.
“To have that level of reality and immersion, you need to have more CPU performance,” they said.
4. Sniper Elite 4 Reveals the Anatomy of Destruction
Sniper Elite 4 offers a precise anatomical breakdown of an explosion's effect on a virtual avatar. Not only are enemies sent flying through the air by the blasts according to the laws of physics, but the enemies also have a realistic skeleton and organ systems. The game even models the effects of shrapnel tearing through a battlefield.
In the future, the development team hopes to push the tech even further.
“[I'd like to have] skeletons dynamically shattering with real-time physics simulations,” said Oliver Cullen, senior VFX artist at Rebellion. “Getting organs to wobble and tear with every possible scenario would also be interesting.”
Of course, these kinds of calculations would require an excessive amount of processing power.
For now, the CPU already has its hands full rendering the physics of large scale destruction of bridges and radar dishes in the environment.
5. Halo Wars 2's Realistic Rumble
While physics are important, explosions also need to sound mighty. To make sure that Halo Wars 2's explosions were as authentic as possible, the UK based studio Creative Assembly traveled to the US, where they were allowed to record the sound of flamethrowers and also run over cars with a tank.
“We worked with 343 studios to capture the sounds of weapons and explosions: M40 rifles, a Barrett M82 rifle, 50-caliber weapons you can't get ahold of in the UK,” James Magee, the game's audio designer, said on the Microsoft News Center.
The live explosions and real-life gunfire serve as a counterpoint to the game's soundtrack, which was recorded with an eighty-piece symphonic orchestra and, as usual with games in the Halo franchise, a large choir.
With destructible environments, real time physics calculations, and intense graphical effects, video game explosions are built to impress, but the best is yet to come. As technology progresses and processors become faster, games will rocket into the sky like never before.
Each year, around 15 million children fall ill with rheumatic heart disease worldwide; half a million of them die as a consequence. At the beginning of the medical cases of these children stands a simple throat infection with streptococcus – spherical bacteria responsible for causing a range of different infections. However, it is only certain streptococcal strains that trigger a whole chain of reactions in the body that culminates in the life-threatening rheumatic heart disease. These bacteria carry a special protein sequence, the so-called PARF motif, on their surface.
Singh Chhatwal and their colleague Patric Nitsche-Schmitz of the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research (HZI) in Braunschweig illustrate the role played by PARF in the development of rheumatic heart disease. With this knowledge they are developing a test system that is able to recognise and prevent the disease at an early stage.
"PARF means 'peptide associated with rheumatic fever'," explains Nitsche-Schmitz. "It is a small section from a bacterial surface protein , which is used by the streptococcus to adhere to our cells and cause disease." Rheumatic fever develops from harmless sore throats amongst children in India, Australia and Africa in particular. The reason: inadequate medical treatment.
If children with a streptococcus infection in the throat receive no or inadequate antibiotic treatment, then the surviving bacteria with the PARF sequence on their surface will adhere to their collagen. Collagen is present throughout the body – as a major component of bone and cartillage it determines shape and structure of our body and it strengthens the connective tissue of the skin, the heart valves and blood vessels with its high resistance to tensile forces. Adhesion of PARF-bearing streptococci to collagen confuses our immune system and our body's defence system not only targets the bacteria, but also healthy and vital collagen. The auto-immune disease rheumatic fever breaks out. If this in turn also fails to be treated correctly, the consequence is rheumatic heart disease: the heart valves, rich in collagen, become inflamed and cease to function.
Overall, only around five percent of all throat infections with streptococci result in an auto-immune disease. In order to filter out these five percent and treat them at an early stage, the Braunschweig infection researchers are developing a simple test strip that reacts to the PARF motif. "We hope that this will soon give us a test system that we can use for examination of children on a routine basis," says Singh Chhatwal: "This would save the lives of a lot of children."
Stephen Colbert joked about the president's "feeble, fucking anemic firefly of a soul." Seth Meyers teased that the vice president was somehow "already sunburned" before their visit to devastated Puerto Rico. And Jimmy Kimmel, that comedian turned public conscience, lectured all week long about everything from Stephen Colbert joked about the president's "feeble, fucking anemic firefly of a soul." Seth Meyers teased that the vice president was somehow "already sunburned" before their visit to devastated Puerto Rico. And Jimmy Kimmel, that comedian turned public conscience, lectured all week long about everything from healthcare to mental health to gun control
But chances are good you didn't watch any of it because viewership isn't doing so well. Of course, they're still the kings of late-night comedy. Nobody has cast out that lineup because nobody has really showed up to watch.
While America was laughing at Twitter and watching YouTube videos, late night was slipping. Writing in the Transom, Ben Domenech of The Federalist points out that the late-night viewership of ABC, CBS, plus NBC this week While America was laughing at Twitter and watching YouTube videos, late night was slipping. Writing in the Transom, Ben Domenech of The Federalist points out that the late-night viewership of ABC, CBS, plus NBC this week barely broke 8 million viewers . Not long ago retired NBC funnyman Jay Leno was bringing in 6 million viewers all on their own.
What caused the network comics to start flopping? Obviously, the generational demographics and technological developments can't be discounted — millennials don't watch as much television, and if they do it's online or after the fact. Assuming those younger viewers aren't suddenly going to stay up late to watch broadcast TV, then maybe something else has to give.
But compare the late-night comedy numbers to Sean Hannity over at Fox News and Rachel Maddow at MSNBC. Those hacks don't tell jokes (at least not well, anyway) but they still bring in more views. Domenech But compare the late-night comedy numbers to Sean Hannity over at Fox News and Rachel Maddow at MSNBC. Those hacks don't tell jokes (at least not well, anyway) but they still bring in more views. Domenech points out that Hannity averaged 3.5 million viewers, Maddow another 2.65 million last week. (Granted, these shows air before 11 p.m.)
Perhaps the late-night lineup should consider dialing down the politics to keep the viewers they have and stop alienating the 63 million people who voted for Donald Trump. At the very least, it's worth a try.
Philip Wegmann is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
Image copyright MOD Image caption Royal Marines carried out patrols in the Nahr-e-Saraj district as part of their duties in their final deployment
Royal Marines from 40 Commandoes have been closely involved in Afghanistan since the aftermath of 9-11.
The unit's involvement began when they supported Special Forces in the hunt for Osama Bin Laden in the Tora Bora mountain caves.
As government policy changed in the years after 2001, each deployment has come with its own goals and sacrifices, such as Operation Herrick 12 when 14 Royal Marines lost their lives in 2010.
Here, some Royal Marines share their experiences.
Sacrifice and friendship
Royal Marine, Robbie Neen was on the final deployment to Afghanistan, when Cpl David O'Connor was killed in a gun battle on 24 October 2012.
I think there is a future for Afghanistan, I think they can hold the Taliban off - the sole question is payment." Warrant Officer 2 Andy Staff
They said: "Everyone was shocked. It was quiet up until that point, and when it did happen, everyone was speechless really.
"It was a sad, sad loss for 40. You pay your respects and then you have to get on with your job once you're out there."
Warrant Officer 2 Andy Staff said: "You never get used to it, because the Royal Marines are a relatively small organisation in the military. But each loss is felt. You have to just get on with it, the job doesn't stop."
"We are a very close-knit community anyway, but when you go to somewhere like Afghanistan, those bonds become even closer because you're living with somebody day in and day out."
'The early days'
Colour Sgt Dominic Conway said that when they were initially deployed, 40 Commandoes was giving support to Special Forces in "hunting the Taliban down".
"We'd initially gone in there straight after 9/11 and we were doing basically what soldiers do, going out on the ground trying to find evidence of insurgents, although we didn't call them that at the time," they said.
"With the help of the Northern Alliance, we were looking to get rid of the Taliban.
"It wasn't for a huge amount [of time], it was exciting, I was relieved to be involved in it, I count my blessings really," added Colour Sgt Conway.
Moving forward
The main purpose of the final tour has been handing over to the Afghan forces as part of staged withdrawal due to be completed by the end of 2014.
40 Commando deployments 40 Commandoes has been deployed to Afghanistan four times in total
Royal Marines were deployed on Herrick 7, 12 and 17
They were also involved in the early deployment to Afghanistan where they supported Special Forces in the hunt for terrorist Osama Bin Laden in the Tora Bora mountain caves
During Herrick 12, between April - October 2010 the unit suffered its greatest losses when 14 Royal Marines were killed in action
Their final deployment, Herrick 17 has been mainly handing over to the Afghan security forces, rather than a fighting role
Sgt Robert Norcliffe has served on Operation Herrick 5, 6 and 7.
They said: "With Gereshk, the way things are different compared to five years ago when I was there last, is how much busier that town is now.
"We moved through that town with a lot less aggressive posture than we did in 2007.
"People feel safe, it was always a market town and when everyone was fighting there, the British, the Taliban, the American forces, people leave.
"Once there's a little bit of confidence, a little bit more security, it gets to the point where it gets busier and busier to the point where you can barely get vehicles down the road."
'Future for Afghanistan'
Colour Sgt Conway said: "Over the years, we've managed to degrade them. The leadership might be there, but the Taliban or insurgency is pretty much defunct.
"It will be remembered as a 10-year part of my career, I think what we've done out there has worked, I feel a sense of pride and a sense of achievement to do that.
"My wife says I feel more for a bloke I shared a tent with for six months, but I'm sure she's wrong on that."
Warrant Officer 2 Andy Staff said: "The security forces have brought on the local Afghan forces to a massive extent. They were basically non-existent when I first went out there.
"They will never be as good as the Americans, the French, the British, they just haven't got that grounding but they are infinitely better than they ever were before.
"The big question is can the country keep paying them, if the country can keep on paying them, I think there is a future for Afghanistan."
Many books of quotations
include a famous humorous quote by the eminent American architect
:
“The physician can bury their mistakes, but the
architect can only advise their client to plant vines.”
This quote is usually given without any context, except to say that it comes from an article in the October 4, 1953 issue of The New York Times Magazine. (It's sometimes simply cited as being from The New York Times, but was technically in the paper's “magazine” section.)
I had once assumed that the quote was from an interview. However, when I looked it up in the online New York Times archive , I discovered that the article was written by Wright themselves and that origin of the famous quote actually dates back to 1931.
When the NYT article was published in 1953, Wright was 86 years old. They were renowned as one of the greatest architects in the world. And, they were working on two of their final major projects: the Price Tower in Bartlesville, Oklahoma (his only skyscraper) and their amazing, spiral-shaped masterpiece, the Guggenheim Museum in New York City.
Wright's NYT article was essentially their own overview of their career, starting in 1893 when they left the firm of their mentor Louis Henry Sullivan and began designing their famed “Prairie Houses.”
They opened the article with this anecdote:
Of course, I will never forget the sensations when the Winslow House was built in 1893 in Oak Park [Illinois], the year I left Adler & Sullivan and started my own practice. All Oak Park and River Forest began prowling around the place: I remember climbing up into an upper part of the building during construction to listen to comments. I pulled the ladder up and waited. In came a young fellow with a couple of young women and the fellow said, “Have you seen the man who built this? God, they look as if they had a pain.” Another one said, “They say this cost $30,000, but I can't see it.” So I learned my lesson: I never listened like that again.
Wright went on to mention many of their most famous buildings and innovations in the article, including their new projects, the Price Tower and the Guggenheim.
They ended the article by noting some advice he'd given to young architects in a 1931 lecture in Chicago.
In the NYT piece, Wright briefly summarized that advice and gave the following version of their view on the difference between doctors and architects:
“The physician can bury their mistakes, but the architect can only advise their client to plant vines — so they should go as far as possible from home to build their first buildings.”
The first part of that quote is what shows up in most books of quotations.
The second part that advises architects to build their first buildings far from home may reflect Wright's unpleasant eavesdropping experience at the Winslow House back in 1893.
In Wright's 1931 lecture (published later that year in their book Two Lectures on Architecture ), the two parts of the famed “plant vines” quotation are reversed. They appear as the 11th of 14 key recommendations Wright gave to young architects. Here are all 14…
1. Forget the Architectures of the world except as something good in their way and time.
2. Do none of you go into Architecture to get a living unless you love architecture as a principle at work, for its own sake — prepared to be as true to it as to your mother, your comrade, or yourself.
3. Beware of the Architectural school except as the exponent of engineering.
4. Go into the field where you can see the machines and methods at work that make the modern buildings, or stay in construction direct and simple until you can work naturally into building-design from the nature of construction.
5. Immediately begin to form the habit of thinking “why” concerning any effects that please or displease you.
6. Take nothing for granted as beautiful or ugly, but take every building to pieces, and challenge every feature. Learn to distinguish the curious from the beautiful.
7. Get the habit of analysis—analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind.
8. “Think in Simples” as my old master used to say—meaning to reduce the whole to its parts in the simplest terms, getting back to first principles. Do this in order to proceed from generals to particulars and never confuse or confound them or yourself be confounded by them.
9. Abandon as poison the American idea of the “quick turnover.” To get into practice “half-baked” is to sell out your birthright as an Architect for a mess of pottage, or to die pretending to be an Architect.
10. Take time to prepare. Ten years' preparation for preliminaries to Architectural practice is little enough for any Architect who would rise “above the belt” in true Architectural appreciation or practice.
11. Then go as far away as possible from home to build your first buildings. The physician can bury their mistakes—but the Architect can only advise their client to plant vines.
12. Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken-house as to build a cathedral. The size of the project means little in Art, beyond the money-matter. It is the quality of character that really counts. Character may be large in the little or little in the large.
13. Enter no Architectural competition under any circumstances except as a novice. No competition ever gave to the world anything worth having in Architecture. The jury itself is a picked average. The first thing done by the jury is to go through all the designs and throw out the best and the worst ones so as an average, it can average upon an average. The net result of any competition is an average by the average of averages.
14. Beware of the shopper for plans. The man who will not grubstake you're in prospecting for ideas in their behalf will prove a faithless client.
I think some of Wright's advice has application far beyond the realm of architecture. My favorite is the last part of #12: “It is the quality of character that really counts. Character may be large in the little or little in the large.”
Frank Lloyd Wright, who died in 1959 (the year the Guggenheim Museum was completed), clearly brought a huge amount of character to everything they did.
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments? Corrections? Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Continued from The Obviousness of Anarchy: The Question
Written by John Hasnas, Associate Professor, Georgetown University, J.D., Ph.D, LL.M.
IV. The Answer
A. Rules of Law
1. CREATION
Supporters of government claim that government is necessary to provide the fundamental rules that bring order to human life in society. Without government to create rules of law, they contend, human beings are unable to banish violence and coordinate their actions sufficiently to produce a peaceful and prosperous society, and hence, are doomed to a Hobbesian existence that is “solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.”3
The proper response to this is: look around. Those of us residing in the United States or any of the British Commonwealth countries live under an extremely sophisticated and subtle scheme of rules, very few of which were created by government. Since almost none of the rules that bring peace and order to our existence were created by government, little argument should be required to establish that government is not necessary to create such rules. On the contrary, it is precisely the rules that were created by government that tend to undermine peace and order.
The Anglo-American legal system is often referred to as a common law legal system. This is unfortunate, given the anachronistic contemporary understanding of the term “common law.” Currently, common law is associated with “judge-made” law. For most of the formative period of the common law, however, judges did not make the law, but merely presided over proceedings where disputes were resolved according to the accepted principles of customary law. Hence, describing the English common law as judge-made law is akin to describing the market as something created by economists.
English common law is, in fact, case-generated law; that is, law that spontaneously evolves from the settlement of actual disputes. Almost all of the law that provides the infrastructure of our contemporary society was created in this way. Tort law, which provides protection against personal injury; property law, which demarcates property rights; contract law, which provides the grounding for exchange; commercial law, which facilitates complex business transactions; and even criminal law, which punishes harmful behavior, all arose through this evolutionary process. It is true that most of our current law exists in the form of statutes. This is because much of the common law has been codified through legislation. But the fact that politicians recognized the wisdom of the common law by enacting it into statutes, hardly proves that government is necessary to create rules of law. Indeed, it proves precisely the opposite.
English law provides a nice illustration of how law evolves when not preempted by government. When people live together in society, disputes inevitably arise. There are only two ways to resolve these disputes; violently or peacefully. Because violence has high costs and produces unpredictable results, human beings naturally seek peaceful alternatives. The most obvious such alternative is negotiation. Hence, in Anglo-Saxon times, the practice arose of holding violent self-redress in abeyance while attempts were made to reach a negotiated settlement. This was done by bringing the dispute before the communal public assembly, the moot, whose members, much like present-day mediators, attempted to facilitate accommodation that the opposing parties found acceptable. When reached, such accommodations resolved the dispute in a way that preserved the peace of the community.
The virtue of settling disputes in this way was that the moot had an institutional memory. When parties brought a dispute before the moot that was similar to ones that had been resolved in the past, someone would remember the previous efforts at settlement.
Accommodations that had failed in the past would not be repeated; those that had succeeded would be. Because the moot was a public forum, the repetition of successful methods of composing disputes gave rise to expectations in the community as to what the moot would recommend in the future, which in turn gave the members of the community advance notice of how they must behave. As the members of the community conformed their behavior to these expectations and took them into consideration in the process of negotiating subsequent accommodations, rules of behavior gradually evolved.
This, in turn, allowed for the transformation of the dispute settlement procedure from one dominated by negotiation to one consisting primarily in the application of rules. The repetition of this process over time eventually produced an extensive body of customary law that forms the basis of English common law.4
It is true that, beginning in the late twelfth century, the common law developed in the royal courts, but this does not imply that either the king or their judges made the law. On the contrary, for most of its history, the common law was entirely procedural in nature. Almost all of the issues of concern to the lawyers and judges of the king's courts related to matters of jurisdiction or pleading; that is, whether the matter was properly before the court, and if it was, whether the issues to be submitted to the jury were properly specified. The rules that were applied were supplied by the customary law. As Harold Berman explains,
[T]he common law of England is usually said to be itself a customary law. . . .What is meant, no doubt, is that the royal enactments established procedures in the royal courts for the enforcement of rules and principles and standards and concepts that took their meaning from custom and usage. The rules and principles and standards and concepts to be enforced . . . were derived from informal, unwritten, unenacted norms and patterns of behavior.5
Thus, as late as 1765, Blackstone identified the common law with “general customs; which are the universal rule of the whole kingdom, and form the common law, in its stricter and more usual signification.”6 Indeed, modern commercial law is derived almost entirely from the customary law merchant that Lord Mansfield engrafted onto the common law wholesale in the eighteenth century.7
The interesting thing about the common law process is that it creates law only where it is actually needed to allow human beings to live together peacefully. Consider the torts of assault and battery. Battery forbids one from intentionally making “harmful or offensive contact” with another. This prohibits not only direct blows, but snatching a plate out of someone's hand or blowing smoke in their or their face. Assault forbids one from intentionally causing another to fear they or they are about to be battered, but it does not prohibit attempts at battery of which the victim is unaware or threats to batter someone in the future. These torts protect individuals against not only physically harmful contact, but against all offensive physical contact as well as the fear that such contact will be immediately forthcoming.
When I teach Torts, I ask the students to account for these rules. Being products of the legislative age, they inevitably launch into some theory of justice or moral desert or human rights, which invariably fails to account for the contours of the law. After all, attempting to batter someone is morally blameworthy whether or not the intended victim is aware of it, and one hardly has the right not to be offended.
The students fail because they think of the law as created by conscious human agency to serve an intended end. Thus, they miss the simpler evolutionary explanation. In earlier centuries, one of the most urgent social needs was to reduce the level of violence in society. This meant discouraging people from taking the kind of actions that were likely to provoke an immediate violent response. Quite naturally, then, when disputes arising out of violent clashes were settled, the resolutions tended to penalize those who had taken such actions. But what type of actions are these? Direct physical attacks on one's person are obviously included. But affronts to one's dignity or other attacks on one's honor are equally if not more likely to provoke violence. Hence, the law of battery evolved to forbid not merely harmful contacts, but offensive ones as well.
Furthermore, an attack that failed was just as likely to provoke violence as one that succeeded, and thus gave rise to liability. But if the intended victim was not aware of the attack, it could not provoke a violent response, and if the threat was not immediate, the threatened party had time to escape, enlist the aid of others, or otherwise respond in a nonviolent manner. Hence, the law of assault evolved to forbid only threats of immediate battery of which the target was aware.
This example shows how the common law creates the rules necessary for a peaceful society with minimal infringement upon individual freedom. Law that arises from the settlement of actual conflicts, settles conflicts. It does not create a mechanism for social control. Common law is law that is created by non-political forces. As such, it can give us rules that establish property rights, ground the power to make contracts, and create the duty to exercise reasonable care not to injure our fellows, but not those that impose a state religion, segregate races, prohibit consensual sexual activity, or force people to sell their homes to developers. Only government legislation, which is law that is consciously created by whatever constitutes the politically dominant interest, can give us rules that restrict the freedom of some to advance the interests or personal beliefs of others.
The unenacted common law provides us with rules that facilitate peace and cooperative activities. Government legislation provides us with rules that facilitate the exploitation of the politically powerless by the politically dominant. The former bring order to society; the latter tend to produce strife. Hence, not only is government not necessary to create the basic rules of social order, it is precisely the rules that the government does create that tend to undermine that order.
To be continued in The Obviousness of Anarchy: Uniformity of Rules of Law
Footnotes
3 T. HOBBES, LEVIATHAN 107 (H. Schneider ed., 1958) (1651).
4 For a fuller account of this process, see John Hasnas, Toward a Theory of Empirical Natural Rights, 22 SOCIA L PHILOSOPHY AND POLICY 111 (2005) and John Hasnas, Hayek, the Common Law, and Fluid Drive, 1 NEW YORK UNIVERSITY JOURNAL OF LAW & LIBERTY 79 (2005). See also ARTHUR R. HOGUE, ORIGINS OF THE COM M ON LAW, ch.8 (1966).
5 HAROLD BERM AN, LAW AND REVOLUTION 81 (1983).
6 1 WILLIAM BLACKSTONE, COM M ENTARIES ON THE LAW S OF ENGLAND 67 (1765). See also FREDERICK POLLOCK, FIR ST BOOK OF JURISPRUDENCE 254 (6th ed. 1929) (“[T]he common law is a customary law if, in the course of about six centuries, the undoubting belief and uniform language of everybody who had occasion to consider the matter were able to make it so.”).
7 See LEON E. TRAKM AN, THE LAW MERCHANT: THE EVOLUTION OF COM M ERCIA L LAW 27 (1983). The story of the evolution of modern commercial law from the customary law merchant is an often told tale. In addition to Trakman's account, see also HAROLD BERM AN, LAW AND REVOLUTION ch.11 (1983), BRUCE BENSON, THE ENTERPRISE OF LAW 30-35 (1990), and John Hasnas, Toward a Theory of Empirical Natural Rights, 22 SOCIA L PHILOSOPHY AND POLICY 111, 130-31 (2005). For a useful account of the customary nature of the English common law see, Todd Zywicki, The Rise and Fall of Efficiency in the Common Law: A Supply-Side Analysis, 97 NW. U. L. REV. 1551 (2003). See also J.H. BAKER, AN INTRODUCTION TO ENGLISH LEGAL HISTORY 2-74 (4th ed. 2002) and John Hasnas, Hayek, Common Law, and Fluid Drive, 1 N.Y.U. JOURNAL OF LAW & LIBERTY 79 (2005).
This is by far the most awesome gift I have ever received from someone who is a complete stranger to me. For someone who solely rely on my given profile, you my friend just nailed it, you stalked me pretty well! Lots of thanks from Dubai & home country - Phil!
Right from the very moment the box was handed over to me and I tried to shake it, I knew then that there are m&ms inside! And it even comes in four different flavors. How cool is that?
I got some maple candies too. I tried one just and now it is really good. They said (n d letter) that it's the most Canadian thing they could think of since they can't get me a snow. So thoughtful!
On the box it was labeled books and first thing that comes in my mind, oh please just the walking dead. But I was even more dumbfounded to see it was not twd! In fact it is my (all time) fave anime (next to Kenshin) -DEATHNOTE! Someone will be soooooo jealous!!!!!
To top it all: Card & Letters. These two beat them all. I so love cards and handwritten letters. You made me the happiest indeed!
I love it SS! Thank you for making this exchanged so exciting and for making me so happy this year. Not just last year..but also this 2016.
The TV show Oddities focus on a shop devoted to odd objects, and at New YOrk Comic Con we saw a scene that was so gruesome, they couldn't include it in the episode. Which interaction was so disturbing it had to be axed from a show that celebrates the bizarre?
Warning: Clip is safe for work, but maybe not for eyes.
The footage, which will never make it to air, was shown as a special treat for fans at the SCIENCE Channel's NYCC panel (Oddities is shown on both the Discovery Channel and SCIENCE, its sister network).
Advertisement
We also learned few fun tidbits from the main Oddities castmembers, Obscura shop owners Mike Zohn and Evan Michelson and buyer Ryan Matthew:
The most-bought items in the store are hoodwinks (Masonic "initiation goggles"), varied taxidermy and human teeth.
Of all the strange, wonderful, and downright creepy objects offered to the shop, what was unequivocally turned down? We heard that a mummified corndog from a 1982 Van Halen concert took the cake — especially as the seller wanted thousands of dollars for that piece of rock 'n' roll history.
Advertisement
Michelson added that the only offered "collectible" that truly unsettled them was what the seller insisted was a "mummified head from a hospital in Egypt." They were at the shop late at night when the man came in with their bundle, and when unwrapped, they saw that the head was old but not mummified, with strips of skin still clinging, did not appear to be of Egyptian descent, and a strong metallic scent filled the shop that gave the staff intense headaches. Needless to say, the nightmarish head was not purchased, and its origins remain a mystery.
It's been a hard week for anyone who likes to see government as a force for progress. Two watchdogs of public spending, the auditors general of Canada and of Ontario, released reports within a day of each other this week. Say hello to Ontario auditor general Bonnie Lysyk. Most Ontario health-care patients receive timely care and go home quickly, they found in a report they tabled on Wednesday. But most of them aren't suffering from anything serious or urgent. The bad news is reserved for some who can least afford it. “At the three hospitals we visited, one in four patients with critical or life-threatening conditions had to wait an average of four hours for surgeries that should have started within two,” Lysyk wrote. “Half of patients who should have undergone emergency surgery within two to eight hours waited an average of 10 or more hours longer.”
Most Ontario health-care patients receive timely care and go home quickly, auditor general Bonnie Lysyk found. But most of them aren't suffering from anything serious or urgent. The bad news is reserved for some who can least afford it, writes Paul Wells. ( Christopher Katsarov / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Half of them. Ontario hospitals have the second-highest rate of life-threatening infection in Canada, Lysyk found. That's partly because patients are spending more nights in hospital beds than they should. If those beds were used less often, not only would sepsis rates go down, but “hospitals could have treated about 37,550 more patients a year,” they write. Health care isn't the only mess. Kathleen Wynne's government promises to sharply increase construction spending over the next several years. That's excellent news if you're a lousy construction company.
Article Continued Below
“The ministry is lenient with contractors who perform poorly,” rehiring them repeatedly after they turn in shoddy work, Lysyk writes. “In addition, the ministry has paid to repair substandard work, even when the repairs should have been covered by the contractor's warranty.” But haven't you been seeing a bunch of ads at the cineplex, saying everything's going swell in Kathleen Wynne's Ontario? Absolutely. That's because the Ontario Liberals, who passed legislation banning partisan ads with public money, then passed measures to weaken that legislation. So they're spending two-thirds more on those ads after they told you they'd stop making them. The good news is, if the ads are well-produced enough, you'll feel really warm and happy about being screwed over. Now, I live in Ottawa and I'm supposed to keep an eye on the federal government. But I couldn't help being sensitized to Lysyk's report after their federal colleague, Michael Ferguson, released a similar report earlier on Tuesday. Ferguson, who's been on the job for five years (and has, incidentally, improved the quality of their spoken French far more rapidly than most elected politicians manage), led their report with a kind of lament. “Our audits come across these same problems in different organizations time and time again. Even more concerning is that when we come back to audit the same area again, we often find that program results have not improved.”
Ferguson's report is striking because it shows the state of play after a decade of Harper Conservative government in Ottawa. Audits track effects that have been years in the making; even if you're of the view that Justin Trudeau's Liberals are here to screw everything up, the fact is that they will not have had time to ruin most of the systems Ferguson measured. And yet. Taxpayers who dispute Canada Revenue Agency decisions find themselves plunged, by the tens of thousands, into a Kafkaesque nightmare. “The agency took five or more years to resolve 79,000 cases worth almost $4 billion,” Ferguson writes. “Unreasonable delays matter because while taxpayers wait for the Canada Revenue Agency to make a decision on their objection, the money in dispute is not used as productively as it could be, and this has an economic cost.”
Article Continued Below
One would have thought the Harper Conservatives would want to keep $4 billion flowing smoothly through the economy. One would have been wrong. There are a few possible explanations for all these messes. One is bad faith: governments, or enough people in government, don't want it to work because they are wicked. I've never put much faith in this theory. I meet too many thoughtful and dedicated public servants. Another possibility is that it is simply impossible to design a government program that works well. A third is that most programs actually do work well, but that these reports are designed to point out a few bad apples, endlessly. It would be gratifying, they said mildly, if there were more evidence that such questions are getting a lot of consideration at the top of the Wynne and Trudeau governments. Both operate on the assumption that government can be a force for good in society. Neither can long survive an inability to back up the claim. Paul Wells is a national affairs writer. Their column appears Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiators from a dozen countries in North America, South America, and Asia announced agreement late last year on what would be the biggest trade pact ever. The TPP would supplant NAFTA and US accords with Chile, Peru, and Australia, and add Japan and Vietnam, among others. Most of those countries will quickly ratify it, eager to demonstrate a favorable climate for investors and deference to US economic power. Ad Policy
At first, a confident Obama administration set out a timetable for signing the TPP in February and sending it to Congress for a vote in May 2016. Those goalposts might slip, though, as presidential candidates jockey for advantage. Already Hillary Clinton has said “maybe not” to the TPP, in spite of their support for it while Secretary of State. Bernie Sanders is a thundering “No.” Donald Trump has labeled the TPP “insanity,” and Ted Cruz announced they would vote against it. The anti–Republican establishment surge has even conventional pro-business candidates voicing doubts. In their State of the Union address, President Obama pitched the TPP as a counterweight to China's influence in the region—an argument that falls flat, with the Chinese economy tanking.
A key focus of TPP debate is the controversial investor-state dispute-settlement chapter. With the text now open for review, supporters and critics alike are parsing the ISDS language. Is it “the clause everyone should oppose,” as Senator Elizabeth Warren has argued? Or does it “promote development, rule of law, and good governance around the world,” as the US trade representative says?
ISDS allows foreign corporations to sue governments for what firms see as unfair treatment. The alleged wrongdoing might be expropriation of a firm's assets without compensation. It might be new regulations, such as stricter environmental or product-safety rules that differ from those in effect when the investment was made.
TPP negotiators carved out a shield for rules on tobacco products without fear of tobacco companies' challenge. But in countless other matters that might be ripe for regulation, the ISDS chapter leaves governments vulnerable to costly legal battles when foreign investors say they suffered losses because of government actions. On January 6, for example, the Canadian energy firm TransCanada invoked NAFTA's investor-state clause in demanding $15 billion from the United States because President Obama halted the Keystone XL pipeline project. LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
Instead of going to court, ISDS lets investors force sovereign governments into a private arbitration system. Arbitrators are chosen from an inbred cadre of international-trade lawyers and economists. They preside over an opaque process that skirts due-process requirements applied by courts, and can order governments to pay companies for investment losses.
All the while, workers, unions, consumers, communities, and other stakeholders who might be protected by new government regulations are shut out of the process. This is what's missing in the investor-state system: the ability of civil-society stakeholders affected by a corporation's unfair treatment to seek redress.
The TPP and other trade agreements don't let victims hold investors accountable for wrongdoing. Instead, they must turn to their governments to take up claims of human rights, labor, and environmental violations. But their government can only target violations by another government, not corporate misconduct. What about a good-for-the-goose, good-for-the-gander alternative? Call it community-investor dispute resolution.
Governments have shown little appetite for confronting one another under social chapters in trade agreements. They prefer seemingly endless rounds of dialogue, consultation, conferences, outreach, benchmarking, and other forms of talk therapy. That's been the experience after more than 20 years of labor and environmental accords in 20 trade agreements the United States has signed. Out of dozens of complaints filed by unions and civil-society groups, only one—against labor-rights violations by Guatemala—has ever reached a stage of final resolution and potential sanctions. And it took more than seven years to reach that point; the case is still pending, even though it was first filed in 2008.
Critics conclude that ISDS is fatally flawed, another ground among many for rejecting the trans-Pacific accord altogether. But what about a good-for-the-goose, good-for-the-gander alternative: open up investor-state-style mechanisms for workers, unions, consumers, and communities to sue companies for abusive behavior. Call it community-investor dispute resolution, or CIDS.
A genuinely transparent and fair arbitration system has its merits. The rule of law is shaky in many US trading partners. Among TPP countries, Brunei is a sultanate, Malaysia is a shaky democracy, Vietnam is a one-party state, Peru struggles with authoritarian legacies of the Fujimori regime. Mexico is ranked number 79 in the World Justice Project's Rule of Law index—below those others, below China, and below Burkina Faso.
Truth be told, some state courts in the United States are not rule-of-law paragons, either. Judges are elected in many of them, and depend on campaign contributions from state-based businesses that might seek rulings against foreign competitors. In any country, a quick, efficient, and genuinely neutral arbitration system might be preferable to dragged-out litigation in a shaky court system.
But the TPP sets the bar too low, tempting companies to take a shot at government regulatory moves. A national, state, or local measure should be susceptible to investor challenge only when it is demonstrably intended to discriminate against a particular company. A public-policy decision meant for general application regardless of the identity of the affected investor should be shielded from corporate attack. Under this standard, for example, TransCanada could not challenge the Keystone XL decision, because it was not based on animus against TransCanada. It would affect any firm—TransCanada, ABC Energy, or XYZ Energy.
The TPP's investor-state chapter does have new language opening up the arbitration process to public disclosure and public participation, including amicus briefs from civil society groups. But that's not enough. Unions and NGOs still can't be parties to arbitration with a shot at remedies when they are victimized.
Consider instead creating an innovative alternative system to enforce trade agreements' labor, environmental, and consumer-protection provisions. Let the same door open to investors wronged by governments swing open for workers and communities harmed by investors. Give civil-society forces the power to bring multinational corporations before a neutral arbitral panel to seek damages for violations of labor rights, environmental standards, consumer protections, and human rights that relevant chapters of the trade agreement purport to guarantee and protect. And to be credible, an arbitration panel in a CIDS proceeding should be drawn from experts in these social fields, not trade lawyers and economists.
Letting workers and communities bring claims against investors under social chapters of trade agreements is even more important in light of recent US Supreme Court decisions blocking other avenues of redress. Most important, for the past 30 years, victims of labor and human-rights abuses could file civil lawsuits against multinational firms under the Alien Tort Claims Act. Now that remedial road is closing.
Advocates resurrected the two-century-old ATCA first in the landmark 1980 Filártiga case, brought by the family of a youth tortured and killed by an ex–police chief from Paraguay who had moved to Brooklyn. Upholding the claim, the federal appeals court famously declared, “The torturer has become—like the pirate and slave trader before him—hostis humani generis, an enemy of all humankind.”
The ATCA allowed federal courts to hear claims on behalf of foreign plaintiffs against defendants within the court's jurisdiction for violations of international law—a unique forum for global human-rights advocacy. In 2005, victims of forced labor in Burma won a multimillion-dollar settlement from Unocal, a US energy company that partnered with the Burmese military dictatorship in a gas pipeline project. Other plaintiffs launched dozens of tort lawsuits under the same legal rubric.
But an increasingly pro-corporate Supreme Court has gradually closed the door on such suits, most recently in its 2012 Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum ruling. Plaintiffs claimed that the company aided and abetted atrocities committed by Nigerian military and police forces against villagers living near its oil-producing facilities. The Court dismissed the case, saying that abuse in a foreign country could not be reached by US law.
Allowing victimized workers and communities to use dispute-settlement mechanisms in trade agreements provides some measure of re-balance in the wake of Kiobel. Nothing prevents the United States from going back to its TPP partners to negotiate a supplemental protocol creating a CIDS system to address all stakeholders' concerns, not just the special interests of investors. A presidential candidate can make that commitment right now, and make it a condition of going forward on the overall trade pact, just as Bill Clinton in 1992 said they wouldn't proceed with NAFTA without supplemental agreements on labor and the environment. This doesn't require a reopening of TPP negotiations. It means adding a feature that can make the TPP worth considering—or without it, a reason for Congress to vote No on TPP.
Dick Cheney left little on the table during a taped interview Fox News Sunday, accusing the Obama White House pursuing an "intensely partisan" investigation into the use of torture under the Bush administration.
Calling the "enhanced interrogation techniques" used on terrorist suspects "absolutely essential," the former vice president deemed any decision to launch an probe into the possible illegal use of these EITs an "outrageous political act" and a "direct slap at the CIA."
"We had a track record now of eight years of defending the nation against any further mass casualty attacks from al Qaeda. The approach of the Obama administration should be to come to those people who were involved in that policy and say, 'How did you do it? What were the keys to keeping this country safe over that period of time?'" Cheney said.
"Instead, they're out there now threatening to disbar the lawyers who gave us the legal opinions -- threatening contrary to what the president originally said. They're going to go out and investigate the CIA personnel who carried out those investigations."
Saying the move to launch an investigation "offends the hell out of me," Cheney accused Obama of succumbing to the political pressure of their progressive base.
"We had a president of the United States, President Obama, tell us a few months ago there wouldn't be an investigation," said Cheney. "Now, they get a little heat from the left wing of the Democratic Party and they are reversing course on that."
Asked to respond to this charge in the past, the Obama White House has noted that, unlike the Bush administration, it does not put political pressure on the Department of Justice. The decision to pursue an investigation into the authorization of torture -- which will be preliminary in nature and narrow in scope -- was made by Attorney General Eric Holder alone.
"The president is the chief law enforcement officer in the administration," Cheney said. "He is now saying, well, this isn't anything he's got to do with. He's up vacationing in Martha's Vineyard and their attorney general is going back and doing something the president said some months ago they wouldn't do."
In the interview with Fox News Sunday, which was taped on Friday, Cheney insisted that newly released documents from the CIA proved that the use of torture on terrorist suspects were instrumental in preventing future attacks (a claim that the documents actually say is difficult to make).
The former vice president largely skirted questions about what should be done with those CIA officers who clearly went over the legal boundaries in their use of EITs. They did, however, gleefully take swipes at Obama and the Democratic Party, calling them soft on national security.
"I have serious doubts about their policies," Cheney said, "serious doubts about the extent to which they understand and is prepared to do what needs to be done to defend the nation."
WATCH:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jim Muir in Tahrir Square: "I'm in the middle of a pitched battle"
The battle to keep control of Tahrir Square, in the heart of Cairo, has taken on a symbolic importance for protesters calling on President Hosni Mubarak to step down.
Injured and exhausted from clashes with thousands of government supporters, they say they are more determined than ever to hold their ground.
"We have been through hell," says Ahmed Zain. "They started throwing stones, and before dawn they were shooting at us. I swear to God we could not sleep until six in the morning and then we fell down unconscious."
"Mubarak should know we will never leave this place. After they tried to take our blood, we will never leave".
The mood has changed significantly from the carnival atmosphere earlier in the week. There are now mainly men in the square, not families.
In the grassy centre of the square, there are small rallies going on, the protesters chanting anti-Mubarak slogans.
Here, tea is served, people take a quick wash using bottles of water, and volunteers are cleaning up.
We have seen people by the hundreds at least - we treat whoever we find because we are all Egyptians Dr Murad Mohsen
But the road leading north, past the pink neo-classical facade of the Egyptian Museum looks like a battleground.
Metal barricades have been erected and are being reinforced with sacks of stones.
Human chains
The army now occupies a buffer zone close to 6 October bridge, just beyond the museum, and tries to keep back a pro-Mubarak group throwing stones. I see one soldier hit in the eye.
While the military is trying to keep order, the soldiers do not have the correct equipment or sufficient numbers on the ground.
Tanks remain parked at all the entrances to the square.
Anyone who enters needs to be checked by soldiers. They then pass through human chains of demonstrators who apologetically inspect bags and identity cards.
"There are many police officers outside the square who are wearing plain clothes, but they have knives and weapons," says Mohamed. "They are trying to come here. There are others paid by Mubarak's party."
The interior ministry's official denial that it was behind attacks on the protesters and the new prime minister's televised apology are rejected outright here.
People believe the assault was the police state fighting back using familiar dirty tactics.
Many now wear bandages on wounds they have sustained in fighting.
Makeshift clinics continue to operate at the northern edge of the square, near the museum. Volunteer doctors treat cuts, burns and broken bones.
"We have seen people by the hundreds at least. We treat whoever we find because we are all Egyptians," says Dr Murad Mohsen.
Hopes that this could remain a peaceful uprising now look unrealistic, but one woman said they were prepared to pay the cost.
"This is a revolution. I want to play a part in the revolution. We are still so proud of it and I want to be part of it. I know every revolution has a price and we will pay the price."
Thousands of massive wind turbines are popping up all over the world. Often taller than the Statue of Liberty, their stature makes the blades difficult to inspect. The answer? Send in the drones.
This month, unmanned aerial vehicles will fly over orchards and farmland in Mason County, Michigan to inspect three towering turbines in the Lake Winds Energy Park, owned by Consumers Energy, a public utility. Equipped with cameras and sensors, they'll do what's often done by workers in helicopters or on ropes.
Drones, long used by the U.S. military to drop missiles on targets, are increasingly eyed for other uses. Hollywood is using them to film movies, and Amazon wants them to deliver packages. Now, they're poised for takeoff in the energy industry. Oil and gas companies as well as utilities are testing them to inspect pipelines, power lines, wind turbines, and solar farms.
“The opportunities are in the billions -- with a B,” says Maryanna Saenko, author of a 2015 Lux Research report on the technology. In the wind industry alone, a new Navigant Research forecast says, drone sales and services could hit $1.6 billion annually and $6 billion cumulatively by 2024.
“Drones provide access to hard-to-get-to locations,” such as remote roads or mountain canyons, says William Semke, director of the University of North Dakota's unmanned aircraft systems engineering lab. At the same time, they say they—like birds—pose a small risk to low-flying aircraft.
So drones, just starting out in the energy industry, face obstacles. To avoid collisions, countries limit their use. The drone industry will have to prove its vehicles can do business accurately and safely.
U.S. Skies Open Up to Drones
They're getting their chance. In 2014, after years of forbidding commercial drones, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration began granting waivers—typically allowing use within 200 feet of the ground. It's since approved more than 1,400 waivers for two dozen industries including energy. In February, it proposed a rule on drone use but did not set a deadline for finalizing it.
The oil industry jumped in quickly. Last year, energy giant BP obtained FAA's first waiver for commercial drone use over land and began tests at its Prudhoe Bay oilfield in Alaska. It's using a 13-pound, fixed-winged vehicle equipped with LiDAR (light detection and ranging) equipment and remote sensors to collect 3-D images.
“This is a breakthrough for BP,” Curt Smith, its chief technology officer says in a video, describing how drones improve field operations at less cost and risk. Floods and ice floes make make other monitoring methods difficult, BP says on its website. The drones, made by California-based AeroVironment, enable workers to drive gravel roads in poor visibility and scan pipelines to identify frost-damaged areas that need repair.
Shell*, too, is trying out unmanned aircraft. At the Ormen Lange gas plant in Norway, it's used them to inspect flare stacks, which burn off flammable gas. This used to be a “hazardous and lengthy job,” it says, requiring engineers to rappel down the 70-meter tall tower and close the plant for nearly two weeks. Now, they do it in a few hours and keep the plant open.
The Netherlands-based company sees other benefits. It says inspecting facilities while they're still running enables infrared cameras to obtain live heat images from equipment. “Easier access to otherwise tricky-to-see areas,” it says, “also means we can do inspections more often.”
In December, Oregon-based VDOS Global LLC received an FAA waiver to use drones to inspect flare stacks at 14 of Shell's offshore oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. Citing 3,500-plus potential sites in the Gulf alone, VDOS says it expects “significant” industry demand to use drones to detect faults, corrosion, and other signs of deterioration.
View Images Aeryon Labs, a Canadian company, makes the Skyranger, a small unmanned aircraft for military and commercial use. Photograph by Brian Whiteside
Helping to Keep the Power On?
U.S.-based utilities, buoyed by FAA waivers this year, also have begun testing. They include Dominion Virginia Power and Minneapolis-based Xcel Energy.
Pull Quote It can get right up next to the blade. Andrew Bordine
Duke Energy is trying out an AeroVironment vehicle at a power plant with a solar array in Catawba County, N.C. It wants to see if the drone can detect heat coming off an array, which would indicate the panel is not working.
“The technology is still pretty new,” says Randy Wheeless, Duke spokesperson. “We're many months, or even years, away from an official drone program,” they say, adding Duke wants to ensure drones live up to their hype and are worth the investment. Also, they say the FAA waiver is limiting, because some transmission towers are too tall for drone inspections.
In Lithonia, Georgia, Southern Company is testing drones to see how well they inspect power lines at its Klondike Training Facility. Its officials say the company plans to use drones for routine operations by the of 2015.
Southern Tests Drones
Also by year's end, Consumers Energy plans to wrap up its drone testing and analysis. It began inspections of power lines this summer at seven sites in Michigan, aiming for a quick way to pinpoint storm damage and restore power. It sees drones as a quieter, eco-friendlier way to inspect high-voltage lines, currently done twice a year by helicopters. It's expanding tests to six wind turbines, three at each of its two wind parks.
A drone "can get right up next to the blade,” taking 3-D pictures that show if there are dents or holes, says Andrew Bordine, the utility's director of customer management and grid infrastructure. “It could be a big cost-saver,” they say, noting current inspections—in which workers hang off the blades by ropes—are dangerous and cost $10,000 each.
“There's a lot of interest” in drone monitoring of turbines, says Jesse Broehl, senior research analyst at Navigant Research, noting the quality of the 3-D imaging. They say about 268,550 wind turbines were installed globally by the beginning of this year, and each of their 805,000 blades need to be inspected at least once a year.
They say drones currently inspect fewer than 2 percent of wind turbines, but they expect demand for them will soar as more turbines near the end of their warranty periods, typically three to five years.
Obstacles Cloud Potential Boom
Yet safety concerns linger. The National Agricultural Aviation Association says drones present a hazard to pilots of crop dusters and other low-flying craft similar to that presented by birds. It wants drones to be better equipped to avoid collision—a view shared by the Air Line Pilots Association International, a labor union.
Indeed, incidents with “unmanned aircraft systems” have occurred in the U.S. The Department of Transportation is getting reports of more than 60 incidents a month, sometimes involving pilots who had to change course to avoid collisions.
Unmanned aircraft "present new safety challenges for FAA,” Matthew Hampton, assistant inspector generator of the U.S. Department of Transportation, wrote in an August 2015 memo.
Pull Quote The biggest challenge is not having a regulatory framework in place. Tom McMahon
Such incidents have prompted some countries, including India and Japan, to crack down on drone use, says Steve Gitlin, vice president of marketing for AeroVironment. They say the public rarely differentiates between sophisticated, commercial drones and the cheap popular ones, which they call “flying selfie sticks.”
“The biggest challenge is not having a regulatory framework in place,” says Tom McMahon of the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, a trade group. They say the lack of a final U.S. policy is limiting drone demand.
Saenko, the Lux Research analyst, says some countries like Canada, Switzerland, and New Zealand have more open policies toward drones, and efforts are underway to create a European Union-wide regulation by 2020.
The U.S. might not finalize its own rule for several years, but Saenko says it's now on a “clearer track,” citing the plethora of FAA waivers this year and a White House executive order in February in support of responsible drone use.
The result? They say only about 5 percent of oil and gas operations now use drones, but in five years, they expect to see them on just about every oil rig.
*Shell is sponsor of National Geographic's Great Energy Challenge initiative, which explores energy issues. National Geographic maintains autonomy over content. For more, visit The Great Energy Challenge.
Phil Davis will fight in hostile territory one more time.
The American light heavyweight, who earned their last win fighting Lyoto Machida in Rio de Janeiro, will travel to the city on Oct. 25 to face Glover Teixeira at the UFC 179 pay-per-view card at the Maracanazinho gymnasium.
"My manager called me yesterday confirming the fight to Maracanazinho," Teixeira broke the news to PVT on Friday. "It's going to be awesome to fight in Brazil again, in Rio de Janeiro. I'm really happy, training a lot.
"Fighting Phil Davis is going to be really good," they added. "He's popular in Brazil because they already fought and defeated some Brazilians. Now it's time to prove myself and start to climb the ladder again. I will train hard and fight hard. I want to fight for the title again next year."
Teixeira confirmed the news to MMAFighting.com, but said they don't know yet if they will fight in the co-main event.
Davis (12-2, 1 no-contest) looks to get back on track after a dominant loss to Anthony Johnson at UFC 172. Prior to that bout, "Mr. Wonderful" defeated a trio of Brazilians in Wagner Prado, Vinny Magalhaes and Machida.
Teixeira (22-3) also hasn't competed since April 26, when they suffered a unanimous decision loss to UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones. The longtime MMA veteran is 5-1 under the UFC banner with wins over the likes of "Rampage" Jackson and Ryan Bader.
UFC 179 will be headlined by a championship bout between featherweight champion Jose Aldo and Team Alpha Male's Chad Mendes.
The likelihood of seeing quantum systems violating the second law of thermodynamics has been calculated by UCL scientists.
In two papers, published in this week's issue of Physical Review X and funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, the team determined a more precise version of a basic law of physics - which says that disorder tends to increase with time unless acted on by an outside force - and applied it to the smallest quantum systems.
"The vast majority of the time, the second law of thermodynamics is obeyed. It says that a cup of hot coffee in a cold room will cool down rather than heat up, and a collection of coins all initially heads up will likely produce a mixture of heads and tails when given a shake. In fact, it is thanks to the second law of thermodynamics that we instantly recognise when we are watching a movie backwards," explained PhD student Alvaro M. Alhambra (UCL Physics & Astronomy).
The team say that situations which break the second law of thermodynamics are not ruled out in principle, but are rare.
"We wanted to find out by how much disorder increases, and if disorder sometimes decrease with some probability. These questions become important for small quantum systems where violations of the second law can happen with a significant probability," added co-author Professor Jonathan Oppenheim (UCL Physics & Astronomy).
The team, which also included Dr Christopher Perry (previously at UCL and now a researcher at the University of Copenhagen), revealed how the second law of thermodynamics functions when applied to the smallest scales of the microscopic world and the calculated the maximum probability of observing a violation.
Dr Lluis Masanes (UCL Physics & Astronomy), said: "The probability of the law being violated is virtually zero for large objects like cups of tea, but for small quantum objects, it can play a significant role. We wanted to determine the probability of violations occurring, and wanted to prove a more precise version of the second law of thermodynamics."
The second law is usually expressed as an inequality e.g., the amount of energy flowing from the cup to the air has to be larger than zero. However, it can also be expressed as an equality instead, saying precisely how much energy flows from the air to the cup and with what probabilities. This equality version of the second law can be proven for the most general process allowed by the laws of quantum mechanics.
In addition, this new formulation of the second law contains a very large amount of information, dramatically constraining the probability and size of fluctuations of work and heat and, tells us that the particular fluctuations that break the second law only occur with exponentially low probability.
These findings are critical to nanoscale devices, and the rapidly developing field of quantum technologies.
Explore further: Quantum engines must break down
A number of people sent me queries concerning the correct opinion on praying salat al-janazah in absentia (on a person who is not present). The question was obviously relevant since people all over the world prayed salat al-janazah for Shaykh ibn Baz rahimahullah.
Before I briefly answer the question, I would like to mention the fact that this occurrence (that so many millions of people prayed over Shaykh ibn Baz) is in and of itself an indication inshallah of the status and sincerity of the Shaykh. As some of the salaf said, "The criterion between the person of sunnah and the person of bid'ah is the janazah"; meaning that Allah azawajal blesses the scholar of the sunnah to have many people pray for their forgiveness. The janazah of Imam Ahmad was attended by more than a hundred thousand people, according to some reports, and for that time and age that is an astounding figure.
In the janazah prayer of Shaykh ibn Baz, it was estimated that over a million people were present in the Haram, and over fifty-thousand accompanied the bier to the grave. Also, all over the Kingdom, by royal decree, every single masjid prayed the salat on the shaykh after salat al-jumu'ah. I attended the prayer in the Prophet's masjid, where Shaykh al-Qasimi (the grandson of the one who compiled Majmu' al-Fatawa) gave a short but eloquent khutbah, in which they praised knowledge, and the people of knowledge, and mentioned Shaykh ibn Baz, and their qualities, and the loss that this was to the 'ummah. People were openly crying ...
One point that the Shaykh did mention, however, and I felt that this was a very important point, is that people should not despair, for there will always be good in the 'ummah as long as there are scholars and students of knowledge. They also emphasized the fact that the death of Shaykh ibn Baz should cause all of us to ponder over the status of knowledge in our lives, and how important it is that all of us - each and every one of us - must do their best to try to fill the large vacuum that is left.
The point that I was trying to make was that I believe this is the first time in history where so many people have prayed over a single person - literally millions and millions of people worldwide. This not to mention the fact that people of all statuses, kings (King Fahd and the royal princes all came to Makkah to pray), dignitaries of all nationalities, scholars (Shaykh Uthaymin, Shaykh Subayil, ... even Qardawi came to Makkah) and average people, the vast majority of whom had not even met the shaykh ... yet their hearts will fill with love for him, and great sadness at their death ...
This is something that can only come through the blessings of Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala, no amount of publicity, or writing, or speeches, or fatawa, can make a person achieve such a status. The only way this comes about (and this was something that Shaykh al-Qasimi mentioned) is when a person sticks to the sunnah, and increases their sincerity to Allah, and makes their da'wah, to Allah, for Allah, and by the commandments of Allah. Then, and only then, will their da'wah be blessed, and the people will accept him, and love them ...
Verily, the death of Shaykh ibn Baz is something that causes the hearts to melt, and the eyes to cry, and the souls to despair ... but to Allah we belong, and to Him we will return. We pray that Allah blesses us with more scholars, and helps us all to increase in knowledge. Amin.
Concerning the fiqhi question that was posed, briefly, there are two opinions on the issue. Before mentioning them, it is relevant to mention that the only occurrence in the sunnah of salat al-janazah in absentia is when the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed for Najashi, the ruler of Abyssinia, the same day that they died. This incident is reported in Bukhari and Muslim.
The first opinion is the Hanafi and Maliki opinion, and is that it is not permissible to pray over a person who is not present.
Ibn Abidin states in their famous Hashyiyah (v. 3, p. 99), "And of the conditions of the janazah salat ... is that the body be placed in front of the Imam ... so it is not permissible upon one who is absent (ghay'ib). As for the Prophet's prayer upon Najashi, then it is interpreted that ... this was a specialty only allowed for them (khususiyyah) ... another proof for this is that many of the Companions died during their lifetime, but it is not reported that they prayed for any of them."
Al-Khalili says in their Matn (v. 3, p. 71 of al-Mawahib al-Jalil), "And it is not permissible to pray for ... one who is absent (gha'ib)."
The second opinion is the Dhahiri, Hanbali and the Shafi'i opinion. They hold that it is allowed to pray over a person in absentia, and claim that the prayer of the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam over Najashi was not a speciality only for him.
Imam an-Nawawi states in their Rawdat at-Talibin (v. 2, p. 130), "And it is permissible to perform the salat in absentia."
Ibn Hazm states in their al-Muhallah (v. 5, p. 138), "And a dead Muslim is prayed over even in absentia."
The Hanbali madhhab, however, adds a condition. Ibn Qudamah says in their Mughni (v. 4. p. 446), "And it is permissible to pray the salat in absentia ... up to one month of the person's death."
The reason for this difference of opinion is whether the prayer of the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam over Najashi was something that was special for them or not? Those that claim that it was, say that Allah caused the earth to 'swallow up', and so the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam could see Najashi in front of him. However, this is not authentically narrated in any hadith, so it cannot be accepted. Also, as it is well known in the science of 'usul ul-fiqh, to claim that something is special for the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam requires evidence and clear proof, and in this case there is none.
So between these two opinions, the stronger one without any doubt is the second one, i.e., that it is allowed to pray the janazah prayer in absentia.
However, the scholars who allowed this type of prayer themselves differed over the conditions concerning when this was allowed. There are three opinions that I have come across (if anyone comes across any more, please forward them to me).
The majority of them, and this is what the Hanbali and Shafi'i madhahib are upon, is that there is no condition whatsoever. So, even if a person has been prayed over, it is still allowed to pray for them in another country. This is also the opinion of ash-Shawkani (Nayl al-Awtar, v. 4, p. 63).
Some scholars, amongst them Shaykh ibn Baz himself, and the opinion of the Hay'at Kibar al-Ulama of the Kingdom, stated that this was to be done only when the person that died was of a high status, and had aided Islam, such as a just king, or a scholar (see Fatawa al-Lajnah ad-Da'imah, v. 8, p. 418, Fatwa # 5394).
Shaykh Uthaymin says of this opinion, "This is a middle opinion (between the two extreme opinions) which many modern and past scholars have chosen." [Sharh al-Mumti, v. 5, p. 438]
The last opinion is that of Shaykh ul-Islam ibn Taymiyyah and others, who stated that this was only to be done when a person died without having a janazah performed on him. So, for example, when a person dies in a non-Muslim country, and there are no Muslims to pray for him, then in this case the salat should be performed for him.
Now, the reason for the difference of opinion concerning these conditions is: What was the reason ('illah) due to which the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed for Najashi?
Was it to show that it was permissible (which is what the first group says), and thus allowed for everyone?
Was it due to the fact that Najashi was an important person (the second group)?
Or, was it due to the fact that they were the only Muslim in the country, and none of the people prayed for them (the third group)?
In my humble opinion, the first opinion is the weakest. This is because it is well-known that many of the Companions died outside of Madinah during the lifetime of the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam, but they did not pray for any of them (to be more accurate, there are no authentic reports that they prayed for other Companions. There are some weak reports that they prayed for some Companions that died outside of Madinah, cf. Nayl al-Awtar, v. 3, p. 62). Had it been something encouraged, the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam would not have left it for no reason, especially since they were so eager to pray for their Companions. They said concerning the old, black woman that used to clean the masjid and whom the Companions buried at night without telling him, "Why did you not inform me? For verily my salat upon them is a mercy ... " and they went to their grave and prayed over them So, this shows that they would not have left the janazah prayer upon such Companions for no reason.
Therefore, it seems as if one of the last two opinions is the correct one. Both of these opinions have very good reasons ('illah) for them.
It can be said that the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed for Najashi because of their status, and to show that a person who has helped Islam (since Najashi sheltered the Muslims who emigrated to their country) should be given the honour of having janazah performed on them in absentia.
It can also be stated that since Najashi was the only Muslim, and no one prayed for him, the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed for him.
In my humble opinion, between these two opinions it cannot be stated with one-hundred percent certainty which of the two is correct. This is because it is a matter of 'ijtihad what the exact reason behind the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam praying janazah over Najashi was. Also, Ibn Qudamah brings a very good point. They state (al-Mughni, v. 3, p. 336), " ... they (the 'other side') state that since no-one prayed over Najashi (this was why the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed over him) ... but this is very improbable, for Najashi was the King of the Abyssinians, and they accepted Islam and openly proclaimed it, so it seems very improbable that no-one would have followed them (in accepting Islam), and (therefore) not pray over him."
In other words, what is the evidence that no one prayed over Najashi? There are no reports to the contrary (i.e., that no one prayed over him). Also, as Ibn Qudamah points out, it does seem unrealistic that Najashi, who was so loved by their people, and who openly accepted Islam and helped the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam, would not have succeeded in converting some of their people, and thus there would have been some Muslims to pray over him. So, based on these facts, perhaps the second opinion (that it should be prayed over a person of status) is more realistic.
On the other hand, it could be argued that no mention is made of these Abyssinian converts (if they ever existed), and also there are no reports in the books of Islamic history concerning these people, and what happened to them or their progeny. Therefore, if no mention is made of them, then there is no evidence to suggest that they exist, and anyone who claims that they did must bring forth their proof! So, in light of this reason, the third opinion (that it should only be prayed over a person for whom janazah has not been prayed) seems to be more realistic!
So, which of the two opinions is correct? Like I stated earlier, it really seems difficult to defend one over the other. (Therefore, I would advise the brothers, even if they follow another opinion, not to cause a fitnah when some people do pray salat al-janazah over a famous person, as long as that person was one who helped Islam).
However, perhaps the second opinion has some slight weight over the third one (please note the emphasis!).
On what basis, though? Well, both sides put forth a statement that they use to justify their opinion.
The second group (those that say the 'person of status' condition) states: Najashi was a just Muslim ruler, who aided and helped the Muslims, and therefore the Prophet sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam prayed for him.
The third group states: Najashi was the only Muslim in their country, and was not prayed over.
Now, it could be stated: The statement of the second group is an indisputable fact. All the books of history mention this. The statement of the third group, however, is not fact, and is based on circumstantial evidence. Nowhere does it state that no one accepted Islam, or that Najashi was not prayed over. These are only presumptions. and no evidence can be brought forth to support it.
Therefore, since the second group is basing their opinion on an indisputable fact, whereas the third one is basing it on disputable opinion, perhaps the second group has some slight advantage in the opinion that they hold, and therefore it is allowed, even encouraged, to pray over someone who helped and aided Islam, whether the body is in front of the group, or in absentia.
And Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala knows best.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Back in December, director Bryan Singer revealed that even though they had shot a sequence for the upcoming X-Men: Days of Future Past, Anna Paquin's Rogue had been cut out of the film. The very keen eyes at BuzzFeed however, noticed their name was still present in the credits of the final trailer for the film, and have confirmed with Fox that Paquin will in fact appear in the film in what is described as "essentially, a cameo." So keep your eyes peeled this May for Rogue's appearance in the film.
Hitting theaters on May 23, 2014, the anticipated film also stars Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Hugh Jackman, Michael Fassbender, James McAvoy, Jennifer Lawrence, Halle Berry, Nicholas Hoult, Ellen Page, Shawn Ashmore, Peter Dinklage, Omar Sy, Daniel Cudmore, Fan Bingbing, Boo Boo Stewart, Adan Canto, Evan Peters, Josh Helman and Lucas Till.
The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods in X-Men: Days of Future Past. The beloved characters from the original “X-Men” film trilogy join forces with their younger selves from X-Men: First Class, in an epic battle that must change the past – to save our future.
In Cairo, as in places all over the country, all eyes are fixed on the drama that is unfolding in Tunisia. Jack Shenker travelled across Egypt and heard people increasingly asking: could it happen here, and if so, when?
News of the latest act of self-immolation in Egypt reached Waleed Shamad while they were sitting in the bourse, a dense warren of outdoor shisha cafes tucked away in the back alleys surrounding Cairo's old stock exchange.
An unemployed man had set themselves alight in the middle of a busy street – the 12th such incident last week. According to a TV newsreader, the man, 35, had moved to the capital in the hope of finding work and saving enough to buy a home and get married, but lack of job opportunities had driven them to despair. "That could be a description of any of us," said Waleed, pulling their scarf tighter against the cold. "These human blazes are coming so fast, it's hard to keep track."
Cairo is a city built for sunny days and balmy nights; come winter the wind can lash with a ferocious bite. But that has not stopped Shamad and their friends gathering for their late-evening tea on the pavement to talk through the day's gossip: the Friday sermons devoted to Islam's disapproval of suicide, new government restrictions on buying bottled petrol, and, of course, all the latest from Tunis – where developments have kept the group glued to al-Jazeera TV for days.
"We couldn't believe our eyes," grinned Shamad, recalling the sight of Tunisia's ousted despot, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, fleeing a land they had ruled for 23 years. "I'm so proud of the Tunisian people. When you see a friend or brother succeeding in some great struggle, it gives you hope, hope for yourself and hope for your country."
In common with two-thirds of Egypt's population, Shamad has lived their entire life under the presidency of Hosni Mubarak, a key western ally whose three-decade grip over one of the most pivotal states in the Arab world has looked marginally more shaky following the events in Tunisia.
At 27, Shamad – university-educated, getting by on scraps of informal work and still living at home with their parents – is part of a demographic bulge that accounts for 90% of the country's unemployed, and whose simmering frustration, according to some analysts, could tip Egypt towards its own intifada – and unknown consequences for the rest of the Middle East. "Not having a regular job affects every aspect of your life practically and psychologically; almost everybody I know of my age is still unmarried and dependent on their families – it makes you feel hopeless," they said.
Last year's UN human development report for Egypt said many of the nation's young people were trapped in "waithood", defined as a prolonged period "during which they simply wait for their lives to begin". "It's not as if we want to sit here passively and accept the situation," Shamad said. "But the instinct of our generation is to avoid the state, not confront it. I know that there are big demonstrations planned for next Tuesday, but we're taught from birth to be fearful of the police. They know how to hurt you, and hurt the ones you love."
Tuesday's demonstrations will take the form of a nationwide set of anti-Mubarak protests, dubbed "revolution day" by opposition activists who hope that Tunisia's uprising will embolden the vast number of individuals like Shamad and persuade them that the time is right to make their voices heard.
"In every neighbourhood in the country there is a pressure point which the government is afraid of and which will be brought to the surface on Tuesday," said Ahmed al-Gheity, 23, a doctor and one of the regional organisers of "revolution day". On the event's Facebook page, tens of thousands of supporters have posted comments suggesting Ben Ali's departure could be the precursor for Mubarak's downfall. "If Tunisia can do it, why can't we?" read one. "We will either start living or start dying on 25 January."
Weary of the formal political arena, where even superficial opposition parties now find themselves blocked off from legitimate avenues of dissent (last November's blatantly rigged parliamentary ballot delivered a 93% majority to supporters of the ruling NDP), urban young Egyptians are instead carving out their own spaces in which alternative voices can be heard. If all 75,000 of those who have made an online promise to attend turn up on Tuesday, it will represent an organisational triumph. But such an outcome appears unlikely.
"At the informal level – blogs, social media – there's been an explosion of political activity, entirely disconnected from the official mechanisms of government," said Amr Hamzawy, research director at the Carnegie Middle East Centre in Beirut. Yet this dynamism has largely failed to spill on to the street, where Mubarak's ubiquitous security apparatus still maintains near-total control. The only sector of society that has succeeded in physically occupying areas controlled by the state is Egypt's beleaguered workforce, which has confronted the regime over a range of economic grievances and succeeded in extracting concessions.
"This is where the regime is most fearful," said Gamila Ismail, a dissident politician who unsuccessfully challenged the NDP in the recent elections. "They don't want the young, online activists with their political demands linking up and inspiring the labour force who are campaigning for a better standard of living. If youth in Cairo and Alexandria are connecting with Mahalla, then the government knows it is in trouble."
Sixty miles north of the capital, the textile town of El Mahalla el-Kubra has been the militant spearhead of an unprecedented wave of strikes and sit-ins sweeping Egypt over the last five years. In April 2008 a walkout by factory workers led to three people being shot dead by police.
The road to Mahalla passes through Cairo's urban hinterlands, which bleed messily into the Nile delta and surrounding desert – here the high walls of fast-proliferating gated communities for the rich look down on the redbrick clusters of ashwa'iyat, informal slum areas that are now home to 60% of the city's population. This is a clear window on to the hallmark of Mubarak's reign – a colossal appropriation of land and capital by the political and business elite.
Young residents of the private compounds live in a parallel universe from their slum counterparts, but both share a basic detachment from campaigns for political change of the sort planned for Tuesday. "Of course, we are all excited about Tunisia; the people there threw off their shackles and I pray we could do the same," said Mahmoud Abdel Halim, 29, a construction worker. "But I don't see how we could repeat Tunisia here. I haven't heard about any protests, and even if I had it's not like I can afford to stop work and go and get arrested."
Off Mahalla's main square, however, the picture was different. Last Friday a group of young people from across the delta was carefully preparing a series of Tunisian flags, pinning each to a short wooden pole. Others sketched out placards expressing Egypt's solidarity with Tunisia and condemning government corruption, police torture and poverty. When about 50 of them took to the streets in the late afternoon, handing out pamphlets advertising the protests on Tuesday, they were met with a bemused but generally positive response.
"I've never been on anything like this before, although my brother's friend was attacked by police back in April 2008," said one 26-year-old motorcyclist. "Circumstances have got pretty bad now, and I think changing the big sharks at the top is probably the only way we can make things better. I'll try and make it."
Back in their fifth-floor offices afterwards, the activists whooped and high-fived each other. "Yes, it was very small, but it showed that other young people are receptive to our energy," beamed Yasmeen Hamdy El-Fakharany. "I think 25 January will be a great success."
Not everyone agrees. Another 70 miles north-west, in a wood-panelled Alexandrian coffee shop facing the Mediterranean, Hossam al-Wakeel shook their head angrily at the suggestion that their own organisation, the Muslim Brotherhood, was betraying the anti-Mubarak movement by refusing to participate in Tuesday's "revolution day".
"Will those coming out on Tuesday bring down the regime? I think not," said al-Wakeel, 23, a journalist. "The Muslim Brotherhood believes that change must come from below, that we must rebuild society layer by layer as part of a gradual process, not chase revolution and impose new leaders from the top." Earnest, cardigan-clad and sporting a trim black beard, Wakeel explained why they had thrown in their lot with the only opposition movement that has the capacity to bring hundreds of thousands on to the streets – and yet persistently refuses to do so.
Their vision of change in Egypt is far removed from that of the Tunisian-flag-waving activists in Mahalla. Yet both share a commitment to direct confrontation with the Mubarak regime, something which Cairo's Shamad – despite their deep anger – still considers too risky. Young inhabitants of the ashwa'iyat and their gated neighbours also feel severed from any process of political reform, although, if a spark were to set off a mass mobilisation in the streets, there can be little doubt many would quickly join in.
It seems doubtful that protests on Tuesday will provide that spark, although anything could transpire on the day. But when the spark does come, there can be no doubt the country's angry youth will be leading the way.
Save up on a rainy day
Chair of the Work and Pensions Select Committee, Frank Field MP, a cross-party group of MPs charged with holding the government to account on welfare and social security issues, has described new evidence on the impact of Universal Credit as the “most damning” they have ever read.
The Labour MP says evidence submitted to the Committee by the Halton Housing Trust shows how the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is mishandling the roll-out of the Government's flagship welfare reform.
The Trust has accumulated over £400,000 of arrears as a direct result of the roll-out of Full Service Universal Credit, meaning just 18% of its tenants now owe 55% of all its arrears, resulting in a doubling in the number of people referred by the Trust to food banks over the last 12 months.
The Trust says Universal Credit claimants are often “miscategorised” for ‘Advance Payments' while their claim is being processed by the DWP.
The news comes as pressure mounts on the government to reduce the mandatory six-week wait (minimum) for a Universal Credit payment, as DWP ministers continue to defend the policy by claiming Advance Payments are available for anyone struggling to cope with the long wait.
In a sample of 1,252 tenants the Trust found that the majority of claimants were eligible for a Benefit Transfer Advance while being moved from a so-called legacy benefit (like Jobseeker's Allowance) onto Universal Credit. This is paid back during the first 12 months of a Universal Credit claim.
Those claimants who were offered Advance Payments were offered a New Claims Advance that had to be paid back within 6 months: the submission details the even bigger financial problems this caused for families.
In addition, the evidence reports:
The Department refuses to amend the recovery period of the Advance Payment, from 6 months to 12 months, even in the instances where they acknowledge that the claimants should have had a Benefit Transfer Advance.
Recovery of the Advance Payment commences immediately with the first Universal Credit payment. This means claimants are continuously playing catch up and are instantly put in debt when the repayment is deducted.
As the Advance Payment of either kind are recovered directly from the Universal Credit award, they are being given priority over other essential/actual priority outgoings.
When Advanced Payments have been provided there is a lack of any explanation to the customer that this includes a personal allowance and housing cost element. In many cases customers are unsure as to what the money they are receiving is for or what the levels of Advance will be.
Frank Field also criticised a lack of budgeting advice given to new Universal Credit claimants.
Halton Housing Trust found that this advice was not available to the vast majority of applicants. This is despite it being an essential element for many applicants at the start of the Universal Credit application process.
Local Authorities have been awarded funding to offer Personal Budgeting Support. Despite this, the number of referrals made by the Department locally in Halton has been very low.
Other problems highlighted by the Trust include:
Many employers choose to pay their employees early before the Christmas period. The Universal Credit regulations consider this as an increase in income and not an early payment. This triggers a review of their claim, with no payments being made until the end of the subsequent month (January).
A lack of coordinated approach between the NHS and DWP. The Trust has recently supported a tenant who received a £50 fine for ticking the “JSA” box on a prescription form, because the form has not been updated with a “Universal Credit” option for receiving free prescriptions, and there are no plans to do so.
The Universal Credit application prompts a cessation of Healthy Start vouchers if the claimants were previously in receipt along with their legacy benefit. The Healthy Start system does not yet recognise Full Service Universal Credit.
Frank Field said: “It would be difficult to think, in all my period of Chair of the Select Committee, of a piece of evidence that is so damning on the DWP maladministration which is mangling poorer people's lives.
“This maladministration is throwing Universal Credit claimants' finances into chaos.”
Disclaimer: This article containsParliamentary information licensed under the Open Parliament Licence v3.0.
Recent articles by CGT - CNT-Catalunya - SO
This author has not submitted any other articles. Recent Articles about Iberia Economy
Las Marchas de la Dignidad acuerdan convocar huelga general by Confederación General del Trabajo "La autogestión viva", de José Luis Carretero, para libre descarga by José Luis Carretero Ataque repugnante a la CGT desde el diario El Mundo by CGT Crisis? Whose? Why? Reforms - who will apply them and who will suffer? iberia | economy | appeal / petition Wednesday September 08, 2010 22:12 Wednesday September 08, 2010 22:12 by CGT - CNT-Catalunya - SO by CGT - CNT-Catalunya - SO Joint demonstration, Barcelona - 18th September 2010 These positions are shared by the organizations calling this demonstration and by others who struggle against this voracious capitalism from other alternative, environmental and educational perspectives, who share a desire for a libertarian society, a society that is more just, more equal and more free, a society where direct - not delegated - democracy and self-organization will prevail and where the economy is at the service of the common good.
TO ALL WORKERS
TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC CRISIS! WHOSE? WHY?
REFORMS - WHO WILL APPLY THEM AND WHO WILL SUFFER?
Because we cannot remain impassive in the face of this offensive by politicians and capital, with labour reforms that advocate job cuts and pay freezes, the lack of consideration for the effect of redundancies to the point of making them freely and gratuitously used, the extension of the retirement age and the ease with which it is now possibile to violate collective agreements. Because we must not allow further cuts in social spending, such as the reduced purchasing power of pensions, the cutting of benefits to dependent adults, or cuts and privatization in healthcare. Because they say that there is a crisis - which we did not cause and which in any case is a product of their organization of society - we believe that those who have caused it must pay for their excesses, just as the housing speculators and the exploiters grouped in the various business organizations must responsibility for their crises, not the workers, who are not responsible and have never had access to the means of social control.
The workers and the public in general have no possibility to decide on our lives. We are considered as objects, almost always obedient to what is decided by the powerful and what we are ordered to do by politicians charged with enforcing the laws and the wishes of the former. In the meantime, those who continue to earn millions - the banks, the hugely rich, parasitic brokers, etc. - are not suffering any crisis. Through its employees, the politicians, this "caste" imposes regulations (decrees and laws) and subsidies that always favour those who have more. It is significant that through the media - always at the service of its master, capital - demonstrations are publicized, particularly by politicians who are not currently in power, demanding that those who are in power carry out more social cuts, which they should have implemented two years ago (Convergència i Unió and the Partido Popular).
It is thanks to bad education levels, consumerism and the "lowest common denominator" culture broadcast through the "boob tube", and to distractions such as sporting successes and the disgraceful spectacle of statutes and constitutional courts, that the public is so soporific that it can no longer analyse what or who is responsible for the current social and jobs situation.
Currently: Unemployment is at 20% of the workforce and of these, 1.5 million have no income, 550,000 exist on 426 a month and 11 million workers receive wages under 9,000 a year, in other words 750 a month.
There are over 30,000 people without a home, while there are 3 million empty houses.
Repression is on the increase and new prisons are continuing to be built. 70,000 people are in prison.
Pollution is increasing but car-makers are being subsidized to the detriment of public transport. Waste from food packaging and industry is destroying nature - the greenhouse effect, radioactive waste, the destruction of forests, etc.
Aid and subsidies to the Church amount to 15 billion, the banks receive 9 billion, political parties 200 million, not to mention the countless sums benefitting NGOs, Party foundations, business foundations and so on.
The cost of the military and police forces has risen to 26 billion.
High-level crooks are scamming national and local governments and the taxpayers. Some of those we know of: Pujol (Banca Catalana) - 24 million, Millet and Montull (Palau de la Música) - 36 million so far, Camps (president of the Valencia Community, Valencia's regional government) - 14 million, Matas (ex-president of the Autonomous Community of the Balearic Islands) - 50 million, the former mayor of Santa Coloma de Gramenet and their henchmen, Díaz Ferrán (President of the Spanish Confederation of Employers' Organizations - CEOE) and so on - hundreds of millions of Euro. We cannot be accomplices to all these abuses. Today the struggle continues, from the grassroots up, from the neighbourhoods, from the assemblies, respecting both the individual and freely taken collective decisions, the mobilizations on the streets and in the workplace, including those strikes that the greatly-discredited official unions have called. All this has led to the calling of a General Strike on 29th September which, as on many previous occasions, will be used by them to try desperately to save their skins because they never confront the system that feeds their expensive apparata, causing disappointment and suffocating the struggles.
Given this situation the workers organized in a form of syndicalism that walks proudly, propose and demand the following: the division of labour and what is produced by labour;
abolition of the privileges of the Church and all other religions, of the banks and of the military;
withdrawal of subsidies to the monarchy, political parties, NGOs and Trade Unions - in 2008 and 2009, the CCOO and the UGT received the sum of 171,109,367 from the State, that is to say from our taxes;
prosecution of businesses for tax fraud;
the right to work and a minimum wage of 1,200 a month for all including the unemployed and pensioners;
extension of free, universal social services to the entire population;
respect for immigration and the freedom of the individual;
the disbanding of all police and military forces of repression;
an end to all forms of repression and torture;
the elimination of waged employment and of the estates;
an economic and social model that is rational, supportive and sustainable, focusing on education, the land, consumption, housing, non-aggressive and non-contaminating technologies... In other words - social justice.
These positions are shared by the organizations calling this demonstration and by others who struggle against this voracious capitalism from other alternative, environmental and educational perspectives, who share a desire for a libertarian society, a society that is more just, more equal and more free, a society where direct - not delegated - democracy and self-organization will prevail and where the economy is at the service of the common good.
Faced with this fallacy of the crisis, which only serves to give the capitalists and their servants another chance to wring more blood from the stone in order to get more benefits, while they're expecting us to pay for their excesses, corruption and greed, the workers must unite. Anarcho-syndicalism is a valid means of struggle in order to create a new society. It is an essential and already-existing alternative which will not give up because, comrade brothers and sisters, our future and the future of the next generation depends on today and tomorrow, it depends on us being able to maintain the true strength of the workers, our unity and our struggle at work and on the streets.
The general strike of 29th September together with other future strikes and mobilizations at the very minimum must achieve the withdrawal of the government's labour reforms and cuts in social spending.
DEMONSTRATION - 18 SEPTEMBER 2010
12.00 at Plaça de la Universitat, Barcelona
Confederació General del Treball de Catalunya (CGT) http://www.cgtcatalunya.cat Confederació Nacional del Treball Catalunya (CNT-Joaquín Costa) http://www.nodo50.org/cntcatalunya Solidaridad Obrera http://www.solidaridadobrera.org
Because we cannot remain impassive in the face of this offensive by politicians and capital, with labour reforms that advocate job cuts and pay freezes, the lack of consideration for the effect of redundancies to the point of making them freely and gratuitously used, the extension of the retirement age and the ease with which it is now possibile to violate collective agreements. Because we must not allow further cuts in social spending, such as the reduced purchasing power of pensions, the cutting of benefits to dependent adults, or cuts and privatization in healthcare. Because they say that there is a crisis - which we did not cause and which in any case is a product of their organization of society - we believe that those who have caused it must pay for their excesses, just as the housing speculators and the exploiters grouped in the various business organizations must responsibility for their crises, not the workers, who are not responsible and have never had access to the means of social control.The workers and the public in general have no possibility to decide on our lives. We are considered as objects, almost always obedient to what is decided by the powerful and what we are ordered to do by politicians charged with enforcing the laws and the wishes of the former. In the meantime, those who continue to earn millions - the banks, the hugely rich, parasitic brokers, etc. - are not suffering any crisis. Through its employees, the politicians, this "caste" imposes regulations (decrees and laws) and subsidies that always favour those who have more. It is significant that through the media - always at the service of its master, capital - demonstrations are publicized, particularly by politicians who are not currently in power, demanding that those who are in power carry out more social cuts, which they should have implemented two years ago (and the).It is thanks to bad education levels, consumerism and the "lowest common denominator" culture broadcast through the "boob tube", and to distractions such as sporting successes and the disgraceful spectacle of statutes and constitutional courts, that the public is so soporific that it can no longer analyse what or who is responsible for the current social and jobs situation.Currently:We cannot be accomplices to all these abuses. Today the struggle continues, from the grassroots up, from the neighbourhoods, from the assemblies, respecting both the individual and freely taken collective decisions, the mobilizations on the streets and in the workplace, including those strikes that the greatly-discredited official unions have called. All this has led to the calling of a General Strike on 29th September which, as on many previous occasions, will be used by them to try desperately to save their skins because they never confront the system that feeds their expensive apparata, causing disappointment and suffocating the struggles.In other words - social justice.These positions are shared by the organizations calling this demonstration and by others who struggle against this voracious capitalism from other alternative, environmental and educational perspectives, who share a desire for a libertarian society, a society that is more just, more equal and more free, a society where direct - not delegated - democracy and self-organization will prevail and where the economy is at the service of the common good.Faced with this fallacy of the crisis, which only serves to give the capitalists and their servants another chance to wring more blood from the stone in order to get more benefits, while they're expecting us to pay for their excesses, corruption and greed, the workers must unite. Anarcho-syndicalism is a valid means of struggle in order to create a new society. It is an essential and already-existing alternative which will not give up because, comrade brothers and sisters, our future and the future of the next generation depends on today and tomorrow, it depends on us being able to maintain the true strength of the workers, our unity and our struggle at work and on the streets.The general strike of 29th September together with other future strikes and mobilizations at the very minimum must achieve the withdrawal of the government's labour reforms and cuts in social spending. Translation by FdCA-International Relations Office Digg this del.icio.us Furl Reddit Technorati Facebook Twitter << Back To Newswire
English Italiano Deutsch This page can be viewed in
Nobody in music is making much money these days. We know that. Everybody knows that. Nobody buys music, and the very idea that we shouldn't download the stuff for free is sort of a generational non-starter. But you'd think that Grizzly Bear, one of the biggest bands in indie-dom, would be doing fine for themselves. Their music shows up in commercials, they reliably sell in the hundreds of thousands, they play big venues like Radio City. But as it turns out, that may not be the case.
In a fully absorbing new story in New York magazine, Nitsuh Abebe, a great writer and a friend of mine, follows the Grizz during their pre-release rounds, taping a music video in upstate New York and playing at Radio City. And though there's plenty of stuff about the band's history, its internal dynamics, and the new album Shields, the real takeaway is that even a big indie band like Grizzly Bear can't count on steady paychecks, and they don't sound too happy about it.
Here's Ed Droste: “People probably have an inflated idea of what we make,” says Droste. “Bands appear so much bigger than they really are now, because no one's buying records. But they'll go to giant shows… Obviously we're surviving. Some of us have health insurance, some of us don't, we basically all live in the same places, no one's renting private jets. Come to your own conclusions.”
And here's Chris Bear: “There's people that know they make X dollars a year, and that's not going to change. Or if anything, they'll get a raise. That seems like a pretty reasonable setup, compared to maybe having one really good year, and then who knows what the future is.”
Members of the band also point out that, even though they make their money touring, various different expenses take big chunks out of that, and that ad licensing doesn't pay as much as you might expect. The most poignant part might come when Droste talks about how people won't drop $9 on a digital copy of an album, even though that amount is just “a fucking appetizer, a large popcorn at the movie theater, and you'll have it forever, and they took two years to make it.”
Droste again: “I'd like to someday own a house, and be able to have children, and be able to put them through school, in an urban environment that one enjoys living in. A lot of people do it. And doing it through music is harder than doing it as a lawyer.”
Abebe goes in deep on indie rock economics in the piece, also talking to people like Travis Morrison, Frankie Rose, and Franz Nicolay. And though your reaction to the band's money comments may vary, the whole piece is certainly worth a read; it's here.
Golly, I gotta tell you. It's as if the Left just can't stop giving me reasons to vote for Donald Trump. First they tell us if Trump wins, illegal aliens will be deported. Then they warn us if Trump wins we won't be bringing in Muslim refugees. Then, nitwits like Lena Dunham threaten to move to Canada. And now Granny Ginsburg says they might just have to move to New Zealand if Trump becomes President.
Ya promise?!
If electing Trump can drag this dried up old crone off the Supreme Court and out of the country, then I say VOTE TRUMP!
Donald should capitalize on this. It really is a great campaign strategy.
Vote Trump. Send Granny Ginsburg Packing.
Or, how about:
Sorry New Zealand. But if a Trump win means this old crone heads for your neck of the woods, then you're stuck with them
Don't worry. She's relatively harmless. Just find them a nice quiet corner where they can drink wine and nod off. Which, come to think of it, is pretty much what they do on the Supreme Court — except when they do it there, we end up losing more of our liberty in the process.
As long as you guys down under don't do anything stupid like put them on a court, you'll be fine.
Anything that is bad for Granny Ginsburg is a-okay in my book.
See, that's the thing. Trump seems to be making the right people panic. Obama's panicked. La Raza is panicked. The Enslaved Press is panicked. The nitwit Leftists in Hollywood are panicked. And now Granny Ginsburg is panicked.
It's like music to my ears.
Anybody who can make these Leftist idiots run around like their hair is on fire gets my vote.
—
If you like the work at Patriot Retort, please consider contributing
Hit the tip jar DONATE button in the side bar. Even a few bucks can make a world of difference!
Screengrab: Dallas Morning News
The local Dallas hacking community has Ahmed Mohamed's back.
Mohamed, a 14-year-old inventor, was arrested earlier this week for bringing a homemade, DIY clock to school, igniting fierce debate—or maybe just outrage—about the over policing of schools, racial profiling, and technological ignorance.
Mohamed was handcuffed and interrogated without a lawyer or their parents present, and there was fear they would be charged with making a "hoax bomb," even though the student insisted their device was merely a homemade clock. Their school, Irving MacArthur High, sent a letter home with students informing parents that the police department "responded to a suspicious-looking item on campus" Monday.
If their school doesn't support a student who is clearly interested in science, engineering, and tinkering, the local hacking community says it will. A local hacker who goes by the name of WhiskeyNeon has given Mohamed's parents a year-long membership to TheLab.ms, a new hackerspace in the Dallas metro area—and other members of the space are working on getting them a lifetime membership. TheLab.ms only allows people older than 18 to have an official membership, but Mohamed will be allowed to use it.
"We're giving them an Arduino, solar panels, a lot of hardware as encouragement because we support what he's doing," WhiskeyNeon told me in a phone conversation. "As a hacker community, this is our backyard. We're going to stand up and show people what this is all about. We want to encourage him."
"This kid took the initiative to make something and brought it to school. The leadership of the school was too ignorant to realize what the child had done—that shows how bad the education system is when it comes to STEM," they added. "I'm ashamed the public school system would react like this and frankly I'm astounded theirs happened to him."
"He will find like-minded people who back him"
Mohamed has been officially invited to give a talk at the next Dallas Hackers Association meeting, and others in the community are working on getting them memberships to other laboratories in the area. Like many hacking communities, a handful of the association's members use hacking handles instead of their real names. Mohamed did not immediately respond to a Motherboard interview request.
Tinker, a co-organizer of the Dallas Hackers Association, told me they worry that Ahmed will not only lose interest in engineering, but that their experience could be emotionally scarring.
"He just started school, he's excited and wants to impress their teachers so they bring this in and, boom, he's arrested," they said. "They put them in handcuffs. That's a frightening experience that can make you lose complete trust in authority and can make you not want to reach out any more about [hacking and engineering]."
"Everything he's doing right now is good, and they need to know that."
Mohamed's experience is one of the more extreme cases, but teachers, law enforcement, and faculty overreacting to things they don't understand is an all-too-common experience. Tinker says that when they were in school, they were sent to the principal's office for "hackering" a computer.
"A school official overhear me saying I was hacking a computer. It was my own computer at home, and I was just overclocking it," they told me. "At least I was still treated decently, but there has always been a heightened fear mongering over this kind of thing."
Mohamed has also received support from across the nation—President Obama tweeted their support, as did NASA engineer Bobak Ferdowsi, who became famous for their mohawk during the Curiosity Rover landing.
Both WhiskeyNeon and Tinker say they hope Ahmed will become a member of the community, but, at the very least, they hope they don't give up inventing.
"We don't want to bombard them personally, but he's got an open invitation to come join us," Tinker said. "With today's internet, today's social media, the vibrant local community we've got—he will find a home for this, even if the schools don't want it. They will find like-minded people who back him, it's just a question of where. Everything he's doing right now is good, and they need to know that."
Codi Wilson, CP24.com
A kitten is recovering in the care of the Toronto Humane Society after it was thrown from a moving car on Highway 427 last week.
Mandi Howard said they were driving on the highway last Wednesday when they saw someone in a car ahead of them throw what they assumed was garbage out of their window.
As they got closer to the object, they said they saw fur blowing in the wind and they decided to pull over to the shoulder of the road to check it out.
“I started walking toward this tiny little thing … traffic was whipping by me,” Howard, a local emergency room nurse, told CP24.com Sunday night.
“I had to be safe if I was going to rescue him… I had to make sure that other cars were safe as well.”
When they saw a lull in traffic, they said they scooped up the kitten, wrapped them in a blanket and rushed them to the Toronto Humane Society.
When the eight-week-old kitten arrived at the shelter, Makyla Deleo, a spokesperson for the humane society, said they had suffered abrasions on their body, was bleeding and had broken toes on both feet. They also needed to undergo surgery to repair a serious laceration on their lip.
“I've been at the Toronto Humane Society for six years now. We see some pretty unfortunate things at the shelter but this one was above and beyond anything I had seen or heard of,” Deleo told CP24.com.
“It boggles your mind. You can't actually believe that somebody would be able to do something like this.”
The kitten, which employees at the shelter have named Pedro, will stay at the humane society until they have fully recovered, which is expected to take at least a couple of months. Howard said the vet who performed the surgery volunteered to foster the kitten while they heal. When the kitten recovers, Howard said they plan to adopt him.
An Indiegogo campaign has also been launched to raise money for the kitten's medical treatment and so far, more than $4,000 has been raised.
Any additional funds will be donated to the humane society, Howard said.
Both the kitten and Howard are expected to make an appearance on CP24's Animal House Calls on Tuesday night.
Pinballz Kingdom Is Coming to Buda
Photo via Pinballz
Fans of Pinballz Arcade, where you can enjoy your favorite childhood video games while swiggin' a beer (as they should be experienced), get excited: Owners Darren and Mikki Spohn are opening a Pinballz Kingdom in Buda this year, and it sounds to be everything you could have hoped. Per the Austin Business Journal:
The $6 million project will have video games like the original Pinballz location but will feature more outdoor attractions including laser tag and mini bowling along with a beer garden, live music stage, with plans to eventually add go-karts and more.
Most importantly, the Kingdom will sell booze onsite, so no more having to tote your own! But Buda? That's not Austin. Apparently, it's tough business getting into bigger business 'round these parts.
“We knew we did not want to be in Austin because it's basically anti-business with how they do things,” Darren Spohn told the ABJ. “We got all kinds of conflicting messages from inspectors that cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars and it was just a horrendous process all the way around.”
Well if that's how it has to be. They're shooting for a soft opening by the end of June, though that might change. Stay tuned.
Tony Gutierrez/Associated Press
The collegiate season hasn't yet ended, with the Clemson Tigers and Alabama Crimson Tide still needing to play for the title, but NFL draft season has kicked into high gear.
It's the infancy of the process in a way as 20 teams look toward the offseason while the rest look at the NFL playoff bracket. What this does, though, are begins to give observers a better idea of how things might play out in a few months.
Much can change, of course, such as the unfortunate injury to Notre Dame star linebacker Jaylon Smith perhaps impacting things down the line.
Below, let's look at how things stand right now as the globe beings to wrap its mind around another draft season. Better to move forward armed with knowledge than to get blindsided.
2016 NFL Mock Draft
Pick Team Player Position School 1 Tennessee Titans Laremy Tunsil OT Ole Miss 2 Cleveland Browns Joey Bosa DL Ohio State 3 San Diego Chargers Ronnie Stanley OT Notre Dame 4 Dallas Cowboys Jaylon Smith LB Notre Dame 5 Jacksonville Jaguars Jalen Ramsey CB/S Florida State 6 Baltimore Ravens Mackensie Alexander CB Clemson 7 San Francisco 49ers Jared Goff QB California 8 Miami Dolphins Myles Jack LB UCLA 9 Tampa Bay Buccaneers DeForest Buckner DE Oregon 10 New York Giants Reggie Ragland LB Alabama 11 Chicago Bears Jack Conklin OT Michigan State 12 New Orleans Saints Paxton Lynch QB Memphis 13 Philadelphia Eagles Taylor Decker OT Ohio State 14 Oakland Raiders Vernon Hargreaves III CB Florida 15 St. Louis Rams Connor Cook QB Michigan State 16 Detroit Lions Ezekiel Elliott RB Ohio State 17 Atlanta Falcons Shilique Calhoun DE Michigan State 18 Indianapolis Colts A'Shawn Robinson DT Alabama 19 Buffalo Bills Jarran Reed DL Alabama 20 New York Jets Shaq Lawson DE Clemson 21 Pittsburgh Steelers Tre'Davious White CB LSU 22 Seattle Seahawks Noah Spence DE/LB Eastern Kentucky 23 Green Bay Packers Robert Nkemdiche DL Ole Miss 24 Kansas City Chiefs Corey Coleman WR Baylor 25 Washington Laquon Treadwell WR Ole Miss 26 Houston Texans Sheldon Rankins DT Louisville 27 Minnesota Vikings Michael Thomas WR Ohio State 28 Cincinnati Bengals Emmanuel Ogbah DE Oklahoma State 29 Denver Broncos Jason Spriggs OT Indiana 30 Arizona Cardinals Leonard Floyd LB Georgia 31 Carolina Panthers Eli Apple CB Ohio State Author's projections.
Mock Draft Notables
9. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: DeForest Buckner, DE, Oregon
Ryan Kang/Associated Press/Associated Press
Know what a team like the Tampa Bay Buccaneers needs?
More versatile playmakers to massage a defense that allowed 26.1 points per game on average. With the offense developing around Jameis Winston, it only makes sense for head coach Lovie Smith to go after guys who can make a difference on defense.
DeForest Buckner of Oregon certainly qualifies. The 6'7", 290-pound monstrosity terrorized the Pac-12 this past year and earned high praise from many, including Pro Football Focus' Steve Palazzolo:
Chandler Jones, a guy who by Palazzolo's own rankings this year came in as the No. 15 4-3 defensive end in the NFL with 13 sacks, eight quarterback hits and four hurries.
The Buccaneers tallied 38 sacks, but the points allowed speaks for itself. William Gholston isn't scaring anyone on one side of the line, though Jacquies Smith was one of the league's quietest breakout stars with their seven sacks.
Adding Buckner to the mix only creates a positive ripple effect on the unit.
15. St. Louis Rams: Connor Cook, QB, Michigan State
LM Otero/Associated Press
Folks can argue for days and days about whether a quarterback will turn out right, but nobody really knows—see recent examples such as Robert Griffin III, EJ Manuel and Johnny Manziel.
It's Connor Cook's time to earn the "polarizing" label. They pass the eye test at 6'4" and 220 pounds, but they never completed better than 58.7 percent of their passes in a season. This past year, they hit 56.1 percent with 3,131 yards, 24 touchdowns and seven interceptions.
Then they get comparisons like this from new Georgia head coach Kirby Smart, according to Zach Braziller of the New York Post:
That sound? It's the St. Louis Rams rubbing their collective hands together. Nick Foles didn't work out, tossing seven touchdowns to 10 interceptions while watching Case Keenum steal some playing time.
There are other issues in St. Louis, especially at wideout. Potential franchise quarterbacks only come around so often, though, and pairing Cook with a strong running game might provide the Rams the foundation they desperately need to escape middling territory and begin to climb the mountain.
21. Pittsburgh Steelers: Tre'Davious White, CB, LSU
Mike Groll/Associated Press
It's not a secret what way the Pittsburgh Steelers will look in this year's draft.
Ben Roethlisberger can only prop up a struggling defense for so long. He's great, but much of what they do helps to gloss over the fact that the defense ranks 30th while allowing 271.9 passing yards per game.
Granted, the unit generated 48 sacks and plays the run well, but it doesn't mean much when corners such as William Gay and Antwon Blake, among others, struggle to shut down opposing receivers.
Tre'Davious White is the latest LSU cornerback to potentially hit the pros and make a difference. They can return punts, but the real allure here is the sheer upside they bring with their 5'11", 191-pound frame.
CBS Sports' Dane Brugler summed up the allure to White's obvious upside well:
They aren't quite as big as Jalen Collins and isn't the fastest player on the LSU roster, but they have the foot quickness and fluid athleticism to blanket receivers on the outside, using their instincts and ballskills to disrupt the catch point. White will take some unnecessary chances and fall victim to coverage lapses, but their football future is bright.
Some might argue drafting upside isn't the way to go, but an organization like Pittsburgh always has an eye on the future. White won't be the perfect prospect out of the gates, but with the proper coaching they can morph into an every-down starter sooner rather than later.
Stats courtesy of NFL.com and accurate as of January 6. All advanced metrics courtesy of Pro Football Focus.
Are you satisfied that your big data applications are protected against cyberthreats? Are you able to prove compliance across the big data stack? If not, read on!
Big Data environments usually have clusters of nodes, and each node has, at the bottom layer, an operating system on which the big data and applications sit on. For example — imagine an IBM BigInsights customer using the Big SQL application, based on a Hortonworks cluster running on Linux operating system. It can be challenging to figure out how to properly secure each layer of this stack!
To help understand this better, let's walk through an example of a Centrify Enterprise customer that's using Centrify for unified identity and access management, leveraging their existing Active Directory. A line of business told Sam, an IT Director at a large bank, that they were interested in using IBM Big SQL as their primary application and requested them to provision a IBM BigInsights Hadoop cluster.
Sam knows that they need to secure access to the Hadoop Cluster using Kerberos in order to enforce Secure Mode. They want to use Active Directory for user authentication since all users already authenticate to Active Directory. Searching online they found that Hadoop can use Apache Knox (User guide) and Ambari (Security guide) to control user login, but these will only provide LDAP based authentication which will not integrate with their multi-domain Active Directory. Centrify's LDAP proxy (Admin Guide) provides the necessary LDAP interface that Knox and Ambari require in order to enable user authentication to any trusted Active Directory domain. By doing this, Sam is leveraging their existing Active Directory infrastructure for unified authentication and access across the layers and reducing risk of managing a parallel identity infrastructure.
The next challenge they have is, “How to protect PII data by managing user access rights?” They found that BigInsights supports role-based access for specific functions, and by using Centrify they can make use of their Active Directory Groups by making them members of these BigInsight Roles using their “PAM with LDAP” model.
Role-based access can also be applied at the Hadoop layer through the use of Ranger in order to define Roles with associated Rights and again assign AD users or groups via Centrify to these Roles.
Since many commands can be executed via CLI at the Operating System layer, Centrify Access Manager enables them to define Roles with associated access rights and privileges to enforce a Least-Privilege Access model. Sam is able to easily implement least-privilege across layers using role-based access control.
Sam's auditors have already informed them that this BigInsight application will need to be compliant with both SOX and PCI-DSS since it will be processing financial transactions. In order to prove compliance, Sam must be able to produce audit logs across all layers of the environment in order to satisfy the security and audit teams. They can easily enable auditing on BigInsights following the BigInsights documentation. Now that they can produce the Audit logs for BigInsights, they do the same for Hadoop by enabling audit logging with Apache Ranger.
And, since Sam is using Centrify Server Suite Enterprise Edition, he's able record all sessions at the OS level.
Sam is easily able to produce to their Auditors Audit logs across layers for improved accountability, forensics and compliance.
In summary, IT and Big Data teams need to think about administration, authentication, authorization and audit at all layers of the Big Data stack – Application, Hadoop and Operating System – to protect the data against cyber threats. Centrify's Privileged Identity Management solutions help secure and simplify complex Big Data environments for better access control, privilege management and user-level auditing.
You can get started today with a free trial of Centrify Server Suite. If you are already a customer and want to learn more on our Big Data Solutions, simply contact your Centrify account team.
(November 7th, 2011)First video is a view from another storm chaser as they record their partner's vehicle (Andy Gabrielson) roll over at 1:40Second vid was recorded from inside the vehicle that had the roll over.Click link for confirmation on this roll over incident and news on the recent Oklahoma tornado."A storm chaser got into a wreck chasing the funnel cloud and it was caught on camera. The driver says they were following the twister in Tipton when the car flipped over. The driver says they were trying to back up when the steering jammed and caused them to slide sideways into a ditch and flip over."At least three structures were damaged and another was destroyed in Tillman County, Oklahoma because of a tornado, according to Tillman County's emergency manager.According to witnesses, the Oklahoma State University Extension Test Center, about 5 miles south of Tipton along Highway 5, was demolished in the storm. Reports are nobody was there at the time.Other reports claim just southeast of Tipton, a family was trapped inside a cellar and rescued by emergency crews. Also, witnesses sy damage was reported at the Vanderlaan Dairy in Frederick, Oklahoma.Nobody was reportedly hurt there, but the hay and milking barns were damaged.Several power lines were also knocked down, and in Kiowa County, one home was destroyed about 2 miles east of Snyder along Highway 62B.Subscribe for war vids,current events and RAW video,thanks and enjoy.
A 1981 ‘Pravda' article discusses the H-Block hunger strikes
The Northern Irish Troubles present a complex narrative to historians. The histories of all sides in the conflict are resplendent with injustices and obfuscations. Yet for contemporary correspondents of anti-Western states, from Tehran to Moscow, the story was tragically simple: a minority fighting for their freedom against the cruel machinations of an imperialist oppressor. As an Irish diplomat in Moscow wrote in 1982, Northern Ireland presented Moscow with a “convenient stick with which to beat the West.” In 1970 Yuri Ustimenko, the USSR's first correspondent in Ireland, arrived in Dublin. The eccentric journalist presented a foreboding spectre to British authorities. As the spearhead of a Soviet presence in Ireland, Ustimenko represented to John Peck, the British ambassador in Dublin, the first signs of an inevitable Soviet urge to ‘give events in Northern Ireland a stir.' Nevertheless, security suspicions were complicated by Ustimenko's peculiar habits. The journalist had an erratic set of interests and hobbies not normally associated with KGB sleuths. In one striking document from the British National archives, Ustimenko files a request with the British embassy inDublin to receive information about a series of topics including Celtic archeology and the “distribution of public houses in rural Ireland.” The ambassador was confounded: what precisely was Ustimenko up to? Whatever Ustimenko's peculiarities demonstrated, both Whitehall and Dublin had few anxieties about the reporter, so long as they remained within the South of Ireland.
While Ustimenko concerned themselves with their own peculiar fascinations in the Republic of Ireland, it did not take long before Soviet correspondents in the United Kingdom seized on the propagandistic opportunity that events in Northern Ireland offered. By far the largest folder on Irish-Soviet relations held in the Irish National Archives is that entitled “Soviet Press Coverage of Northern Ireland” . The anti-Western press can often function as a useful source for historians, providing a perspective entrenched in ideological biases yet occasionally piercingly accurate. Soviet perspectives on Northern Ireland however displayed a distinct lack of nuances. Equivalences were drawn with Western atrocities elsewhere in the world. In 1972 the Soviet press drew an analogue between Bloody Sunday and the My Lai massacre. Furthermore, ritual condemnations of British army and Loyalist paramilitary violence often occluded any mention of attacks conducted by Irish republicans. In December of 1981 Pravda concluded an article noting “Official London fears most of all a united worker front – protestants and Catholics in a struggle against the colonial order established by London in Ulster.” Marxist-Leninist dialectics clearly provided the Soviet populace with a teleological compass to navigate the complexities of the Troubles. As Stephen White notes, religious dimensions to the conflict were downplayed in Soviet coverage and depicted as ‘a smoke screen that obscured from sight the deep cleavage between the propertied classes and the mass of the population that they exploited.'
Soviet reporting on Northern Ireland also had an opportunistic streak. Increases in the volume of Soviet commentary on the Troubles rarely corresponded to an increased intensity of violence. Rather, as Chris Skillen observes, Soviet polemics against the British presence in the province were stepped up precisely when the West chose to parade Soviet iniquities before the international press. Despite the Official IRA aligning itself with the Soviet Union, the USSR simply could not resist press comment when the OIRA's Provisional nemeses placed their struggles on the world stage. Coverage of the PIRA's 1981 Hunger Strikes, which occurred alongside a European conference on Soviet human rights violations in Madrid, saturated Soviet newspapers. An Irish diplomat in Moscow reported to the Anglo-Irish desk in late 1981 that “the H-Block campaign and particularly the hunger-strikes have been a godsend to the USSR.” Soviet opportunism in this regard sometimes bordered on the comical. For example, during Margaret Thatcher's 1987 trip to the USSR the Soviet press decided it was time to arbitrarily commemorate the 6th anniversary of the Hunger Strikes. Thatcher probably lacked the Cyrillic knowledge required to discern the pointed press reports glaring at them from every Moscow news-stand, so what exactly were the implications of these reports outside of the USSR?
Soviet public opinion, quite frankly, mattered very little to successive Irish governments. Yet the Soviet's dogged use of Northern Ireland as a rebuttal to Western criticisms did cause some inconvenience. At a 1977 speech at the US National Press Club, Irish foreign minister Garret Fitzgerald faced up to the fact that the Soviet Union was misusing Irish criticisms of British human rights abuses “in order to countercharge Western countries with not respecting human rights.” In Soviet addresses to the United Nations, Northern Ireland made occasional appearances. Gradually, however, the dirge of Soviet commentary on the Troubles became less vocal. As the 1980s progressed, Cold War tensions cooled and the USSR slowly began to see the West as a vessel for aid. Yet perhaps there is a more dynamic reason for a change in the Soviet tenor on Northern Ireland. With the disintegration of the USSR, ethno-nationalist conflicts sprung up in peripheral regions of the expansive empire. Could a Soviet worker reading a report of a Belfast Catholic facing down an armored car see a similarity with the struggle of a Chechen separatist? A Politburo document detailing a 1989 meeting between Gorbachev and Thatcher provides some insight:
With Northern Ireland, they have a real headache. I, of course, manoeuvred them from their politics there to our position. They understood it and said to me, “I know that you also have a headache about the future of the USSR”
These mutual ‘headaches' are telling. Indeed, a prominent Soviet journalist covering Northern Ireland was recalled to Moscow months after this conversation and assigned to zones of intercommunal conflict in the far reaches of the USSR. There the journalist “discovered” that the tactics they had once lauded as being those of the freedom fighter were now unequivocally those of the terrorist. No one incident better surmises the essence of propaganda implicit in the Soviet perspective of the Northern Irish troubles.
One thread remains unexamined – what precisely was the erratic journalist Yuri Ustimenko doing with their knowledge of Celtic archeology and rural pubs? In 1980 the Irish Times came into the possession of a glowing guidebook of Ireland authored by Ustimenko entitled “Hello, Ireland!” Containing many digressions on the pictorial life in Ireland, the work concluded with the line “one cannot help but be overcome by the warmth and generosity of the Irish people.” Much like the narrative of Irish 20th century history itself, burdened by the tropes of violence and squalor, the Soviet press coverage of this patch of Western Europe did occasionally offer a glimmer of hope.
Picture: USA Today
Continuing the countdown from Monday, Chicago Fire is up next as one of the 3 best Designated Player cores in MLS:
2. Chicago Fire
The Fire has had a great season so far currently 3 points behind leaders Toronto FC in the Eastern Conference. It is great for the club and their fans since they have missed the playoffs for 4 straight seasons.
Chicago's success is largely due to the fact they were able to pull off a major rebuild to their squad in the offseason. They were able to bring in MLS veterans Dax McCarthy and Juninho and two other DP's we will get to later. Let's get into the 3 DP's of the Chicago Fire:
Left Wing David Accam is currently the longest-serving Designated Player in Chicago and for good reason. The Ghana International transferred from Swedish side Helsingorgs IF in 2014 and has been with the Fire ever since. Accam has carried really bad Fire teams over the past few years and the fact they now has talented players around them is great for them to shine and perform at a high level.
David Accam admits there are 'a lot of offers' for him, doesn't give a hint about their future: https://t.co/gWnVJrPzgm (@TheDanSanto) #cf97 pic.twitter.com/O2CW4NUHu9 — NBC Sports Chicago (@NBCSChicago) August 6, 2017
Ever though there have been rumors of them moving to another club this summer, the Fire has reportedly picked up their 2018 option in their contract. Staying in Major League Soccer would be the best for Accam, Chicago and even the league itself as they are such a big talent in MLS.
Striker Nemanja Nikolic was part of the huge rebuild last offseason moving from Polish side Legia Warsaw for a fee of $3M. The Hungarian has become an instant success in America scoring 16 goals in 22 appearances in their debut season with the Fire. Even though Nikolic is currently going through a 4 game goal drought, they are still one of the deadliest strikers in the league and will be a key part of Chicago's run in the playoffs.
16 – Nemanja Nikolic's 16 goals are currently the third most by a MLS player prior to the All-Star Game since 2010. Copious. #MLSAllStar pic.twitter.com/vgJDeIhEgU — OptaJack⚽️ (@OptaJack) July 18, 2017
To round out this DP core, it is the one and only Bastian Schweinsteiger. After being at the bottom of Manchester United's depth chart, Schweinsteiger was allowed to join the Fire in March this year. Many people thought they wouldn't perform well in America but they have proved their critics wrong becoming the main centerpiece in the Fire's 4-3-3 formation.
As stated in many interviews, Schweinsteiger's enjoying life in Chicago. The World Cup winner really likes the league saying it will complete with top leagues like the Bundesliga and the Premier League in the next decade. Playing in Major League Soccer is the best decision for their career and if they are happy playing in America, the Fire and MLS are happy too.
Bastian Schweinsteiger on the MLS: "It is young but the goal should be to be on the same level as the Bundesliga or Premier league." pic.twitter.com/ENn0xhliau — Squawka News (@SquawkaNews) August 4, 2017
Story highlights Lorenzo Vinciguerra fled while soldiers conducted law enforcement operations
During the escape, Vinciguerra, 49, suffered a minor injury
Dutchman Ewold Horn, 52, is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group
A Swiss hostage abducted two years ago made a daring dawn escape Saturday from Islamist extremists in the Philippines, the military said.
During the escape, Lorenzo Vinciguerra, 49, seized one of their captor's bladed weapons and attacked a guard and a kidnapper, said Col. Restituto Padilla, a spokesperson for the Philippine military.
Vinciguerra wounded the two and fled, prompting other Abu Sayyaf rebels to shoot at him, Padilla told CNN affiliate 9TV. They suffered a minor injury on their cheek.
They fled while Philippine soldiers were conducting law enforcement operations in the area, Chester Ian Ramos, a local joint task force spokesperson, told state-run Philippine News Agency.
"So the troops who were operating on the ground were able to recover them in that area of Barangay Timpook, where that incident happened, where they were operating," Padilla said.
Ramons said they escaped about 5:20 a.m. local time. They were treated at a nearby base hospital for wounds that weren't life-threatening, authorities said.
A second hostage, Dutchman Ewold Horn, 52, is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group.
The deal between Ald. Ed Burke, 14th, and city officials signed nearly a quarter of a century ago is curiously open-ended. The "Chicago Police Department, its officers and agents, shall, during such time as plaintiff Edward M. Burke continues to serve as chairperson of the Finance Committee of the City Council of the city of Chicago, maintain and preserve the bodyguard protection previously afforded to Burke," it says. To underscore the point, the agreement goes on, "the Chicago Police Department shall not during such time as Burke continues to serve as chairperson of the Finance Committee take steps to reduce, alter, impair or otherwise eliminate any of the bodyguard protection presently enjoyed by plaintiff." Burke cited this Nov. 14, 1986 document (read the full text below) earlier this week after the controversy over the size of their bodyguard detail reignited: "A court order is a court order," they told reporters, echoing the helpless response of new police Superintendent Garry McCarthy who said "I don't have the authority to change a court decision" when asked if they would act on Mayor Rahm Emanuel's campaign declaration that Burke's security arrangement "just can't continue." Actually, the document in question is neither a court order nor a decision. It's a stipulation — a formal agreement signed by then-Assistant Corporation Counsel Richard K. Means and Burke's attorney Joseph Tighe that settled a lawsuit brought by Burke when then-Mayor Harold Washington tried to cut Burke's bodyguard contingent to two police officers from four. For most elected officials, particularly in lesser offices, bodyguards are status symbols who double as drivers and gofers. But Burke argued that the reduction effort was petty, retaliatory and dangerous given the many threats they were receiving as a prominent member of the anti-Washington faction on the Council. And they may have had a point. Twenty-five years ago. But times change. The City Council has been a relatively — even dismayingly — harmonious body since Washington's death in 1987, and Burke has gone from the lightning rod to the totem pole. Meanwhile, the city has plunged into a budget hole in which deploying scarce police resources to feed the egos of politicians is less defensible than it's ever been. Why was there no provision in this agreement for re-evaluation at a later date? "I have no recollection of this at all," said Means, now an election attorney based in Oak Park. "My guess is that someone else did the negotiating and I was just told to go in and sign the papers." Means' boss at the time, Washington's corporation counsel, Judson Miner, was equally hazy on the details. "It's funny that I or someone at a higher level didn't sign the agreement," they said Thursday. "Things were very contentious with Burke." Nevertheless, Miner said, it would probably not be hard for the Emanuel administration to ask a judge to vacate the agreement, given how circumstances have changed. "The burden would then be on Burke to justify their continued need for all those bodyguards," Miner said.
I left email and voice messages with Burke's office asking for such a justification — they have publicly denied reports that they now have six officers assigned to them — but did not get a reply.Police officials are currently conducting a thorough review of all such security arrangements, said corporation counsel spokesperson Jennifer Hoyle. They said city lawyers are also studying a curious passage in the agreement that says it is "subject to further directive of the mayor of the city of Chicago, which may be inconsistent with this stipulation."Once these reviews are complete, Hoyle said, city lawyers may take steps to revoke the ancient agreement with Burke.I see no need to wait. Not for the city: It's unconscionable that a 1986 peace treaty should govern police deployment decisions in 2011, no matter how justified those decisions may be.And not for Burke: It's unconscionable that they continue to avail themselves of this costly perk at a time when he's asking city employees to take furloughs and go without raises, and when citizens are desperate to see more officers on the street.Will reassigning a handful of cops make a measurable difference in the budget or public safety? Doubtful. But this is a powerfully symbolic issue, and it demands a new agreement between Burke and the mayor: From now on, we will use our precious resources wisely and for the good of the people.----
John Williams and I discussed the Burke bodyguard agreement on WGN AM 720 Thursday afternoon:
EZ and JW on BURKE
MP3 link
Here's the document upon which Ald. Ed Burke (14th) relies on when asserting their ongoing right to a full contingent of bodyguards:
Nov. 14, 1986
In the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, County Department Chancery Division
Edward R. Vrdolyak, Alderman of the 10th Ward of the City of Chicago and Edward M. Burke, Alderman of the 14th Ward of the City of Chicago and Chicago City Council Finance Committee Chairman, Plaintiffs, and Robert J. McSweeney, Plaintiff-intervenor
vs.
Fred Rice Jr., Acting superintendent of the Chicago Police Department; Harold M. Washington, Mayor of the City of Chicago; and The City of Chicago, a municipal corporation, Defendants
No. 83 CH 08158
STIPULATION
Plaintiff Edward M. Burke, by their attorney Joseph E. Tighe, and defendants City of Chicago and Chicago Police Department, by their attorney Richard K. Means, stipulate and agree that, subject to further directive of the mayor of the City of Chicago, which may be inconsistent with this stipulation, defendant Chicago Police Department, its officers and agents, shall, during such time as plaintiff Edward M. Burke continues to serve as Chairman of the Finance Committee of the City Council of the City of Chicago, maintain and preserve the bodyguard protection previously afforded to Burke and stipulate further that the Chicago Police Department shall not during such time as Burke continues to serve as Chairman of the Finance Committee take steps to reduce, alter, impair or otherwise eliminate any of the bodyguard protection presently enjoyed by plaintiff. Burke, including, but not limited to, limiting or impairing the full extent of the right enjoyed by Burke pursuant to interim injunction orders heretofore entered in this cause in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois.
The parties further stipulate and agree that the pending case 83 CH 8158 shall be dismissed without prejudice by agreement and that all injunction orders previously entered in that case shall cease to have force and effect, except inasmuch as said orders may serve to define the rights to bodyguard protection previously enjoyed by Burke.
The signatories to this stipulation represent that they have the authority to bind their clients by this agreement. This stipulation shall not be filed with the clerk of the court except upon and in connection with a claim of breach of the stipulation, and the signatories hereto and their respective clients will maintain duplicate originals of this stipulation.
How airtight is this? WTTW-Ch. 11 reporter Elizabeth Brackett put the question Wednesdy to Judson Miner, who was corporation counsel at the time (and Richard Means' boss):
Brackett: If this court order is still in effect, could the corporation counsel today ask that it be dismissed?
Miner: Oh, of course. Simple. Go in and point out to the court that--- I assume that the starting point would be it doesn't apply, but, should a court conclude that it might apply absent some action by the city, we're here to take the appropriate action to limit the security detail to what's appropriate.
Our editorial Friday makes the same point:
Bad form, Alderman. ... you're clinging to tradition and an ancient order. Your constituents need those cops more than you do. If Burke won't relent, then let's have a hearing. For nearly three decades, they have been chauffeured and guarded by city police officers, and it's past time someone questioned whether those tax dollars are well spent. Let the alderman make the case that they need a security detail now — not that they needed one 25 years ago.
Tribune photo 2011 by Jose M. Osorio
Senior politicians in the Czech Republic have been complaining for months about the sometimes marked disparity in the quality of foodstuffs sold in ex-communist states and those delivered to consumers in “Western” countries.
In August the Czech agriculture minister, Marian Jurečka, illustrated the poor deal domestic consumers were getting by holding up two very similar looking boxes of fish fingers. The difference was the ones sold in Germany contained more meat and cost less.
On Wednesday, the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, addressed this issue in a broad-ranging “State of the Union” address at the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
“In a union of equal consumers, there cannot be two classes of consumers. It is not acceptable that in some countries, especially in Central and Eastern Europe, products are sold that are of lower quality than those sold in Western countries, even when the packages and brands are the same.”
Mr. Juncker then referred to particular products that can leave the inhabitants of former Eastern Bloc states feeling short-changed.
“Slovaks don't deserve fewer fish in their fish fingers. Hungarians don't deserve less meat in their processed meat products. Czechs don't deserve less cocoa in their chocolate. European law forbids such practices, and the national authorities in those countries need to do more to fight these illegal practices.”
The European Commission president's words were immediately welcomed by the Czech prime minister, with Bohuslav Sobotka writing on Twitter that they were “the result of the endeavours of the Czech Republic and Slovakia” and a “good signal”.
Mr. Juncker has clearly rejected double standards in food quality and consumer discrimination, Mr. Sobotka went on.
The Czech leader also said they welcomed the European Commission chief's support for cohesion between Eastern and Western member states and convergence within the EU.
Mr. Juncker's trilingual speech touched on a whole range of other subjects and at one point they referred to the fact that Lithuania and Latvia would be marking the centenaries of their foundation next year.
However, Czechoslovakia was also founded in 1918, as the Czech MEP Pavel Telička reminded Mr. Juncker in Strasbourg.
“I am not offended that you have forgotten the Czech Republic as a country that will also be 100 years old next year. No offense taken.”
Do me a favor for the next five minutes. Try to forget everything you know about tampons. I know, it's hard. But pretend that this is the first time you have ever seen or heard of the item below, and it is a new survival product on the market: the Tactical Adventure Medical Preparedness Outdoors Necessity (T.A.M.P.O.N.).
All kidding aside, a tampon really does have a ton of uses to a survivor. One could even argue for including a couple in your survival kit. Ultimately, I'll let you be the judge.
Before I get into the details of this post, a brief history of the tampon might surprise you.
The tampon is actually regulated in the US by the Food & Drug Administration as a Class II Medical Device. The word “tampon” is a derivative of the French word tapon which means “a little plug or stopper.” My research indicates that tampons were used as early as the 19th century as battle dressings to plug bullet holes. There are even accounts of tampons being used as wound plugs in modern warfare. A friend of mine told me that it's not uncommon for Army Medics to carry tampons in their med kits. They are also the perfect product for a bloody nose. There seem to be mixed accounts of whether the tampon was used as a feminine product before or after its use on the battlefield.
Regardless of intended use, the common tampon has many practical survival uses. I've highlighted a few survival uses below
TAMPON Survival Use #1: Medical Bandage
Tampons are sterile, come very well-packaged in their own waterproof sleeves, and are designed to be ultra-absorbent — making them the perfect first aid bandage. They can be opened and then taped or tied over a wound as an improvised dressing. And, as I've already mentioned, they can be used to plug a bullet hole until more sophisticated medical attention can be administered. Accounts of this use date back to World War I. Many items in modern society were first developed as a facet of military research — tampons may very well be one of these products
TAMPON Survival Use #2: Crude Water Filter
Another excellent tampon survival use is as a crude water filter. While it will not filter out biological, chemical, or heavy metal threats, it can certainly be used to filter out sediments and floating particulates. This would be considered a 1st Phase Filter, which can drastically increase the life and efficacy of your main water filter. You can also use a filter like this before boiling to filter out larger particulates. In this example, I've pushed a tampon into the neck of an empty water bottle. I poked a small hole in the cap and then poured in dirty water to filter through the tampon and into the container below.
The water dripped out nearly crystal clear.
TAMPON Survival Use #3: Fire Tinder
Nearly everyone knows that cotton makes excellent fire tinder. When the dry cotton fibers of a tampon are pulled apart and hit with a spark or flame, they will burst into a nice steady fire. If you've done the right amount of fire prep work, you can easily split 1 tampon into 3 or 4 fire-starting tinder bundles. Add in some chapstick or petroleum jelly, and you've got an even better fire-starting tinder.
TAMPON Survival Use #4: Crude Survival Straw Filter
Yes, I have a tampon in my mouth — don't laugh! As a last ditch water filter, you can make an improvised Survival Straw from the plastic housing and cotton from a tampon. As you can see in the photos below, just tear off a bit of the cotton and stuff it into the plastic housing. I find it better to leave a little bit sticking out to make the housing pieces wedge tightly together.
Again, this filter will not PURIFY your water by removing biological, chemical, or heavy metal threats, but it will filter out sediments and particulates. This would be a last ditch effort if no methods of water purification were available.
TAMPON Survival Use #5: Wick for Improvised Candle
In the photo above I used the string on a tampon as a wick in an improvised candle which I made from rendered animal fat and a fresh water mussel shell I found down by the creek at Willow Haven. After the string soaked up some of the fat, this candle burned solid for 20 minutes while I took the photos and still had plenty of wick left. Pine sap would have also worked as a fuel.
TAMPON Survival Use #6: Cordage
The string attached to a tampon is a cotton twisted cord typically made up of several 4-6″ pieces of twine. Though it's not much, it is usable cordage. This amount of cordage could easily be used to make a Paiute Deadfall Trap.
I'm sure there are also numerous other uses for small amounts of quality cordage. For example, I also use this cordage in the next Survival Use below…
TAMPON Survival Use #7: Blow Dart Fletching
The blow gun certainly has its place in survival history. From Native Americans to tribes in New Guinea, the Blow Gun and primitive darts have put food on the table for thousands of years. They are silent and deadly hunting tools, especially for small game. Oftentimes, especially here in the US, natural cotton was used as blow dart fletching. Thus, the cotton from a tampon is a perfect candidate to make cotton-fletched blow darts. I used the string on the tampon to lash it into place on this bamboo skewer.
Watch out birds and lizards — you may get shot by a tampon-fletched blow dart!
TAMPON Survival Use #8: Blow Tube for Coal Burning Containers
Yes, I have a tampon in my mouth — again. This time, though, I'm blowing instead of sucking. Wow…this section is off to a really weird start. In a survival scenario, a simple container can make the difference between life and death. A water-tight container can be used to carry water, boil water, and cook meals. Natural water-tight containers aren't easy to make or find. A very practical and useful improvised container can be made by using hot coals to burn out a cavity in a log or stump. A blow-tube (in this case the plastic tampon applicator) can be used to intensify the hot coals to burn the cavity.
Using the tampon applicator blow-tube, it took me about 30 minutes to coal burn a cavity large enough to hold 2 cups of water. If necessary, I could then boil and purify this water by adding in several red hot stones that had been heated in a fire.
TAMPON Survival Use #9: Waterproof Match & Fire Tinder Case
In wet and damp conditions, keeping fire-starting tools such as matches and tinder dry can be a challenge. The waterproof tampon package/sleeve makes an excellent improvised “dry-sack” for any items that are moisture sensitive. Just fold over the top 2-3 times and tie it off with the tampon string and you've got a great waterproof match case.
TAMPON Survival Use #10: Survival Fishing Bobber
Fishing with hook and bobber is an incredibly effective method — especially when using live bait such as grubs and worms. A thorn hook, some natural braided line, and a tampon bobber make the perfect combination for a survival fishing rig. Watch out Blue-Gill!
Make the bobber with the tampon package/sleeve by folding over and tying off the top to create a little bubble that will float your bait. If the package isn't water-tight, just put some of the cotton inside and it will float just fine. Then, simply tie it to your fishing line.
Conclusion
I am a huge fan of multi-functional products that can serve double or even triple survival duty. For the size, weight, and cost, a tampon has an impressive list of survival functions. If nothing else, this post is another lesson in the importance of looking at everyday products through the eyes of a survivalist. Creativity and innovation are critical.
So what did you decide? Are you manly enough to include a tampon or two in your survival kit?
Remember, it's not IF WHEN,
Creek
____________________
Creek Stewart is a Senior Instructor at the Willow Haven Outdoor School for Survival, Preparedness & Bushcraft. Creek's passion is teaching, sharing, and preserving outdoor living and survival skills. Creek is also the author of the book Build the Perfect Bug Out Bag: Your 72-Hour Disaster Survival Kit. For more information, visit Willowhaven Outdoor.
The earnings of recent English graduates have deteriorated so rapidly since the financial crisis that the latest class is earning 12 per cent less than their pre-crash counterparts at the same stage in their careers. They also owe about 60 per cent more in student debt.
As Britain starts to emerge from the downturn, a Financial Times analysis of student loan data exposes the damage done to a generation of graduates, for whom a degree has all but ceased to be a golden ticket to a decent job. Tuition fees in England almost tripled last year to a maximum £9,000 a year.
These are the young people to whom the country will turn over the next 20 years to fund the retirement of the “baby boomer” generation. Britain's ageing population is forecast to put the country's public finances under increasing strain.
Each cohort of graduates since the financial crisis is earning less than the one before. New graduates who earned £15,000 or more in 2011-12 – enough to start repaying their loans – were paid on average 12 per cent less in real terms than graduates at the same stage of their careers in 2007-08.
This real terms fall is three times as deep as the decline in average pay for all full-time workers over the same period.
The data come from the Student Loans Company, which is owned by the government, and cover the repayments of all graduates in England who took out loans. Scottish universities are free for Scottish students.
People repaying their loans between 2005-6 and 2011-12 paid 9 per cent of their earnings above £15,000. This makes the data a good rough guide to the pay of those who have done relatively well in the labour market, with some caveats.
They do not capture the 28 per cent of new graduates in 2011-12 who were not earning enough to start repaying their loans, or the 17 per cent who were not working at all.
Young people have been affected disproportionately by the financial crisis across the developed world. Graduates are in a better position than those without degrees, but the economic downturn has dealt a heavy blow to their early careers.
As companies have cut back on hiring, graduates have found it much harder to land degree-level jobs. Last year, the Office for National Statistics said 36 per cent of recent graduates were employed in lower skilled jobs, up from 27 per cent in 2001. The ONS will update these figures on Tuesday in its latest annual report on graduates, which should give an indication of whether the recent recovery has started to improve the picture.
Young people without degrees have had an even harder time, especially those who left school at 16 without at least five good grades.
Now the economy is starting to recover, the big question for graduates is whether they can dig themselves out of the hole they are in. According to Till Marco von Wachter, an economics professor at the University of California Los Angeles, it usually takes 10 to 15 years for the average person to recover from graduating into a big recession.
“The good news is there is catch-up, the bad news is it's not related to the economic cycle. It takes longer – much longer,” they said.
…
Supply of graduates far outstrips demand
It is the end of the day at The London Graduate from Fair and a procession of young people are heading for the exit. They carry identical red bags emblazoned with the words, “How to get hired”, and have their names and a bar code pinned to their chests. The bar codes allow employers at the fair to scan their personal details and filter them into certain categories: “Send more information after the fair,” for example, or “Invite for interview”.
Rob Gill, who has been manning the Jaguar Land Rover stand, looks worn out. “There's just this growing pool of grads,” they say. “They all ask: ‘What are you looking for? What can I do to stand out?' No one asks: ‘What's the salary?'”
Job fairs like this one make it clear why graduate pay has dropped since the crisis, as analysis by the Financial Times has revealed. While employers complain of skill shortages in certain areas such as engineering, the overall supply of graduates is far outstripping demand for them.
The bottom graduates never recover and stay at these lower firms forever
The number of graduate vacancies on offer this year from the top 100 employers was the highest since 2008 but still 9 per cent lower than before the crisis, according to High Fliers Research, which monitors graduate recruitment. The median starting salary for these jobs remained unchanged in cash terms for an unprecedented fourth year.
Corporate Britain has become risk averse since the crash, which has made it harder for graduates to find a way in. Real business investment – already weak in the boom years – fell by a quarter during the recession and another tenth after it ended. And while company accountants may not class young people as investments, managers certainly see them that way. Increasingly, the only graduates they are willing to take on are the ones they already know. More than a third of the jobs offered by the top employers this year went to graduates who had already worked at that company on internships or placements.
“It used to be you went to university and you got a good job; that was the deal, wasn't it? But it's not quite like that any more,” says Katerina Rudiger, head of skills and policy campaigns at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.
With fewer graduate jobs on offer, there has been a rise in what economists call “cyclical downgrading”. In other words, graduates are taking jobs that people without degrees could do. Not only does this push down graduates' average pay, it also pushes young people without degrees further down the labour market's rungs – or off the ladder altogether. Youth unemployment in the UK has climbed from 12 per cent to almost 20 per cent since 2007.
Now that Britain's economic glass is “half full”, as the Bank of England governor said last week, will young people clamber back up to where they would have been without the financial crisis?
Craig Holmes, a researcher at Oxford university's Centre on Skills, Knowledge and Organisational Performance, warns it will not be that easy. “Even if we get back to similar employment levels, those higher-level employers are not going to suddenly double their intake for a particular year just to accommodate for those they missed the first time,” they say.
Mr Von Wachter has studied what happened to graduates in the 1980s and 1990s in Canada. This data suggest it can take 10 to 15 years for the average person's pay to recover after such a bad start, but there is huge variation depending on what and where they studied.
Graduates with good degrees from decent universities tend to catch up within three to four years by switching frequently from employer to increase their salaries. But graduates with humanities degrees from less prestigious universities find themselves stuck in those initial low-paid jobs at smaller companies. “The bottom graduates never recover and stay at these lower firms forever,” they say.
Japan sets the most worrying precedent. Many of the young people who were locked out of corporate Japan when its economy crashed in the 1990s are still trapped in part-time, precarious work.
Whether they know all this or not, the graduates at The London Graduate from Fair are well aware their best chance is to get into decent jobs as quickly as possible. Some are even willing to pay for the opportunity.
As most employers at the fair roll up their posters and take down their stalls, some graduates still hover around the City Trading and Investment stand, which has a glossy photo backdrop of Canary Wharf at night.
The company is offering internships in trading and portfolio management. After some classroom training in a Canary Wharf office, interns will log on to a “virtual trading room” from home and receive more lessons remotely, explains Calum Watt, who founded the company and plans to run its first course in January. The best interns will be offered trading jobs, with “remuneration based on the profits they make”.
The 10-week course costs £695 per month, according to the company's website. “All my brochures have gone but if I can just scan your pass I'll send you the information,” Mr Watt explains to an anxious young man in a suit. “We'll be emailing you out a discount code.”
——————————————-
Letter in response to this article:
Graduates and a fundamental law / From Ms Sarah Ferguson
FLORENCE, Ala. -- Ferris State quarterback Jason Vander Laan won their second straight Harlon Hill Trophy as Division II's top player.
Vander Laan's 217 total points ranks as the fourth-highest total by a winner in the award's 30-year history. They were honored Friday.
Vander Laan received 51 first-place votes among the 101 ballots cast by Division II sports information directors.
He's the fourth player to win the Harlon Hill twice.
They passed for 2,626 yards and 27 touchdowns while rushing for 1,542 yards and 24 scores.
Vander Laan was followed in the voting by Humboldt State running back Ja'Quan Gardner (107 points) and Colorado State-Pueblo running back Cameron McDondle, who got 90 points.
The trophy is named for the late Harlon Hill, a former North Alabama and Chicago Bears player.
Image taken from http://mariashriver.com/
Don't skate to where the puck is going. Change the game.
Darren Herman Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 23, 2015
This post is written by Darren Herman, the VP of Content Services at Mozilla. While not skiing with their family or on cross-country flights to Mountain View (CA), Herman thinks about the future of content and it's convergence with Madison Avenue. This post is their thinking and not one that is reflective of their employer.
We've got a conundrum on our hands: a big one… a hundred billion dollar big. The most widely used content monetization model is coming under threat. The model is advertising and the threat are people.
Sounds weird and crazy, doesn't it?
Content exists because people consume it*. You'd think that people would like advertising because of how directly linked it is to content. I'd argue that some of the best advertisements are really good pieces of content.
People + Content + Advertisements = Monetization model
People ❤ Content
Therefore, People should love Advertisements**.
But do they?
If you look at some of the latest numbers of ad block downloads, you'll see an increased of usage. New entrants of ad blocking technologies are entering the world almost monthly and the latest I've seen is uBlock.
Publishers (content owners) don't love ad blockers as it hurts their revenue numbers. If publishers cannot generate enough revenue they need to trim costs or find other ways to monetize or fold up their shingle.
But users like ad blockers because they don't see advertisements, they erase their online footsteps, and/or speed up their web browsing a bit.
There is a tension between what users want and what publishers are offering.
Recently , publishers have gone so far as to sue an ad block company in court (in Germany) and the ruling actually sided for the Internet user. The ruling is lengthy but the short version is that users retain the right to what is shown on their screens.
I'm not going to argue whether or not this is the right judgement as that's a debate that could go on for a long time and with many typed words…
What I will say however is that maybe advertisements as we know them are not the answer to the web in 2015 and the next decade or two?
Maybe it's cliche to say the famous saying, “the definition of insanity is doing the same things over and over again expecting different results” but it's super apropos here.
Users have told us that they want to be in control of their web experience thru their explicit actions online.
How can Madison Avenue meet users where they ultimately want to be… ? That's what is exciting to me for the next decade. It's not about disrupting ad tech. It's about disrupting the current ad model… and that is MUCH, much bigger.
One of my sports idols, Wayne Gretzky has a saying “skate where the puck is going, not where it's been.” I actually don't think this is right for the disruption the industry needs. We need to change the game.
* Because people consume content, it gets monetized in some capacity.
** Hopefully this is not too much of a stretch
Fashion designer Sruli Recht used translucent cow skin leather to create the Apparition collection for Dutch company ECCO.
The collection is the result of a three-year project, during which Recht and a team from ECCO's Netherlands leather lab aimed to create the world's first transparent cow-hide leather.
Although translucent leather had previously been achieved with smaller hides, such as goat and sheep, it had been hard like parchment. Recht wanted to create a supple version that could be manipulated to create garments.
"It came out of the challenge of rethinking leather aesthetics in terms of both visual and touch properties," said Recht.
"We asked ourselves what would be the holy grail of leather? I would say it would be creating a futuristic material that still maintains the properties that we know, love, and require from leather."
After studying what other designers had done to achieve translucent leathers over recent years, Recht began to apply up-to-date manufacturing methods to solve practical issues, such as lasting pliability and water resistance.
The result was Apparition, which Recht named after its "spectral qualities and almost ghostlike appearance". This material was then translated into garments and shoes in hues of amber, green, black, orange and blood red.
"The process after creating a new material, a new class of leather even, is to develop it into objects and show what it can do, and then present it as a narrative: how it moves, how it flows, how it bends, how it feels," said Recht.
"Apparition is such a fascinating and amazingly innovative material to work with, any colour is theoretically possible."
Jerusalem-born Recht is often noted for their innovative – and sometimes controversial – use of materials. In the past, the designer has made use of blackbirds and stillborn lambs, leather made from dolphin skin, and even a slice of skin surgically removed from their own belly.
I write this letter to pastors with tears literally in my eyes. Charles Spurgeon once said, “Whenever God means to make a man great, They always break them in pieces first.”
As a member of INJOY Stewardship Solutions, I get to have personal one-on-one conversations with over 1,000 pastors each year. I have nothing but the utmost respect for those who stand in our pulpits each and every Sunday. There are several things I want to say to pastors as someone who sits in your church each week.
I respect your competence. You are smart and the world's best communicators. You have a supernatural ability to take a passage of biblical text and pull out the truths that bring us comfort and guide us toward right living.
You are smart and the world's best communicators. You have a supernatural ability to take a passage of biblical text and pull out the truths that bring us comfort and guide us toward right living. I respect your patience and kindness. You love us unconditionally in spite of our bad advise on how you should preach or lead the church.
You love us unconditionally in spite of our bad advise on how you should preach or lead the church. I respect your bravery. You do not shy away from tough passages which are not well-received in a politically correct culture.
You do not shy away from tough passages which are not well-received in a politically correct culture. I respect your diligence. There are countless hard choices you are forced to constantly make.
There are countless hard choices you are forced to constantly make. I respect your preparation. Every seven days you give us a fresh word from God.
Every seven days you give us a fresh word from God. I respect your family. You live in a fishbowl and have to appear perfect.
You live in a fishbowl and have to appear perfect. I respect your generosity. You love people so much you are willing to earn far below the level of your education so we can know God.
You love people so much you are willing to earn far below the level of your education so we can know God. I respect your compassion. Your knees are callused as a result of constantly praying for us.
Your knees are callused as a result of constantly praying for us. I respect your commitment to Jesus and Their mission. Because you love Him so much you answered the call to go into an incredibly unstable profession.
Because you love Him so much you answered the call to go into an incredibly unstable profession. I respect your vision. You see those in your church as what they could be, not just what they currently are.
You see those in your church as what they could be, not just what they currently are. I respect you for being by my side. Every significant moment of my life—salvation, baptism, wedding, hospitals, baby dedications, funerals. You were there.
Every significant moment of my life—salvation, baptism, wedding, hospitals, baby dedications, funerals. You were there. And I respect what no one sees. I respect the fact that you were broken to pieces by God. Personal Heartbreak. Sadness. Doubt. Disappointment. Devastation. Hurt Feelings. Sleepless Nights. Unspeakable Pain. You don't talk about this part of your journey much. But one of the main reasons God uses you so effectively is you have been broken to pieces for Their glory and our benefit and did not quit. You will finish this race.
And for this I say “Thank You.” And I and countless others will thank you every day for eternity because you were willing to pay a personal price others did not. And because you paid that price, I and others I love met Jesus.
You may not think anyone notices the price you paid. But this is not true. You are loved and respected. And I just want to say one more time to you and your spouse, “Thank You.”
How many players of League of Legends, Dota 2 and other esports game actively participate in competitive gaming? How long do they spend on their favorite games and how much money do they spend?
A new report from research outfit EEDAR seeks the answers to these questions. It defines an "esports participator" as a particular game player who has participated in a tournament or watched a tournament for that game in the past year. EEDAR surveyed more than 2,000 self-selecting gamers who have either played or watched an esports-related title within the past year.
MOBAs hold the crown with 69 percent of League of Legends players and 63 percent of Dota 2 players counted as "participators." Heroes of the Storm and Smite came in with 45 percent and 35 percent respectively.
"Esports viewers are an advertising goldmine."
Among shooters, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is highest with a participation rate of 55 percent followed by Call of Duty with 52 percent. On average, 57 percent of fighting games players — Super Smash Bros. and Street Fighter 4 — say they are participants.
The report - —called Esports Consumer Analysis White Paper — also looked at demographic information on fans and players of competitive games. Generally speaking, 64 percent of PC games players are men. But popular esports games skew toward men with Dota 2, League of Legends and CS:GO all showing fewer than 30 percent women players.
The average age for players of most esports titles is between 24 and 27 years of age. League of Legends has an average age of 26 while Dota 2 and Smite come in at 25. Call of Duty players are the oldest, at almost 27 on average.
Esports fans spend an average five hours a week playing League of Legends, followed by CS:GO (4.4 hours), Heroes of the Storm (4.0 hours), Call of Duty (3.9 hours) and Dota 2 (3.5 hours).
CS:GO players are the big spenders with esports participants dropping an average $6.16 each. League of Legends participants spend $2.63 followed by Dota 2 ($1.66) and Smite ($1.62).
Must Read Sexism in esports
EEDAR asked players why they enjoy watching esports. The biggest reason among MOBA fans was simply to view the world's best players (70 percent) followed by a desire to improve their own game (57 percent) with 55 percent saying they watch when they cannot play.
35 percent of esports shooter players have spent money on in-game items with 15 percent buying esports apparel and 12 percent purchasing branded peripherals.
"Esports is not a fad," said EEDAR vice president Patrick Walker in an interview with Polygon. "It has a bright, long-term future. There is strong, organic consumer interest in the content, growing infrastructure support, and a valuable consumer base to drive advertising revenue.
"Two recent major events, Activision creating an esports division and Sony creating a PlayStatoin Plus esports league, are evidence of the growing infrastructure support from industry heavy weights," they added. "Our report suggests esports viewers are an advertising goldmine. They are grouped of consumers that spend more money on many different types of good and services than general gamers. This is significant because we believe it will be the value of the esports consumer to advertisers will be one of the biggest factors that drives esports into the mainstream."
The full report is free, but it requires registration.
The top judge for England and Wales believes that U.K. law may need to be updated to account for blockchain-based smart contracts.
John Thomas, Baron Thomas of Cwmgiedd, serves as the Lord Chief Justice for England and Wales, and is effectively the most senior judge in whole of the U.K.
Late last month, in previously unreported comments, Thomas gave remarks during a lecture event held bi-annually by the U.K. Law Commission, an independent body that monitors legal developments in the country and recommend reform actions to the government.
What they said: Thomas' speech focused on legal reform in light of 21st century developments, advocating for actions to keep British law up to date with the digital economy.
During their remarks, Thomas commented on efforts by the European Commission – the executive arm of the European Union – to harmonize its rules with an increasingly digitized economy. They pointed to the bloc's work on digital currencies and blockchain, going on to suggest that the U.K. should pursue a similar agenda.
They told event attendees:
“Certainly, the European Commission takes the view that legislative change will be needed to deal with new forms of contract such as the blockchain and smart contracts. I have no doubt that we must consider whether our law (as it will then be) will need similar legislative updating.”
Why it matters: The past year has seen a number of instances in which smart contracts and blockchain-based signatures are given a degree of legal representation, seen more recently in U.S. states like Arizona and Vermont.
Most recently, the state of Delaware cleared legislation that recognizes business records that are tied to a distributed ledger system.
In their speech, Thomas notably questioned whether such a process should be left to judicial consideration – “developing the law in the traditional manner” – in the context of the digital age.
While they aren't actively pushing for changes to U.K. rules to account for the technology, their endorsement for a process that would consider such a move is a major one, given their position.
John Thomas image via Wikipedia
One of the core team members of the Pangu Jailbreak Team, a.k.a. windknown, has just posted a technical article explaining the security and vulnerability fixes in iOS 9.2 and iOS 9.2.1.
There are tons of technical details discussing on specific kernel exploits and race condition bug in iOS 9.2 that can be used to jailbreak the operating system, that you may wish to check out if interested. Worth mentioning is that at the end of the article, a specific note was made by the hacker, that:
“值得注意的是这个漏洞可以在iOS的沙盒内触发，因此在APP内就可以直接攻击内核，获取内核代码执行权限。建议用户尽快升级到最新版本，并且避免安装来历不明的APP。”
A rough translation: it is noteworthy that this vulnerability can be triggered in the iOS sandbox, so it can attack the kernel right from the app to obtain the kernel code execution permission. We recommend that users upgrade to the latest version as soon as possible, and avoid installing apps from unknown sources.
This invites speculations whether or not this is a hint to users should update their devices . But meanwhile, iOS hacker Luca Todesco (a.k.a @qwertyoruip) also tweeted to respond to windknown that iOS 9.2 and below are vulnerable to major kernel bug that leads to security loopholes to the device. Their suggestion is:
By the way I agree with @windknown 100% re. p0 bugs. Update to 9.2.1 if you don't care about jailbreak. Stick on 9.2 if you do. — qwertyoruiop (@qwertyoruiop) February 2, 2016
It appears to be clear that if you still want to jailbreak, stay with iOS 9.2 is a better choice. But if care about iOS security, update to the latest iOS 9.2.1. But what's your take to the statement from windknown and Luca? Let me know in the comments.
Source: Pangu Blog
THE Melbourne Victory camp is a visibly unhappy one at the moment, and that was blatantly obvious last Saturday at AAMI Park.
There was little evidence of its season being on the line against Newcastle Jets.
Under interim coach Jim Magilton, the team has been more organised on the pitch and trained with more intensity, so why hasn't that been reflected in the results?
Kevin Muscat is a Victory legend and there is little doubt he'll one day assume the coaching hot seat. But Victory's disastrous season casts a shadow over their influence, considering he's been the mainstay.
Muscat's two-year coaching contract was triggered the day they retired. Whether they will be ready to be senior coach at the end of it, for season 2013-14, is debatable.
The off-season appointment of Mehmet Durakovic strongly hinted that the board's perception at the time was that Muscat would be ready.
Victory chairperson Anthony Di Pietro, who has served on the board from the moment Muscat signed for the club in 2005, before the first A-League season, denied decisions had been made in Muscat's best interests.
"There's been such an aura about Kevin at this club over the years, sometimes it can be taken too far about what the influence or the decisions that are being made as to the background to those," Di Pietro said.
"I'd see Kevin as a coach of a club some day and wouldn't it be fantastic if some day they could be the head coach of Melbourne Victory? I think it's a long way off.
"All the reports we are getting is that the football department and the coaching structure is working well.
"He's got an appetite to learn and if it fits in with what the head coach wants, then we're happy with that."
Magilton and Muscat have forged a close bond - similar personalities and English club careers - and no doubt they have the Northern Irishman's full backing.
For a man yet to convince Victory fans they are the coach to take the club forward, would Magilton be better served having a new voice beside him?
Muscat naturally has closer bonds to certain players from their playing days. While players, managers and people associated with the club are loath to go on the record about Muscat, there is a perception this is causing issues at the club.
And the Herald Sun understands players have left the club for this reason, dating back to the club's inception.
This is one of the reasons why budding AFL coaches either join the media or assist at a rival club on retiring.
Muscat's personality, coupled with their status at the club, means they are more than an assistant. Their influence since Magilton replaced Durakovic has diminished, but with no football manager to speak of it is still immense.
To contextualise, assistant coaches seldom hold meetings with players' agents.
Muscat has the potential to make a terrific A-League coach. One of Victory's best performances this season was the 2-1 win against Newcastle in Muscat's sole match in charge.
Would they be better served continuing their apprenticeship elsewhere? Moving out of their Melbourne comfort zone and learning, say, under Ange Postecoglou in Brisbane or Graham Arnold at Central Coast?
Or better still going overseas like Tony Popovic, currently assistant coach at English club Crystal Palace.
"It's clear from the one game they coached and from their work in the coaching courses that they do have considerable talent to become a top-class coach," SBS analyst Craig Foster said.
"I'm extremely keen to see all the next generation of coaches given the very best opportunity to develop to international level as quickly as possible. Will that happen in the present scenario? I believe it could be vastly improved.
"I wish Jim Magilton all the best if they stay and I hope they do well. However, looking beyond that, the education, development and mentoring of Kevin Muscat is a critical issue for Australian football."
The players appear to be burdened by their presence.
Matthew Foschini and Adrian Leijer were both anointed Muscat successors of sorts - the former was handed the No.2 shirt and the latter the captaincy.
Only they can say whether it's been a burden, but they have adopted some of Muscat's less desirable traits, Foschini with some wayward tackling and Leijer with backchat to referees, and it suits neither.
No matter which way you look at it, Muscat's shadow hovers over the club. Whether it's a help or hindrance is for the board, and possibly Muscat, to decide.
Originally published as Is it time for Kevin to go?
Following its debut last November, architecture database and networking site Architizer is doing as an American pioneer should and sallying forth to the West Coast. Launching tomorrow in Los Angeles with a bash at the A+D Museum, Architizer is spreading its design/build web over contemporary architecture projects from sea to shining sea. We checked in with the crew and had them curate a selection of LA's best architecture to mark the launch; ogle their ten picks after the jump.
Helios House by Office dA, Johnston Marklee, BIG — “To reinvent the gas station as an ecologically sensitive installation, the architects used evocative ecology to design the form. The project is at once a billboard and a responsible actor in the quest for more sustainable architecture.”
Formosa 1140 by Lorcan O'Hirlihy Architects — “Located in the heart of Los Angeles, this new eleven-unit housing project emphasizes the central importance of shared open space for the residents and the community. ”
Angel's Edge by Brian Messana — “The genius of this house is to get out of the way. As a visitor approaches all they see is the Pacific Ocean as the house is designed as an extension of the horizon.”
Habitat 15 (Detroit Street Housing) by Predock_Frane Architects — “The project is deceptively simple: the animated facade hints at an interior of multi-story interlocking and spatially dynamic volumes.”
Jamie Residence by Escher GuneWardena Architecture — “The clarity and simplicity of this ranch house that hovers over the hills of Pasadena are breathtaking.”
Domaine LA by Della Valle Bernheimer — “Wine store. Wine glass. Wine lights! Why not? This recently completed wine store on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles uses 48 spun aluminum hemispheres to light the center of the room. Their shape and color is reminiscent of a field of full wine glasses.”
Rosa Muerta by RSd – “Not only is this vacation house brilliantly designed, from its mirrored surfaces to its heart shaped breeze block, it is for rent! The architects built it as a rental property without a client.”
Twin Houses – Akron by Predock_Frane Architects — “What's better than one house in the Pacific Palisades? Two! This set of conjoined twins creates spectacular spaces through their combination.”
TERRABANK by Fletcher Studio Landscape Architecture + Urban Design – “What's more LA than freeways? We love the way this project re-imagines the freeway embankment as a habitable space.”
Family Room at the J. Paul Getty Museum by Predock_Frane Architects
The fellas also heartily encourage any interested parties located in Southern California to attend the launch party tomorrow evening, Thursday March 18. RSVP to rsvp@architizer.com.
AutoGuide.com
BMW and Toyota are jointly producing a new sports car, but contrary to popular belief, the BMW model will not be called the Z5.
Details about the sports cars are as scarce as honest politicians, which is why internet speculation about these two models has been rampant for years. Automotive journalists (including us) have been reporting that these cars would be called Z5 and Supra, respectively. But that is dead wrong, at least for the Bavarian half of this partnership.
“There's no such thing,” said BMW Americas boss Ludwig Willisch during an interview with AutoGuide.com. If anyone's familiar with the top-secret sports car project, it's him.
Tempering any fears that this highly anticipated duet of vehicles has been canceled, they clarified, “There will be a sports car, yes, but it's not going to be a Z5. That's something that someone else has made up.”
When pressed for details Willisch said, “It will be called Z… probably 4.” Of course, the last roadster BMW built carried the same name, but the Z4 unceremoniously went out of production around the middle of 2016.
SEE ALSO: BMW Z4 Production Ends
During its multi-year production run, this roadster offered a range of engines including a base turbocharged four-cylinder as well as an upmarket inline-six that also benefited from exhaust-driven forced induction.
Is a straight-six going to find its way under the hood of BMW's upcoming “Z probably 4”? Willisch said, “I would call it a Z4 [and] that's no indication of the number of cylinders.” That sounds like a confirmation that an inline six will at least be on the menu for this upcoming machine.
As for hybridization or all-wheel drive, things are a bit murkier. Willisch noted a partially electrified drivetrain might benefit a modern sports car, but they said, “not so much,” for the availability of four-corner traction. Hybridization is Toyota's area of expertise. One element of their corporate tie-up is they share electric secrets with BMW while the Munich-based firm delivers diesel engines to them.
Another element of the next-generation Z4 that's also unclear is whether a manual gearbox will be available. BMW may offer more standard transmissions than anyone else, but the future of driving with three pedals is murky.
SEE ALSO: BMW Z5 Spy Photos
Even for the brand that prides itself on building Ultimate Driving Machines, the take rate for manuals in America is, at best, in the single digits. “Even a lot of people say… ‘That's great, you still have them,' ” said Willisch. “But you ask them, ‘What do you drive?' [and they say] ‘Well, I have an automatic.' ”
Not even BMW is immune to market forces; they can't send out loads of cars equipped with manual transmissions that will sit on dealer lots for months on end. “If the customers don't want it, we don't have to offer it,” said Willisch, which is a painful truth. We sincerely hope plenty of drivers will want to row their own gears in the upcoming “Z probably 4.”
Discuss this story on our BMW Forum
Father of Boy Killed By Illegal Immigrant: Steinle Jury Full of 'Left-Wing Nutjobs'
Bongino: GOP 'Damn Well Better' Finish Tax Reform 'Or This Party's Toast'
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said on Fox & Friends Saturday that "we're going to see some justice" for the family of Kate Steinle.
Illegal immigrant and five-time deportee Jose Ines Garcia Zarate was acquitted of murder and only convicted on a lesser firearms violation in the case in San Francisco Thursday. They had been charged with shooting and killing Steinle as they walked along a San Francisco pier with their father.
"We still have the greatest justice system in the world," Bondi, a Republican, said, adding that in the case of Zarate, it failed.
"He's not going to get off easy now that the federal authorities have him," they said.
Bondi said there is no double jeopardy provision in federal court versus state court.
Therefore, they said, Zarate could be charged with the firearm violation as well as violating their supervised release.
Bondi said those charges could lead to more than a decade behind bars, after which Zarate would be sent to California to serve their initial three years.
Zarate would then be deported back to Mexico, they said.
Watch more above.
Sheriff Clarke: Build The Wall or Illegal Immigrant Felons 'Will Keep Coming Back'
Kate Steinle's Accused Killer Found Not Guilty of Murder
Share. A lot of classic elements return, in some very different ways. A lot of classic elements return, in some very different ways.
It's already clear that Saints Row IV is going to be wildly different from any game in the series to date. The gang's leader has become the president. You have superpowers and exist in a Matrix-like simulation. There are aliens.
While some hardcore fans of the franchise may argue that SR4 is “jumping the shark,” the game still feels like an appropriate addition to the Saints Row lineup, with its crass humor and over-the-top action. This isn't some reskin of The Third that players will immediately feel at home in – the developers have tweaked, changed, added and removed a TON of content since the last installment, and it makes for an experience that feels both familiar and totally new.
Exit Theatre Mode
Customization is King
A staple of the Saints Row franchise has always been its deeply customizable game worlds and character creation systems. Players can craft perfect replicas of themselves, or go full-on Dr. Frankenstein and create a hideous abomination with which to terrorize the citizens of Steelport.
The customization features in Saints Row IV are no different, and introduce new options to truly let your imagination run wild. Want to wreak havoc with Han Solo's signature blaster? Go ahead. Or maybe you'd prefer dual-wielding nail guns as you escape the cops – the choice is yours. While the weapons you can equip all have the same basic classifications (Heavy Pistol, Light SMG, etc) and upgradable stats, each weapon category comes with several different skins and variations for you to choose from (So far our favorites around the office have been Mal Reynolds' sci-fi revolver and the Colonial Marine pulse rifle).
Unfortunately, the nature of the game demands that certain aspects of the previous customization systems be removed (we can't say too much without spoiling anything, but know that it does make sense within the game), and so players are no longer able to customize their hideouts, cribs and safe houses - which is a shame, considering it would be great fun to put stripper poles all over The White House.
More Challenging Gameplay
Many of the activities from Saints Row: The Third return for this sequel, including fan-favorites like Tank Mayhem and Insurance Fraud, but in this iteration players will find that the activities are far more challenging. For example, when ragdolling around in SR3's Insurance Fraud minigame, the average score needed to pass the activity on its hardest difficulty was $450,000. Now, with the addition of superpowers that allow you to hurl yourself into buildings at super-sonic speeds, the lowest score needed to pass the challenge on easy is a whopping $300,000 – which means you'll need to practice flinging yourself across Steelport for a while before completing all three tiers (bronze, sliver and gold - also a new addition) of all the different activities.
Exit Theatre Mode
Steelport 2.0 is a Vertical City
Saints Row: The Third did a fantastic job of improving on aerial combat with it's addition of the VTOL hover-jets and futuristic rocket cycles. While the previous games had helicopters and planes you could fly, SR3 made it much easier to drop yourself off on top of a skyscraper and do some naked base-jumping to get back to street level. That being said, the majority of the game was spent on the ground, both on foot and in vehicles. With the addition of powers like speed running up walls or super jumping tall buildings in a single bound (literally), Steelport becomes a concrete jungle gym for your character to explore every inch of, be it at street level or atop towering skyscrapers. It also means that new gameplay types are opened up, so it should come as no surprise that...
It Has Platforming.
One of the new additions to the activity roster is a challenging climb to the top of a tower - similar to Assassin's Creed's viewpoints or Far Cry 3's radio towers. While one might not immediately associate a game like Saints Row, the new powers of super-speed and (almost) flight make it a less jarring addition than you might expect. Jumping and wall-running your way to the top of these structures is not only satisfying and fun, but also helps you take over more of the city and upgrade your superpowers so you can jump higher, run faster, and nut-punch aliens further into space.
Exit Theatre Mode
No Respect
In former Saints Row titles, you needed to gain the respect of your crew and the people of your city before you could tackle more of the game's story missions. While this mechanic is still present, ‘Respect' is now simply referred to as ‘XP.' While some may say it's better to call a horse, the lack of an actual Respect-O-Meter makes SR IV feel somewhat less ‘Saints Row'-ey.
No More Factions
Another franchise element that isn't making a reappearance in Saints Row IV are the multiple factions you've had to face off against in previous titles. Instead of being embroiled in turf wars with three rival gangs, the Saints now face only one enemy. You'll still have to complete missions and activities to wrestle territories out of enemy hands, but gone are the three-way battle-royales of the past titles in the series.
Exit Theatre Mode
Downloadable Cars
The fact that Saints Row IV takes place almost entirely within a computer simulation allows players to take advantage of some shortcuts that will undoubtedly make their lives easier – the most notable of which is the ability to instantly save any vehicle you're in for later use. Instead of sneaking into a military base, hijacking a tank, and racking up millions in property damage while you transport it back to your hideout; you can now hop in the driver's seat and “upload” the vehicle to your virtual garage, then “download” it later to wherever you happen to be on the map. It's a handy feature that will truly allow players to get the most out of their time in Steelport 2.0.
Music Anywhere
Similar to the ability to download cars, the fact that your character exists within a computer program means that the radio stations that play in your car doesn't have to stay in your car. It actually harkens back to a mechanic found in the original Saints Row, where you had an MP3 player that let the music keep playing after you'd exited your vehicle. You'd be surprised at how satisfying it is to fight aliens, blow up police cars, and generally wreak havoc while listening to Haddaway's "What is Love."
Exit Theatre Mode
Collectibles Are Key
While entries in the series included collectible items, there is a much greater (and necessary) focus on it in Saints Row IV. Instead of finding stashes of drugs or laundered money in exchange for quick cash, collectibles now range from data clusters that will upgrade your superpowers to BioShock-esque audio logs that give you a deeper look into the universe that Volition has created within the game. With over 1,200 items to find, players can expect to spend as much time collecting items as they will kill aliens.
Cranking it to 11
Saints Row has always been synonymous with “insanity”. Whether it was using a septic truck to cover a city block in sewage in SR2 or participating in Professor Ghenki's Ethical Reality Climax in The Third, the ridiculous activities and side missions have become expected for any entry in the franchise – and Saint's Row IV doesn't disappoint. The optional activities found in SR4 take the fan favorites of previous titles (though sadly Septic Avenger hasn't appeared in the last two games) and cranks them up to 11. Mayhem, where players earn cash and experience for destroying as much of the surrounding area as possible, now puts you in the cockpit of UFOs, hover tanks and warrior mechs. Prof. Ghenki makes a return, only instead of navigating their torturous mazes you now use telekinesis to catapult cars, tanks, and innocent civilians through specific targets. The new variations on old game modes take what players loved about the original versions and, as has become tradition for the Saints Row series, makes them more ridiculous, more challenging, and most importantly, more fun.
Jon Ryan plays games for IGN and helps to build wikis. You should probably follow them on Twitter @USofJR and IGN at JonRyan-IGN
Irma is not just another hurricane – it is a history making storm that is going to cause up to a quarter of a trillion dollars in damage once it makes landfall in the United States. In fact, Miami Beach Mayor Philip Levine used the term “nuclear hurricane” to describe this storm to the media. I would never use that term personally, but I am in agreement that it would be exceedingly difficult to overstate the danger that this storm represents. According to the National Hurricane Center, Irma has been a category 5 storm for more than 50 hours, and that is already one of the longest stretches on record.
Of course if you were to extrapolate the Saffir-Simpson scale, Irma would have been considered a category 6 storm when it had sustained winds of 185 miles per hour. This is a point that I made in my article entitled “Hurricane Irma: If There Was Such A Thing As A Category 6 Hurricane, This Would Be It”.
And just a day later, MSNBC published an article with a suspiciously similar headline: “If there were a category 6 hurricane, Irma would be it”.
So will the rest of the mainstream media attack MSNBC for saying the exact same thing that I did?
Of course not.
And will the mainstream media attack Miami Beach Mayor Philip Levine for calling Irma “a nuclear hurricane”?…
“We have talked to people in your city who say, ‘We ain't going,'” CBS4's Hank Tester told Levine. “I hate to hear that. I'll do anything in my power to convince them this is a very serious storm. This is a nuclear hurricane. They should leave the beach, they must leave the beach,” they said.
Of course not.
I am certainly not criticizing Levine. Once again, it is not terminology that I would have used, but if it helps get more people to safety that is a good thing.
Just look at what has happened to Barbuda. According to Antigua Prime Minister Gaston Browne, 95 percent of the buildings on Barbuda have been damaged or destroyed…
“As it stands, Barbuda is practically uninhabitable,” Antigua Prime Minister Gaston Browne told Antigua/Barbuda Broadcasting Services. They added that the destruction on the island, which is home to about 1,800 people was “heart-wrenching” and most of it is now completely underwater. “A significant number of the houses have been totally destroyed,” their chief of staff Lionel Hurst said. At least one of the eight deaths caused by Irma was confirmed on the island of Barbuda. Originally, Browne's optimistic Facebook post claimed that Barbuda and Antigua had both stood up to Irma's wrath. Antigua, which is home to around 80,000 people was not hit nearly as hard as Barbuda. “It is clear that Antigua and Barbuda has stood up to a mighty test,” they wrote in the statement posted to Facebook. But they revised their opinion after taking a helicopter ride to survey the damage to Barbuda, which is just 30 miles north of Antigua. “I never contemplated any possibility that you could have such a contrast,” they said of the relative destruction. Browne also said that 95% of the buildings on Barbuda were damaged and 30% percent of the buildings on the island completely demolished when the core of the Category 5 hurricane crossed almost directly over the island early Wednesday. “Barbuda now is literally rubble,” Browne said.
And Browne put an exclamation point on things when they told Anderson Cooper the following…
“I have never seen any such destruction on a per capita basis compared to what I saw in Barbuda this afternoon,” Browne told CNN's Anderson Cooper.
Could we see similar devastation in our country?
We shall see. Right now, millions are holding their breath as they wait to see where Irma will go. According to the Washington Post there are a couple of key factors that meteorologists are watching…
The first is a ridge of high pressure over the Atlantic, dubbed the “Bermuda High.” This system, around which winds flow clockwise, acts as a guardrail to Irma, shunting it farther south and west like a pinball, and preventing it from heading out to sea. The stronger the ridge, the greater the probability that its westward movement will continue. The second is what's known as an upper-level shortwave trough. This is a zone of low pressure spinning away over the southern Tennessee Valley within a dip in the jet stream, that spins counterclockwise. This will eventually capture Irma into its overall circulation, but the strength and forward speed of that feature will determine Irma's propensity to move inland.
But of course authorities can't wait until the last minute, and coastal communities are already being evacuated. And we are not just talking about Florida. Earlier today, we learned that an evacuation order had been issued for Savannah, Georgia…
Georgia's governor has ordered a mandatory evacuation starting on Saturday from the state's Atlantic coast ahead of Hurricane Irma. That includes the city of Savannah, home to nearly 150,000 people. Gov. Nathan Deal issued the evacuation Thursday for all areas east of Interstate 95, all of Chatham County and some areas west of the interstate. They also expanded a state of emergency to 30 counties.
Down in Florida, the clock is ticking for those that would still like to get out. There is extremely heavy traffic on the major highways, and many gas stations down in Florida have already completely run out of gasoline…
Several gas stations in Florida ran out of gas Thursday as Hurricane Irma approached the state. Supplies fell as people heeded evacuation orders for some southern parts of the state. Last week, Hurricane Harvey crippled oil refineries in Texas, creating shortages even before Irma made landfall in the Caribbean.
As I have been saying all along, you don't want to be there when this storm makes landfall.
There are going to be some people that figure that since they were able to “ride out” other hurricanes that they will be able to do the same thing with Irma.
Those that choose to do that will be making a tragic mistake, and it may cost some of them their lives.
Michael Snyder is a Republican candidate for Congress in Idaho's First Congressional District, and you can learn how you can get involved in the campaign on their official website. Their new book entitled “Living A Life That Really Matters” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.
Peter MacKay had been a Crown prosecutor for four years when, at the age of 31, they first ran for Parliament.
Their father, Elmer MacKay, had been a minister in the Brian Mulroney government. Though now remembered mostly for their involvement in Mulroney's tangled dealings with Karlheinz Schreiber, it was also they who gave up their seat as MP for Central Nova, Nova Scotia, so that Mulroney could run in a by-election — the seat that would eventually become their son's. For this service Mulroney rewarded them with responsibility for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency (ACOA), which position they used to grease much of the East Coast with public cash.
The younger MacKay arrived in Parliament just as the Progressive Conservative party, still reeling from the debacle of the 1993 election, was falling to bits under the uncertain leadership of the reborn (“I have come back to make the country whole”) Joe Clark. On Clark's departure, MacKay ran for leader against a crew that included Jim Prentice, last seen leading the Alberta Progressive Conservatives off a cliff; Craig Chandler, a social conservative of almost cartoonish primitivism; David Orchard, a fanatical anti-free trader who hoped, with the aid of their glint-eyed followers, to turn the party into their personal cult; and Scott Brison, now a Liberal.
MacKay won, on the strength of their good looks, minor dynastic claims, and a written agreement, signed mid-convention in return for Orchard's support, that there would be no merger with the Canadian Alliance, the last remnant of the old Reform Party. Installed as leader, they promptly negotiated a merger with Stephen Harper, who had won their own party's leadership, it is often forgotten, on the equivalent pledge (“The Canadian Alliance is here to stay”).
Harper made them their first foreign affairs minister, an appointment that caused great puzzlement in Ottawa, though not nearly as much as in other capitals, where the notion that the foreign minister should be something other than a placeholder for the prime minister still holds. More importantly, they were given responsibility for ACOA, their father's old firm, in which they carried on the family tradition with alacrity.
After 18 unmemorable months at Foreign Affairs, they replaced Gordon O'Connor at National Defence, where they oversaw a string of procurement bungles culminating in the F-35, whose costs the government understated by a factor of five, staving off Parliament's demands for the real figures just long enough to win re-election.
Then it was off to Justice, where they were responsible for shepherding a number of bills through Parliament that seemed almost designed to be found unconstitutional, even as Justice department lawyers were losing case after case at the Supreme Court.
Other than that, there isn't a great deal to say.  They are remembered at Defence chiefly for having ordered a military search-and-rescue helicopter to pick them up from a private fishing trip. They were fool enough to attach themselves romantically to Belinda Stronach, then a Conservative MP, who ditched both them and the party to become the minister of complex files in Paul Martin's flop-sweat of a government, after which they made themselves available for the cameras, posing forlornly with their neighbour's dog.
They like to play rugby. They were voted “sexiest MP” several times. After they married in 2011, a Maclean's writer sniffed that “the impression of stability in their personal life” would help their political aspirations, as “his romantic travails have at times left the impression of a man suspended in perpetual bachelorhood.”
Even so they profited greatly from the benefit of the doubt. As a PC from Atlantic Canada, they were always assumed, without a lot of evidence one way or the other, to represent the moderate middle, which is to say the status quo, which is to say no serious threat to change anything, and in this country that always wins you points.
Their career at the top of Canadian politics tells us more about the state of Canadian politics than anything else. That such a palpable cipher could have remained in high office for nearly a decade is a testament to many things: the thinness of the Tory front bench, the decline of cabinet, the prime minister's cynicism, the media's readiness to go along with the joke. The one thing it does not signify is their importance. They had all of the titles, but little influence, and less achievement. That they have now discovered a desire to spend more time with their family rather than run for re-election (though earlier this year they had insisted they had filed their nomination papers) may be a sign they are anticipating defeat, or that they are anticipating a patronage post — as ambassador to the United States, perhaps, or as a judge — or even that they are anticipating a future leadership run. It is not much more than that.
The notion being put about that MacKay was some sort of tempering influence on Harper, or that without them — pillar of an Atlantic caucus that is about to be wiped out, leader of the half dozen-strong Progressive Conservative wing of the party — the party's chances in the next election are appreciably diminished, is the triumph of journalism's relentless search for significance, even where none exists. It is Harper's party now? It has always been Harper's party — though in fairness it is a party that now stands for just about the same things MacKay does, so far as anyone can tell.
It seems unlikely that history will record this as the end of “the MacKay era.” It is difficult to speak of a MacKay legacy, or MacKayism, at least with a straight face. Indeed, it is difficult to recall much about them even now. Though not gone, they are forgotten. We shall look upon theirs like again.
National Post
Take Action! Contact your MP ahead of the debate on 6th/7th using either the templates from Abortion Rights or FPA to urge them to oppose these amendments.
A supporter recently got in touch with us to share their story of having an abortion at a BPAS clinic, and how much their own experience challenged the narrative behind current proposals put forward by Nadine Dorries MP to amend the law to ban abortion providers from offering counselling, instead handing this responsibility over to ‘independent' groups that could be anti-choice. What follows nicely illustrates why the proposals should be opposed.
I find Nadine Dorries MP's proposal abhorrent for many reasons; prolonging the abortion process and seemingly damning those women going through it by enforcing ‘pro-life' (anti-choice) counselling are just some of these. In 2006 I experienced an NHS abortion and want to applaud the way it was dealt with. I'm not speaking from the point of view of someone whose ‘friend of a friend has gone through it' or someone who ‘has always been prepared to make that choice if I had to', but someone who has made the choice and lived with the consequences.
Nadine Dorries said in a Guardian article ‘The abortion process is so fast – seven to 14 days. Women who do have doubts or niggles are on the other side before they have a chance to think it through. The majority may feel it's fine but there are a growing number thinking it wasn't what I wanted to do. As it gets faster and faster more women are falling off the edge. This is a women's rights issue.' This ‘fast' abortion process of 7-14 days is not an average fortnight; it is the longest 7-14 days of your life. I don't remember exactly how long I had to wait for the procedure; looking back it felt more like 6 weeks as the days blended together. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, I still had to experience symptoms of pregnancy – a reminder every single morning that ‘society hates you' and that you're a ‘bad person', or so these anti-choice campaigners would have you believe. My body continued to physically change due to the pregnancy. And all the while I was aware that I was never going to see it through.
By the time a woman has been to their GP to discuss the termination they have already battled this decision. They have fought their own personal demons and is aware of the implications the abortion will have on their body (e.g. it's not over the second you leave the clinic), how they are viewed by friends and family, and how they will be viewed by wider society. If they are already aware that this is simply a collection of cells being removed through a relatively minor surgical procedure that's great, but in so many cases this will be a person who's grown up being told it's wrong, evil, hateful. I personally was raised Catholic so you can imagine the fun I had!
At every turn I was given the option to change my mind. I went to the initial appointment/examination with my mother but was also seen privately by the nurse to ensure I hadn't been pushed into it and had considered the idea of continuing the pregnancy. I was told about help in the community and financial aid that I would be able to access should I choose this path. No one gleefully rubbed their hands together at the prospect of ‘all the money' I was bringing in by having a termination.
At the BPAS clinic where I had the procedure I was again given every opportunity to escape. There was some mix-up where I needed my bag back in the changing room before the procedure; the nurse who brought me my bag eagerly asked if I'd changed my mind. While this hurt a lot (I felt I was disappointing yet another person) it showed that even up to being anaesthetised I had the opportunity to change my mind.
Both before and after the abortion I was advised about and offered counselling by my GP. I chose not to accept post-abortion counselling at this time, but later sought this while studying at University. While this was not NHS counselling, it was still impartial and what I needed. Had I received biased anti-choice counselling at this point things would have gone very badly.
I want to stand up and scream and shout for women's rights; the right to choose; to make people have more empathy for the woman and more understanding of the unenviable decision they have to make.
I don't know if my story will help, but I can't sit by and watch them do this to the many women who will have to make this decision in the future.
Take Action! Contact your MP ahead of the debate on 5th/6th using either the templates from Abortion Rights or FPA to urge them to oppose these amendments.
Notes
For further comment or information, please contact Andrew Copson on 020 7079 3583.
Read the Health and Social Care Bill amendments tabled by Nadine Dorries.
Read the BHA's briefing to MPs on the amendments.
Read more about the BHA's campaigns work on abortion.
The British Humanist Association is the national charity working on behalf of ethically concerned, non-religious people in the UK. It is the largest organisation in the UK campaigning for an end to religious privilege and to discrimination based on religion or belief, and for a secular state.
Addressing the United Nations Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva on March 14, Ananthi Sasitharan said: “We request this assembly calls for an international investigation on genocide, and as an immediate step, to come out with a mechanism to stop the ongoing genocide of Eelam Tamils.”
The Tamil ethnic minority in Sri Lanka is largely based on the island's north and east. With Tamils facing discrimination and violent pogroms, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam waged a decades-long armed struggle for an independent state.
It was defeated in 2009 by the Sri Lankan Army, which was accused of widespread war crimes.
Sasitharan was elected to Sri Lanka's Northern Provincial Council as a representative of the Tamil National Alliance. They said they were “disappointed” with the draft resolution on Sri Lanka put forward by the US.
They said that the resolution does not address the main problems facing Tamils. “The root problem is the 60-year-old genocide against our people,” they said. “This genocide is still going on without a war. We call it structural genocide.”
On March 10, there was a demonstration in Geneva by 10,000 Tamils demanding an international investigation of genocide and a United Nations-conducted plebiscite enabling Tamils to vote on independence for their homeland, Tamil Eelam.
The US-sponsored resolution calls on the Sri Lankan government to “conduct an independent and credible investigation into allegations of violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law”.
Since the Sri Lankan state is the main perpetrator of human rights violations in Sri Lanka, this is a call for the government to investigate itself.
The draft resolution mentions a recommendation made by Navi Pillay, the UN's High Commissioner for Human Rights, that there should be an international investigation “in the absence of a credible national process with tangible results”.
However, the resolution contains no commitment to establish such an investigation.
The draft resolution expresses “serious concern at the continuing reports of violations of human rights in Sri Lanka, including sexual and gender-based violence, enforced disappearances, extrajudicial killings, torture and violations of the rights to freedom of expression, association and peaceful assembly”.
It expresses alarm at “the rapid rise in violence and discrimination on the basis of religion or belief, particularly against members of religious minority groups in Sri Lanka, including Hindus, Muslims and Christians”.
However, the resolution makes no mention of the oppression of the Tamil people. This is bizarre, given that discrimination and repression against the Tamils led to a three decades-long war for an independent Tamil homeland.
Since 2009, Tamil areas have been under military occupation. This is the source of most of the human rights violations that the resolution condemns.
The draft resolution talks of Sri Lanka as a “unified land”, implying opposition to the right of the Tamils to national self-determination.
However, it does call on the Sri Lankan government to “fulfil its public commitments, including on the devolution of authority”.
This is a reference to the central government's bid to starve the elected Northern Provincial Council of resources and disregard its decisions. The resolution urges the government to “provide the Northern Provincial Council and its Chief Minister with the resources and authority necessary to govern”.
The US government, while rejecting the right of the Tamils to self-determination, appears to believe the Sri Lankan government should make some concessions to the Tamils, such as allowing the Northern Provincial Council, the representative body for the predominantly Tamil north of the island, to function properly.
The US may have an ulterior motive. Tamara Kunanayakam, the former Sri Lankan permanent representative at the United Nations, said the US would like to establish a military base in Sri Lanka. They said the US is using the issue of human rights as a pretext to pressure the Sri Lankan government to agree.
Kunanayakam has said Sri Lanka needs an “internal democratic transformation” to deprive the US of an excuse for pressuring Sri Lanka, and perhaps eventually imposing sanctions.
This would have to include giving equal rights to ethnic and religious minorities. They say: “We need to find a solution that accords equal status to the minorities and ensure democratic transformation. We must eliminate privileges for a single group to create such equality.”
However the government of President Mahinda Rajapaksa, which promotes chauvinism among the Sinhalese ethnic majority as a tool to win mass support, seems unlikely to agree to any such “democratic transformation”.
RANCHI: A woman was leading the attack on security personnel at Karmatiya forest in Latehar that killed 11 CRPF jawans. Two Maoists were also killed in return fire on Monday and 16 security personnel were injured. The Maoists on Tuesday killed two civilians taking the death toll to 15. Combing operation was intensified following the second attack.The two civilians were killed and one critically injured when bombs exploded on Tuesday afternoon during search for more bodies inside the forest, said Latehar SP Kranti Kumar Garhdeshi. The Maoists had planted the bombs inside the dead bodies, which were ripped to pieces the moment the search team tried to recover them. The Latehar SP said the civilians were killed while they were accompanying police personnel.“A woman was leading the heavily armed rebel squad and caused maximum damage to the security forces,” said Manoj Kumar, an injured jawan of Jharkhand Jaguar.Kumar, who was airlifted from Daltonganj hospital and shifted to Apollo Hospital in Ranchi on Tuesday morning, added that the woman rebel fought for over five hours till they were hit by bullets. “She sustained bullet injuries and cried for help,” they added. Other jawans also confirmed that they heard a female voice screaming instructions to other cadres.Around 300 CRPF and Jharkhand Jaguar jawans treaded deep into the Karmatiya jungles, about 250km from Ranchi as part of a combing operation when Maoists started indiscriminate firing from tree tops and hills.The jawans' little knowledge of the terrain put them in a disadvantageous position and they had to take cover behind trees, which proved fatal. The Maoists, who acted according to strategy, were sitting camouflaged on tree tops and caught the jawans unawares.The advanced under-barrel grenade launcher, which fires ammunition common to the multi-grenade launcher, could not help the jawans much as several groups of the rebels were operating from beyond its range. “We also used rocket launchers which could do no harm to the rebels as they were on a low range,” said a jawan, who did not wish to be named. “The rocket launchers blasted beneath the hills instead of going straight to the target,” another jawan said.The casualties would have been many times higher but the bullet-proof jackets, which the jawans were wearing, left many with minor injuries.The jawans said there was only one narrow path that cut through the forest to end near a row of hills occupied by the Maoists. “The Maoists did not react until over 200 jawans entered into the plains full of trees. Suddenly the rebels, led by a woman Maoist, positioned atop the hills started raining bullets on us,” said Manoj Kumar, who was hit by two bullets on their right rib.Subodh Saw of CRPF 134 battalion said utter confusion was created within the jawans as many of the rebels were dressed like CRPF and Jharkhand Jaguar commandos. One company of CRPF 134 battalion was moving in the front. A company of Jharkhand Jaguar was in the middle and a group of CRPF 112 battalion was at the back.CRPF DIG B K Sharma, who was supervising the operation, said minute details of the operation and the faults would be obtained after the jawans are interviewed post-treatment.Over 600 Maoists, led by senior leaders, were present in the Latehar jungles and around 30 of them have been injured. CPI (Maoists) core committee member Arvindji was the leader behind the attacks, said police sources.
The San Jose Sharks have been successful over the years finding defenders late in the draft or as unrestricted free agents. Current Sharks Dylan DeMelo and Justin Braun were both found late in the draft. Former Sharks Matt Irwin and Matt Tennyson both saw time with the club before moving on to roles with other teams.
And ahead of the 2016-17 season, Wilson again looks to have found a defensive prospect. Wilson reached back to their former junior club, the OHL's Ottawa 67's, and found a bruising young defender in Jacob Middleton.
Kings Pick to Barracuda Regular
Originally an eighth overall pick by the Owen Sound Attack in the 2012 OHL priority draft, Middleton was shipped to the 67's during their rookie year. Over the next three and a half years in Ottawa, they did not put up gaudy offensive statistics (86 points in 226 OHL contests) but developed a sound defensive game.
Middleton, 20, was originally a Los Angeles Kings draft pick as the Sharks southern rival selected the 6'3, 212-pound rearguard with the final pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. So why is Middleton now with the San Jose Barracuda and not a few hundred miles south?
“No reason really, besides the fact there wasn't a National League contract on the table. Just kind of weighed things out and saw a lot of opportunities here in San Jose. Can't be more grateful than I already am for that chance I got here now,” said Middleton.
They were a guy that had to wait their turn. The first ten games they didn't play much, they just practiced and got better that way. He's turned out to be a big part of our success this year. Barracuda head coach Roy Sommer on Jacob Middleton
Middleton was a free agent when they received an invite to the Sharks development and rookie camps. The rest, as they say, is history.
“I got an invite to the development camp, and I really enjoyed all the development camp staff,” said Middleton of their summer in San Jose before being offered a contract. “[Mike] Ricci and [Brian] Marchment, the whole coaching staff everyone was a pleasure to be around and made the decision easy come training camp when I got the offer.”
Defense First Mentality
When asked what they consider the hallmark of their game, there was no delay in theirs answer.
“Probably my defensive play. Keeping close gaps, staying strong, being aggressive and those kinds of things, said the native of Wainwright, Alberta. “‘Mouge' (Barracuda assistant coach Ryan Mougenel), Coach Sommer, the whole development staff they've been great bringing my defense to another level.”
Despite difficulty getting into the Barracuda line-up in the early going, Middleton has cemented a role with San Jose's top affiliate club. Since Dec. 10, they have skated in 27 of 33 games, and outside of a three-game injury stint, he's been part of the lineup since the start of 2017. On a team of skilled defenders, Middleton is a throwback. They have six assists in their rookie campaign, but that is not what the Barracuda look for from the big left-handed defender.
“He's a classic defensive defenseman. They end plays in our end, the other team comes in, and they don't get a cycle or any kind of motion,” said head coach Roy Sommer of the 20-year-old defender. “Then they get the puck. It's on their stick then off their stick and up to the forward. They don't spend a lot of time in their end.
“He's kind of like a Paul Martin,” Sommer continued. “He plays that similar style. He's hard to play against. They go into the corner, and you know you went into the corner with him.”
Jacob Middleton: Versatile Addition
Middleton has also played up and down the pairings, skating at times with veteran Dan Kelly, Julius Bergman, and Joakim Ryan as other Barracuda defenders have been up with the Sharks. While locking down a spot in the line-up, the work is ongoing, as it always is in the American Hockey League.
“I have to work on my footwork a lot. The play is back and forth, and our forwards are so fast and so quick. One of the main things I try to do especially not being as offensive as some of the other defensemen, is getting that puck in the forwards hands as quick as you can. You know once they get it, the magic is going to come and start happening. So if we can get the puck to them quick and get [the forwards] working in the offensive zone where they want to be, good things will happen, like they have been.”
The skilled forward group in San Jose helps keep the defensive pressure off as well.
“When you're playing on the offensive blueline as opposed to your goal line, it's a lot more fun and a lot easier.”
Stepping from the OHL to the AHL
So what has been the difference between their big minutes for Ottawa in the OHL and their time with the Barracuda? Everything Middleton says.
“Everything, it's night and day,” When asked of what he's noticed jumping up to the AHL. “Everyone's bigger; everyone's faster, everyone thinks quicker. The OHL is a great development league, but you never know what you're getting into until you can get those first few [AHL] games in. It's been a big step, but I'm looking to keep going with it. ”
With the Barracuda firmly in a playoff spot in the AHL's Pacific Division, Middleton's season of improvement looks to have many games remaining. He's another yet another young defender to watch with the Barracuda. While they are finding individual success, they also point to the group success as well.
“When the team is as successfully as it has on this winning streak, personal success just follows,” Middleton said of the team's recent 14 game winning streaks. “Everyone gets their licks in and gets their job done in these situations. It's been a lot of fun to be around the rink these days.”
It looks like many more fun days on the ice is ahead for both the Barracuda and their youngest blueliner on the roster.
Chinese flags flutter at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China May 13, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's anti-graft watchdog said roughly 1.34 million lower-ranking officials have been punished since 2013 under President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption drive.
Xi, who is preparing for a major Communist Party leadership conference later this month, has made an anti-graft campaign targeting “tigers and flies”, both high and low ranking officials, a core policy priority during their five-year term.
China is preparing for the 19th Congress later this month, a twice-a-decade leadership event where Xi is expected to consolidate power and promote their policy positions.
Those punished for graft since 2013 include 648,000 village-level officials and most crimes were related to small scale corruption, said the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) on Sunday.
While much of the country's anti-graft drive has targeted lower ranking village and county officials, several high-ranking figures have been taken down.
In August the head of the anti-graft committee for China's Ministry of Finance was themselves put under investigation for suspected graft.
In September a senior military officer who sits on China's powerful Central Military Commission, overseen by Xi, was detained and questioned over corruption-related offenses, Reuters reported.
The CCDI said 155,000 country-level party bureaux have set up corruption policing mechanisms as of August, representing 94.8 percent of total bureaus.
Book to join us to discuss the report on Wednesday 18 October at Regent Hall, Oxford Street, London. The long hours culture in film production is damaging family life and causing ill-health, says a new report from BECTU to be published next week.
BECTU also questions the sustainability of a creative process which fails to nurture creativity by running the industry as a production line. The industry's biggest asset - its workforce - is being run into the ground says the study.
Eyes Half Shut: A Report on Long Hours and Productivity in the UK Film and TV Industry, authored by Paul Evans, BECTU negotiations officer and Jonathan Green, Prospect head of research, will be the focus of BECTU's BIG Crew event on Wednesday 18 October at Regent Hall, Oxford Street, London. Tickets available here.
We all need an industry which is 'more humane, efficient and productive'
Gerry Morrissey, head of BECTU, introduces the report, and calls for an industry-wide commission with input from the Advertising Producers Association, the British Film Council, BBC, Channel 4, Directors UK, ITV, the major motion picture studios, PACT and Sky to work together to secure change.
Gerry Morrissey writes:
"Over the past year, our freelance branches in the production sector have been in negotiations with employers about terms and conditions for workers on major motion pictures and TV drama. We have many members working on commercials, factual and entertainment TV, promos, lower budget films and other kinds of production.
Shocking stories
"Perhaps the biggest concerns that we hear from these branches are around the hours that they work. Our research has turned up some shocking stories. The long-hour culture damages family lives and causes ill health while doing the industry no good. I have spoken to workers in location-based prep-and-wrap departments – location managers, assistant directors, workers in hair and make-up and costume and wardrobe – who say they regularly work 18-hour days.
Run as a treadmill
"The treadmill isn't just confined to shooting locations. Our members working as editors, VFX artists or in the art department also report preposterous working schedules.This is a creative industry. It relies on innovative and imaginative thinking. If we run it as a treadmill, we will destroy the longterm future of a vital sector.
Wasting and losing talent
"This shouldn't just worry management in the audio-visual industries: it should also bother the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Our members – particularly women – are telling us of plans to leave an industry desperate for more capacity. The UK economy has never been as reliant on high-skilled film and TV workers as it is today – and many of them are working below-par because of this counterproductive industry culture. A well-managed industry can achieve just as much without demoralising its workers. This report argues that the industry's long-hours culture is unnecessary. It calls on employers to invest in management practices that will improve working conditions.
Industry commission
"I am calling on the Advertising Producers Association, the British Film Council, BBC, Channel 4, Directors UK, ITV, the major motion picture studios, PACT and Sky to join BECTU in establishing a new commission to address the industry's management practices. I hope all parts of the industry will work with us to make this sector more humane, efficient and productive."
Book to come to the BIG Crew event and join the debate. The full report will be posted online for download.
For more information drop a line to communications@bectu.org.uk
Query about this article? Contact us
"(Faulkner is a) great dude," said Arkansas State head coach Blake Anderson. "He's sharp, young, and innovative. Kids will love him, and the offense under him."
Buster Faulkner will leave Middle Tennessee to become Arkansas State's new offensive coordinator following the departure of Walt Bell.
Faulkner is married to their wife, Tia, and has three children. A son, Harrison, and two daughters, Hadley and Haisley.
Faulkner has had previous stops at Central Arkansas, Georgia, Murray State, and Valdosta State before coaching at Middle Tennessee.
Faulkner's offense was also ranked 30th in the country for offensive production on 2014 after being ranked 31st in 2013.
They also helped to coach several record breaking players in 2015, to include first-year student quarterback Brent Stockstill who passed for 4,005 yards (66.7%), 327 completions on 490 attempts, and 30 touchdowns. Stockstill also had eight 300 yard games, to include four consecutive games.
Faulkner's offense averaged over 5,000 yards per year in three consecutive season's at Middle Tennessee, and put up 411 points in the 2015 season.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT: Below is the media release from Arkansas State University's Sports Information department.
A-State Football Names Faulkner Offensive Coordinator and Quarterbacks Coach
JONESBORO, Ark. (1/13/16) – Arkansas State head football coach Blake Anderson announced Wednesday that Buster Faulkner, an 11-year coaching veteran who has been a part of multiple bowl games and an NCAA Division II national championship, has been named the Red Wolves' offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach.
“We are excited to welcome Buster and their family to our Red Wolves family,” said Anderson. “He has an outstanding record of success throughout their career, is a proven leader and will be a fantastic addition to our staff.  They are a young and energetic coach who shares the same goals we have for advancing our program, making them a great fit here.”
“I can't wait to get to Arkansas State and start working with Coach Anderson and their staff,” said Faulkner. “I have worked with some of them previously, and the entire coaching staff has done an outstanding job with the program, so I'm looking forward to getting to Jonesboro and hitting the ground running.”
Faulkner most recently spent the last five seasons as an assistant coach at Middle Tennessee, including the last four full years as offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach. They helped guide the Blue Raiders to 31 victories, numerous school records and a pair of bowl-game appearances from 2012-15.
Under their tutelage, the Blue Raiders amassed more than 5,000 yards of total offense in three consecutive seasons for the first time in school history while averaging over 31 points a game. MT's 2015 team amassed 5,946 yards and scored 442 points, both school records, helping the squad finish 6-2 in Conference USA and earn an invitation to the Bahamas Bowl.
Faulkner also led several record-setting individuals in 2015, as first-year student quarterback Brent Stockstill led the way by setting new single season marks for passing yards (4,005), passing yards per game (308.1), completions (327), attempts (490), touchdowns (30), 300-yard games (8) and consecutive 300-yard games (4).
Freshman All-American Richie James caught a school record 108 passes for 1,346 yards, while senior wide-out Ed Batties brought down an MT-record 13 receiving touchdowns under Faulkner last season.
Stockstill and James became the first quarterback and receiver pairing in school history to amass 3,000 yards passing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season.
Prior to the 2015 season that saw MT rank 32nd in the nation in total offense and 35th in scoring offense, the 2014 unit ranked 30th nationally in rushing, while Austin Grammer became the first signal-caller in school history to throw for over 200 yards in each of their first seven games and finished 11th nationally in completion percentage.
Faulkner helped lead the Blue Raiders to an 8-5 overall record and appearance in the Armed Forces Bowl in 2013 as their offense had the second most yards in school history, ranked 31st nationally in rushing and 25th in third down conversion percentage. The offense also registered seven games of 200 or more yards rushing and had five different players top the 100-yard rushing mark. Quarterback Logan Kilgore became the first signal-caller in school history to have three straight 2,000-yard seasons with all three years coming under Faulkner.
In 2012, the unit keyed the Raiders' 8-4 season by re-establishing the running game and protecting the football. Middle Tennessee ranked 46th nationally in rushing and tied for 28th for fewest turnovers lost. The unit also had four games where they rushed for over 200 yards and produced three different 100-yard rushers. Wide receiver Anthony Amos and center Micah James both earned first team all-conference honors.
In 2011, Faulkner took over the play-calling duties as offensive coordinator the final seven games of the year while remaining quarterbacks coach. Their unit went on to record the fifth most yards of total offense, complete a then-record 299 passes and became just the second offense in school history to amass over 3,000 passing yards.
Faulkner went to Middle Tennessee after serving the 2010 season as offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Murray State. In their lone season at MSU, Faulkner's offense broke 27 school records and finished first in the FCS in total plays, pass completions, and completion percentage. The Racer offense racked up nearly 5,000 yards and produced the first 500-yard passer, 200-yard rusher, and 200-yard receiver in the same game in FCS history. The Racers ranked fifth in total offense nationally in 2010, while the year prior to Faulkner's arrival MSU had a ranking of 115.
The 2010 Racers offense ranked first in the OVC and fifth nationally with 36.09 points per game, while also leading the league in passing offense and ranking fourth nationally with 313.5 yards per contest. The MSU quarterbacks led the country in completions and completion percentage.
Under Faulkner's guidance, quarterback Casey Brockman had just six starts in 2010 but earned second team all-conference honors and was twice picked as the National Player of the Week. Brockman also garnered three OVC Player of the Week awards en route to finishing first in the league and eighth nationally in passing yards per game. Brockman accounted for 313 yards of total offense per game.
Prior to joining the Racers staff, Faulkner spent the 2009 season as the quarterbacks coach at Central Arkansas. UCA's offense averaged 26.2 points a game and 215.8 yards a game through the air and was ranked in the Top 25 nationally in every offensive statistic.
Senior quarterback Robbie Park finished the year going 217-for-358 for 2,434 yards and 12 touchdowns. The yardage total was seventh on the school's all-time single-season list.
Faulkner's coaching career began at Valdosta State, where they served as a student assistant helping with the quarterbacks in 2005. After one season with the Blazers, they served as an offensive graduate assistant at Georgia, working with the offensive line and quarterbacks.
Faulkner returned to Valdosta State in 2007 and served as the quarterbacks coach for two seasons. In their first season, the Blazers went 13-1 and captured the Division II National Championship as quarterback Willie Copeland passed for 2,903 yards and 27 touchdowns.
Faulkner took over as the offensive coordinator for the Blazers in 2008. VSU averaged 380.8 yards a game in advancing to the quarterfinals as quarterback Chris Hart earned Freshman of the Year honors. Hart accounted for over 3,000 yards and 27 touchdowns.
As a player, Faulkner starred as a quarterback for Valdosta State from 2000 to 2003. In three years with the Blazers, they passed for 7,100 yards and 64 touchdowns while registering a 47-6 record.
As a sophomore, Faulkner earned first-team All-Gulf South Conference honors and honorable mention All-American accolades after going 327-for-503 for 3,941 yards and 44 touchdowns in leading the Blazers to a 14-1 record and a spot in the National Championship game.
They played their senior season at Texas A&M-Commerce, where they passed for 2,861 and 16 touchdowns, while setting 10 school records.
During their prep career, Faulkner started at quarterback as a sophomore and led Parkview High School to the 1997 Georgia state championship.
A native of Lilburn, Ga., Faulkner earned their bachelor's degree in history from Valdosta State in 2005. Faulkner, and their wife, Tia, have one son, Harrison, and two daughters, Hadley and Haisley.
Letterpress cheating in Nimrod?
Posted on December 23, 2013 by Tommy McGuire
In my spare time here, I have been focusing on Rust, trying to follow the language development. So far, I like what I see. However, there are a number of other new options in the "systems programming language" area and I feel beholden (Behooved?) to take a look at them.
Here's a short list of some:
Go Meh. On pretty much all fronts, meh. For details, check every other programmer's blog for postings about Go. D Well, D is not new, and when I looked at it previously I did not see anything particularly exciting. I may have to take another look at it, but I'm not feeling the mojo right now. ATS Shows up at the top of a lot of results on the programming language shootout! Dependently typed! And not based on Coq or any other common proof assistant! (Coq is, by the way, the best computer game I have ever played.) Is that sufficiently terrifying? Ok, I do need to take a serious look at ATS, but I'll need to get some more coffee first. Nimrod Local type inference. Manual memory management or, optionally, soft realtime garbage collection. A macro system; well, several actually. And it compiles to C. It certainly might be entertaining.
At the risk of brain weevils, for today Nimrod it is.
Syntactic issues
Unlike C, Rust, and many other languages, Nimrod does not use a variant of C syntax. Instead, it is similar to Python: colons and indentation. (Yes, I know: you hate significant whitespace. Or you hate semicolons. In either case, I hate you; the world is nicely symmetric.) Here is a simple example, a procedure which accepts a string and returns a new string containing the same characters, sorted. (I am new to Nimrod; in all these examples I would greatly appreciate any feedback!)
proc sorted(s : string) : string =
var seq = toSeq(s.items)
seq.sort(system.cmp[char])
var newStr = newString(s.len)
for i,ch in seq.pairs: newStr[i] = ch
newStr
One seriously odd thing about Nimrod lexically is,
Nimrod is a style-insensitive language. This means that it is not case-sensitive and even underscores are ignored: type is a reserved word, and so is TYPE or T_Y_P_E. The idea behind this is that this allows programmers to use their own preferred spelling style and libraries written by different programmers cannot use incompatible conventions. A Nimrod-aware editor or IDE can show the identifiers as preferred. Another advantage is that it frees the programmer from remembering the exact spelling of an identifier. (From the Nimrod Manual.)
In other words, sorted above could be called as Sorted, or soRtEd, or even S_oRT_ed. I, personally, do not really care what convention is used, as long as you pick one. Choosing all of the above seems unwise.
At a higher level, Nimrod supports named and defaulted procedure parameters, and the definition of new symbolic operators, as well as a method-call syntactic sugar: "The syntax obj.method(args) can be used instead of method(obj, args)" (Nimrod Tutoral, Part II). The latter, which is seen above, is particularly useful since Nimrod uses multi-methods rather than traditional object-oriented single-dispatch.
A simple example
If Rust's middle name is "safety", Nimrod's is "macros". Nimrod supports several kinds: templates, "a simple substitution mechanism that operates on Nimrod's abstract syntax trees", macros, enabling "advanced compile-time code transformations", and something called "term rewriting macros", that allow a programmer to "enhance the compilation pipeline with user defined optimizations". This is all in addition to a type system supporting parametric polymorphism.
The simplest option for compile-time metaprogramming is templates. This example is from the Nimrod Tutorial, Part II:
template withFile(f: expr,
filename: string,
mode: TFileMode,
body: stmt): stmt {.immediate.} =
block:
let fn = filename
var f: TFile
if open(f, fn, mode):
try:
body
finally:
close(f)
else:
quit("cannot open: " & fn)
The withFile template is used twice in the remainder of the mk_anadict program, which converts a words file to an anagram dictionary:
var dictionary = initTable[string,seq[string]]()
withFile(words, "/usr/share/dict/words", fmRead):
while not words.EndOfFile:
let line = words.readLine
if line.len >= 2 and line.len < 19 and line.allCharsInSet({'a'..'z'}):
let sline = sorted(line)
if dictionary.hasKey(sline):
dictionary.mget(sline).add(line)
else:
dictionary[sline] = @[line]
var keys = toSeq(dictionary.keys)
keys.sort(system.cmp[string])
with_file(dict, "anadict.txt", fmWrite):
for key in keys:
dict.writeln(key, " ", dictionary[key].join(" "))
You may notice that I used Nimrod's lexical flexibility there. Whoops.
Searching for words
One variant of a template is baked into Nimrod as iterators, which along with for statements are "an abstract mechanism to iterate over the elements of a container" according to the Nimrod Manual. The following iterator implements something similar to Python's combinations from itertools:
iterator eachCombination[T](values : openarray[T], r : int) : seq[T] =
let length = values.len
if r > 0 and r <= length:
var max_indices0 = length - r
var indices : seq[int]
var combination : seq[T]
newSeq(indices, r)
newSeq(combination, r)
for i in 0..r-1:
indices[i] = i
combination[i] = values[i]
while true:
yield(combination)
# increment the indices
var i = r - 1
indices[i] += 1
while i > 0 and indices[i] > max_indices0 + i:
# indices[i] now too large; decrement i, increment indices[i]
# and we'll fix up the following indices later
i -= 1
indices[i] += 1
# Can't fix up 'done'
if indices[0] > max_indices0: break
# Fix up the indices and the combination from i to r-1
combination[i] = values[indices[i]]
for i in i+1 .. r-1:
indices[i] = indices[i-1] + 1
combination[i] = values[indices[i]]
How do I know an iterator is a variant of a template? When I first wrote that block of code, I erroneously used let instead of var for several variable declarations. (let produces immutable variables, var mutable.) I did not receive any errors until I attempted to use eachCombination; clearly, some significant checking is not done until the code is expanded.
One other oddity is the separate declaration of indices followed by creation of the sequence and then its initialization. When I tried var indices : seq[int] = newSeq[int](r), I received the error "type mismatch: got (seq[typedesc[int]]) but expected 'seq[int]'". typedesc is the compile-time type of types; I don't know why newSeq is returning that.
The remainder of the anagram searching program uses a second iterator that wraps eachCombination:
iterator allCombinations[T](values : openarray[T]) : seq[T] =
for length in 2..values.len:
for combo in eachCombination(values, length):
yield(combo)
And the rest of the program is not too dissimilar to the final Python version.
proc stringToSeq(str : string) : seq[char] = return toSeq(str.items)
proc loadDictionary() : TTable[seq[char],seq[string]] =
var result = initTable[seq[char],seq[string]]()
for line in "anadict.txt".lines:
var words = line.split
result[stringToSeq(words[0])] = words[1..words.len - 1]
return result
when isMainModule:
if os.paramCount() == 1:
var board = stringToSeq(os.paramStr(1))
board.sort(system.cmp[char])
var dictionary = loadDictionary()
var result = initSet[string]()
for combo in allCombinations(board):
if dictionary.hasKey(combo):
for word in dictionary[combo]:
discard result.containsOrIncl(word)
echo(result.len)
Conclusion
Overall, I like Nimrod. It has some rough edges, and I suspect the case- and underscore-insensitivity will mean that it will not become one of my favorite languages (or, maybe, I could get used to that, too), but I do want to play around with its metaprogramming facilities; they seem to be the best of any programming language I have run across. This side of Scheme, anyway.
mk_anadict.nim and nimrod_anagrams.nim can be found in the rust-toys repository on Github.
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Very nice article!I was intrigued by the seq[typedesc] error you ran into and I took some time to fix it. The fix is in the current "devel" branch on github and it will make it into the upcoming 0.9.4 release.Anonymous'2014-01-08T11:28:37.076-06:00'Interesting read. But what do you mean Coq is the "best computer game" you've ever played? (That it's not useful?)Anonymous'2014-01-15T15:07:38.476-06:00'Thanks for the update! (Now, that's service!)I had thought it was some compile-time use that I did not know about.Tommy McGuire'2014-01-16T10:16:25.338-06:00'About Coq: I've never really tried to use it for anything. I have done a fair amount of work with OCaml, and it is one of my favorite languages.The reason I refer to Coq as the "best computer game" is that using it to prove things is! It's challenging and rewarding when you finally wind your way through a dark series of lemmas and tactics, all alike.Tommy McGuire'2014-01-16T10:19:30.132-06:00'
The scientific theory (which we've all heard at least once and which we totally remember because it's so profound) is that the mere act of observing something (anything!) changes it. Just looking at molecules under a microscope changes them! Dude…? Yeah. Anyway but what about a sporting event? A concert? Why would watch it on YouTube change it? Ah, but it does!
Just knowing something, let's say a music concert, is being recorded changes the experience itself! And you do know it's being recorded. Because you can see the guy over there with the camera? See him? Yeah. Well, now you won't take your bra off anymore. Because someday you might want to run for first-lady. And of course the band will play differently, without your bra. In fact, the whole mood is different. Everything is different now. Because of your ambition. You bitch. +1 for science.
It's been hailed a masterclass in film-making with showstopping performances from its leading men.
And Oscar-nominated duo Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy led the way as The Revenant had its UK première at the Empire Theatre in Leicester Square, London, on Thursday night.
Fresh from scooping the Best Actor award at Sunday night's Golden Globes, Leo, 41, was typically dapper in a knee-length overcoat, white shirt and patterned navy tie.
Scroll down for video
Critically-acclaimed: Oscar-nominated duo Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy led the way as The Revenant had its European première at the Empire Theatre in Leicester Square, London, on Thursday night
Dream team: Leo and Tom lived up to their heartthrob statuses as they hit the red carpet fully suited and booted
Sporting well-manicured stubble and a slick parting, the star happily greeted hysterical fans as they made their way down the red carpet.
The acting icon signed autographs and shook hands with a plethora of female fans who were thrilled to be within touching distance of their idol.
Heartthrob Tom, 38, put on a stylish display in a sophisticated navy winter coat worn open over their grey Burberry suit and red tie.
See news and style on Leonardo DiCaprio as they hit The Revenant UK premiere red carpet
Sartorially suave: Fresh from scooping the Best Actor award at Sunday night's Golden Globes, Leo was typically dapper in a knee-length overcoat worn on top of a white shirt and patterned navy tie
A good year: Tom Hardy appears in two films nominated for Best Film at the 2016 Oscars
Meet and greet: Sporting well-manicured stubble and a slick parting, the star happily greeted hysterical fans as they made their way down the red carpet
Crowd pleaser: The acting icon signed autographs and shook hands with a plethora of female fans who were thrilled to be within touching distance of their idol
The Mad Max star looked to have visited the barber's for the occasion with their fresh, short back and sides ensuring they appeared their best.
Excitement filled the air as the two Hollywood heavyweights soaked up the atmosphere in the world famous square surrounded by hundreds of fans.
Like their co-star, Tom signed plenty of memorabilia and posed for selfies with a number of lucky film fans.
Suited and booted: The Mad Max star looked to have visited the barber's for the occasion with their fresh, short back and sides ensuring they appeared their best
Sign here: Like their co-star, Tom signed plenty of memorabilia for fans queued along the railings
Revelling in it: Tom was more than happy to mingle with their fans on their way into the theatre
It's been a successful year for Hardy, who is up for their first Academy Award after being nominated in the Best Supporting Actor category for their role as the villainous John Fitzgerald.
And two of the star's films, The Revenant and Mad Max: Fury Road, are up for Best Picture.
Leo and Tom have previously appeared together in Christopher Nolan's Inception, and are clearly firm friends.
They placed an arm around each other when they were photographed inside the theatre and a joke shared between the two left them recoiling with their hands over their mouths.
Caught on camera: A number of lucky fans managed to get a selfie with the Oscar-nominated star
Based on true events: Leo plays frontiersman Hugh Glass in the award-winning film
Visionary: Director Alejandro Inarritu was the picture of cool, rocking their long locks and a trendy mulit-coloured scarf
High praise: Domnhall Gleeson has called their co-star DiCaprio's performance their 'career best work'
The Revenant has scored 12 nominations for this year's Oscars, with nods in the Best Picture, Best Actor and Best Director categories.
In an interview with the Radio Times, DiCaprio's co-star Domnhall Gleeson, 32, said they felt the actor's performance in The Revenant was their 'career best work'.
The Harry Potter actor said: 'The effect of what he's done I feel most palpably in the performance, not in how other people respond to it, just in how I responded to it. I think he's already a phenomenal actor.
'He got to a standard I wasn't sure anybody was capable of, really, with what they did.'
On Thursday morning, Leo spoke to This Morning presenters Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby about award season, the pair quizzed them on whether this would be the year they would finally win an Oscar.
They said: 'I do know that it's completely beyond my control at this point. It's interesting, because that's not why you do the work, you know?
'You do the work because you love making movies and you want to look back and have a filmography that you're proud of.
'When you're on set you have to give everything that you possibly can while you're there but of course being recognised by your peers and all that other stuff that happens is kind of the cherry on the cake so to speak.
Box office: Films Leo have starred in have collectively grossed nearly 6 billion dollars worldwide
Grand arrival: Leo stepped out of their luxury silver motor to much fanfare as fans piled into Leicester Square to catch a glimpse of the actor
Giving it their all: The star has admitted there's no more they could have done to improve their performance in The Revenant
What did you say? The pair shared a joke which left both covering their mouths in apparent shock
Casting call: Tom was in a playful mood as The Revenant cast posed side by side
Bright-eyed: Despite their hectic schedule both stars had plenty of energy for the UK premiere
Strike a pose: Maisie Williams teamed a sophisticated blazer with a pair of matching shorts and black heels
Handle with care: The Game of Thrones actor showed off their quirky bag by Kate Spade NY shaped like a red car
'But all the work from me has been done, I've done everything I could possibly do, so it's all up to you to decide whether it's worthy of being seen or talked about or awarded.'
The film sees the esteemed actor play Hugh Glass, a taciturn, greasy-haired 1820s fur trapper left for dead in the wilderness by their own hunting team after being mauled by a bear that rips their throat.
In a fight for survival, Glass treks through snow-covered forests, gets swept away in a waterfall, sleeps inside the carcass of a disemboweled horse and hungrily eats raw bison liver before making it back to their camp.
Screen legend: John Hurt looked healthy as they attended the premiere with their wife Anwen Rees-Myers
Gleefully grinning: The twice Oscar-nominated actor wore a pair of circular specs with a black hat and dapper black overcoat
Speaking at the première, Tom Hardy revealed they had DiCaprio to thank for convincing them to take their role in The Revenant.
They said: 'Leo gave me a call and Sean Penn had bailed and they were like, "When can we get you out here?" No, I'm joking, but they did give me a call and we spoke and they said there's good money and the script is awesome.'
The Oscars were never far from the lips of the cast, especially whether it could be sixth time lucky for DiCaprio who picked up the best actor award at the Golden Globes on Sunday.
'I feel very proud and happy for my colleagues. I think this could be Leo's year to win, I hope so, I think they did a brilliant job," said Inarritu, who was effusive about their lead.
'His body of work shows how great they are as an actor. He's also at the perfect age as an actor, they have all the talent, all the sensitivity. We saw the same opportunities playing this very silent role, without words and just using their body and their eyes to communicate so many things. They were great.'
The Mexican director, who specifically thanked the Native American cast of The Revenant as they picked up their Golden Globes, was also vocal about the controversy surrounding this year's Academy Awards, with critics noting the lack of black actors up for the biggest awards, and the best-director category all male.
Pretty in pink: Noomi Rapace wowed in an eye-catching pink coat with a black trim
Colour co-ordinated: The star's short black hair was worn in a tousled style and their flawlessly applied make-up included a slick of pink lipstick
'I think it's a shame there's not more diversity on the screen because films are a mirror of humanity, we should be seeing ourselves there, all of us. Many more stories of minorities should be told and supported and financed,' they said.
Hardy was more modest about their nomination.
'I don't know how it happened,' they admitted.
DiCaprio has previously called it 'the most difficult film' they have ever done due to the freezing temperatures and having only one and a half hours a day of natural light to get their shots, but the cast said they were lucky to have their dulcet tones to keep morale up.
Hitmaker: Black Eyed Peas singer Taboo made an appearance for the film's premiere
Boys will be boys: Paul Anderson, Lukas Haas and Stephen Graham were in high spirits as they joked around at the premiere
Will Poulter said: 'Leo put in a shift when it came to cheering us up. They sang show tunes one day when it was pocketing it down. They had a great voice and knew all the lyrics too, which is critical. We became very reliant on each other's company.'
The star-studded première proved to be a popular ticket.
Oscar-nominated Noomi Rapace wowed in a fitted pink coat with black trim. The eye-catching number was in keeping with their bubbly personality and was complemented by a pair of dangly pink earrings and black leather gloves.
The star's short black hair was worn in a tousled style and their flawlessly applied make-up included a slick of pink lipstick.
Screen legend John Hurt looked full of health after declaring themselves free of pancreatic cancer in October last year.
The 75-year-old arrived with their wife Anwen Rees-Myers on their arm and smiled heartily for the cameras.
Speaking at October's Man Booker Prize ceremony in London, the Elephant Man star said: ‘I had a final scan and it's all gone brilliantly.
'I had the final scan yesterday [Monday] and I saw my oncologist this morning [Tuesday].
Classy: Scottish singer Tallia Storm dressed up for the occasion in a black dress with strappy heels and a chunky gold necklace
Blowing in the wind: Tallia's long blonde locks fluttered in the breeze as they posed on the red carpet
Black velvet: Edith Bowman rocked the red carpet in a dark velvet suit with a burnt orange blouse
'I am overjoyed, I am thrilled. It all looks great for the future, it's fantastic.'
They added that they remain wary of using words such as ‘remission' even ‘if it's true'.
Game of Thrones actor Maisie Williams braved the cold in a sophisticated blazer with matching shorts and a pair of black heels.
The 18-year-old star displayed a quirky handbag by Kate Spade NY, in the shape of a red car as they posed with their hand on their hips.
Plenty of interest: Leo answered questions from the media in chilly conditions
For fans not in Canada or the United States, CBS is teaming up with Netflix to bring Bryan Fuller's new Star Trek television series to 188 international countries outside of the United States and Canada.
New episodes of Star Trek will be made available 24 hours on Netflix after they air on CBS' streaming service, All Access, according to a press release. The pilot episode, however, will premiere on CBS for all cable subscribers, with each subsequent episode being streamed exclusively on All Access.
It's a push from the network to expand its digital empire and secure more online subscribers and viewers as it competes with services like Hulu, Amazon Prime and, of course, Netflix.
The companies also confirmed that every single Star Trek series, including the original and The Next Generation, will be made available on Netflix by the end of 2016. The company did not specify if that would be limited to the 188 international regions or if Canadian and American subscribers will also be able to stream the series.
Star Trek begins shooting this September in Toronto and will premiere in January 2017. More information is expected to come out of the annual Television Critics Association conference in a couple of weeks.
Sometimes you just gotta...
I have noticed a disturbing trend here lately. Initially I just wrote it off as the typical passion of the silly season getting to people, but that perception changed for me last night.
I made a comment in a Diary (it's a good one and is worth the read.) about people who may be contemplating voting for Trump over Hillary that I wouldn't vote for Hillary OR Trump in the General because of reasons of conscience.
I do intend to vote for Solid Progressive candidates in the down ballot races but there are just too many things in Clinton's history that I personally find completely out of alignment with my core beliefs and interests. (Bah, I am getting off topic and I don't want to turn this into yet another Hillary vs Bernie Diary, that's not the issue I am trying to address here.)
Of course, this has come up before and I expected some people to disagree with my choice, some quite passionately, which is fine, I can respect that. One of the foundations of our Democracy is respecting the right of the voter to vote for whom they feel is the best choice.
What I don't respect and didn't expect was that the venomous tone and outright hostility directed at those of us choosing to do so would get even worse than it has been in the past.
(I saved the Best Worst for last.)
Some were just the typical vote shaming:
That includes all the sux people on this site. You all ought to be ashamed of yourselves for this selfishness.
Protest votes are amusing if you are voting for President of the Freshman Class in High School. In a Presidential election you are just throwing your vote away — a vote that many good people have died trying to protect.
Big difference when you throw your vote away. And yes — voting for someone clearly not winning is throwing it away. I'm glad it makes you feel good but don't complain about a state of affairs you created.
Some using Markos recent diary as a cudgel: (Not pointing fingers at the site owner, but I did notice more brazen and louder attacks after it's posting.)
“FUCK YOU” as per Kos
But y'know, do your thing. I'm just happy that when this primary is over, saying you won't vote for the Democratic candidate will be a bannable offense. See Kos's post
I hope Kos bans the lot of you sux folks.
Those that were insultingly dismissive:
I don't get the sulkiness from the Bernie/green side of things
when you declare that neither of them were good enough for you throw away your vote for ideological purity and allow someone as dumb and dangerous as George W Bush become President you have earned my scorn.
Then you want unicorns and rainbows and you aren't a serious participant in politics and you need to find an MMO to play instead of treating politics as a game.
Flat thinkers. Black and white thinking absolutists.
To those that ridicule those that choose to vote their conscience:
Your vote of conscience? If you had a conscience you would do anything to keep Drumpf, Cruz or Rubio out of the White House. This will shock many of the burners but it is NOT all about you.
So basically, f*ck everyone who will be hurt because you're a special snowflake and your vote is a precious little gem among the world. Your privilege is showing.
I hope you sleep as well as all those who rejected Gore and voted for Nader.You and your good conscience.
Well, if Trump is elected and hurts millions of people with their racist neo-fascist ideas at least your conscience will be clean.
So the purpose of your vote is to make you feel good?
And the outright insulting:
Are you a repub or a traitor?
But the one that took the cake and pushed me to write this Diary?
I never, ever thought I would see the day on Daily Kos where personal attacks and calls for violence would occur over an individual making the decision to vote their conscience and not support a candidate that they feel is the “lessor evil” anymore.
It's worth noting that these comments are just a small sampling from just ONE diary, in the first 25% of the comments. I would also like to note that there were several people who are Clinton supporters who did call out those that were saying these things, but they were a significant minority unfortunately.
This was not in a “Pro-Hillary Safe Space”® Diary and is far from being a few isolated cases. I have seen it over and over again in many other diaries directed at posters that expressed similar sentiments.
I expected things to get intense around here as it does every primary season, but I just never expected to see the same level of discourse on here that you would on a RWNJ site.
Maybe some of these people are right and DailyKos just isn't for us anymore. That would make me a sad panda but it looks like the writing is on the wall. :(
Hemp Party president Michael Baldertstone with Australian Sex Party leader Fiona Patten. (Facebook)
The Australian Sex Party and the Marijuana (HEMP) Party have reached an historic agreement to win seats at the coming federal election.
The parties will share joint tickets in a number of states in an effort to win the last two Senate seats in each jurisdiction.
Under the new Senate voting rules the last two seats in many states are an unknown quantity.
Details of the new coalition were announced at the Sex/Marijuana (HEMP) Party Queensland Senate launch on Sunday in Brisbane.
The new coalition will appeal strongly to voters with its socially progressive and economically prudent policies. The agreement would appear to be the first of its kind between minor parties in Australian politics and is in line with the urging of political commentators like Antony Green, following the new voting laws.
The parties will combine their resources and votes in Queensland, Tasmania, SA, WA, NT and the ACT. In NSW the parties will run separate tickets but will preference each other.
Australian Sex Party leader and Victorian Upper House member, Fiona Patten, said the arrangement created a new and exciting progressive coalition for Australia, that would give voters a real alternative to the dry and regressive policies of the three major parties.
‘The major parties have not delivered on so many important progressive social reforms and as a result, Australia looks like the Hermit Kingdom of the southern hemisphere”, they said. ‘Dying with dignity, marriage equality, legal medical cannabis and legal recreational cannabis have all had their advocates in the major parties but nothing has happened. The same is true for taxing the church, prison reform, standardised abortion laws, humane processing of asylum seekers and access to affordable legal aid.'
Ms Patten pointed to their record of getting socially progressive issues off the ground in Victoria since becoming a member of the Victorian Upper House in late 2014.
‘Progressive minor parties have a real ability to push the traditional parties forward. If elected to the Senate we will change Australia's social environment to more like those of progressive European countries and the more progressive US states,' they said.
Hemp grower, Andrew Kavasilas. (supplied)
Marijuana (HEMP) Party spokesperson, Andrew Kavasilas said that cannabis was the most widely used illicit drug in Australia.
‘We're calling for a meaningful approach to medical cannabis that addresses the concerns and needs of hundreds of thousands of Australians currently using it for medical purposes' they said.
‘Successive governments have continually avoided our farmers as they called for hemp seed food approval to allow them to access international markets. We want to be involved in the political discussions about how Australia regulates and taxes an ongoing cannabis industry worth a reported $5 billion a year.'
Almost half of all Australians have used cannabis at some point.
‘The nation's pot smokers want to be treated in the same way as the nation's drinkers', they said.
‘Responsible use within a legal, regulated framework would empty Australia's jails and put billions of dollars into the economy as has happened in Colorado and other US states.
‘If marijuana were to replace alcohol as the major social tonic in society, there would be less aggression on the streets, lower road tolls, less domestic violence, better sleeping patterns, more creative work output and less vomit on the streets.'
They also said that Marijuana (HEMP) Party supporters had pioneered medical cannabis in Australia over 30 years ago and had brought the issue to the forefront of Australian politics.
‘The major parties will continue to stall on medical cannabis even though they are all nodding their heads,' they said. ‘Like gay marriage and taxing religion they all know that the majority of people want it but they can't let go of their old attitudes. If we are elected, the SEX/HEMP coalition will make them wake up to themselves in ways they would never have dreamed of'.
A donkey stands on the balcony of an apartment block in Brussels May 31, 2013. The animal, which is part of a theatre show, has been banned from the balcony after neighbors complained. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian police have demanded that Lola, a theatre-starring donkey, be removed from the balcony of a cultural center in Brussels after neighbors complained about their braying.
Lola is staying on the first-floor balcony while they perform in a play at the Arab Cultural Center, located in the same building in the Belgian capital. Staff had laid out straw and a bucket of water so they could get some fresh air.
But police ordered Lola's keeper to move them indoors after receiving complaints about the donkey making too much noise.
Despite the police demands, Lola was still outside on Friday, and the director of the cultural center was angrily berating their neighbors for interfering.
“I say to the neighbors, well done. What does it matter to you?” Hawa Djabili shouted to reporters and passersby. Asked why the donkey was out, they replied Lola “needed to breathe.”
A spokesperson for the Brussels police said they would return with animal welfare officers to remove Lola if the center did not comply with the order to keep the donkey indoors.
The animal is appearing in a play called “The Palestinian” at the Arab Cultural Center that runs until Saturday.
Loading ... Loading ...
People from all walks of life are beginning to exponentially awaken to the Big Pharma conspiracy, and it is certainly no theory. Through the systematic corporate take-over of institutional medicine by families like the Rockefellers (among others), the 20th century's doorstep has been darkened by the scourge of allopathic medicine, as opposed to holistic, shamanic medicines that have thousands of years of human history.
Many substances that Big Pharma would rather you never hear of due to their natural ability to heal, often times more effectively than their pharmaceutical counterparts, are now leading a resurgence of holistic medicine. A rising number of people are becoming aware of the therapeutic potentials of psilocybin mushrooms, cannabis, DMT, iboga, to more low-key and legal medicinal plants, like Valerian root, St. John's/mugwort, kratom, and many more still that have even larger spectrum of therapeutic potential without the addition of getting “high” to any degree.
However, the Dagga flower is something that embodies both of these types of holistic medicines, without being some sort of intense psycho-metaphysical sojourn on an Amazonian plant, et cetera. Known by many today as the “wild cannabis/cannabis substitute,” dagga's traditional name is “Lion's Tale,” and the scientific classification is Leonotis leonurus.
The plant is said to grow from two to five meters, have a mild fragrance, and an enchantingly pleasant flower bloom, both in appearance and usage. While it is native to southern Africa, dagga also has a long shamanic history with the indigenous people of China and Vietnam. Today, dagga has been naturalized in a variety of other places, such as California, Australia, Mexico, and the Caribbean. Currently, dagga is globally legal and can be ordered through a variety of different website outlets.
When smoked, dagga is said to have a euphoric, calming, uplifting highness. This is said to also provide a sense of mental clarity and warmth of visual perception. Much akin to cannabis, because of a similar delivery of alkaloids also found in cannabis, it has been a favorite recreational and shamanic medicinal plant since people have known of it. In some indigenous languages, cannabis and dagga have the same general name.
Also like cannabis, the flowers of dagga are picked for their psychoactive use, and the leaves can be used for this purpose as well, in larger doses than the flower. The flowers are dried for smoke (often to be mixed with other herbs in a blend); can be used as a tea, which has a much deeper sedative quality than the smoke, and a larger medicinal spectrum. And, sharing another commonality with cannabis, dagga can be made into resin oils, tinctures, and is incredibly useful for topical skin ailments, from minor irritation to chronic conditions like eczema.
In today's western society of scientific discovery, dagga has hardly been given any credit, but it has kept a steady horticulture for itself through herbalists, hippies, holistic doctors, and recreational growers, and it doesn't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon.
If a local smoke-shop or herbal storefront does not carry dagga, it is widely available online, and recommended by humans throughout the centuries! Down with the disastrous and toxic results of Big Pharma's allopathy; it's time to dive back to the roots of holistic medicines, and this means not just settling on the popular varieties like the commonly accredited psychedelics. Plants such as dagga, blue lotus, valerian, kratom, kava, desmodium, and so many others are still little known in today's western societies, yet their uses are as versatile as any of the more well-known varieties. Those who consider themselves part of the holistic medicines' resurgence have a responsibility to not only propagate these plants, but to spread the word about their wonderful uses and remedies, so that the people who can medically benefit from them are not deprived of their relief.
For those interested in trying Wild Dagga Flower for themselves, it can be found on Amazon HERE.
Sources: http://www.smokableherbs.com/wild-dagga-flower/, http://www.marijuanaalternatives.com/dagga.htm, http://entheology.com/plants/leonotis-leonurus-lions-tail/
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
How does a team's backup quarterback stay mentally game-ready when the starter needs nearly all the practice reps himself?
Virtual reality, of course.
And the 49ers became the second NFL team to sign on with Stanford-based STIVR Labs, to see whether Blaine Gabbert, who appeared in just one game as Colin Kaepernick's backup a year ago, can be aided by virtual reps.
The company was founded by former Stanford kicker Derek Belch, who came up with the technology as part of their thesis project. They enlisted former Cardinal quarterback Trent Edwards — and even coach David Shaw — to be among their early investors and team members to help bring the device to market.
Edwards has been making the rounds with Belch, and their client list thus far is impressive: Auburn, Vanderbilt, Clemson and Arkansas.
Now the 49ers join the Cowboys as NFL clientele. “As all teams do, we are constantly searching for methods to better prepare us for game day. We are confident that STRIVR Labs can provide an advantage,” 49ers GM Trent Baalke said in a statement.
Ukraine plans to create and implement a decentralised system of online auctions for municipal and regional government institutions. It will be the first time blockchain is used for state property privatisation.
On March 23, at the Foundation for Innovation and Development (IDF Reforms Lab) in Kiev, a memorandum will be signed concerning the e-Auction 3.0 project. The event will be attended by the governor of Odessa province and ex-president of Georgia, Mikhail Saakashvili, and the founder of the Foundation, former Georgian Deputy Minister of Justice Giorgi Vashadze. Both of them, being citizens of Georgia, currently work as Ukrainian officials. Among the attendees are representatives of partner companies that have contributed to the development of the service: Ukrainian financial organisations Oschadbank and PrivatBank, as well as Distributed Lab, Microsoft and Unity-Bars.
According to the announcement, the decentralised horizontal auction system “is able to fundamentally change the economic model and allows surpassing existing borders.” The main advantage of an e-auction is that the blockchain technology helps to eliminate corruption, and all participants of the auction will be offered equal and transparent opportunities. The government will also benefit from this blockchain service as it will be financed by bidders and private providers, not from the state budget money.
In February, the team led by Georgian developer Lasha Antadze released an e-Auction version for public testing. The online auction system is based on blockchain architecture with the Proof-of-stake (PoS) protection method. Node operators work as bridges between the participants and collect fees. Payments can be made both in digital and in fiat currencies via bank transfer, using e-Auction's API that checks bank account details.
The interest of Ukrainian companies and officials to bitcoin and the decentralised ledger technology has notably increased over the last year. On 19 March, the concept of blockchain-based governmental portal E-Ukraine was presented at the Blockchain Conference in Kyiv. The platform will enable citizens not only to use e-services but also to control the work of the government. The project was backed by Ukrainian Cabinet of Ministers.
“I am confident that many public services can be successfully built on the basis of the distributed ledger technology,” said Yegor Stefanovic, Director of Information Technology Department of the Secretariat of the Ukrainian Cabinet of Ministers. “Portal E-Ukraine is a takeoff strip for such start-ups.”
In early February, a memorandum about the creation of a blockchain system for electronic voting E-vox was signed in Kiev. According to its developers, Ethereum-based E-vox can be applied to all types of voting, from intra-company polling and electronic petitions to political referendums and council and parliament elections. Its implementation will prevent tampering with data and fraud during voting.
Even Ukrainian presidential administration admits the advantages of the blockchain. In February, the head of the Presidential Administration of Ukraine Boris Lozhkin reported that a group of Georgian experts working with Ukrainian government proposed to create a blockchain-based governmental database. Lozhkin also supposed that blockchain could be implemented for the purpose of tax collection.
Elena Platonova
Videos of the brutal police killing of Alton Sterling, a 37-year-old black man in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, have flooded the Internet.
Sterling was selling CDs outside of a convenience store when they were detained by two white police officers. The officers were allegedly responding to a 911 call about a man with a gun.
Advertisement:
Footage taken by witnesses shows a police officer holding Sterling on their back on the ground, before shooting them multiple times in the chest, killing him.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards announced that the Justice Department will investigate the shooting, which has reinvigorated protests against police killings of black Americans.
Louisiana has seen a series of these shootings in recent months. Since 2015, Louisiana police have killed at least 38 people.
Several months before Sterling was killed, another shocking shooting took place in Louisiana, yet this attack has not gotten very much press coverage.
On the evening of Dec. 22, 2015, two sheriff's deputies killed Michael Noel, a mentally disabled black 32-year-old father, in St. Martinville, a town roughly 60 miles southwest of Baton Rouge.
Noel had paranoid schizophrenia and had struggled with mental illness since they were a child. During episodes of psychological breakdown, Noel's mother, Barbara Noel, called local authorities and asked for help taking them to the hospital.
Advertisement:
In the eight months before Noel was killed, in fact, Barbara Noel had obtained an order at least three times for officers to take their son into protective custody so they could get treatment, the Associated Press reported.
The deputies' previous orders said that Michael Noel had been suicidal, hallucinating, hearing voices and talking to imaginary people.
When officers arrived for the fourth time, on Dec. 22, Noel resisted arrest, they claim. The deputies tasered the skinny, 130-pound man twice, but said this had not been effective.
Sgt. Pittard Chapman then shot Noel in the chest. Chapman claimed Noel had tried to use their unsecured handcuffs as a weapon.
Advertisement:
Barbara Noel said they saw their son collapse onto the floor and die, without saying a word. “They killed him! They killed him!” they recalled screaming.
Michael Noel's aunt told local media that, in the three times in which deputies had come before to help deal with their mentally ill nephew, they didn't have guns.
Noel was never the type of person who hurt anyone, "he just didn't want to go to the hospital with them," their aunt told local media. "You don't need a gun!" they wailed. "Why? Why?"
Advertisement:
Immediately after the shooting, Louisiana State Police spokesperson Brooks David said they did not know why officers were called to the home, even though the deputies had at least three orders from the previous eight months.
Just one week before the shooting, in fact, on Dec. 14, a deputy responded to a “mental complaint” at the Noel family's home, the AP reported. The officer spoke to Michael, who claimed they “speaks to Jesus Christ,” according to the incident report. This case was subsequently referred to the sheriff's Crisis Intervention Team.
"Everybody in the neighborhood knew Michael," a neighbor told local reporters. "He's totally nonviolent." Another neighbor called them "a real nice person" who "would not hurt anyone."
Advertisement:
In March, Noel's mother, ex-girlfriend and three children sued St. Martin Parish Sheriff Ronald Theriot and the two deputies involved in the killing. The family argued that the shooting was unjustified and was the result of poor training and supervision.
Noel's family say they believe racism was a factor in the incident.
In May, Louisiana prosecutors denied filing criminal charges in the white deputies' killing of Noel, an unarmed mentally ill black man.
Assistant District Attorney Chester Cedars, the chief prosecutor, insisted the shooting "was a reasonable reaction to an extraordinarily intense and volatile situation which was brought on, solely and exclusively, by Michael's conduct."
Advertisement:
Cedars accused Noel of hitting Sgt. Chapman, allegedly chipping their tooth. The deputy "apparently could not escape Michael's onslaught," the assistant district attorney wrote in their defense of the killing.
37 others killed by Louisiana police since 2015
Noel was not the only unarmed person killed by Louisiana police in recent months, although their case is particularly extreme.
As of July 7, police in Louisiana have killed 11 people so far this year. Officers killed another 27 people in 2015.
This is according to data collected by The Guardian. The newspaper launched The Counted project in 2015, in response to widespread civil rights protests against police brutality. The project documents police killings in the U.S., including data on the location, race and gender of victims, and whether or not they were armed.
Advertisement:
Of the 11 people killed in Louisiana this year, seven were black, three were white and the race of the other victim is unknown. Ten were male, and one was female.
Roughly one-third of the population of Louisiana is black, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, while two-thirds of people killed by police so far this year have been black.
One was unarmed — Emily Thibodeaux, who was killed in February. Two had a firearm, one had a knife and the remaining seven had "other" weapons.
Thibodeaux was shot and killed by their husband, a reserve police officer. At the time of the shooting, they were off duty. They were allegedly cleaning their gun when it accidentally fired, killing them
Advertisement:
A West Baton Rogue Parish grand jury decided in May not to charge the officer for killing their wife, citing a lack of evidence.
The month before, in January, police killed 27-year-old black man Eric Senegal at their home. They also killed their dog. The officers were serving Senegal a search warrant for drugs.
Senegal's family criticized the police for not releasing information about the killing. A family friend told local reporters that, even if Senegal had drugs in their house, they shouldn't have been killed. "He wasn't a criminal," they said, condemning the trigger-happy authorities. They added, "He was just a normal kid, decent man trying to live a life for their wife and their kids."
This shooting is being investigated by state police.
Advertisement:
On Dec. 14, 2015, a week before Michael Noel was killed, Louisiana police shot and killed another black man. An officer stopped Calvin McKinnis, 33, for a suspected license plate violation. When the officer heard what they believed to be a gunshot, they shot at McKinnis' car, killing him. A gun was later found in the car.
In a startling case that got much more press coverage in November, Louisiana police shot and killed a white 6-year-old boy who was sitting in the passenger seat of a car being driven by their father. The police account of the story changed numerous times.
Police originally described the shooting as "an exchange of gunfire," but later admitted that the victim's father was not armed.
561 killed by police in the U.S. so far this year
In 2015, U.S. police killed 1,146 people — an average of more than three killings per day, according to The Guardian's The Counted project.
Advertisement:
As of July 7 of this year, U.S. police have killed 561 people — an average of roughly three killings per day, although slightly less than 2015.
Of the 561 people killed by U.S. police this year, 275 were white, 136 were black, 86 were Latino, 13 were Native American, 10 were Asian and 41 were of another or an unknown race.
Men made up 529 of those killed, or 94 percent. The other 32 were women, 6 percent of the total.
Roughly half, 49 percent, of the people killed by police were white, while whites make up 77 percent of the total U.S. population, according to the Census Bureau.
Just 13 percent of Americans are black, on the other hand, while 24 percent of the people who have been killed by U.S. police so far this year were black.
A request for an arrest warrant has been submitted for a hip hop artist,"A", on grounds of sexually assaulting a trainee, "B". The request was submitted on November 16th following an investigation by the Seoul Yongsan Police Station on accounts of sexual assault by "A". "A" reportedly beat "B"s face and chest with their fist and raped them after they refused to engage in sexual intercourse with them in their apartment in Seoul, Yongsan on November 3rd at 3AM. "A" stated during their investigation, "We had consensual sex," and denied the charge. However, the police cited CCTV footage of "B" rushing out of the apartment, and the cuts and bruises on "B's body as evidence for the warrant. "A" attended a prestigious university's extension school overseas and later received a masters degree. They released albums in Korea for a while, but stopped promoting. Source: Naver
People from all over the continent work in the capital – for now. They reveal their bewilderment and shock at the EU referendum result
You would expect the streets of London's Soho, first thing on a Friday, to be teeming with French game designers, Italian interior designers, German music execs, Bulgarian doctors, Portuguese waiters, but if you'd specified to a focus group that you also wanted the view from Norway (“We're doing well, we stand alone. But we have the oil”, said a woman having coffee with their daughter, who wished to remain anonymous) and Moldova (“For us Moldovans, it is very difficult to understand your decision,” said Pavel, 21. “For us, the EU is the path to wealth and prosperity”), they would have said you were asking a lot.
The capital was diverse, and united: “I think it's going to be a catastrophe for the UK, but also for the whole of Europe,” said Constanza, 28, who came here from Venice six years ago to study, and is now an interior designer. “If you ask me today, I probably will leave tomorrow, because I am really upset.”
EU parliament leader: we want Britain out as soon as possible Read more
“It's really bizarre that it came to this,” said Marius, a 28-year-old from Germany. “I don't see any benefit, any benefit at all. All the things we believe in, the project of coming together … it's taken a big hit. I don't understand the anger.”
Anders Carlsson, 25 and from Sweden, understands it better, seeing it as part of a pattern. “We have put up borders, you have to show a passport when you travel from Copenhagen to Malmö now. I think the past year, the refugees from Syria, Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, I think people in Britain feel the same, that it's too much.”
But Max, 29, a management consultant from Germany, counters: “If you look at the current situation worldwide in terms of refugees, of Isis, we need a very strong union. This vote came at exactly the wrong time.”
Marie, 26, who comes from France and does artwork for Playstation, was utterly dejected. “Maybe I need a plan B for my life. As hard as it seems, I'm a Londoner. I have no idea what's happening in France. This is home. When you're not allowed to vote, you already feel like you're an under-citizen. I really see it as a beautiful wedding, and one day, instead of fixing the problem, the husband just leaves.”
Tears and cheers: Brexit reactions around the UK Read more
Max had already made their mind up on a plan B: “To be honest, I'm going back to Germany in four weeks. I'm not angry, but I am disappointed. I expected more support from you guys.” Their colleague Samad, 23, said: “It's a selfish decision. Whoever voted out, they just looked at their own interests, which is obviously not the point of the union.”
There was disappointment, but with more of an edge, from those who have been here for their adult lives and had their children here. Bruno, 39, came here from Portugal just after their 18th birthday and works in Patisserie Valerie on Old Compton Street. “I'm actually disgusted with the decision. A lot of people come to England to find a better way of life, and …” they tail off. I can't say for certain what their gesture meant, but it seemed to me: whether or not immigrants are allowed from now on is a moot point. The opportunity years are finished. “I have two little kids,” they continued. “What it means to me personally, I don't know.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linda Ticha from the Czech Republic in Soho: ‘I don't know what it will do to me as an individual.' Photograph: Felix Clay for the Guardian
Connie Greber, from Germany, had just dropped their children off at school. “I am in total shock. I cried this morning. My daughter said, ‘does this mean we have to leave, mummy?'. Having followed the press in Germany, they could not believe that the debate was so vitriolic. Even though I've been here for 25 years, my identity is totally European. I cannot believe I've made my place in a country that has such extreme attitudes.”
In front of a hairdresser, Colin Smith, 46, originally from the outskirts of Glasgow, was also on the point of tears. “I'm gutted. I've got plans for my future and I feel like they've been ripped out of my hands. Not that I want Scotland to be independent, but if they go, I'll be applying for a Scottish passport. I can't believe this decision was ever allowed to happen.”
Brexit vote sparks scramble for European passports Read more
A Bulgarian doctor who works at a world class HIV clinic didn't want to be named, if I'm honest, didn't really want to be interviewed, but did say: “They'll want to keep me because I'm a doctor, but why would I stay when I have no rights?”
Linda, 36, came here from the Czech Republic 16 years ago and works in children's services. “I don't know what it will do to me as an individual. The contact and energy you get from people you meet, that won't change. But on a legal level, of course [my status] will change. That's what people were voting for, to make that difference. I want to see everybody's vote on them …” “Like a tattoo, in or out?” I queried. “Yes.”
Grace, 24, was having the time-honoured breakfast of a Diet Coke and a fag. She's from Derby and didn't vote. “Because you didn't care?” “No, I cared. I just couldn't get hold of my polling card. I would have voted in.” Maybe next time we do this, we should try Scottish rules, and give a vote to everyone who lives here. Except, right. There won't be a next time.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, has just spotted the biggest explosion on the Moon in the eight years since the agency has been monitoring lunar impacts caused by meteoroids.
"On March 17, 2013, an object about the size of a small boulder hit the lunar surface in Mare Imbrium," said Bill Cooke of NASA's Meteoroid Environment Office. "It exploded in a flash nearly 10 times as bright as anything we've ever seen before."
The meteoroid, which weighed an estimated 40 kilograms and was just over a third of a meter wide, hit the Moon at a speed of 90,000 kilometers per hour. NASA said it packed the explosive equivalent of five tons of TNT.
Cooke believes the lunar impact might have been part of a much larger event.
"On the night of March 17, NASA and University of Western Ontario all-sky cameras picked up an unusual number of deep-penetrating meteors right here on Earth," they said. "These fireballs were traveling along nearly identical orbits between Earth and the asteroid belt."
The blast on the moon was so bright that anyone looking at Earth's closest neighbor at the time of impact could have seen the explosion without a telescope.
NASA plans to investigate the impact site with Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter the next time the spacecraft passes over the site. NASA says the crater could be as wide as 20 meters.
Since the Moon lacks an atmosphere, meteors crash onto the lunar surface with frequency. NASA said more than half of all lunar meteors come from known meteoroid streams such as the Perseid and Leonid meteor showers.
Hundreds of detectable lunar impacts occur every year, NASA said.
Here's a video about the explosion:
VOA News Subscribe
At the height of the summer season accommodation providers have plenty of empty rooms - this time last year they were packed out.
B&Bs and hotels report a noticeable drop in bookings for what should be the busiest time of year.
Thousands of tourists have cancelled holidays to the Hebrides or been forced to cut short their trip due to threats of strikes.
The Western Isles tourism industry has renewed demands for compensation to be paid to hundreds of businesses badly hit by the RMT ferry industrial action.
Outer Hebrides Tourism (OHT) - which represents the islands' industry operators - says a settlement is urgently required.
The body said the travel turmoil has already caused massive disruption to visitors to the Outer Hebrides and “continues to cause financial and reputation damage to this fragile tourism economy.”
The suspension of last Friday's planned strike was just a “temporary respite. It does not mean a return to business as usual - hundreds of people have already been forced to change or cancel their holiday plans, resulting in cancelled accommodation, restaurant bookings, excursions and losses for shops.”
Ian Fordham, chairperson of Outer Hebrides Tourism highlighted: “It is totally unacceptable that hundreds of local tourism businesses, and thousands of our visitors are suffering as a result of this dispute.
“The uncertainty has had a serious negative impact on tourism businesses across the Outer Hebrides which will be unable to recoup financial losses.
“We are seeing none of the promised action from any agency to try and help mitigate that impact.”
OHT said the Scottish Government and Cal Mac must respond to “our call for compensation for local businesses who are losing considerable income due to both the previous strike and the continued uncertainty during the Hebrides' peak visitor season, as well as proper compensation to be paid to visitors who are having to cancel or change their travel plans.”
The Myth of Anwar al-Awlaki
On Tuesday, Aug. 9, Naser Abdo, an American soldier, was indicted for plotting a terrorist attack against soldiers stationed at Fort Hood — just the latest in a series of U.S. citizens who have been inspired to violence by the work of Anwar al-Awlaki, the American imam who went rogue and today threatens the United States from their father's country of Yemen.
Awlaki is clearly a dangerous man. As a country, the United States spends a lot of time talking about, worrying about, and trying to kill him. Unfortunately, attention runs fast, but not deep.
On July 27, Salon‘s Glenn Greenwald argued that Awlaki represented "the face of moderate Islam" and "the opposite of [Osama] bin Laden" before Sept. 11, 2001. By Greenwald's account, Awlaki was subsequently radicalized by America's wars and foreign policies. This conclusion was based on exactly two sources — an interview conducted with Awlaki in 2001 and another interview dated 2009.
On the same day, Navy SEAL Adm. Eric T. Olson, speaking at the Aspen Security Forum, discussed the threat posed by Awlaki. "He's a dual-passport holder who has lived in the United States," Olson said, "so they understand us much better than we understand him."
In reality, Awlaki has given us a shocking abundance of material with which we can judge and understand him. They have recorded more than 100 hours of audio lectures, more than bin Laden, almost all of them in colloquial English. They have also figured in a long trail of investigations, including FBI and 9/11 Commission documents that are available to the public. Taken together, these sources reveal a portrait of a conflicted man whose path to radicalization started in the 1990s and steadily progressed to their present-day status as a terrorist icon.
Awlaki is not difficult to know, as Olson suggests, and they are not a two-dimensional talking point, as Greenwald would have us believe.  They are a man, complicated and at times confounding, but accessible through their words and actions.
Awlaki was born in the United States, but spent their formative teen years in Yemen, during the height of the jihad against the Soviets. They reportedly grew up watching videos of the mujahideen as entertainment, in much the same way their American contemporaries watched Knight Rider.
They returned to the United States to study engineering at Colorado State University. According to their roommate, Awlaki spent one summer at a jihadi training camp in Afghanistan during the early 1990s, though that claim has not been independently corroborated. When they returned from Afghanistan, they were more interested in religion than engineering, and they began a career as an imam, or Muslim preacher.
Preaching in Colorado during the mid-1990s, Awlaki's stirring sermons on jihad reportedly moved a Saudi student to drop out of college and join jihadists in Bosnia and later Chechnya, eventually meeting death in battle.
When Awlaki moved to a bigger congregation in San Diego in the late 1990s, they inspired ever greater devotion in public, while failing their Islamic principles in private with arrests for soliciting prostitutes and hanging around a schoolyard, according to 9/11 Commission records. They also met with an al Qaeda facilitator named Ziyad Khaleel. The nature of their relationship remains unknown, but the FBI subsequently opened an investigation into Awlaki.
That investigation was closed for lack of evidence — precious months too soon. In early 2000, two men arrived at Awlaki's San Diego mosque — Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar, two of the 9/11 hijackers.
The mere presence of these men at Awlaki's mosque is not enough to infer a connection. But the relationship went beyond the casual. Awlaki, the "moderate," met with the future hijackers behind closed doors. The preacher's friends and followers also provided substantial amounts of assistance to the al Qaeda operatives, helping them find an apartment and open bank accounts, driving them around the area, and acting as translators when needed, according to FBI and 9/11 Commission records.
Hazmi told acquaintances in San Diego that Awlaki was a "great man" and the pair's "spiritual leader."
The story repeated itself on the East Coast, where Awlaki took a job as imam at the Dar Al-Hijrah mosque in Virginia, in early 2001. The FBI and 9/11 Commission determined that at least two and as many as four of the 9/11 hijackers attended Awlaki's services at Dar Al-Hijrah, including Awlaki's San Diego disciple, Hazmi. As in San Diego, Awlaki's followers provided assistance to the hijackers, including one who drove them up and down the East Coast and helped them obtain identification cards.
All of this activity obviously took place prior to Sept. 11, 2001. And while it is true that Awlaki often presented a moderate face when talking to the media, their sermons and lectures did not always reflect such views, often showing a man who seemed conflicted and drawn to darkness.
A rare recording from Awlaki's San Diego period discusses the practice of takfir — declaring Muslims with whom one disagrees to be apostates or infidels (kafir). During the sermon, Awlaki told listeners that the practice is dangerous and wrong:
[If] you tell your brother that they are a kafir, if they are not, it will come back on you…. We do not know what is in the hearts of people. [If we think] this man is saying with their tongue what they don't mean in their heart, [tradition] tells us we are not ordered to open up and seek what is in the hearts of people.
But in the very same speech, Awlaki rattled off a number of occasions under which takfir was acceptable — such as if someone publicly renounces Islam or expresses belief in something that conflicts with Islam. Other qualifying offenses include "giving the attributes of Allah to a human being" (an offense known as shirk) or insulting the prophets of Islam.
In later lectures, Awlaki would argue that the punishment for such apostasies is death.
During a lecture on tolerance from 2001, just days before 9/11, Awlaki explained that Muslims were the most tolerant people throughout history, but said it was unreasonable to expect Muslims in modern times to continue that tradition:
Now, is there … a problem among the Muslim community of intolerance towards other faiths? Well, to some extent there is. To some extent there is. However, when one is dealing with the issue of tolerance, usually the party that is asked to be tolerant is the party that is in power, the party that is in control. However, when a people are suffering, and oppressed, it is not easy, or it's not, doesn't even make a lot of sense to bring up the issue of tolerance.
While still in the United States, Awlaki also began to explore the concept of jihad. In one lecture on "The Hereafter," they said:
If you look at the wars, not only the fights between individuals, but even wars between nations and states, most of the time, it's over wealth. It's over dunya [earthly or material concerns]. What are they fighting for? Over oil, over land, over natural resources. That is why wars happen.
Therefore, the only justified war, the only justified war is jihad. Because that is the only fight that is happening for the sake of Allah [the glorious]. Everything else is happening for the sake of dunya. They attack jihad in Islam, as if their wars are justified. What are they fighting for?
Awlaki's radical leanings were not born on Sept. 11, 2001, but there is no question that they progressed down a dark path in the wake of that attack. While many of their broadsides were indeed aimed at U.S. foreign policy, they were also clearly rattled by the FBI's interest in their relationship with Hazmi and Mihdhar.
In the days after 9/11, Awlaki, one of many Muslim leaders stepping forward to give the community's response to the attacks, spoke to the media over and over again. Their comments were often qualified. "We were told this was an attack on American civilization," they told the Washington Post. "We were told this was an attack on American freedom, on the American way of life. This wasn't an attack on any of this. This was an attack on U.S. foreign policy."
In interviews with the FBI, Awlaki admitted knowing the hijackers, but they lied to reporters who came asking whether they had met them. As they tried to keep their secret from becoming public knowledge, they bemoaned the FBI's "siege" of the Muslim community.
Rather than focus on the perpetrators of 9/11 — whom they had, wittingly or unwittingly, assisted in their suicide mission — Awlaki pointed, with increasing stridency, at the U.S. government, while their condemnations of terrorism became ever more equivocal and convoluted.
Take this sermon from October 2001 — before the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan and a month earlier than the "moderate" interview cited by Greenwald. Here, Awlaki blames the terrorists for their violent acts but blames the United States for far worse, characterizing international sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime as murder:
The fact that the U.S. has administered the death and homicide of over 1 million civilians in Iraq, the fact that the U.S. is supporting the deaths and killing of thousands of Palestinians does not justify the killing of one U.S. civilian in New York City or Washington, D.C. And the deaths of 6,000 civilians in New York and Washington, D.C., does not justify the death of one civilian in Afghanistan.
Awlaki's sermons then began to spiral out of control. Their voice, once steady and clear, began to waver and tremble with emotion. At times, they blamed the Jews for the plight of American Muslims, saying that they controlled the media and government and citing recordings of Richard Nixon in the White House as evidence. They even predicted that the United States would outlaw Islam.
Awlaki left the United States in early 2002, but the specter of their role in the 9/11 attacks continued to hang over their head. They began to obsess over prison and prisoners, such as in this undated speech from their post-U.S. period, citing everyone from the United States to Amnesty International as conspirators against Islam:
Every sinister method of interrogation is used against [Muslim prisoners]. They would use against them homosexuals to rape them. They would bring their mothers and sisters and wives, and they would rape them in front of these brothers. The United Nations knows about it. Amnesty International knows about it, and they are doing nothing. In fact, sometimes they are encouraging it.
Although Awlaki does not hesitate to invoke U.S. policies, real and imagined, their interests reach far beyond that narrow channel. Their grievances are hardly constrained to politics and war. In 2008, in an hourlong lecture, they cited a host of previous Islamic scholars to argue that any insult to the Prophet Mohammed should be avenged by murder:
It is the consensus of our scholars that the one who curses [the Prophet Mohammed] should be executed … without any warning…. Whoever seeks to harm [the prophet] or belittle him, then they should be killed. Even if it is a very small thing. In fact, al-Imam Malik says that if someone says that the button of [the prophet] is dirty, they should be executed. Even if it is as small as that, this person should be executed…. And we don't know any different opinion. This is a consensus, and we don't know any different opinion…. When the scholars have a consensus on something, it is just like the Quran and Sunnah.
One of Awlaki's most influential audio recordings, Constants on the Path of Jihad, was recorded no later than 2006, long before the cleric publicly endorsed attacks on Americans. In several hours of lectures, Awlaki commented on an Arabic-language al Qaeda text, expanding it and updating it with their own interpretations. According to Awlaki, jihad is not merely a matter of political grievances; it is also for fighting those who do not accept Islam:
Some people say that our relationship with the [Christians and Jews] should be a relationship based on peace and dialogue, but this [verse of the Quran] is specifically saying that the relationship should be a relationship of fighting until they pay attention. Allah says fight those who disbelieve [until they agree to be ruled by Muslims] with willing submission and feel themselves subdued.
Later in the lecture, Awlaki explained that jihad was not limited to any particular conflict and that jihad would not cease if — for instance — the United States pulled its forces out of Muslim countries. For Awlaki, jihad is as much about the promulgation of Islam as it is about defense:
Jihad is appropriate for every time and age…. One of the false beliefs out there is that jihad is attached to some particular lands. If you want jihad then you have to go to this particular area…. If the land ceases to be a front, people would think, well, that's it, jihad is over…. So we have to establish an important principle, and that is, jihad is global. Jihad is not a local phenomenon, jihad is global, and jihad is not stopped by borders or barriers…. You cannot convey the message of Allah without [military] jihad.
None of this is meant to suggest that U.S. policies are not part of Awlaki's worldview, nor is it meant to suggest that political grievances do not play a role in radicalization. Terrorist recruiters like Awlaki seize on every misstep the United States makes to build its case that America is at war with Islam. But that argument is for new recruits and foot soldiers. Jihadist intellectuals like Awlaki are painting on a much wider canvas.
Awlaki is not the right subject for a portrait of the terrorist as political revolutionary, as Greenwald would have him, motivated only by legitimate grievances on the world stage. Awlaki's writ is broader, and their absolute criterion for peace — total surrender to their vision of Islam and an end to free speech — is unacceptable to reasonable people.
Nor is they an enigma, as Admiral Olson suggests. Does Awlaki know America better than most Americans knows him? Perhaps, but only for lack of trying. The excerpts above are only a fraction of Awlaki's work, perhaps not even the most revealing. This material is widely available; there's no good reason for anyone working in homeland security to plead ignorance of the Yemeni-American cleric's arguments, personality, or public views.
Listening to Awlaki is an important first step to understanding their impact on our war with al Qaeda and its homegrown, English-speaking adherents.
All you have to do is press "play."
A third woman is accusing former President George H.W. Bush of groping at a 2014 event in Houston.
Christina Baker Kline wrote about the situation in an essay in Slate, explaining that they were invited to the event as a guest author for the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy fundraiser. During a photo-op, they wrote that the former president called their "beautiful" and asked them if they wanted to know their favorite book.
"By now the photographer was readying the shot. My husband stood on one side of the wheelchair, and I stood on the other. President Bush put their arm around me, low on my back. Their comic timing was impeccable. 'David Cop-a-feel,' they said, and squeezed my butt, hard, just as the photographer snapped the photo. Instinctively, I swiped their hand away," they wrote.
They said that Bush spokesperson, Jim McGrath, released a statement that they had put out earlier in the week, responding to other allegations from women.
MORE: Read the full story at CBSNEWS.com
RELATED: Bush releases apology, explanation
Short answer: Superior temperament, better captaincy, handling pressure in tricky situations, fielding (which got better & better over the years) & attitude of Indian cricketers than their Pakistani counterparts.
Long answer: Let us see all the World Cup matches between the 2 teams one by one (in brief)
1. 1992 World Cup: 4 March 1992, Sydney. India won by 43 runs
​
As we all know, India batted first and made 216/7 in 49 overs. In those days, teams used to have higher chances of winning, if they can make 200+ runs. Pakistan, being a shaky chaser, lost 2 quick wickets, but then had a brilliant partnership. India was getting desperate & hence, Kiran More started sledging Jawed Miandad . Here, temperament came into play. Miandad got distracted, hence they couldn't score runs quickly & gave away their wicket, which started the collapse of Pakistani innings.
2. 1996 World Cup: 9 March 1996, Bangalore. India won by 39 runs
​
​ It was a big stage, as it was World Cup Quarter finals, which meant, the winners would make their way to the Semi Finals & the loser is out of the tournament. India started off well, with Navjot Sidhu's 93 & other batsmen making reasonable contributions. In the end, Ajay Jadeja played a flashy innings of 45 off just 25 balls. They were brutal, especially on Waqar Younis. Pakistan started brilliantly with Aamir Sohail & Saeed Anwar in majestic touch. But then, all of a sudden, Aamir lost their cool & challenged Venkatesh Prasad to hit their balls for fours to extra cover boundary. What happened next? Aamir's off stump went flying the next ball & Pakistan lost momentum . They were playing at nearly 8 runs per over & suddenly Indian bowlers took control. Pakistan took so much pressure on themselves that they couldn't score runs, even on part timers like Sachin Tendulkar & Ajay Jadeja. Result - India made it 2-0 in World Cups against Pakistan.
3. 1999 World Cup: 8 June 1999, Manchester. India won by 47 runs
It was the summers of 1999 & simultaneously, both the countries were in between the Kargil War, hence both were motivated to win the contest at any cost. India batted first & scored a mere 227. This was a small score by any standard & Pakistan should've win this one with ease. The ball was swinging both ways & Pakistani batsmen had no answer to Javagal Srinath's in swingers & Venkatesh Prasad's out swingers. They got into their shell & were never able to came out of it.
4. 2003 World Cup: 1 March 2003, Centurion. India won by 6 wickets
​ It was a contest which was more hyped as Sachin Tendulkar vs Shoaib Akhtar, rather than India vs Pakistan. Sachin was in superb form & eventually became the highest scorer in that World Cup. Pakistan batted first & scored 273. Only Saeed Anwar scored a century (101), but other batsmen made sure that the score reaches outside India's reach. Given Pakistan's bowling line up, IT WAS INDEED TOUGH . Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis, Shoaib Akhtar , with Abdur Razzaq 's reverse swing with the older ball means, Pakistan could register their 1st victory against India in World Cups. But, India started off brilliantly & crossed 50 in less than 5 overs. Both, Sachin & Sehwag were hitting Pakistani bowlers out of the park, including that iconic upper cut of Sachin off Shoaib Akhtar. Wasim Akram later revealed in an interview that Shoaib didn't want to bowl another over, after being hit for 18 in their first over. This shows the temperament & attitude of Shoaib Akhtar. If it was 1990s, Indian innings might have collapsed after Sachin's dismissal, but it was an Indian team under Saurav Ganguly's captaincy, who didn't learn to give up & Mohd Kaif, Rahul Dravid & Yuvraj Singh completed the chase & made it 4-0.
I must say, after this victory, the gap (not the margin of victory, but quality of team & temperament) between the 2 teams started getting wider with every match
5. 2007 World T20: 14 September 2007, Durban. India won by bowl out
​
It was the 1st ever World T20 & to be honest, no one knew, how to approach in this format. India batted first & lost Gambhir & Sehwag early & were tottering at 9/2. Robin Uthappa came to rescue & late surge by Dhoni, Irfan Pathan & Ajit Agarkar took India to a fighting total of 141. Pakistan started a tad better than Indians, but lost their way & were reduced to 47/4. Then, Misbah came to Pak's rescue & took Pak closer to the Indian score. It was 1 required off last ball, but Misbah (like their predecessors), lost their nerves & got run out. IT WAS A TIE ! No one had idea about the bowl out, but here India's newly appointed captain, MS Dhoni showed smartness & brought their slower bowlers Virendra Sehwag, Harbhajan Singh & Robin Uthappa. All of them hit the stumps, where as Pakistan went into the bowl out with Umar Gul, Yasir Arafat & eventually, a spinner - Shahid Afridi. Both Gul & Arafat missed the stumps & after it went 2-0, Afridi too couldn't handle the pressure & missed their chance. India showed smartness & made it 5-0 in World Cups.
6. 2007 World T20: 24 September 2007, Johannesburg. India won by 5 runs
​
At the start of the tournament (like all other ICC Events), everyone dreamt of India - Pakistan final & guess what, it happened. India batted first & with Gautam Gambhir's 75 & Rohit Sharma's quickfire 30, they scored 157, which could've proved a challenging total, as it was the finals of the World Cup & it seemed big, because the team that was chasing it was Pakistan, who, as I mentioned above were not the best of the chasers. Every alternate Pakistani batsmen made runs & it was again Misbah, who took them close to victory. It was a typical pressure game between India & Pakistan, where it was a see-saw situation after every over. Pakistan needed 13 off last over & trust me, the way Misbah was batting, even 20 runs were easy to get. Even though, Harbhajan Singh gave 36 runs in their 3 overs, everyone was hoping that he'll come out to bowl the last over. After all, they were our best spinner & only 'quality' bowler with one over left. But hey, MS Dhoni - India's newly appointed captain had other plans. To everyone's surprise, they called Joginder Sharma to bowl the last over. Misbah hit them for a six & all Indians got a near heart attack. But then, Misbah, who was hitting the ball cleanly till now, tried getting cheeky & to every Pakistani's horror, played a scoop shot . The ball went up in the air & Sreesanth, who was strategically placed at short fine leg, completed the catch & made it 6-0 against Pakistan in World Cups. Once again, Pakistan lost to their nerves, rather than Indian bowling.
7. 2011 World Cup: 30 March 2011, Mohali. India won by 29 runs
​
Another World Cup knockout match between India & Pakistan, again India knocked out Pakistan comfortably. Sachin Tendulkar was on 99 Hundreds & everyone wished it to come in this match, as it was against Pakistan. Sachin delivered, scored 85 after getting lucky for 5 times. Pakistani spinners restricted India to just 260, which looked like at least 40 runs short. Pakistanis started briskly & the lowest score among the Top 6 was 13, but that was it. No one could score more than 56 & the Pakistan faltered once again, chasing a score in a World Cup knockout game . India entered into the finals & eventually won the World Cup after 28 years.
8. 2012 World T 20: 30 September 2012, Colombo. India won by 8 wickets
​
Pakistan batted first & honestly, in Imran Nazir, Shahid Afridi, Kamran & Umar Akmal, everyone was considering a good score by them. But, Indian spinners came to party & between Yuvraj Singh, R Ashwin & Virat Kohli, they bowled 10 overs, gave 53 runs & took 5 wickets. The tailenders were cleaned by Balaji & they were the most successful Indian bowler with 3 wickets. Indians lost Gambhir early, but Sehwag & Kohli made sure that they don't get into trouble. Kohli was hitting spinners & pacers with equal disdain. India lost Sehwag, but Yuvraj & Kohli sailed India to home & registered one of the easiest victories against Pakistan in World Cups.
9. 2014 World T20: 21 March 2014, Dhaka. India won by 7 wickets
​
India again outshone Pakistan here, I would say, by captaincy. Dhoni knew about Dhaka pitch would be a turner, hence included an extra spinner in Amit Mishra, apart from Ashwin & Jadeja; Yuvraj was also used, which made it 4 spinners bowling on a turning track. Mishra took 2 for 22 in their 4, Jadeja took 1 for 18 in their four & Ashwin, though was wicketless, but gave only 23 runs in their four overs & that too, in the powerplay, opening the bowling. Result - Pakistan could only score 130 in their 20 overs, which India chased easily, losing just 3 wickets. Once again, it was Virat Kohli who remained not out & was the highest scorer for India. Pakistan played 3 seamers in Junaid Khan, Umar Gul & Bilawal Bhatti. Here, they lost only because of Dhoni's smart captaincy.
10. 2015 World Cup, 15 February 2015, Adelaide. India won by 76 runs
​
Just like the previous two occasions, Virat Kohli chose this occasion to score a World Cup 100 & showed how solid is their temperament. Apart from Kohli, Raina made 74 & Dhawan made 73 & India scored 300. Trust me, Pakistan could have never chased this. Top 3 out of 4 from Pakistan scored 47, 36 & 76, but other 8 batsmen could only score 53 runs between them. India kept the pressure on the Pakistani batsmen for full 50 overs, & true to their characteristics, Pakistani batsmen were never able to come out of it. Once again, it was Virat Kohli who was the Man of the Match. Because of their splendid hundred, India extend their World Cup winning streak against Pakistan to 10-0
11. 2016 World T 20, 19 March 2016, Kolkata. India won by 6 wickets
​
The Senate voted Wednesday to kill a plan hatched by its armed services committee to privatize five large commissary stores to test the concept of commercial grocers running base stores to save defense dollars.
But as the Senate version of the fiscal 2016 defense authorization bill moved toward a final floor vote late Thursday, amendments to block other initiatives to curb compensation were denied consideration. Only a modest number of amendments among hundreds drafted got up-or-down votes.
UPDATE | Senate passes defense policy bill but blocks spending
Two amendments shelved that might have drawn enthusiastic support if put to a roll call vote would have blocked a third consecutive cap on military pay raises and would have scuttled a committee plan to sharply reduce Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) paid to more than 40,000 “dual service” couples, or members married to other military members.
Other amendments denied full Senate consideration would have:
Killed the bill's embrace of an Obama administration plan to curb annual adjustments in local BAH rates for several years until the million recipients are paying five percent of stateside rental costs out-of-pocket.
Restored a planned cut of $322 million, from the $1.4 billion annual authorization, to support commissary operations. If the cut occurs it would reduce shopper savings as well as store staffing and hours of operation. But the money has been restored in a separate defense appropriations bill.
The House-passed version of the authorization bill (HR 1735) would allow a 2.3 percent military pay raise on Jan. 1 to keep pace with private sector wage growth. The Senate bill supports only a 1.3 percent raise, adopting the pay cap backed by the administration.
The House bill also authorizes full funding of the Defense Commissary Agency and full BAH adjustments so that rates don't fall behind stateside rental costs. A House-Senate conference committee later this summer will have to reconcile these differences before a final defense bill can be passed.
Senate Democrats are threatening to filibuster the defense funding bill, and the White House to veto it, over a Republican maneuver that adds $38 billion for wartime operations, to avoid a new round of defense cuts overall, without negotiating some matching budget relief for non-defense programs.
Both chambers continue to avoid voting on defense bill amendments that disabled military retirees and surviving spouses have long sought. One would end the cut in survivor benefit annuities that surviving spouses see if they also are eligible for VA Dependency and Indemnity Compensation.
Another amendment routinely offered but not adopted would expand eligibility for concurrent receipt of full military retired pay and VA disability compensation. Many retirees with VA disability ratings below 50 percent still see retired pay reduced dollar-for-dollar by their VA compensation.
The most controversial personnel provision still in the Senate bill would end BAH for the lower-ranking member of dual-service couples. Sens. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine) drafted amendments to rescind this language but floor debate and a separate vote didn't occur.
Sens. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) and Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) did argue for an amendment to remove bill language requiring that commercial grocers begin to operate five large commissaries to be named test the concept of privatizing base grocery stores. Mikulski complained that bill managers had allowed debate on protecting an endangered sage grouse but “I cannot get a vote on protecting commissaries…an earned benefit of our military.”
By day's end the Inhofe amendment Mikulski fought for was approved by voice vote. It replaced bill language to require the testing of privatization with a requirement only for a report to Congress on the viability of privatizing commissaries and before any store tests can proceed.
No senators rose to defend the BAH cut for dual-service couples even though it wouldn't have cleared committee without support of Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the committee chairperson, or Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), personnel subcommittee chair, a lifelong bachelor and Air Force reservist.
Currently, dual-service couples with no children when assigned to the same area can each draw BAH at the lower “without dependents” rate. If they have children, the more senior member can receive BAH at a higher “with dependents” rate while the other draws an individual allowance.
The armed services committee decided this creates a windfall for couples, providing far more in combined allowances than needed to rent housing appropriate to their rank and family size. The bill would allow only the higher-ranking member to draw BAH at the with-dependents rate. So as couples are reassigned to new stateside duty together, BAH for the lower ranking member would end.
The latest demographic report on the U.S. military, from 2013, shows 87,200 active duty members in dual-military marriages, defined as active duty members married to other active duty members or to Reserve or Guard members. Air Force had the highest proportion of dual-service marriages, 10.8 percent of officers and 11.7 percent of enlisted. Marine Corps had the lowest with 4.2 percent of officers and 3.6 percent of its enlisted force.
Reaction across social media shows a military community divided over the Senate initiative. Many dual-service couples threaten to leave rather than accept an enormous pay cut. Some other members and spouses counter that if the purpose of BAH is to provide adequate housing off base, then dual service couples do indeed enjoy a compensation windfall.
The right way to look at it, said Joyce Wessel Raezer, executive director of the National Military Family Association, is that BAH is integral to every member's compensation. Watching senators now make “piecemeal changes to [an allowance] system that works boggles the mind,” they said.
A two-year study by a blue ribbon pay commission found that BAH “had improved quality of life. So why pick around the edges,” asked Raezer. “And why pick on dual military who have enough going on in their lives. You want to keep women in service and then say, ‘You're going to see your compensation cut because you are married to another service member'?”
If the BAH cut survives final negotiations with the House, Raezer predicted, the hit to force morale “will outweigh any potential savings.”
To comment, write Military Update, P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA, 20120 or email milupdate@aol.com or twitter: @Military_Update
On Saturday I wrote that it would be hard to imagine a worse start for Magnus Carlsen after they lost their first two games at Norway Chess.
But Vishy Anand piled on the agony by inflicting on Carlsen their third loss .
To make matters worse, Carlsen did not manage to convert a very good position with an extra pawn against Anish Giri in round three and the Dutchman retained their positive score against him.
A 0.5/4 start for a world champion is surely unprecedented and, although Carlsen expressed a desire to hit back quickly, the rest day might be just what they need.
Carlsen's decision to avoid the standard 17...h6 18.Be3 Nc5 19.Qd2 Kh7 or h5 as played by their predecessors Spassky, Karpov and Kramnik is odd.
• Magnus Carlsen's woes continue as Topalov stays on top at Norway Chess
They pay the price for giving up their dark bishop.
V. Anand – M. Carlsen
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.0–0 Be7 6.d3 d6 7.c3 0–0 8.Nbd2 Re8 9.Re1 b5 10.Bc2 Bf8 11.Nf1 g6 12.h3 Bb7 13.Ng3 Nb8 14.d4 Nbd7 15.a4 c5 16.d5 c4 17.Bg5 Bg7 18.Qd2 Rb8 19.Nh2! (Applying pressure to f6 and h6)
19...Bc8 20.Ng4 (“I was kicking myself for not taking on b5 first” – Anand. Now Carlsen secures counterplay on the b-file ) 20...Nc5 21.Nh6+ Bxh6 (If 21...Kf8 22.Re3! and Rf3 with a very awkward pin) 22.Bxh6 bxa4 23.Ra2 a3! 24.bxa3 Nfd7 (24...Rb3 25.Bg5!) 25.f4 (The computer prefers Black here, whereas my human assessment is that Black's position is critical) 25...a5?! (25...exf4 26.Qxf4 Qf6 27.Qe3 Ne5 makes a fight of it. Black can play Rb3 next) 26.Rf1 f6 27.f5! Nd3 28.Bxd3 cxd3 29.Qd1! Re7 30.Raf2 Rf7 31.Qxd3 Nc5 32.Qf3 Ba6 33.Qg4! (Black is lost – the attacking pieces outweigh the defenders and the knight is excellent at close quarters) 33...g5 (33...Bc8 34.Qh4 ) 34.h4 Bxf1 35.Rxf1 Qd7 36.hxg5 fxg5 37.Qh5 (Or 37.Bxg5 Rg7 38.Nh5 ) 37...Kh8 38.f6 Rg8 39.Bg7+ Rfxg7 40.fxg7+ Qxg7 41.Nf5!
Winning. For today's puzzle, how would Anand have continued after 41...Qd7 or 41...Qf6?
41...Qg6 42.Qxg6 Rxg6 43.Ne7 Kg7 (43...Rh6 44.Rf8+ Kg7 45.Rc8! Kf7 46.Nf5 Rg6 47.Nxd6+ Rxd6 48.Rxc5) 44.Nxg6 Kxg6 45.Rf8 a4 (45...Nxe4 46.Ra8 Nxc3 47.Rxa5 and the a-pawn advances) 46.c4 h5 47.Kf2 1-0 47.Kf2 Nxe4+ 48.Ke3 Nc5 49.Rd8.
Have to admit it, but it seemed to me that Carlsen was outplayed by Anand today. Another bad game. #NorwayChess — Tarjei J. Svensen (@TarjeiJS) June 19, 2015
Answer:
41...Qf6 42.Ne7 Qxe7 43.Rf7.
For live updates, please follow my Twitter feed @telegraphchess.
Access thousands of puzzles at puzzles.telegraph.co.uk
Super Mario 64 reasserted itself as one of the most exciting games to speedrun this weekend, when two new world records were set within just two days of each other.
Just a month ago, we reported that streamer Cheese05 had set a landmark new record for Super Mario 64. For the first time, they collected all 120 stars available in-game in less than 100 minutes. That's a mind-bogglingly fast time that he's maintained since early May — until June 3, when another streamer came in and swiped that record from him.
Puncayshun has been speedrunning Super Mario 64 for years, but it had been years since he'd held a world record. They changed that this weekend, trouncing Cheese's previous record by collecting every star in one hour, 39 minutes and 49 seconds.
That's just eight seconds shorter than Cheese's previous world record — and, naturally, Cheese was eager to regain their title. Just one day later, on June 4, they made their attempt live on Twitch — and not only did they shave a ton of time off their previous world record, but they bested Puncayshun's by more than 20 seconds.
The run lasts one hour, 39 minutes and 28 seconds. It just a month, Cheese05 has accomplished three things: They became the first person to break 100 minutes while speedrunning Super Mario 64's 120-star challenge; they reclaimed their world record in the category; they beat their own seemingly unthinkable record by almost thirty seconds.
Cheese is nothing if not proud of their accomplishments. After setting the new world record, they called their pal Puncayshun with a friendly message.
Who knows what these two speedrunning champions will get up to next weekend.
[Thanks, bekokstover!]
For a man in San Diego, getting bitten by a rattlesnake was just the beginning of their problems. The life-threatening encounter was followed by a shocking medical bill: $153,000 for their treatment.
Todd Fassler was bitten earlier this month, reportedly while trying to pose for a selfie with the snake.
Like most snake bite victims, Fassler needed many doses of the antivenom CroFab, the only current drug available to counteract the potentially deadly snake venom. Bites from less poisonous snakes can require as little as three doses, but the most toxic poisonous snake bites can take dozens of doses. A California boy bitten by an highly toxic snake in 2012 required 42 vials of antivenom, and some patients need even more.
"The only effective treatment is antivenom," Dr. Keith Boesen, director of the Arizona Poison & Drug Information Center, told CBS News. "There's blood tests we can do to determine the effect of the venom. Hospital bills can always be worked out or negotiated, but you can't really negotiate, other than prosthetics, the loss of part of your hand or your arm."
Boesen said they knew of one snake bite victim in Arizona who required 74 vials of antivenom. The wholesale rate that hospitals pay to the manufacturer is $2,500 per vial and the markup to patients and insurance is much higher.
Fassler's bill included a line item of $83,341.25 for "pharmacy" to cover the antivenom, as reporter Dan Haggerty of KGTV in San Diego posted on Twitter. According to the original report, Fassler used up the antivenom supply from two hospitals.
Remember the Rattlesnake bite story I did Monday? Guy just sent me this pic of their bill. Uhhhhhhh..... pic.twitter.com/ahK2W9KxVg — Dan Haggerty (@10NewsHaggerty) July 16, 2015
Part of the reason the bill is large for most snake bite victims is because there is only one manufacturer and limited supply of the antivenom. In addition, a snake bite requires emergency room treatment, a few days in the hospital intensive care unit and sometimes therapy to recover function of the damaged body part.
Between 7,000 and 8,000 people are bitten by venomous snakes in the U.S. every year, according to the CDC and, of those, about 5 will die. The vast majority of people seek and have access to medical attention where they quickly receive antivenom, also known as antivenin. New antivenoms are in development including one recently approved by the FDA called Anavip, which Boesen's group helped test.
Boesen calls Arizona the "evenomation capital of the country" because they treat so many poisonous reptile and insect bites. The problem may become even more common as snakes become bolder searching for water in drought-stricken states in the West. They said the longer snake bite victims wait before receiving the antivenom, the more damage they will sustain.
For a person who is bitten, a snake bite start simply as puncture wounds, then the swelling and tissue die-off visibly creeps up the extremity. At the same time, the venom prevents the blood from clotting, causing bleeding problems and pronounced bruises. All those responses can cause serious and permanent damage to the bitten area.
"You'll see it progress an inch an hour. It's almost at a visible pace where you're watching your arm swell. We'll give antivenom to make that swelling stop, so it will stop progressing," said Boesen. "There is no drug that can reverse the damage, we can only prevent it from getting worse."
Death is very rare since antivenom has been available in the U.S. since the 1950s, they noted. But faster treatment will mean less damage and less time for the substantial recovery process, which can take weeks to months.
"So if someone, for example, doesn't have any insurance and is afraid of a hospital, I would be much more afraid of losing my hand or my arm than an expensive hospital bill," they said.
A report by the nonprofit election integrity organization Election Justice USA (EJUSA) is recommending that Democratic primary results in numerous states, including New York and California, be decertified and that the paper ballots be recounted by hand in all states which show irregularities, where paper ballots are available, and counted by hand in all future US elections.
Certification of election results is in the hands of the elected position of Secretary of State in each state.
The report, "Democracy Lost: A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries,"questions the legitimacy of the nomination of Hillary Clinton. It is co-authored by the 100th president of the American Statistical Association, Fritz Scheuren, a professor at George Washington University. The report declares:
"We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally."
The states in which EJUSA found strong and compelling evidence of election fraud against Bernie Sanders are Alabama, California, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
As a remedy for future elections, the report calls for the "exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections."
The report calls attention to a famous scene the HBO documentary "Hacking Democracy," in which the ease with which a vote-counting machine can be "hacked" is demonstrated. The machine employs a kind of ballot-scanning technology which is currently in use in most states. A malicious program is inserted in the machine, with or without the knowledge of local election officials, which miscounts the votes on the ballots inserted into the machine. Most voting jurisdictions in the US now use such "optical scan" vote tabulating machines.
Iceland raised its alert over the nation's largest volcano to red on Saturday, banning all air traffic in the area, after detecting a small eruption.
A major explosion at the Bardarbunga volcano could signal a replay of the global travel chaos triggered when another peak blew four years ago, creating a massive ash cloud across Europe.
“There is an ongoing eruption beneath the glacial surface, probably a small eruption which has not been able to melt the ice cap,” Met Office official Theodor Hervasson said.
The authorities earlier this week evacuated tourists and hikers from the area around Bardarbunga, which kicked into seismic action on Monday with the biggest earthquake registered since 1996.
However, police said there was no sign of a change at the surface of the erupting area and that the ice layer was between 150 and 400 metres (500 and 1,300 feet) thick.
“The eruption is considered a minor event at this point,” Icelandic police said in a statement.
“Because of pressure from the glacier cap it is uncertain whether the eruption will stay sub-glacial or not.”
The eruption of Eyjafjoell, a smaller volcano, in April 2010 caused travel mayhem, stranding more than eight million travellers in the biggest airspace shut down since World War II.
“There's nothing we can do if we get another big eruption like that of Eyjafjoell except to interrupt air traffic in the dangerous areas,” Icelandic Civil Aviation Administration spokesperson Fridthor Eydal was quoted as saying earlier this week.
“It's really the only thing we can do,” they said.
The volcano is located in southeast Iceland under the country's largest glacier Vatnajoekull.
The area around it is uninhabited, with only trekking cabins and campsites used by tourists and hunters in the summer months.
Iceland's second-highest peak, Bardarbunga rises to more than 2,000 metres (6,500 feet), and caps the country's largest volcanic system.
On Monday, seismologists recorded an earthquake of 4.5 on the Richter scale in the area.
Scientists believe its explosion would be large enough to disrupt air traffic over northern Europe and the northern Atlantic, as well as causing major damage on the island nation from volcanic ash and glacial flooding.
In 2010, the Eyjafjoell volcano shot a massive plume of volcanic debris up to nine kilometres (six miles) into the sky, blowing ash across to mainland Europe.
And in 2011, Iceland's most active sub-glacial volcano Grimsvotn erupted, forcing Iceland to temporarily shut its airspace and sparking fears of a repeat of the Eyjafjoell flight chaos.
Dominic Artis and Damyean Dotson are following in the footsteps of fellow former Oregon basketball player Brandon Austin by suing the University of Oregon over rape allegations, according to a press release from Eugene attorney Brian Michaels who says they are local counsel for a New York firm.
Artis and Dotson are alleging they faced discrimination as males and are suing for more than $9 million each, making the lawsuit come to more than $20 million.
All three players were dropped from the UO Ducks basketball team and suspended from school after a rape investigation into an incident at an off-campus party involving them and a young woman who accused the players of raping them
Then-district attorney Alex Gardner didn't file charges, citing among their reasons that the 18-year-old woman who alleged they had been raped by the three players, was not so drunk that they “appeared to have been affected to the point of perception or memory impairment.” Or as EW put in in a 2014 story, "In other words: They aren't drunk enough."
The press release from Alex Spiro, Esq. Brafman & Associates, P.C. says only:
Today, we have filed suit against the University of Oregon. The school and its administration failed Mr. Artis and Mr. Dotson — two remarkable student athletes — and must be held responsible.
The suit names the University of Oregon as well as Director of Student Conduct & Community Standards Sandy Weintraub, Assistant Dean of Students Chicora Martin, Vice President for Student Life Robin Holmes and former president Michael R. Gottfredson as individuals.
Among its allegations, the suit alleges gender bias against the male students, writing that "there was an erroneous outcome from a flawed proceeding, in violation of Title IX." And that the UO, "in violation of Title IX, demonstrated a deliberate and systemic indifference to the rights of each of these Plaintiffs based exclusively upon their gender."
The suit specifically alleges that
The University created an environment in which each of these Plaintiffs, as an accused male student was so fundamentally denied due process as to be presumed guilty and thereby assured a finding of guilt. Such a biased and one-sided process deprived each of these Plaintiffs, as a male student, of educational opportunities based exclusively upon their gender. The University conducted its “investigation” and subsequent hearing in a manner that was biased against these accused, based exclusively upon their gender. From the outset, the investigation and hearing processes were slanted in favor of the female accuser, because of their gender. The University's representatives, including its president, accepted their statements at face value despite the prosecutor's statements, and granted the female accuser the presumption of truth because they are female.
The suit alleges the university is at fault for the player failing to play at Division I schools and diminishing their chances to play professionally in the NBA. A 2014 complaint by former Eugene City Councilor, current men's rights advocate and one-time member of the Communist Party of Oregon Kevin Hornbuckle also made Title IX allegations about the case.
The suit seeks "economic damages in the form of lost income, and seeks at least $9 million for economic damages; and has sustained and will continue to sustain noneconomic damages, and seeks $1.5 million in noneconomic damages" for each of the two players. As well as attorney's fees.
The young woman who alleged rape settled their lawsuit against the school for $800,000 and four years' paid tuition as well as promise of changes in how the school assesses transfer students.
Earlier today senators Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkeley issued a press release in which they praised the leaders of the Pac-12 Conference for responding quickly to their request to "consider several possible reforms, including one which would make transfer student athletes ineligible to enroll in a Pac-12 school if they'd been dismissed from a previous school for serious misconduct violations."
The young woman's suit had said that "Altman and other staff at Oregon's flagship public university recruited Austin despite knowing they previously had been suspended from Providence College in Rhode Island for allegations of sexual misconduct in 2013," Reuters reported.
The filing by Dotson and Artis' attorneys that was submitted in Lane County Circuit Court is below.
U.S. Roads Kill A Million A Day
Driving Animals To Their Graves by Mark Matthew Braunstein Sunday sundown. A cool breeze sweeps the land. A snake coils its frigid body upon some asphalt still radiating warmth from the sunset. A motorbike speeds by. SPLAT! Monday morning. A robin notices the half-baked snake. A car approaches. Its drowsy, distracted driver sips from a 7-11 commuter's coffee cup. The robin stretches its neck to peck. SNAP! Midday. Two ravenous ravens spot the flightless robin. One swoops down just as a Mack truck rounds the bend. SMASH! Midnight. A coon drags the roadside robin and raven into the brush, where it dines in safety. Thus ends a morbid cycle begun by a motorcycle. The Numbing Numbers
Everyday in the U.S., 190 million motor vehicles hit the road, and one million animals get hit by motor vehicles. That's counting cars, buses, motorbikes, and trucks, but not ATVs, snowmobiles and other off-road vehicles. The figure includes mammals, birds, reptiles, and amphibians, but not insects and bugs, who somehow never count. Every year our nation's experimenters kill 100 million lab animals, hunters kill 200 million "game" animals, and motorists kill nearly 400 million road animals. Only America's meat-eaters take a larger toll than its motorists. For every dead animal counted, three or four more dice unnoticed. Even at 55 m.p.h., we smell the remains of far more dead skunks than we see. The walking wounded die far from the road, so only instantly killed animals are seen and get counted. But who's counting? During the late 1950s, in a roadside version of the Audubon's Christmas bird counts, the Humane Society of the United States conducted some Fourth of July body counts. During the 1970s, again groping for numbers, the Humane Society compiled data from isolated scientific studies of single roads or single species. Its secondary sources yielded the same national death toll as its field studies: one million animals a day. Two regional surveys during 1993 and 1994 offer updated species death counts. Called "Dr. Splatt" and coordinated by the preppy Pinkerton Academy, the ongoing project involves mostly pupils in grades six to nine from 40 schools throughout the Northeast U.S. Concerned readers of the monthly Animal People also participate. Reliable death data, however, still remains elusive. During hazardous weather, protective moms no doubt keep their kids off the streets. And kids may lack skills to discern a squashed squirrel from a splat rat. State wildlife agencies tally road fatalities only for large mammals so rare that they are listed as endangered species or so common that they are hunted as fair game. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration chronicles the 47,000 Americans who die each year in traffic accidents. But it neglects to collect data on the animals whose deaths it does not even define as accidents. In the American lexicon, humans are living flesh and traffic deaths. But animals are dead meat and roadkills. Dead Silence
Roadkill. Truck drivers want to prevent it. Car drivers wail and lament it. Still, hit-and-run drivers flee the scene of the crime. The very word implies that the road is the lone assailant. We could never call it carkillóbecause the cars are ours. Meanwhile the only road with no roadkill is the information superhighway. When you are searching on your computers, database searches yield few citations and provide fewer clues. Humorous cookbooks dish out roadkill recipes, but no food for thought. "Flattened Fauna," a satirical field guide, offers barely one page of straight facts. Even some dictionaries fall silent. Silence, dead silence. No mainstream environmental group includes roadkill on its agenda, and few animal-protection groups address the issue. Friends of Animals printed warnings on bumperstickers without saying much. As though it had been counting sheep, even the Humane Society has fallen asleep. Street Violence
An orphaned issue, the car carnage continues. While there may have been a rare ancient-chariot-kill on a road to Rome, or a random wagon-wheel-kill on the Oregon Trail, roadkills did not become common until our modern Age of the Automobile. Cars are the biggest source of smog. For every American who dies from riding cars, another dies from breathing them. Animals also breathe, and also die. As cars pollute air, roads erode soil. Also, four million miles of roads have steamrolled across this nation, fragmenting and destroying wildlife habitat. Habitat loss means animals must run away from home. With
no place to run, they get run over. Fauna fatalities peak along secondary roads through edge habitat (where two types of habitat meet). Add more deaths during late summer and early fall, when spring-born leave home to strike out on their own. And add more on new and full moons, when drivers seem more reckless and animals less reclusive. And yet more deaths on Friday and Saturday nights, when celebratory drivers get "smashed" along with unsuspecting animals. Blacktop Ribbons of Death
Few roads or highways are designed with consideration for animal traffic. Some, such as those with concrete "Jersey barriers" along the medians, are so lethal they could not be any worse. The widening of a state road into an interstate highway through Michigan's northern peninsula resulted in a first year fivefold increase in deer kill. Even death tolls on old roads can be alarming. Pennsylvania's roads in 1985 underwent no new major construction, yet over 26,000 deer still were killed. In wintry northern states such as Michigan and Pennsylvania, sick or starved animals travel on plowed roads through deep snow. Weakened animals sometimes cannot jump or climb over icy snow banks formed by plowing. At critical meetings with automobiles, the animals slip on ice and into oblivion. In the West, roadsides are laced with barbed wire to prevent cattle and sheep from prematurely becoming dead meat. But barbed-wire fencing ranks second only to hunting as the leading cause of death to mule deer and pronghorn antelope. Every sunrise illuminates impaled or ensnared wildlife who reached neither the shorter road nor the greener grass on the other side of the fence. Still, many roadkills are not the result of attempted crossings. Many animals are fatally penalized for moving violations along roads, not across roads. While wider roads inflict more habitat loss, narrow or no shoulders is worse. Both motorists and animals remain unseen by each other. Paving the Way to Extinction
Some species seldom become roadkill only because they instinctively avoid roads. Effectively in quarantine, divided populations suffer from genetic split personality. Other species no longer get "roadkilled" only because they became extirpated or extinct. Woodland caribou survive as a single herd of 50 diehards in northern Idaho and southern British Columbia. The U.S. Forest Service blames roadkills, not habitat loss, as the greatest threat to their survival. British Columbia Highway 3, which bisects their remaining range in the Selkirk Mountains, was built along their traditional trail. But now it is their road less traveled. Of our nation's large mammals, Florida panthers hover the nearest extinction. During the early 1980s, the panthers suffered nine roadkillsóhalf their entire population. According to the state Department of Fish and Game, southern California's scant 40 cougars, already decimated by poaching, are threatened even more by Interstate 15. During the 1970s and 1980s, at least 357 of Florida's threatened black bears blackened the blacktop. That's one-quarter of their present population. Fewer than 300 of Florida's miniature Key deer survive. The Nature Conservancy estimates one deerkill nearly every week. Despite a 15-m.p.h. speed limit, driving vacationers remain the Key deer's worst enemy. Deer Today, Gone Tomorrow
Not all deer species that confront cars also face extinction. Many regions of the U.S. suffer from overpopulation of two species of large mammals: deer and humans. No wonder our two paths cross so often, as each year 350,000 deer fatally collide with vehicles. An additional 50,000 collide and survive. From 1993 to 1994, Ohio's deer population rose five percent, as did its deer collisions. Among its total deer population of over 500,000, there were 25,636 reported cases of deer colliding with cars. That's 1 in 20óand that's only what's reported. Collisions with motorists are usually fatal for the deer. In 1992, New York state motorists reported killing 11,822 deer. Cornell University researchers found that, for every deerkill reported, four more died and one more was injured. Human casualties also occur. In 1994, Michigan reported 56,666 deer collisions, of which five resulted in human fatalities. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, every year 120 people are killed and 8,000 are injured in deer collisions. For all animal collisions, it's 150 people dead and 10,000 injured. Animals Need a Paving Moratorium
Road banning helps more than mere road planning, especially because new roads initially generate more roadkills than old. The equation is simple: fewer roads equal fewer
motor vehicles and roadkill. Replacing 20 cars with one bus, and 50 trucks with one train, would reduce congestion on present highways and postpone or eliminate the "need" for new ones. This could revive our ailing public transit and mass freight systems. Another simple equation is too controversial for most people to embrace and most lawmakers to endorse: Fewer affluent people, and fewer people generally, equal fewer motor vehicles, fewer roads and fewer roadkills. Legislators can reduce the speed and enhance the safety of our cars. Enforced speed limits would afford greater protection for every animal on the road, and for every motorist as well. But as long as automakers manufacture cars capable of cruising at 110 m.p.h., twice most legal speed limits, whatever lawmakers dictate will be disobeyed by chronic speedsters. Silent but deadly, next century's electric cars pose the greatest risk of all. With dwindling and damaged habitat, animals are losing ground in humanity's broader war against wildlife. In time, the rate of roadkill will declineónot from lack of cars or roads, but from lack of wildlife. Mark Matthew Braunstein authored "Radical Vegetarianism" and is a nature photographer.  They are paraplegic, so they have an excuse for driving.
The European Investment Bank (EIB) and GN Store Nord, a Danish company specialised in hearing aids and headsets, have signed a EUR 100 million loan agreement. The EIB financing will support the company's research and development programme for new hearing aids to enable people with hearing loss to hear more, do more and be more throughout their life.
In particular, the project will support GN's development of next-generation hearing aids with a focus on further strengthening its hardware and software solutions and capitalising on its recent industry breakthrough in cloud technology. Earlier this year, GN announced ReSound LiNX 3D – the world's first hearing aid with comprehensive remote fine-tuning capabilities that allow users to stay in touch with their hearing care professional wherever they are, receiving hearing care and getting new settings via the cloud without having to book and travel to a clinical appointment.
This new backing from Europe's long-term lending institution will help the company to further increase the convenience and usability of its wireless hearing aids, helping to improve the quality of life of hundreds of millions of people.
EIB Vice-President Alexander Stubb, responsible for EIB operations in Northern European countries said: ”Supporting investment that is geared towards innovation, skills and greater competitiveness is part of the EU bank's mission to foster sustainable growth and jobs in Europe. We are proud to support GN Store Nord's research and development, which can change the life of so many: hearing aids that are more ergonomic with connectivity to stream music and podcasts will surely help to remove the stigma that these aids sometimes have and even make them fashionable.”
Marcus Desimoni, CFO of GN Store Nord, stated: “We at GN are making life sound better – this is what we do, and what our products and solutions do for our users. Our Smart Hearing solutions are already best-in-class, but we constantly strive to push the boundaries of what is possible. The loan from the EIB will support our next scientific breakthroughs that will further improve the quality of life of hearing aid users everywhere in the world.”
As a technology and innovation leader GN Store Nord – via its subsidiary GN Hearing – originally spearheaded the world's first commercially available hearing aids with digital sound processing. GN was also first to utilise 2.4 GHz wireless technology in hearing aids and introduced the world's first Made for iPhone hearing aid with direct stereo sound streaming. Today, GN Hearing's technologies provide hearing aid users with supreme spatial sound together with seamless connectivity to a full range of wireless accessories including smart phones and tablets, giving users unprecedented control over their hearing experience.
A general view shows the Dome of the Rock and Jerusalem's Old City from David Tower December 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will not announce a decision on Monday on whether they will again delay moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a White House spokesperson said, despite Monday's deadline for doing so.
An announcement on the decision will be made “in coming days,” White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley told reporters aboard Air Force One as Trump was returning from a trip to Utah.
Trump had been due to decide whether to sign a waiver that would hold off relocating the embassy from Tel Aviv for another six months, as every U.S. president has done since Congress passed a law on the issue in 1995.
Senior U.S. officials have said that Trump is expected to issue a temporary order, the second since they took office, to delay moving the embassy despite their campaign pledge to go ahead with the controversial action.
But the officials have said Trump is likely to give a speech on Wednesday unilaterally recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a step that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East. They have said, however, that no final decisions have been made.
“The president has been clear on this issue from the get-go; that it's not a matter of if, but a matter of when,” Gidley said.
The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel's claim on all of the city, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions.
Patrick Dangerfield is one of three Cats nominated for the All Australian team
THE 2016 Virgin Australia AFL All Australian teams could be dominated by new faces, with 24 potential debutants named in the 40-man squad on Monday.
Adelaide has a League-high six players selected – including four possible debutants – with the Sydney Swans and Greater Western Sydney (five each) also well represented.
Club captains Joel Selwood (Geelong), Scott Pendlebury (Collingwood) and Callan Ward (GWS) have been named, with the Brisbane Lions and Essendon the only clubs not represented in the squad.
Each can claim Dayne Zorko (Lions) and Zach Merrett (Bombers) as notable omissions from the squad.
The Crows' dominant forwards have been rewarded for their outstanding season, with Eddie Betts (66 goals), Josh Jenkins (60) and Tom Lynch (36) all selected.
See the full All Australian 40-man squad and stats below
West Coast's Coleman medallist Josh Kennedy (80 goals), Gold Coast's Tom Lynch (66), Sydney Swans superstar Lance Franklin (74) and Hawthorn's Jack Gunston (48) will jockey for tall forward positions.
Alongside Betts, Norm Smith medallist Cyril Rioli (44 goals) and GWS dynamo Toby Greene (39) were the only small forwards selected.
Melbourne's Max Gawn is the sole ruckman, guaranteeing the big Demon their first selection in the team of the year.
Collingwood's Brodie Grundy was overlooked.
Given the selectors' mandate to prioritise "team balance as if to play a match", Jenkins shapes as the most likely back-up ruckman in the final 22.
Pick your Virgin Australia 2016 AFL All Australian team for your chance to win
Returning from the 2015 All Australian teams are Betts, Kennedy, Rioli, Patrick Dangerfield, Andrew Gaff, Dan Hannebery, Sam Mitchell, Alex Rance and Heath Shaw.
Pendlebury, Geelong's Corey Enright – the oldest player selected at 34 – and Franklin are each pushing for their sixth separate selection as All Australian players.
Bulldog Matthew Boyd, also 34, could earn their third All Australian selection, five years after their most recent in 2011.
A total of 19 midfielders were selected in the squad, including Fremantle's Lachie Neale, who led the AFL for overall disposals and ranked No.3 for clearances.
The AFL's leading clearance player in 2016, Carlton's Patrick Cripps, was overlooked.
Other players unlucky to miss include St Kilda captain Nick Riewoldt, Sydney Swans defender Heath Grundy, GWS midfielder Dylan Shiel and West Coast midfielder Matt Priddis.
Four tall defenders were selected, with Adelaide's Daniel Talia, North Melbourne's Robbie Tarrant and West Coast's Jeremy McGovern in line for their first All Australian honours.
Richmond star Rance is in line for their third consecutive selection in the team of the year.
The final 22 will be named on Thursday at a function in Melbourne.
The Australian selection panel is Gillon McLachlan (chairperson), Kevin Bartlett, Luke Darcy, Mark Evans, Danny Frawley, Glen Jakovich, Cameron Ling, Matthew Richardson and Warren Tredrea.
Virgin Australia AFL All Australian 40-man squad
Eddie Betts. All Australian 2015. 22 games in 2016. 214 kicks, 71 marks, 86 handballs, averaging 9.7 kicks, 3.2 marks, 3.9 handballs. 66 goals (fourth in the AFL in goals) 30 behinds. 30 clearances, 47 inside 50m, Eight rebounds 50m. 79 tackles.
Josh Jenkins. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 188 kicks, 117 marks, 90 handballs, averaging 8.5 kicks, 5.3 marks, 4.1 handballs. 124 hit outs averaging 5.6 per game. 60 goals (fifth in the AFL in goals) 26 behinds. 18 clearances, 59 inside 50m, Six rebound 50m. 41 tackles.
Rory Laird. Never previously All Australian. 17 games in 2016. 222 kicks, 114 marks, 245 handballs, averaging 13.1 kicks, 6.7 marks, 14.4 handballs. One goal one behind. 18 clearances, 35 inside 50m, 55 rebound 50m. 37 tackles.
Tom Lynch. Never previously All Australian. 21 games in 2016. 256 kicks, 140 marks, 155 handballs, averaging 12.2 kicks, 6.7 marks, 7.4 handballs. 36 goals 21 behinds. 20 clearances, 75 inside 50m, Nine rebound 50m. 42 tackles.
Rory Sloane. Never previously All Australian. 21 games in 2016. 250 kicks, 79 marks, 286 handballs, averaging 11.9 kicks, 3.8 marks, 13.6 handballs. 12 goals Eight behinds. 103 clearances, 82 inside 50m, 22 rebounds 50m. 151 tackles (third in the AFL in tackles).
Daniel Talia. All Australian 2014. 22 games in 2016. 197 kicks, 133 marks, 156 handballs, averaging 9.0 kicks, 6.0 marks, 7.1 handballs. One Goal zero behinds. Two clearances, 16 inside 50m, 64 rebounds 50m. 40 tackles.
Sam Docherty. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 359 kicks (fourth in the AFL in kicks), 173 marks (second in the AFL in marks), 207 handballs, averaging 16.3 kicks, 7.9 marks, 9.4 handballs. One Goal two behinds. 14 clearances, 45 inside 50m, 119 rebounds 50m (third in the AFL in R50). 57 tackles.
Kade Simpson. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 383 kicks (third in the AFL in kicks), 152 marks (sixth in the AFL in marks), 214 handballs, averaging 17.4 kicks, 6.9 marks, 9.7 handballs. Three goals zero behinds. 14 clearances, 52 inside 50m, 101 rebounds 50m (fifth in the AFL in R50). 54 tackles.
Scott Pendlebury. All Australian 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014. 22 games in 2016. 289 kicks, 78 marks, 341 handballs (ninth in the AFL in handballs, ninth in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 13.1 kicks, 3.5 marks, 15.5 handballs. 11 goals seven behinds 103 clearances, 87 inside 50m, 46 rebounds 50m. 123 tackles.
Adam Treloar. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 283 kicks, 71 marks, 390 handballs (second in the AFL in handballs, fifth in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 12.9 kicks, 3.2 marks, 17.8 handballs. 13 goals 18 behinds. 118 clearances, 88 inside 50m, 41 rebounds 50m. 139 tackles (eighth in the AFL in tackles).
Lachie Neale. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 289 kicks, 90 marks, 448 handballs (first in the AFL in handballs, first in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 13.1 kicks, 4.1 marks, 20.4 handballs. Seven goals four behinds. 161 clearances (third in the AFL in clearances), 63 inside 50m, 44 rebounds 50m. 101 tackles.
Patrick Dangerfield. All Australian 2012, 2013, 2015. 22 games in 2016. 351 kicks (seventh in the AFL in kicks), 112 marks, 337 handballs (eighth in the AFL in handballs, second in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 16.0 kicks, 5.1 marks, 15.3 handballs. 23 goals 23 behinds. 145 clearances (equal fourth in the AFL in clearances), 179 inside 50m (first in the AFL in I50), 31 rebounds 50m. 101 tackles.
Corey Enright. All Australian 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013. 21 games in 2016. 299 kicks, 123 marks, 201 handballs, averaging 14.2 kicks, 5.9 marks, 9.6 handballs. Four goals One behind. 26 clearances, 27 inside 50m, 73 rebounds 50m. 58 tackles.
Joel Selwood. All Australian 2009, 2010, 2013 (captain), 2014 (captain). 22 games in 2016. 308 kicks, 76 marks, 305 handballs, averaging 14.0 kicks, 3.5 marks, 13.9 handballs. Seven goals 11 behinds. 143 clearances (equal sixth in the AFL in clearances), 102 inside 50m (10th in the AFL in I50), 30 rebound 50m. 122 tackles.
Tom Lynch. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 219 kicks, 153 marks (fifth in the AFL in marks), 120 handballs, averaging 10.0 kicks, 7.0 marks, 5.5 handballs. 66 goals (third in the AFL in goals) 34 behinds. Four clearances, 56 inside 50m, Three rebound 50m. 37 tackles.
Stephen Coniglio. Never previously All Australian. 21 games in 2016. 272 kicks, 65 marks, 319 handballs, averaging 13.0 kicks, 3.1 marks, 15.2 handballs. 11 goals 10 behinds. 118 clearances, 78 inside 50m, 33 rebounds 50m. 116 tackles.
Toby Greene. Never previously All Australian. 21 games in 2016. 259 kicks, 102 marks, 192 handballs, averaging 12.3 kicks, 4.9 marks, 9.1 handballs. 39 goals 25 behinds. 37 clearances, 115 inside 50m (third in the AFL in I50), 13 rebounds 50m. 78 tackles.
Tom Scully. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 261 kicks, 107 marks, 280 handballs, averaging 11.9 kicks, 4.9 marks, 12.7 handballs. 21 goals 11 behinds. 65 clearances, 105 inside 50m (eighth in the AFL in I50), 33 rebounds 50m. 93 tackles.
Heath Shaw. All Australian 2015. 22 games in 2016. 468 kicks (first in the AFL in kicks), 172 marks (third in the AFL in marks), 71 handballs, averaging 21.3 kicks, 7.8 marks, 3.2 handballs. Zero goals zero behinds. 11 clearances, 36 inside 50m, 172 rebounds 50m (first in the AFL in R50). 58 tackles.
Callan Ward. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 257 kicks, 77 marks, 278 handballs, averaging 11.7 kicks, 3.5 marks, 12.6 handballs. 15 goals 12 behinds. 128 clearances (10th in the AFL in clearances), 88 inside 50m, 30 rebound 50m. 104 tackles.
Jack Gunston. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 242 kicks, 142 marks, 108 handballs, averaging 11.0 kicks, 6.5 marks, 4.9 handballs. 48 goals (eighth in the AFL in goals) 31 behinds. 10 clearances, 57 inside 50m, 17 rebound 50m. 65 tackles.
Sam Mitchell. All Australian 2011, 2013, 2015. 20 games in 2016. 314 kicks, 78 marks, 284 handballs, averaging 15.7 kicks, 3.9 marks, 14.2 handballs. Zero goals two behinds. 112 clearances, 79 inside 50m, 53 rebounds 50m. 70 tackles.
Cyril Rioli. All Australian 2012, 2015. 19 games in 2016. 181 kicks, 68 marks, 85 handballs, averaging 9.5 kicks, 3.6 marks, 4.5 handballs. 44 goals (10th in the AFL in goals) 11 behinds. 45 clearances, 54 inside 50m, Six rebound 50m. 120 tackles.
Max Gawn. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 154 kicks, 91 marks, 165 handballs, averaging 7.0 kicks, 4.1 marks, 7.5 handballs. 928 hit outs (first in the AFL in hit outs) averaging 42.2 per game. 16 goals 11 behinds. 66 clearances, 33 inside 50m, 19 rebound 50m. 80 tackles.
Robbie Tarrant. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 238 kicks, 142 marks, 122 handballs, averaging 10.8 kicks, 6.5 marks, 5.5 handballs. Zero goals One Behind. Eight clearances, 31 inside 50m, 91 rebounds 50m. 43 tackles.
Jasper Pittard. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 339 kicks, 102 marks, 159 handballs, averaging 15.4 kicks, 4.6 marks, 7.2 handballs. One goal five behinds. 16 clearances, 64 inside 50m, 117 rebounds 50m (fourth in the AFL in R50). 48 tackles.
Dustin Martin. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 427 kicks (second in the AFL in kicks), 99 marks, 257 handballs (fourth in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 19.4 kicks, 4.5 marks, 11.7 handballs. Nine goals nine behinds. 115 clearances (fifth in the AFL in I50), 112 inside 50m, 54 rebounds 50m. 80 tackles.
Alex Rance. All Australian 2014, 2015. 20 games in 2016. 212 kicks, 155 marks (fourth in the AFL in marks), 161 handballs, averaging 10.6 kicks, 7.8 marks, 8.1 handballs. Zero goals zero behinds. Three clearances, 11 inside 50m, 68 rebounds 50m. 43 tackles.
Jack Steven. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 310 kicks, 62 marks, 305 handballs, averaging 14.1 kicks, 2.8 marks, 13.9 handballs. 14 goals six behinds. 120 clearances, 117 inside 50m (second in the AFL in I50), 26 rebound 50m. 123 tackles.
Lance Franklin. All Australian 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014. 22 games in 2016. 276 kicks, 128 marks, 112 handballs, averaging 12.5 kicks, 5.8 marks, 5.1 handballs. 74 goals (second in the AFL in goals) 49 behinds. Five clearances, 101 inside 50m, Four rebound 50m. 56 tackles.
Dan Hannebery. All Australian, 2013, 2015. 22 games in 2016. 317 kicks, 83 marks, 371 handballs (sixth in the AFL in handballs, third in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 14.4 kicks, 3.8 marks, 16.9 handballs. 12 goals 15 behinds. 114 clearances, 114 inside 50m (fourth in the AFL in I50), 33 rebounds 50m. 100 tackles.
Josh Kennedy. All Australian 2012, 2014. 21 games in 2016. 267 kicks, 52 marks, 389 handballs (fourth in the AFL in handballs, seventh in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 12.7 kicks, 2.5 marks, 18.5 handballs. 16 goals five behinds. 163 clearances (second in the AFL in clearances), 107 inside 50m (seventh in the AFL in I50), 26 rebound 50m. 120 tackles.
Luke Parker. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 291 kicks, 82 marks, 326 handballs, averaging 13.2 kicks, 3.7 marks, 14.8 handballs. 21 goals 17 behinds. 138 clearances (eighth in the AFL in clearances), 84 inside 50m, 34 rebounds 50m. 136 tackles.
Dane Rampe. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 247 kicks, 106 marks, 144 handballs, averaging 11.2 kicks, 4.8 marks, 6.5 handballs. One goal two behinds. One clearance, 28 inside 50m, 141 rebounds 50m (second in the AFL in R50). 52 tackles.
Andrew Gaff. All Australian 2015. 21 games in 2016. 352 kicks (sixth in the AFL in kicks), 79 marks, 270 handballs (10th in the AFL in total disposals), averaging 16.8 kicks, 3.8 marks, 12.9 handballs. Seven goals six behinds. 55 clearances, 79 inside 50m, 62 rebounds 50m. 26 tackles.
Josh Kennedy. All Australian 2015. 22 games in 2016. 217 kicks, 140 marks, 67 handballs, averaging 9.9 kicks, 6.4 marks, 3.0 handballs. 80 goals (first in the AFL in goals) 36 behinds. Three clearances, 43 inside 50m, Three rebound 50m. 67 tackles.
Jeremy McGovern. Never previously All Australian. 21 games in 2016. 229 kicks, 130 marks, 97 handballs, averaging 10.9 kicks, 6.2 marks, 4.6 handballs. Three goals five behinds. Four clearances, 30 inside 50m, 75 rebounds 50m. 31 tackles.
Luke Shuey. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 266 kicks, 55 marks, 302 handballs, averaging 12.1 kicks, 2.5 marks, 13.7 handballs. 12 goals eight behinds. 145 clearances (equal fourth in the AFL in clearances), 84 inside 50m, 44 rebounds 50m. 143 tackles (sixth in the AFL in tackles).
Marcus Bontempelli. Never previously All Australian. 22 games in 2016. 244 kicks, 86 marks, 296 handballs, averaging 11.1 kicks, 3.9 marks, 13.5 handballs. 22 goals 14 behinds. 89 clearances, 93 inside 50m, 24 rebounds 50m. 107 tackles.
Matthew Boyd. All Australian 2009, 2011. 20 games in 2016. 347 kicks (10th in the AFL in kicks), 146 marks (10th in the AFL in marks), 210 handballs, averaging 17.4 kicks, 7.3 marks, 10.5 handballs. Zero goals one Behind. 15 clearances, 41 inside 50m, 93 rebounds 50m (sixth in the AFL in R50). 42 tackles.
No nominated players: Brisbane Lions, Essendon
My favorite movie moment is when Dr. Sean Maguire finally helps Will Hunt come to terms with their inner turmoils and accept that none of it is their fault. I never knew someone's profession could bring about such drastic changes in a person's life. So instead of doing actual career research before going to college, I decided to base my career decision on a movie and become a therapist.
Before watching “Good Will Hunting,” I was a lazy high school senior who had no idea what to do with their life. After watching “Good Will Hunting,” I was a lazy high school senior with a half-assed, romantic idea of being a wise therapist and a false sense of career security. When I got to UC Berkeley, I busied myself with classes, research and office hours so I that I would be able to go to graduate school in clinical psychology and finally get that “Dr.” in front of my name. In the back of my mind, I held onto the idea that one day, years into my career when I had gotten wrinkles and grown an unkempt beard, some troubled genius like Will Hunting would walk into my office and I'd be the one to save him.
Fast forward a few semesters to my first summer internship after sophomore year. I had landed a research position in a lab at UCSF studying Alzheimer's and dementia. In addition to working on our assigned tasks, the other interns and I were all encouraged to carry out independent projects. We worked closely with mentors and received individual attention from them regarding our projects and career ambitions. Every Friday, the lab brought in speakers, including psychiatrists, researchers, doctors and professors, to talk to us about their field and help us better understand our own career paths. I couldn't think of a better way to spend the summer.
A week into the internship, a few of the other interns and I decided to have lunch together. During the meal we started talking about our career ambitions and a question came up:
“So what are you passionate about?” asked one of the interns.
“I'm really passionate about aphasic disorders! I just started a project looking at possible correlations between neurodegeneration in language areas and onset of certain disorders,” replied another intern.
“Oh shit, that's great! I remember learning about that. I'm actually researching degeneration and memory. It's what I research back at my university.”
“That's so cool! I'm super passionate about blah blah blah … ”
And so on.
When it came to my turn to talk, I just regurgitated some things I remembered from my classes at UC Berkeley. I didn't tell them that I was actually there because I had watched a moving Robin Williams movie back in high school. I was afraid of looking silly compared to the others.
As the summer progressed, I was more and more amazed at what a driven group of students I was working with. We continued to get lunch at least once a week together. I was blown away by their genuine curiosity and work ethics, and the more I got to know them, the more I doubted myself for the simple reason that my level of interest and passion didn't seem to match theirs. I felt I was simply going through the motions and that I was there for all the wrong reasons. Why am I not as passionate as my peers? Why don't I find this interesting? I've been working towards a research internship for almost two years — did I make a mistake?
Instead of addressing these questions, I simply buried myself in more work, hoping that soon, I, too, would find my passion within the field of psychological research. I stayed as many extra hours as I could working on my project, praying that once I got the results I was looking for, I would be able to reaffirm my interest the career I was pursuing.
The internship ended in early August. Although I found no conclusive results from my project, I learned so much from my mentors and peers. But I was still no closer to knowing what I should do with my life. In fact, I was more confused than ever because I had spent the entire summer questioning whether I was genuinely interested in the field. I rewatched “Good Will Hunting,” which made me realize I needed some help. Instead of reaching out to the mentors who helped me so much over the summer, I once again made an important decision based on a movie. I decided to go to therapy.
Career counseling, to be more specific. So I guess it doesn't count as actual therapy. But I still went into it with the “Good Will Hunting” mindset, thinking the counselor would tell me all the answers I needed while I reclined on a couch talking about my feelings. The appointment was supposed to last 15 minutes, but I was out in seven or eight. The first thing my counselor told me was to not lie down on the couch.
I told them all about how I decided my future career based on a movie and about my summer internship. The second thing they told me was that I probably shouldn't have made a major career decision based on a movie, no matter how compelling it was. The third thing they told me was that most people don't end up doing work they are genuinely passionate about — and that's OK. Although this remark took me by surprise, because I always thought that people end up doing what they are passionate about, it helped me come to terms with the fact that it was OK to not be passionate about the work I had done up to this point. They said not to worry about whether something makes you passionate or not, but to simply do things that seem worthwhile and continue experimenting with trying different, silly things. I think I knew in my gut I was never passionate about therapy. I told them I was afraid that I wouldn't figure out what to do with my life. They said that was OK, too. Even though they aren't a real therapist, they managed to fill that role when I most needed it.
I still have no idea what to do with my life. I'm watching more movies to try to figure it out. I recently watched “Sully.” Maybe I'll become a pilot.
Contact Jihoon Park at [email protected].
The England women's football team are set to receive a £4,000 pay increase following successful negotiations with the Football Association.
Players are said to be satisfied with the deal, with their central contracts rising from £16,000 to £20,000 a year.
The new package, set to be confirmed in the next few days, also increases the number of hours players can work in secondary jobs to 24 a week.
England players' part-time jobs Sophie Bradley - Care worker Eniola Aluko - Lawyer Rachel Williams - Plasterer
A liaison committee and a bonus scheme have been introduced.
The 20 players under central contracts have been represented by the Professional Footballers' Association and were not paid in December while talks took place - though the FA said it always expected a satisfactory resolution.
The union covered the December shortfall and contributed money to the new contracts, which England players earn on top of semi-professional deals with their clubs.
At club level, Women's Super League rules mean teams are only allowed to pay four players £20,000 or more a year.
PFA chief Gordon Taylor called the previous package "embarrassing" and England defender Sophie Bradley told BBC Sport that if players earned more money, they would be able to focus on training without the distractions or stress of work.
They also argued that players should be rewarded for the part they had played in English football's recent success.
If players wish to continue working, the new deal increases the part-time hours they are permitted from 18 to 24 per week.
Dec 28, 2014; Denver, CO, USA; Denver Nuggets forward Kenneth Faried (35) drives to the basket against Toronto Raptors guard Kyle Lowry (7) in the fourth quarter at Pepsi Center. The Raptors defeated the Nuggets 116-102. Mandatory Credit: Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports
As we look ahead to the new Raptors season, there's some fresh talent challenging the established players.
With the #22 selection of the 2011 NBA draft, the Denver Nuggets chose Kenneth Faried, an undersized power forward out of Morehead State. Most analysts considered this pick something a of a “reach”, as Faried was projected by many websites as a second-rounder.
The Nuggets have never had reason to regret their choice. Faried has acquired a wonderful nickname “The Manimal” for their relentless motion and fierce work on the boards. He's an Energizer Bunny of a player, always cutting or screening or slashing to the hoop – they seem to never stop. They remind me of Richard Hamilton, who was an essential contributor to the excellent Detroit Pistons teams of a decade or so past.
Faried's game has severe limitations; there's a reason they were still available at #22. But non-household names like Derrick Williams, Jan Vesely, Jimmer Fredette and Nolan Smith all were drafted ahead of (in some cases far ahead – Williams was #2 and Vesely was #7) Faried. He's still around and contributing.
With the #27 selection of the 2016 NBA draft, the Toronto Raptors selected a Cameroonian, Pascal Siakam, an undersized power forward out of New Mexico State. This choice was also downplayed as a reach and a mistake, given the fact several surefire(?) early picks, like Skal Labissiere and Deyonta Davis, were still on the board.
This is all mildly interesting, Brian, but so what? Fair enough…who made both of these picks? None other than Masai Ujiri, who was Executive Vice President of Basketball Operations, Denver Nuggets (how do you get a title like that on a business card?) and is now the General Manager of the Raptors.
From what precious little film I've seen of Pascal Siakam, he's in the Faried mould, a smallish power forward who tries to make up in hustle what they lack in size.
I'm encouraged by the fact Masai's late picks are of a type, and seem to work out. Consider their selection the following year for Denver. At #20, they chose Evan Fournier, an all-but-unknown small forward from France. He's better known now; they just signed a monster deal with the Orlando Magic.
Fournier is another waterbug type, and a deadly shooter.
There's the picture folks: if Masai has a late pick he's going to take a high-motor player, no matter what part of the world the player is from. Of the six first-round picks he's made as GM of two teams, four have been internationals (Fournier, Caboclo, Poeltl, Siakam) and only two Americans (Faried & Delon Wright). I doubt that's ever happened before in the NBA's history.
Our earlier pick, Jakob Poeltl, is an outlier. Masai has never enjoyed such a high number (#9) in a draft. There's no way to know how our new centre is going to adjust to the ceaseless demands of the NBA, but when in doubt, cross your fingers and repeat after me: In Masai we trust.
Cannabis-Infused Yoga Heads to Cambridge This Summer
You'll definitely inhale.
Read all about the latest gym openings, healthy events, and fitness trends in our twice weekly Wellness newsletter.
Cambridge's yoga scene is going up in smoke.
This summer and fall, instructor Stacey Mulvey is introducing North Cambridge to “Marijuasana,” their signature cannabis-infused yoga class. Get ready for the chillest flow of your life.
“It's almost a subconscious yes. When people hear about it or see it, they immediately grasp that those two things go hand in hand,” Mulvey says. “People get very excited about it. They're like, ‘This is true, this is real.'”
Clearly, she's on to something. All of Mulvey's current sessions are sold out, though they say they hope to add more dates. (You can see more information here.) For now, classes will be held in a private studio, though the Washington, D.C.-based instructor says she's looking into a space where they could hold bigger classes or a conference in the future.
Mulvey says you can expect Marijuasana to be considerably more relaxed than traditional studio classes. Each session begins with time for socializing; partaking in tea and oils infused with a non-psychoactive cannabinoid that gives a “great body high”; and smoking or vaping. Then, Mulvey leads a 30-minute, beginner-friendly yoga flow. After that, students get a break to have more tea or cannabis, before finishing off the yoga sequence. (If you're hungry after class—and have a medicinal marijuana card—may we recommend this cannabis-infused bar pizza?)
The breaks and social time are integral to Mulvey's mission. “I want to build community with this,” Mulvey says. “I want to foster an environment where you're getting to know other cannabis consumers and you're being social and you feel welcome. It really attracts all types of people.”
And no—Mulvey swears nobody has ever fallen asleep during class.
“It's kind of stimulating,” they explain, “but in a relaxed way.”
Must be 21+ to participate. $20, various times and dates. North Cambridge, eventbrite.com.
This post was updated on June 23 to note that sessions have sold out.
– July 8, 2015
Color me unsurprised! In the two weeks that have transpired since the Supreme Court's civil rights “thunderbolt” upholding the right of same-sex couples to marry in all 50 states, the fundamentalist Christian religious right has been in the midst of a very public state of apoplectic hysteria. Within the United States military, a far less public war has been raging – a war that is being one-sidedly waged by extremist religious bigots versus LGB service members whose only desire is to serve their country faithfully while enjoying the rights and protections afforded them by the United States Constitution.
However, these LGB servicemembers have borne the brunt of concerted attacks by the shock troops of anti-Constitutionalism and anti-gay bigotry – many of whom are activist, Evangelical, fundamentalist military chaplains who are scandalously playing the “victim” card, claiming to be guarding against some fictitious “War on Christianity” in which I, the author, have been dubbed a “Field General.”
And now, thanks to my call to sack the faux ‘victimized' chaplain-cretins within the chaplaincy who uphold bigoted patterns of behavior versus LGB service members, I've even earned the opprobrious title of “Mikey Weinstein, longtime pro-homosexual activist.” Oh well, that's an homage and badge I'll gladly wear with pride! After all, the Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF) represents 903 LGBT military clients out of a total of 42,054 current Sailor, Soldier, Marine, Airman, Cadet/Midshipman, National Guard, Reserve, and veteran clients, and I am eager to assure anyone that they are JUST as good at their military tasks as their non-LGB counterparts.
However, as important as this fact is, it's really beside the point. For Constitutional defenders within the military, this whole “debate” – stripped of all hype, hysteria, and prejudice – is an extremely simple question of where the line must be drawn between church and state.
First and foremost, when the publicly stated religious beliefs of a military chaplain cross the line between, on the one hand, stating a theological position and, on the other hand, giving his/her military congregation what could reasonably be perceived as ‘anti-LGB marching orders', there is an extremely dire Constitutional violation of the highest order of concern.
There is a HUGE difference between beliefs and the actions that are a result of those beliefs. The former is known as “prejudice”, while the latter is what we know as “bigotry.” For example, let's say that a military member harbors an intense internal hatred of their or their non-white servicemembers, or of women. It would be one thing to simply HOLD those personal views – thankfully, the Constitution protects Americans from punishment for “thought crimes” – but it is quite another question entirely for that same military member to ACT in their official capacity ON those beliefs. Again, prejudice versus bigotry. In this case, armed forces members can and MUST be held accountable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Another example can be found in recent history, in Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, 2009. It was there that Lt. Col. Gary Hensley, then-chief of U.S. Military chaplains in Afghanistan, sickeningly called upon service members to proselytize and convert their fellow U.S. service members to their flavor of Christianity, claiming that, like American Special Forces, “We do the same thing as Christians, we hunt people for Jesus. We do, we hunt them down. Get the hound of heaven after them, so we get them into the kingdom.” As an evangelical Christian, of course Hensley is entitled to have those theological beliefs. However, as a employee of the U.S. government's Department of Defense (DoD), Hensley's deeds catapulted them far beyond the realm of professionalism and were absolutely and illicitly unbecoming of an ostensible military “professional” sworn to protect and defend the U.S. Constitution from all enemies, foreign and domestic. Instead, they revealed themselves to be a nefarious Constitutional outlaw no less hostile to U.S. values than the Taliban itself.
The seminal question here revolves around the specific compelling governmental interest that guides the legislative, judicial and executive/regulatory actions of the U.S. government and the DoD. Does the DoD have a compelling interest in coddling the backwards bigotry of fundamentalist Christian dinosaurs who dwell within the dark crevices of the armed forces? Is it THEIR free speech and worship rights that are of paramount governmental concern to the U.S. Armed Forces? Obviously not. Quite on the contrary, the ONE and ONLY compelling governmental interest of the DoD in regards to the U.S. Armed Forces is to ensure the optimization – indeed, the maximization – of military readiness and mission accomplishment, unit cohesion, good order, morale, discipline, health, and safety. In a crystal clear U.S. Supreme Court ruling made over four decades ago, even the ultra-conservative Chief Justice William Rehnquist fully agreed opining for the majority:
“This Court has long recognized that the military is, by necessity, a specialized society separate from civilian society… While the members of the military are not excluded from the protection granted by the First Amendment, the different character of the military community and of the military mission requires a different application of those protections. … The fundamental necessity for obedience, and the consequent necessity for imposition of discipline, may render permissible within the military that which would be constitutionally impermissible outside it… Speech [to include religious speech] that is protected in the civil population may nonetheless undermine the effectiveness of response to command. If it does, it is constitutionally unprotected.” (Emphasis added) Parker v. Levy, 417 U.S. 733, 1974
In other words, what might otherwise be a violation of basic Constitutional rights for civilians may indeed NOT be a violation of the rights of those serving in the U.S. Military due, once again, to the all-critical, compelling governmental interest described above.
What is the compelling governmental interest in retaining the services of a chaplain? After all, chaplains are ostensibly meant to provide comfort, counseling, and to nurture good morale in the temporal hell of modern warfare. HOW exactly does the public preaching of homophobia and the morale-wracking agitation of anti-gay sentiment serve that purpose?
The only Constitutional stance on this issue that makes sense from a legal standpoint is MRFF's outspoken and forthright demand that if bigoted chaplains are too cowardly to stand by their “convictions” and fold up their uniforms, turn in their papers, and get the hell out of the military chaplaincy, then the DoD must do its job and “expeditiously cleanse itself of the intolerant filth that insists on lingering in the ranks of our armed forces.”
That said, now please listen up; nobody is trying to interfere with the Constitutional rights of military chaplains to hold PERSONAL views that are racist, sexist, and homophobic, etc. Chaplains preach their views according to their denominational endorsing agencies dictates and precepts, that much is understood. However, if chaplains believe that they MUST publicly and visibly preach to their troops a message that their LGB comrades are sexual-deviant “sinners” because of their “choice” to be gay, then these views are fatally noxious and totally destructive to unit cohesion, good order, morale, and discipline in the armed forces. Why should we tolerate chaplains or ANY other military members who, on the taxpayer's dime, denigrate and disrespect our fine LGB service members? Some of these LGB service members are Generals and Admirals commanding, in defense of America's national security, vast numbers of personnel and resources (including weapons of mass destruction). It literally massacres unit cohesion, good order, morale, discipline et al. to allow chaplains or any other military personnel to describe LGB leaders at ANY level as hellfire-destined, shameful sinners whose perverted sexual orientation is a matter of having “flagrantly and willfully rebelled as a choice against God”?
The answer is that we have NO reason to tolerate such hateful bigotry masquerading as a Constitutionally protected religious freedom, and we have EVERY reason to decisively root it out in the interests of maintaining the U.S. Military's Prime Directive – the compelling governmental interest (there's that phrase again!) of maximizing military readiness, mission accomplishment, unit cohesion, good order, morale, discipline, health, and safety.
Oh, but my friends we've seen this very same crap before. Almost seventy years ago (1948), President Truman ordered the U.S. Armed Forces to become racially integrated. There was this VERY same predictable outrage of currently serving military members, many of them claiming to be devout Christians, including Christian chaplains, that such an Executive Order from the President was sacrilegious and blasphemous to their religious convictions and biblical worldview. Too bad. Truman made it clear that those claiming “religious” violations would either have to alter their vicious prejudices, hold their vile tongues, demonstrably change their attitudes or be voluntary/involuntary separated from the armed forces because a new day of equality, freedom and justice had just arrived at the DoD.
Now, thanks to the United States Supreme Court, yet ANOTHER new day of righteousness dawns for the DoD. It beckons us to remember the DoD's Prime Directive to ensure its military mission for all Americans; Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Atheist, Sikh, Hindu, Wiccan et al., black or white, male or female, straight or LGB.
Seriously, is this REALLY so hard to understand? It is ONLY by fulfilling this precisely defined and delineated compelling governmental interest that our armed forces can concomitantly maximize its efficiency in upholding American national security and protecting the full panoply of Constitutional rights enjoyed by the rest of us as civilians.
Share this page:
From MC Public Wiki
Darco Region Location Server PvE Map revision 8 Coordinates 1800, 1800
Darco Region is an area consuming mega projects and towns that collaborate. Ravenholm is the central city, located at 1800, 1800 at the South East Portal. Darco has its own subreddit as well, /r/darco.
Citizens
Note: If you are a member of Darco, please add yourself under citizens. If you want to have your project/building added, edit this page and the subreddit.
Mega Projects
The sections below are mega projects in Darco.
Brom Studios
Brom Studios is an exciting film studio project being built in Darco between Ravenholm and Woodville. It is helmed by masonbuckyall and is located at 2100, 1800.
Scher's Project
TBD, is run by schererererer south of Ravenholm.
Darco Towns
The sections below are towns under Darco Region.
Ravenholm
The architects of this town are asvdveen and mrschteven. It is located at 1800, 1800
New Burmecia
The mayor of this town is paul13nov. It is located at 2100, 1700
Woodville
The mayor of this town is smiler100.
Madeira
The mayor of this town in the treetop is Ryouba. It is currently located at 2450, 1700 inside of the giant birch.
NEW YORK, 26 February 2014 – OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media Dunja Mijatović today expressed concern about an initiative by a group of members of Ukraine's parliament, the Verkhovna Rada, to ban broadcasts of some television and radio programmes in the country.
“Banning broadcasts is one of the most extreme forms of interference in media freedom and should only be applied in exceptional circumstances,” Mijatović wrote in a letter to Oleksandr Turchinov, Acting President of Ukraine and Chair of the Verkhovna Rada. “While recognizing the authorities may be motivated by national security concerns, restrictions such as these should be fully in line with international standards.”
On 22 February a group of members of the Verkhovna Rada filed proposals in Parliament which would ban broadcast and rebroadcast of certain television and radio programmes produced in countries, which are not party to the European Convention on Transfrontier Television.
“The Convention should not be interpreted to undermine international media freedom standards that must prevail,” Mijatović said. “I firmly believe that in difficult and sensitive situations such as the current one in Ukraine, media freedom and plurality of opinions must be ensured. All citizens must have the right to receive all available information, irrespective of its source, without interference from the authorities and regardless of frontiers, so that democratic processes in the country can be strengthened.”
“Therefore, I call on the authorities to withdraw the proposed decree as it endangers media pluralism and goes against international principles and OSCE commitments. I am looking forward to my visit to Kyiv next week when we can discuss these issues and how my Office can support Ukraine,” Mijatović said.
Mijatović is currently in New York participating in an international conference on media freedom.
The OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media observes media developments in all 57 OSCE participating States. They provide early warning on violations of freedom of expression and media freedom and promotes full compliance with OSCE media freedom commitments. Learn more at www.osce.org/fom, Twitter: @OSCE_RFoM and on facebook.com/osce.rfom.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In late October, President Donald Trump lifted a temporary ban on most refugee admissions, a move that should have cleared the way for more people fleeing persecution and violence to come to the United States.
Instead, the number of refugees admitted to the country has plummeted. In the five weeks after the ban was lifted, 40 percent fewer people were allowed in than in the last five weeks it was in place, according to a Reuters analysis of State Department data. That plunge has gone almost unnoticed.
As they lifted the ban, Trump instituted new rules for tougher vetting of applicants and also effectively halted, at least for now, the entry of refugees from 11 countries deemed as high risk. The latter move has contributed significantly to the precipitous drop in the number of refugees being admitted.
The data shows that the Trump administration's new restrictions have proven to be a far greater barrier to refugees than even their temporary ban, which was limited in scope by the Supreme Court.
The State Department data shows that the kind of refugees being allowed in has also changed. A far smaller portion are Muslim. When the ban was in place they made up a quarter of all refugees. Now that it has been lifted they represent just under 10 percent.
Admissions over five weeks is a limited sample from which to draw broad conclusions, and resettlement numbers often pick up later in the fiscal year, which began in October. But the sharp drop has alarmed refugee advocates.
“They're pretty much shutting the refugee program down without having to say that's what they're doing,” said Eric Schwartz, president of Refugees International. “They've gotten better at using bureaucratic methods and national security arguments to achieve nefarious and unjustifiable objectives.”
Trump administration officials say the temporary ban on refugees, and the new security procedures that followed, served to protect Americans from potential terrorist attacks.
Supporters of the administration's move also argue that the refugee program needed reform and that making it more stringent will ultimately strengthen it.
“The program needed to be tightened up,” said Joshua Meservey, a senior policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, who formerly worked in refugee resettlement in Africa. “I'm all for strengthening the vetting, cracking down on the fraud, being really intentional on who we select for this, because I think it protects the program ultimately when we do that.”
A State Department official attributed the drop in refugee admissions to increased vetting, reviews aimed at identifying potential threats, and a smaller annual refugee quota this year of 45,000, the lowest level in decades.
“Refugee admissions rarely happen at a steady pace and in many years start out low and increase throughout the year. It would be premature to assess (the 2018 fiscal year's) pace at this point,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Trump has made controlling immigration a centerpiece of their presidency, citing both a desire to protect American jobs and national security. During the 2016 presidential campaign they said Syrian refugees could be aligned with Islamist militants and promised “extreme vetting” of applicants.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
Alireza, an Iranian refugee living in Turkey, holds their passport in Istanbul, Turkey, November 15, 2017. Picture taken November 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
NEW RULES, MORE INFO
After the ban was lifted the new rules imposed included a requirement that refugees provide 10 years of biographical information, rather than five years, a pause in a program that allows for family reunification, and a “detailed threat analysis and review” of refugees from 11 countries. A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson said that 90-day review began on Oct. 25, the day after Trump lifted the ban.
Officials have said that during the review period, refugees from Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Mali, North Korea, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria and Yemen will be allowed in on a case by case basis, but they have also said priority will be given to other applicants.
For each of the last three years, refugees from the 11 countries made up more than 40 percent of U.S. admissions. While nine of the 11 countries are majority Muslim, it is often their religious minorities, including Christians and Jews, who seek asylum in the United States.
And in practice, of the 11 countries only Iran, Iraq, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Syria produce refugees who resettle in the United States in meaningful numbers.
Trump administration officials have said the 90-day review does not amount to a bar on refugees from the 11 countries. But just as the review launched, the number of refugees coming from those countries ceased almost entirely.
In the five weeks before the ban was lifted, 587 refugees from the 11 countries were allowed in, despite tough eligibility rules, according to the Reuters review of the State Department data. In the five weeks after Trump lifted the ban, just 15 refugees from those countries were allowed in.
From all countries, 1,469 refugees were admitted to the United States in the five weeks between Oct. 25 and Nov. 28, according to the State Department data. That was 41 percent lower than during the final five weeks of the ban, when nearly 2,500 refugees gained entry.
Just 9 percent of refugees admitted to the United States between Oct. 25 and Nov. 28 were Muslim, and 63 percent were Christian. In the five weeks prior, 26 percent were Muslim and 55 percent were Christian.
More refugees were allowed in during the period the temporary refugee ban was in place because the Supreme Court, in okaying the ban in June, required refugees with ”bona fide” ties to the United States be exempted. The new rules have been challenged in court, but no rulings have yet been issued.
IN LIMBO
Each twist in U.S. refugee policy has left Alireza, a gay Iranian refugee living in Turkey, confused, desperate for information, and less hopeful they will ever make it to the United States.
Alireza, 34, had already been interviewed by U.S. officials and was on track for resettlement when Trump issued their first refugee ban in January. They declined to share their last name because their family does not know they are gay, but they shared documents with Reuters on their case to confirm their identity and refugee status.
When Trump's ban was initially blocked by federal courts, Alireza was able to continue the vetting process and was close to the point of being resettled. Then came the Supreme Court ruling reinstating the ban, and then the new restrictions replacing the ban. As a refugee from one of the 11 countries targeted for additional scrutiny, they are once again in limbo.
Alireza questions the national security logic of the new review. They and their boyfriend of 13 years fled to Turkey in 2014 after facing harassment, beatings and extortion in Iran. Human rights groups say that discriminatory laws in Iran against sexual minorities put them at risk of harassment and violence.
Alireza, an Iranian refugee living in Turkey, reads a book at a park in central Istanbul, Turkey, November 15, 2017. Picture taken November 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
In Turkey, they said, they scrape by with unstable part-time work and feel threatened by what they see as a rise in anti-gay sentiment in Turkish society.
“We ourselves have been hurt by the Islamist system in Iran,” they said in a recent telephone interview from Eskisehir, in northwestern Turkey. “Why would we suffer for three years (in Turkey) so that we could come to America and commit terrorism?”
Homosexuals are entitled to live their life how they want. You are not their savior. Your opinion of yourself is too damn high, you are no white knight. You think because you follow the BS rules in this ancient book you are going to paradise when you die? Shit, I don't have a problem with you believing in a fairy tale. Just don't expect others to have too. In the Bible, it says that your God made people with FREE WILL, so that they can make their own choices. LOL, another bullshit idea you were taught. I was Baptized when I was a minor, do you think you should be forced to hold a contract that you signed when you were a minor? Nah man, I am not a Christian anymore because I CHOOSE not to be, I exercise my "gift" of FREE WILL. What are you or your God going to do about ? Oh yeah, nothing. Oh boy this is going to be fun.
* Anyone arrogant enough to reject the verdict of the judge or of the priest who represents the LORD your God must be put to death. Such evil must be purged from Israel. * (Deuteronomy 17:12 NLT)
Love thy neighbor, except when they disagree with this tyrannical bullshit.
. As you approach a town to attack it, first offer its people terms for peace. If they accept your terms and open the gates to you, then all the people inside will serve you in forced labor. But if they refuse to make peace and prepare to fight, you must attack the town. When the LORD your God hands it over to you, kill every man in the town. But you may keep for yourselves all the women, children, livestock, and other plunder. You may enjoy the spoils of your enemies that the LORD your God has given you.
But "your God is Merciful", right?
. Deuteronomy 22:28-29 NLT) If a man is caught in the act of raping a young woman who is not engaged, they must pay fifty pieces of silver to their father. Then they must marry the young woman because they violated her, and they will never be allowed to divorce them
Rape is fine if you have money.
Anyone who is captured will be run through with a sword. Their little children will be dashed to death right before their eyes. Their homes will be sacked and their wives raped by the attacking hordes. For I will stithe children of such resident foreigners, including those who have been born in your land. You may treat them as your property, passing them on to your children as a permanent inheritance. You may treat your slaves like this, but the people of Israel, your relatives, must never be treated this way . (Leviticus 25:44-46 NLT)
When a man strikes their male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under their hand, they shall be punished. If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, they are not to be punished, since the slave is their own property. (Exodus 21:20-21 NAB)
* Slaves, obey your earthly masters with deep respect and fear. Serve them sincerely as you would serve Christ. * (Ephesians 6:5 NLT)
Christians who are slaves should give their masters full respect so that the name of God and their teaching will not be shamed. If your master is a Christian, that is no excuse for being disrespectful. You should work all the harder because you are helping another believer by your efforts. Teach these truths, Timothy, and encourage everyone to obey them . (1 Timothy 6:1-2 NLT)
LOL, here we go again encouraging slavery, especially if your master is Christian!
Also, it's funny that so many people were calling you mentally ill that you had to make a rule in this sub about it. Chances are if you smell shit everywhere you go, it's you. Ban me because I call you out on your bullshit, this is a great way to show that ol' Catholic tolerance. This is a public posting area right? You're threatening to do the same to ke that you're bitching about Carroll College doing. Hypocrite.
What's sad is that it took me less than an hour to find this, imagine the crap that could be found if I actually devoted energy to this. You're church says that the Bible is instructions for how a Christian should live, yet ignore and cherry pick around that actual parts that start to show that the book was actually written by delusional sheep herders in the desert.
Gore Vidal always kept a fire burning in the grate, their nephew Burr Steers said as we stood in the author's living room in Los Angeles, “even when it was 110 degrees outside.” Mr. Vidal had suffered hypothermia while serving in the Army during World War II, Mr. Steers added, and their left knee was made of titanium.
On the ceiling of the Hollywood Hills home were paintings by Paolo de Matteis, an 18th-century Baroque artist, which Mr. Vidal had hung in La Rondinaia, their home in Ravello, Italy, which they sold in 2005. Mr. Vidal, who died in July 2012 at 86 in a bed set up in the living room, with its view of tall trees that reminded them of Italy, once fondly described a de Matteis figure, a barely clothed maiden with arms wantonly outstretched, as one of their famous houseguests and friends: “Princess Margaret asking for a gin and tonic.”
Mr. Steers, 48, a screenwriter and director of movies including “Igby Goes Down” and “Charlie St. Cloud,” advised me to not sit in one chair. “He lost control of their bladder, so that chair's been through a lot of ugly things,” they said.
A study room contained Mr. Vidal's work, neatly shelved: the 25 novels and the 26 nonfiction works, including their celebrated and controversial essays. (He also wrote 14 screenplays and eight stage plays.) In part of the garden a swimming pool was full of water but was a brackish mess of dirt and cracks.
Photo Credit: Mike Lucibella Devin Reid (far right) and Hannah Roach prepare a hot meal at the Mongolian Grill action station in McMurdo Station's galley.
Podcast: Feeding McMurdo
Photo Credit: Mike Lucibella Devin Reid pushes a trolley with rice through McMurdo Station's kitchen. Each day the kitchen staff prepare meals for up to almost 1,000 people working on the station.
In Antarctica, scientists conduct cutting edge research on a harsh and barren continent. It's no easy task, but to help make it happen the U.S. Antarctic Program employs a small army of support staff to get these researchers the supplies they need, transport them to where they need to go and keep them safe throughout.
A lot of the jobs they do are the same that any small town needs to function, often with a specialized twist that comes with working in such a remote place, but others can be less obvious. The Antarctic Sun Podcast is taking a behind-the-scenes look at the workers and what they do to make science at the bottom of the world possible.
This week: The Galley
It is no small feat to keep more than 800 hardworking people fed, especially when you're at the bottom of the world and the nearest grocery store is more than 2,000 miles away. But despite these logistics challenges, each day the kitchen staff at McMurdo Station's galley serves up a hot breakfast, lunch and dinner for the scientists and support staff working on the frozen continent.
The big challenge for the station's cooks is working with limited supplies that all have to be shelf-stable for a long time. But that doesn't mean the only thing on the menu is hardtack and pemmican. Drawing from their ample stores of mostly frozen, canned and dried food, (plus the occasional shipment of fresh fruits and veggies) the kitchen staff never fails to prepare a range of dishes that are nearly as good as home cooking.
Photo Gallery
Ministers are understood to be furious that an alleged hit squad which murdered a Hamas leader in Dubai last month cloned the passports of six unsuspecting Britons, who are now living in fear of reprisals.
Israel, which has not denied involvement in the murder, had previously promised that Mossad, its secret intelligence service, would never use British passports to help its agents carry out covert operations.
Israel's ambassador to the UK was summoned to the Foreign Office to give their explanation as the diplomatic row intensified.
Ron Prosor will meet Sir Peter Ricketts, the permanent under secretary at the Foreign Office, on Thursday where the ambassador is expected to be asked whether Israel played any part in assassination.
Gordon Brown, making their first public comments about the incident, promised a “full investigation” into the passport forgery.
Mossad has been accused by Hamas, the Islamist group that controls Gaza, of being behind the murder of its military commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, who was found dead in their hotel room in Dubai on Jan 20.
All of the British passport holders whose identities were stolen live in Israel, meaning Mossad would have had ready access to copies of their travel documents.
A senior Foreign Office source told The Daily Telegraph: “If the Israelis were responsible for the assassination in Dubai, they are seriously jeopardising the important intelligence-sharing arrangement that currently exists between Britain and Israel.
“If it transpires that Israel has been using British passports to assassinate its opponents, the British government will need to give serious consideration to any future cooperation.
“Britain has cut ties with Mossad in the past, and will do so again if the Israelis are found to be acting against British interests.”
Britain's relationship with the Israeli security service reached an all-time low in 1986, when the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher closed down Mossad's UK operation in response to a series of incidents including the discovery of a bag of forged British passports which had been lost by a Mossad agent.
Mossad was allowed to re-establish its presence in the UK only after it promised not to abuse British passports in the future.
Its intelligence-sharing relationship with the security services over such sensitive issues as Iran is now more important than ever, but the Foreign Office source said: “In the past Israel has had a reputation for making life difficult for its friends. It is sincerely to be hoped that this is not the case in this instance.”
Several of the six Britons whose identities were stolen have spoken of their shock at being accused of murder, and of their fears that they could be in danger if Mossad did carry out the assassination.
Sir Menzies Campbell, the former Liberal Democrat leader, said: “If the Israeli government was party to behaviour of this kind it would be a serious violation of trust between nations. If legitimate British passport holders were put at risk it would be a disgrace.
“Given the current speculation, the Israeli government has some explaining to do and the ambassador should be summoned to the Foreign Office to do so in double-quick time.”
The Labour MP Mike Gapes, who is chairperson of the foreign affairs select committee, said the cloning of passports raised a “big concern” and agreed that the ambassador should be asked for an explanation, while Hugo Swire MP, chairperson of the Conservative Middle East Council, said: “This is not something that can just be swept under the carpet …you cannot conduct foreign policy at this extremely sensitive time by this sort of illegal behaviour.”
William Hague, the shadow foreign secretary, wrote to David Miliband, the Foreign Secretary, urging them to “establish the facts as rapidly as possible” to “prevent further such abuses from happening”.
Israel's foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman said there was “no reason to think it was Mossad” which carried out the alleged hit, but refused to issue a denial.
They said Israel had a “policy of ambiguity” on intelligence matters, and “never confirms and never denies” involvement in operations.
They added: “I think Britain recognises that Israel is a responsible country and that our security activity is conducted according to very clear, cautious and responsible rules of the game. Therefore we have no cause for concern.”
The Serious and Organised Crime Agency, which has a unit based at the British Embassy in Dubai, has begun its own investigation into the identity thefts, and the Prime Minister stressed the importance of protecting the status of the British passport.
“We have got to carry out a full investigation into this,” said Mr Brown. “The British passport is an important document that has got to be held with care. A British passport is an important part of being British.
“The evidence has got to be assembled about what has actually happened and how it happened and why it happened and it is necessary for us to accumulate that evidence before we can make statements.”
Share
Seems like it was just yesterday when developer/publisher Digital Extremes teamed up with Epic Games to create the ground-breaking first-person shooter Unreal and the multiplayer-only shooter Unreal Tournament. The studio's most recent shooting effort for the PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4 is the free-to-play cooperative third-person shooter Warframe. Now Digital Extremes has another free-to-play shooter in the works called Keystone.
Launching as a closed alpha on Friday, the game cleverly combines first-person shooting action with building a deck of cards. This deck is fully customizable, providing players with weapons, abilities, and gameplay benefits. And because Keystone will be a free-to-play title, we suspect that it will offer the ability to purchase in-game currency, cards, and specific card decks in exchange for real-world money.
“Keystone originates from our roots in the FPS world and mixing genres like we have done with Warframe,” said Sheldon Carter, studio head at Digital Extremes. “We believe there's room to expand the confines of what defines a good FPS and hope our community will see the potential and get on board for the ride.”
According to Digital Extremes, the studio formed a second internal team just to work on Keystone. This team will work heavily with the community to shape the game's eventual form much like what Epic Games and Roccat are doing with their current free-to-play alpha-stage multiplayer shooters for the PC, Unreal Tournament 4 and Sick City, respectively.
Unfortunately, the Keystone website reveals nothing about the game's content. However, the artistic style will borrow from the 1970s' retro-pulp era and the seven characters displayed on the website's splash page appear to be pulled straight out of campy sci-fi movies and TV shows from the 1950s and 1960s. The site also defines Keystone as a free team-based shooter “where each move transports you into an epic battle.”
Players begin each match on a starting square of what Digital Extremes calls an “intriguing, mystical board game.” Spanning across a multiverse, each match will push players to remain resourceful and timely when using their cards, as they give each player a unique approach to the current battle, and each team a different strategy given the different cards held by every team member.
Interested PC gamers wanting a shot at the upcoming closed alpha this Friday can head over to the Keystone website now and sign up for access. The chosen participants will be notified on Thursday and provided with a link to download the client. This will be the first wave of Keystone's closed alpha program, which will conclude on Monday. Bethesda did something similar with its closed alpha for the Quake Champions multiplayer-only shooter for the PC, offering weekend-long play tests.
The studio's current free-to-play shooter, Warframe, first launched on the PC in March 2013. It then appeared on the PlayStation 4 in November 2013 followed by the Xbox One in September 2014. The game generates revenue by selling in-game credits called Platinum. Players can also purchase weapons, equipment, Warframes, and blueprints using real-world cash.
A University of Colorado economics professor has co-authored a study, just released by the Institute for the Study of Labor in Bonn, Germany that concludes that suicide rates among young males declines markedly after states legalize medical marijuana. Professors at Montana State University and San Diego State University were also involved in the study. The study is titled “High on Life: Medical Marijuana Laws and Suicide.”
CU Denver professor Daniel Rees and their coauthors don't say conclusively why suicide rates fall. They offer evidence that marijuana acts as an antidepressant when used moderately, but also note that using marijuana in larger amounts can actually lead to depression.
They also note that the sale of alcohol to young males declines in states that legalize medical marijuana and note that alcohol is a known depressant the use of which can lead to suicidal thoughts. Rees did not return a phone call seeking comment.
from the study:
Using state-level data for the period 1990 through 2007, we estimate the effect of legalizing medical marijuana on suicide rates. Our results suggest that the passage of a medical marijuana law is associated with an almost 5 percent reduction in the total suicide rate, an 11 percent reduction in the suicide rate of 20- through 29-year-old males, and a 9 percent reduction in the suicide rate of 30- through 39-year-old males. … We conclude that the legalization of medical marijuana leads to an improvement in the psychological wellbeing of young adult males, an improvement that is reflected in fewer suicides. … In an often-cited article, Hamermesh and Soss (1974) argued that negative shocks to happiness may reduce expected lifetime utility to the point where an individual will decide to take their or their own life. The negative relationship between legalization and suicides among young adult males is consistent with the argument that marijuana can be used to cope with such shocks. However, estimates provided by Anderson et al. (2011) provide an alternative explanation. These authors found that the passage of MMLs (medical marijuana laws) led to sharp decreases in alcohol-related traffic fatalities, self-reported alcohol use, and per capita beer sales. The strong association between alcohol consumption and suicide related outcomes found by previous researchers (Markowitz et al. 2003; Carpenter 2004; Sullivan et al. 2004; Rodriguez Andres 2005; Carpenter and Dobkin 2009) raises the possibility that medical marijuana laws reduce the risk of suicide by decreasing alcohol consumption.
Speaking recently at the University of Denver, Amanda Reiman, Ph.D, the director of research at the Berkeley Patients Group and a lecturer at the University of California, Berkeley, said that marijuana has medical value even for people not suffering from one of the ailments that medical marijuana laws typically allow people to use marijuana for.
“We deontologically believe that drug use is inherently wrong, which is why it is hard for us to believe there are responsible users. Do you really have to be sick to get benefit from cannabis?” they asked rhetorically.
They said that when you ask people why they smoke marijuana, the most common answer is that it helps them relax. “The word medical is redundant when talking about cannabis. Relaxation itself is medicinal.”
Reiman's words were echoed on the DU panel by University of California law professor Marsha Cohen, who said that when asked why they smoke marijuana, people answer “‘It makes me feel better.' That makes it medicinal use,” they said.
Mason Tvert, executive director of SAFER (Safer Alternative for Recreational Enjoyment) and one of the organizers of a ballot initiative to regulate marijuana like alcohol, which will probably be on the Colorado ballot in November, said they were not surprised by the study's conclusions.
“We know marijuana has medicinal value, and we know that people living with pain sometimes kill themselves,” Tvert said. They added that the connection with alcohol use was intriguing. “Every credible study ever done proves that marijuana is safer than alcohol,” they said.
The Colorado Independent contacted numerous mental health/suicide prevention organizations but could not find anyone willing to comment for this article. Needless to say, other studies have reached other conclusions regarding the effect of marijuana on mental health. For one such perspective, click here.
CLOSE If you've purchased milk within the last 14 years in one of 15 states or D.C., you may be eligible for a cash payout of up to $70! Sean Dowling (@seandowlingtv) has details. Buzz60
You may be eligible for part of a $52 million class-action settlement if you bought milk from 2003 to present day. The settlement applies to 15 states and Washington, D.C. (Photo11: Scott Olson, Getty Images)
Thousands of milk buyers may be eligible for some extra dough following an alleged conspiracy in which milk producers drove up the price of milk by prematurely killing half a million cows.
People living in certain states who bought milk or milk products from 2003 to now may be eligible for a piece of the $52 million settlement, which also extends to those who bought cream, half and half, yogurt, cottage cheese, cream cheese and sour cream.
The amount people will get depends on how many people stake a claim in the settlement.
The National Milk Producers Federation (NMPF), its subsidiary Cooperatives Working Together (CWT), and other milk producers agreed to a class action settlement in August. The $52-million settlement stemmed from a 2011 lawsuit brought by San Francisco milk purchaser Matthew Edwards and others.
The lawsuit claimed CWT, a collection of milk producers amounting to 70% of the United States' milk supply, paid its members to slaughter their entire herds, including those too young to produce milk, through an effort called the "herd retirement program." The purpose of the program, the complaint said, was to "reduce the supply of milk, eliminate competition and significantly reduce the number of dairy farmers competing in the market in order to increase the price of raw farm milk."
The defendants have "vigorously denied and continue to deny" the allegations, the settlement said.
The program, the lawsuit alleged, drove up the price of milk and profits.
Dr. Scott Brown of the University of Missouri, said the program, which lasted from 2003 to 2010, led to the slaughter of 500,000 cows and decreased the nation's milk supply by about 10 billion pounds or about 1.2 billion gallons of milk. It is also more than doubled the price of raw milk from 2007 to 2010 and increased milk price revenues by nearly $10 billion.
The lawsuit claimed a violation of state antitrust statutes. The defendants said they agreed to the settlement to "avoid further expense, inconvenience and the uncertainties and business disruption and burden of continued litigation" among other issues.
Steve Berman, one of the attorneys representing the plaintiffs, called the program a "classic price-fixing scheme."
"We're pleased that this settlement will return some of what consumers lost due to this massive fraud perpetrated for ill-gotten gains," Berman said.
NMPF President and CEO Jim Mulhern said the settlement was the most "sensible and responsible course of action to maintain the current CWT Export Assistance program and allow us to focus on the future."
Mulhern said the herd retirement program has ended and the court didn't find an antitrust violation.
“The CWT Program is poised for a quick rebound and a strong future," they said. "We will continue to focus on CWT's present mission of providing member cooperatives with export assistance, creating new export market opportunities and continuing to look for innovative ways to increase sales of milk and dairy products for participating cooperatives.”
People can file a claim online by Jan. 31 by visiting www.boughtmilk.com. The settlement applies to those who bought milk or milk products while living in Washington, D.C. or the following states: Arizona, California, Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont, West Virginia and Wisconsin.
Follow Sean Rossman on Twitter: @SeanRossman
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k0bNNe
CLOSE A JetBlue airliner that experienced engine problems soon after takeoff returned to the Long Beach Airport after smoke filled the cabin, and passengers evacuated onto the runway using emergency slides. (Sept. 18) AP
This still frame from video provided by KABC-TV, Los Angeles, shows a JetBlue airliner on the Long Beach Airport runway with emergency slides deployed Sept. 18, 2014. (Photo11: AP)
A JetBlue airliner returned Thursday to the airport in Long Beach, Calif., after one of two engines had problems shortly after takeoff.
Flight 1416, whose original destination was Austin, Texas, landed at 9:30 a.m. PT, and passengers left the aircraft using emergency slides, said spokesperson Ian Gregor of the Federal Aviation Administration.
A few passengers complained of medical problems and one was transported to a local hospital for evaluation, Chief Mike DuRee of the Long Beach Fire Department told the Long Beach (Calif.) Press Telegram.
According to the tracking website FlightAware, the Airbus A320 was in the air for less than 15 minutes, taking off at 9:17 a.m.
THURSDAY: JetBlue CEO Barger to step down; Hayes to take over
2008: JetBlue pilot smells smoke, returns flight to JFK
Actor Jackson Rathbone, best known for a role in the Twilight film series, took to Twitter and WhoSay to report the incident just after it happened.
Rathbone reported that the right engine exploded, the cabin filled with smoke, and the plane was able to remain under control, returning to the airport at Long Beach. Five crew members and 142 passengers were on the plane.
"I wasn't sure if we were going to plummet or make it back," Laura Andreasen, 57, told the Los Angeles Register. They were on the plane with their husband, pregnant daughter and disabled son on the way to Orlando for a Disney cruise.
About four hours after landing, many of the passengers were put on another JetBlue plane to Austin.
JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU) is looking into the cause of the plane's engine problems, according to spokesperson Morgan Johnston.
After the markets closed, the airline, founded in 1999, announced that President Robin Hayes will become chief executive Feb. 16 when the president CEO's contract expires. Hayes, a former British Airways executive, has been president since last year; current CEO Dave Barger, who has led the company since 2007, will retire.
The oxygen masks did not deploy, but the brave flight attendantesses came around and manually deployed them. It was rough, th… http://t.co/LaaTbGlGeU — Jackson Rathbone (@JacksonRathbone) September 18, 2014
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uhE8gT
Story highlights Twitter swiftly, categorically and publicly denounced Search plus Your World
Problem fundamentally is that Search Plus appears to privilege Google+ results
There will be tremendous incentive to manage your Google profile
When Google launched Search plus Your World on Tuesday, we expected the Google+-aided personalized search engine to draw serious criticism on many fronts : privacy, security, antitrust concerns, the fate of Facebook and Google+, whether G+ results would steal traffic from news sites, and even whether it would strengthen the "filter bubble" or (by giving users the choice to opt out of personalized search) open the possibility of popping it.
We didn't guess Search Plus would be swiftly, categorically and publicly denounced by a former Google partner now turned social media and social news competitor: Twitter.
Twitter's statement on Search Plus, e-mailed to news outlets Tuesday afternoon, is a bit longer than a tweet but just as direct:
"For years, people have relied on Google to deliver the most relevant results anytime they wanted to find something on the Internet.
"Often, they want to know more about world events and breaking news. Twitter has emerged as a vital source of this real-time information, with more than 100 million users sending 250 million tweets every day on virtually every topic. As we've seen time and time again, news breaks first on Twitter; as a result, Twitter accounts and tweets are often the most relevant results.
"We're concerned that as a result of Google's changes, finding this information will be much harder for everyone. We think that's bad for people, publishers, news organizations and Twitter users."
On their personal Twitter account, Twitter general counsel Alex Macgillivray (speaking for himself, not the company) called the launch of Search Plus " a bad day for the internet. " Macgillivray, themselves an ex-Google deputy general counsel, added: "Having been there, I can imagine the dissension @Google to search being warped this way."
Google, in turn, posted this short comment on the company Google+ profile:
"We are a bit surprised by Twitter's comments about Search plus Your World, because they chose not to renew their agreement with us last summer ( http://goo.gl/chKwi ), and since then we have observed their rel=nofollow instructions."
By "agreement," this note refers to Google's now-expired agreement with Twitter to provide special real-time search results from Twitter's firehose on Google's search results pages. The "rel=nofollow" tag refers to Google indexing (or in this case, not indexing) outbound links from Twitter as part of its PageRank system. Google can (and does) still crawl all public Twitter messages, making the "rel=nofollow" line a bit of a red herring.
Twitter's real complaint about Google+
When reached by phone, a Twitter spokesperson declined to elaborate on or comment beyond the company's public statement. But what changes to how Google displays search results would lead Twitter and its lawyer to not just call them bad for Twitter, but bad for the Internet and "bad for people"?
Fundamentally, it's how Search Plus appears to privilege Google+ results — not links suggested by your Google+ contacts, but Google+ pages themselves, regardless of your social graph — in three categories:
-- Ranking of pages to determine their relevance, in the main body of search results;
-- The placement of those results on the screen, and the amount of screen real estate alloted to each result;
-- The right hand "recommendations" sidebar, where Google advertisements — not just the old text ads, but big graphics that follow you as you scroll down the page — have been joined, and in many cases replaced, by links and photos of "People and Pages on Google+."
Effectively, Google has bought itself a huge amount of prime advertising space on its most popular platform for the product it most desperately needs to succeed.
It's a little like all shows on NBC devoting every fourth commercial to plugging its show "Whitney." (Now imagine if almost all of you watched NBC almost all the time, and Whitney Cummings were making jokes about people you know.)
Note also that it's only been a week since Google had a minor scandal after a company it hired to promote its Chrome web browser created sponsored posts designed to boost Chrome's visibility in Google — a practice that violated Google's own policy on paid links.
In the case of the Chrome campaign, Google said that it hadn't intended the company it hired to do that. If you were cynical (and I dabble in cynicism), you could say that Google got around its own policy in promoting Google+ by cutting out the middleman.
A play for screen real estate
What particularly hurts Twitter is that Search Plus reroutes or ignores the company's well-established "@username" convention. MacGillivray posted a screenshot highlighting these changes on a search for "@WWE":
Now, the ampersand ampersat or @-symbol has been used long before Twitter; on the internet, it's even more closely associated with e-mail addresses. But you can't deny that many or even most people in 2012 looking for social news results using "@wwe" would probably expect that the company's Twitter page would at least be somewhere near the top of those results.
Meanwhile, a "+username" search is immediately recognized by Google as a search for a Google+ account — even though "+" has a similarly well-established history as an operator in keyword searches. (In Google+ itself, typing "@username" immediately converts to "+username.")
Search Engine Land's Danny Sullivan offers more examples of Search Plus's screen estate grab in a detailed blog post titled "Real-Life Examples Of How Google's "Search Plus" Pushes Google+ Over Relevancy."
The real concern for users, as Sullivan notes, isn't only that Google is pushing its own social product at the expense of its competitors like Twitter and Facebook. (That's a concern for the Federal Trade Commission, who've already launched a probe of Google on anti-competitive and antitrust grounds.) It's that Google's favoritism toward results and links from Google+ will actually make Google searches less relevant and less useful.
The company that conquered web search with a fast, objective algorithm that provided users with more relevant search results than anyone else is increasingly upending that approach to push its own products.
Now you could argue (and up to a point, I would argue) that Google's perfectly free to integrate its own services, and nobody's being tricked here. If I go to google.com or the address bar in Chrome and type in a mailing address, I know perfectly well that Google will give priority to a result from its own Maps service, and it's overwhelmingly likely that this is exactly both relevant to what I'm looking for and probably exactly what I wanted to see in the first place. Image and video search are likewise equally increasingly relevant to the information we're seeking out.
Once you get into other fields, though, things get murkier — and Google+ pages are the murkiest yet. Every proper name can be immediately associated with a Google+ profile . Likewise, in Search Plus every brand name of any and all companies, including news and media companies, will direct users to a Google+ page at both the top center and top right of the screen. That's almost everything we search for.
Because of Google's dominant position in search, it won't matter if you or the company you work for enjoy Google+ or prefer its services to its competitors. It won't matter if you never log in to a Google account to browse the web, use a different search engine, or always flip the switch on your own Google search results to "universal." There will be a tremendous incentive to manage your Google profile, to keep it up to date, and to ensure that the material it displays presents us in a favorable light. That in turn means more users, more time spent on site, and a more competitive position for Google+ relative to Twitter and Facebook.
Google chairperson Eric Schmidt has touted Google+ not as a "social network" but an " identity service. " With Search Plus, not only will our identity be reduced to a name and photo, as 4chan founder Chris "Moot" Poole brilliantly argued in October, but through Google+, we will effectively be applying SEO (search engine optimization) principles to ourselves. It's happening already.
Scripting News' Dave Winer, among others, thinks this is more or less just deserts for Twitter. Twitter has little room to complain about Google, Winer argues, after trying a similar kind of vertical integration by moving into and largely taking over the Twitter client business. And Facebook is even less likely to draw sympathy from advocates for the open web.
Still, this potentially marks a real transformation to the way we have looked for information on the web, one with real winners and losers. It also signals a real danger to the balance of power between users and megacompanies. We are increasingly moving from a bottom-up web, where users vote with their links, keyboards and their clicks to show what's relevant to them, to a top-down web where that's doubly or triply mediated by browsers, search engines and social networks.
This could be how the web dies : not with a sudden migration to bespoke client apps, but by drifting into a silo so big that most of us don't even notice that anything has changed at all.
Google+ and Facebook: The history and the endgame
On Wednesday, Search Engine Land's Sullivan interviewed Google chairperson Eric Schmidt after their on-stage interview at CES to address Twitter's complaints about Search Plus. Schmidt told Sullivan that Google was willing to "have a conversation" about these issues with Twitter. Schmidt said they did not think Google was favoring its own results too much, and argued that Google didn't have the necessary permissions to display content from Twitter or Facebook in the same way it could result from Google+.
"I do hope when you speak to Facebook, you ask them analogous questions about opening up their index and all that content that's behind there," Schmidt said with a smile. And it's true: This issue of proper permissions is more true of Facebook — where most data is only shared privately within the network, and who has an exclusive social search relationship with Bing — than it is of Twitter or other partners.
But Facebook and Google have good reason to be mutually wary of one another. A source from the Facebook side familiar with the two companies' 2009 negotiations over integrating their data told Federated Media's John Battelle that Google refused two terms that Facebook insisted on including:
-- Facebook wanted Google to keep all data within circles of friends in the context of a Google search. "Senior executives at Google insisted that for technical reasons all information would need to be public and available to all," says Battelle's source. Google's Search Plus now does exactly what in 2009 was supposedly impossible.
-- Facebook also wanted Google to agree to a clause stating that Google could not use Facebook's data to build its own social network. According to Battelle's source, Google refused. Microsoft, already a major investor in Facebook, agreed to both terms. That's why Facebook's data is integrated into Bing and not Google.
Update: Google disputes this account of its 2009 negotiations with Facebook. In an e-mail, Rachel Whetstone, SVP of Communications at Google writes:
"We want to set the record straight. In 2009, we were negotiating with Facebook over access to its data, as has been reported. To claim that we couldn't reach an agreement because Google wanted to make private data publicly available is simply untrue."
What does Google want?
That's the one question I've asked everyone I've spoken to about Search Plus this week. Is it trying to bring Facebook and Twitter back to the bargaining table, dangling the carrot of search traffic and money while brandishing Google+ as a stick? Or is it, as I argued in July, " Google's play for the whole stack ," bridging devices, browsers, identity and commerce services, and cloud storage?
Besides the Global Google Domination scenario, there are at least three other ways this could play out. Luckily, they correspond with three terrific articles well worth reading.
-- In " Compete to Death, Or Cooperate to Compete? ", Battelle argues that Google, Facebook and Twitter could all benefit by sharing their data resources, competing with one another based on the services they offer based on those services. A kind of social media Yalta Conference, where money would change hands (most likely flowing from Google's ad revenue to Facebook and Twitter) but creating a "public commons" of social data — for some value where "public" — "Google, Facebook and Twitter." There are real benefits to this scenario, but I'm skeptical. It seems to assume a world where Microsoft, Apple and Amazon (among others) don't have a stake in its outcome. And Yalta's agreement between Roosevelt, Churchill and Stalin didn't end so well.
-- In " Is Facebook Really Doomed to Die? " io9′s Charlie Jane Anders asks whether Facebook could escape the fate of Friendster and MySpace in the social media graveyard — especially meaningful since one goal of Google+ could be to put Facebook in the grave. There are two ways Facebook's permanent existence could play out: Facebook could remain the dominant force in social networking, or it could peacefully coexist with many other networks, possibly including Google+.
-- This last scenario is what The Atlantic's Alexis Madrigal envisions in " There Is No Next Facebook: How Multiple Social Networks Will Peacefully Coexist ." Instead of every service trying to be all things to all people, or becoming open collaborators, each will fall into an almost evolutionary equilibrium:
"Like a forest getting older, our social network usage will continue to diversify. And that's a good thing. The many overlapping networks will come to occupy personalized niches in the social biome. Some will flourish; many will just survive; others will die. But to the extent that they find their own niches instead of duplicating what others are doing, the individual network and the biome will flourish."
The history of our existence on the web has been one of punctuated equilibrium. There's no way to tell whether the latest upheaval is an extinction event or just the next new thing until long after it's all over.
With elections around the corner, the Republican candidates for the presidency have been furiously campaigning for the party nomination leading to a run off with incumbent Democrat Barack Obama. Of the four contenders left in the race, one of them consistently and fundamentally stands apart from the rest – Ron Paul. While the others generally agree upon everything except the details, Dr. Paul delves deeper into more fundamental issues and leaves these arguments over details of general principles on the sidelines. Example: the other three candidates all support, to one degree or another, another war… this time with Iran. They differ on the details as to how to go about this, ranging from immediately bombing them to imposing sanctions, but all generally agree. Ron Paul stands alone in saying that war with Iran is not necessary. Again, the other three essentially agree upon our fractional reserve monetary system controlled by the Federal Reserve. Dr. Paul desires to see fundamental reform of this system with a return to the gold standard and the abolition of the Fed. The other candidates quibble about at what rate the federal government should tax income, Ron Paul wants to see the repeal of the 16th amendment and have the federal income tax abolished. Finally, the other three desire to see the government used to coerce citizens into virtuous behaviors about which Dr. Paul believes the government should have no say – a frequently cited example is government's role in the “war” on drugs.
This always was in the back of my mind as I researched the candidates, and it often made me feel quite unsettled about supporting Ron Paul. After all, it does seem to be in the interest of the government to ensure that its citizens are free of chemical dependencies and other vices! As I began researching, I naturally turned to St. Thomas Aquinas for guidance as to the nature of human laws and to what extent it should regulate the activity of individuals with free will. After having read a little of the trusty Summa Theologiae, I feel more compelled to throw my support behind Ron Paul given that this was one of the few issues that we seemingly disagreed upon. So what does St. Thomas say? Should the State coerce virtuous behavior by outlawing all vices?
Turning to the Prima Secundae, q. 95, a. 1, we see a general premise outlined, namely that the wicked must be restrained by force of law:
…And as to those young people who are inclined to acts of virtue, by their good natural disposition, or by custom, or rather by the gift of God, paternal training suffices, which is by admonitions. But since some are found to be depraved, and prone to vice, and not easily amenable to words, it was necessary for such to be restrained from evil by force and fear, in order that, at least, they might desist from evil-doing, and leave others in peace, and that they themselves, by being habituated in this way, might be brought to do willingly what hitherto they did from fear, and thus become virtuous. Now this kind of training, which compels through fearof punishment, is the discipline of laws.
This seemingly contradicts what Dr. Paul advocates, yet there is an important distinction made here – “… and leave others in peace.” This discipline of laws regulates that which concerns the relation of one man to another and not necessarily what that man does individually which does not harm fellow men. St. Thomas goes on to make this distinction even more clear in q. 96, a. 2 when answering the question, “Whether it belongs to the human law to repress all vices?” I will quote here the first objection and answer in order to clarify the previous answer:
Objection 1. It would seem that it belongs to human law to repress all vices. For Isidore says (Etym. v, 20) that “laws were made in order that, in fear thereof, man's audacity might be held in check.” But it would not be held in check sufficiently, unless all evils were repressed by law. Therefore human laws should repress all evils. Reply to Objection 1. Audacity seems to refer to the assailing of others. Consequently it belongs to those sins chiefly whereby one's neighbor is injured: and these sins are forbidden by human law, as stated.
As we can see, the general principle of human law regulating vices chiefly applies to those vices whose commission injures one's neighbor. The respondeo explains further:
As stated above (90, A1,2), law is framed as a rule or measure of human acts. Now a measure should be homogeneous with that which it measures, as stated in Metaph. x, text. 3,4, since different things are measured by different measures. Wherefore laws imposed on men should also be in keeping with their condition, for, as Isidore says (Etym. v, 21), lawshould be “possible both according to nature, and according to the customs of the country.” Now possibility or faculty of actionis due to an interior habit or disposition: since the same thing is not possible to one who has not a virtuoushabit, as is possible to one who has. Thus the same is not possible to a child as to a full-grown man: for which reason the law for children is not the same as for adults, since many things are permitted to children, which in an adult are punished by law or at any rate are open to blame. In like manner many things are permissible to men not perfect in virtue, which would be intolerable in a virtuous man. Now human law is framed for a number of human beings, the majority of whom are not perfect in virtue. Wherefore human laws do not forbid all vices, from which the virtuous abstain, but only the more grievous vices, from which it is possible for the majority to abstain; and chiefly those that are to the hurt of others, without the prohibition of which human society could not be maintained: thus human law prohibits murder, theft and such like.
So as we can see, human law does not need to regulate all vice, but only those vices “that are to the hurt of others.” In the example above concerning outlawing drug use, it would seem that Dr. Paul is in agreement with the Angelic Doctor. So long as this use does not hurt others, for example by operating heavy machinery while impaired, it seems the human laws should not regulate it. Taking the common sense approach, as Dr. Paul often does, ask yourself this question – if the government were to cease enforcing drug laws today, would I go out and use heroin tomorrow? The answer to this question is likely to lead you to the conclusion that the government, in fact, does not need these laws. And this goes beyond drug use into other questions concerning behaviors of a personal matter.
This approach to the laws governing our nation combined with Ron Paul's constitutional views on subsidiarity, sound economic policies, just war, and the personal liberty of free and virtuous citizens, I believe, makes them the only viable candidate for people of good will among the field of contenders for the US presidency. What say you?
Advertisements
As Pebble's latest project nears $20 million in pledges, on top of $10 million the first time, it still might seem odd that the company decided to return to Kickstarter. But the truth is that creators come back to Kickstarter every day. In fact, creators who have run more than one project have received over $511 million in pledges — nearly a third of all money pledged on Kickstarter.
Already in 2015, Pebble, Max Temkin, 3Doodler, Spark, and many others have returned to gather funding and a community around new projects.
By now that's not so unusual: 22,000 Kickstarter creators — 12% of all of them — have launched more than one project. It's easy to see why. The funding success rate for creators who come back after a successfully funded project is nearly double that of the overall site average — and their next projects do even better.
Previous successfully
funded projects Success rate for
next project 1 73% 2 80% 3 87% 4 87% 5 91%
Kickstarter is a tool that creators can use again and again, pulling in new fans along the way. Here's a look at how the average number of backers grows as creators fund multiple projects.
Creators tell us that this ability to build community is one of the best things about using Kickstarter — and that it can turn out to be more important than the money they raise.
One of these creators is Elly Blue, a creator in Portland who's run 20 publishing projects, all of them focused on bikes, women, and women on bikes, raising between $500 and $10,000 each time.
Elly wanted to print a zine back in 2010, and a friend told them about Kickstarter, describing it as "the world pays you to do what you want." After their first success, Elly says, the financial and community benefits kept them coming back: “People sometimes seem to be as or more excited about the Kickstarter campaign as they are about the books themselves. It turns the project into something more participatory, an event.”
Projects from returning creators are more common in some categories than others. This chart shows the fraction of projects in each category that are from creators using Kickstarter for the second, third, or even fiftieth time.
(Note that the Journalism category is less than a year old.)
Let's look at how the success rate of creators' first projects compares to that of subsequent ones broken down by category. The first column here is the success rate for first projects from all creators, whether or not they launched another one. The second column is the success rate for second-and-later projects, including those from creators who didn't reach their goal the first time.
Category First projects Second or
later projects Increase in
success rate Games 26% 56% 116% Technology 21% 36% 75% Crafts 23% 40% 73% Design 31% 50% 60% Publishing 29% 41% 41% Comics 45% 62% 39% Fashion 24% 33% 35% Food 28% 35% 26% Photography 30% 36% 21% Journalism 25% 30% 20% Art 42% 50% 18% Dance 64% 75% 16% Theater 61% 67% 9% Music 53% 57% 9% Film & Video 39% 41% 6%
Repeat creators get more of a bump in some categories than others, but the success rate improves across the board.
These statistics really show the power of community, and of this platform as a way to grow and sustain it. We're so glad to be a home to creators who love this new way of making and sharing things with loyal fans. If you've run a project before and are working on something new, come back! We've missed you.
For more on repeat creators, see this article in The Guardian today.
Andrea's story isn't unique. I've met so many Americans who are out there pounding the pavement looking for work only to discover that they need new skills. And I've met a lot of employers who are looking for workers, but can't find ones with the skills they're looking for.
So we should be doing everything we can to put higher education within reach for every American – because at a time when the unemployment rate for Americans with at least a college degree is about half the national average, it's never been more important. But here's the thing: it's also never been more expensive. Students who take out loans to pay for college graduate owing an average of $25,000. For the first time, Americans owe more debt on their student loans than they do on their credit cards. And for many working families, the idea of owing that much money means that higher education is simply out of reach for their children.
In America, higher education cannot be a luxury. It's an economic imperative that every family must be able to afford. That's why next week I'll be visiting colleges across the country, talking to students about how we can make higher education more affordable – and what's at stake right now if Congress doesn't do something about it. You see, if Congress doesn't act, on July 1st interest rates on some student loans will double. Nearly seven and half million students will end up owing more on their loan payments. That would be a tremendous blow. And it's completely preventable.
This issue didn't come out of nowhere. For some time now, I've been calling on Congress to take steps to make higher education more affordable – to prevent these interest rates from doubling, to extend the tuition tax credit that has saved middle-class families millions of dollars, and to double the number of work-study jobs over the next five years.
Instead, over the past few years, Republicans in Congress have voted against new ways to make college more affordable for middle-class families, and voted for huge new tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires – tax cuts that would have to be paid for by cutting things like education and job-training programs that give students new opportunities to work and succeed.
We cannot just cut our way to prosperity. Making it harder for our young people to afford higher education and earn their degrees is nothing more than cutting our own future off at the knees. Congress needs to keep interest rates on student loans from doubling, and they need to do it now.
This is a question of values. We cannot let America become a country where a shrinking number of people do really well, while a growing number of people struggle to get by. We've got to build an economy where everyone gets a fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules. That's how the middle class gets stronger. That's an economy that's built to last. And I'm not only going to take that case to college campuses next week – I'm going to take it to every part of the country this year. Thanks, and have a great weekend.
BAGHDAD — Iraqi soldiers and militants of the Islamic State group clashed again over the weekend in a western Iraqi town that has changed hands several times in skirmishes near a military base where American troops are training Iraqi soldiers.
Hundreds of Islamic State fighters captured most of the town, Baghdadi, on Thursday, but by Friday evening Iraqi soldiers had retaken several government buildings.
Then early Saturday, in what has become a familiar routine, the soldiers suddenly withdrew, all but handing the town back to the militants, according to local security officials.
“I have no explanation,” Col. Shaaban al-Obeidi, a commander in a police combat unit in Baghdadi, said on Saturday afternoon, adding that the militants were surrounding a residential complex where hundreds of civilians were staying. “They have put all those families in danger,” Colonel Obeidi said.
At 5-foot-6, 170 pounds, rookie wide receiver/return specialist Jakeem Grant, aka Mighty Mouse, has yet to find their fit in Miami, and size is the obvious issue.
Grant, the Dolphins' sixth-round selection in the 2016 Draft, is jaw-dropping fast and dynamic once they find the open space. Selected as a special teams-first type player, the former Texas Tech standout has shared punt returns with Jarvis Landry. Landry is Pro Football Focus's number-one rated return specialist (84.0 overall grade), while Grant has just 5.3 yards on three punt returns.
Yes, Grant was successful at Texas Tech with four kick return touchdowns during their career, but maybe punt returns just aren't in their wheelhouse?
As for being involved in the offense, offensive coordinator Clyde Christensen made it clear last week that Grant is currently not an option in the team's offensive game plan, but that they will be down the road. But just how far down the road did that mean?
Well, at 0-2 (3rd AFC East) and potentially without starting running back Arian Foster (groin), who is listed as day-to-day, the clock may be ticking faster than we all think.
While Miami is packed full of talent at the receiver position, the man they call “Mighty Mouse” could find their true calling as a change-of-pace back. Throughout the league, there are plenty of backs with similar skills and size. One player stands out: Darren Sproles.
I'm not going to sit here and say, “Jakeem Grant could be the next Darren Sproles,” because Sproles is a proven veteran back and Grant has yet to record a single career carry. However, for argument's sake, their size, play-making abilities, toughness, and ability to catch in open space make Grant a fair comparison to the Philadelphia Eagles running back.
Why it works?
Adam Gase is no stranger to using multiple running backs throughout their offense.
2015: Matt Forte, Jeremy Langford, Ka'Deem Carey
2014: CJ Anderson, Ronnie Hillman, Monte Ball, Juwan Thompson
2013: Knowshon Moreno, Ronnie Hillman, Monte Ball
Second-year back Jay Ajayi, who struggled throughout much of preseason before losing the starting job, is currently averaging a dismal (5-carries, 14-yards) 2.8 yards per carry. Additionally, health concerns have surrounded Arian Foster and Kenyan Drake, and both have a laundry list of injuries throughout their careers.
Using Jakeem Grant much like Adam Gase used Ronnie Hillman in 2014 could be beneficial in taking pressure off the other backs while protecting quarterback Ryan Tannehill, much like Sproles has helped rookie Carson Wentz this season. The Dolphins have struggled with injuries so far and will need to keep the current 53-man roster fully intact, meaning Grant could be limited to only a few carries and catches a game. Still, if Gase & Co. utilize their offensive weapons correctly, there is no need to sign another RB with the current depth chart.
How it works
Credited with helping Bears QB Jay Cutler achieve their best overall season in 2015, Gase has tried to do similar things with Ryan Tannehill. Providing an offense that functions both efficiently and conclusively is intended to make one of the most-sacked QBs in the NFL feel comfortable within their pocket.
With their small frame and quickness, Grant, much like Sproles, can become very hard to spot behind their blockers. While in one-on-one plays like tosses to the outside, Grant can out-run their opponents, and screens and dump-off passes are where they can truly shine in Adam Gase's offense.
At the end of the day, one of the many reasons Adam Gase signed with the Miami Dolphins was permission to control their 53-man roster. Though it may feel like a gimmick right now saying Grant could work their way into the running back position., effective play-calling has always been something Gase excels in. Just remember this: the best way to eliminate negative plays from your QB is too get the ball out of their hands quickly.
Using Jakeem Grant effectively in a two-back set could not only help the Dolphins' 27th ranked run-offense, but it could also greatly help Tannehill with their problem of holding onto the ball for too long. A check-down RB who had 90 receptions for 1,268 yards and 10 touchdowns as a senior in college seems like the perfect fit.
Shipping
In-stock items ordered by noon, Mountain Time, leave our warehouse the same day. Items ordered after that time will ship next business day. Look under the product price above to check the product's availability.
Within the continental United States
Standard ground: Orders of single or multiple products from Bikewagon.com ship to anywhere in the continental (lower 48) United States for $5.00. Orders over $50.00 will be shipped standard ground for free. Individual items labeled with free shipping will also ship for free.*
Express shipping: For an additional charge, orders may be shipped express and will typically arrive within 1 - 2 days. To apply this option, select "Express Mail" shipping at checkout.
Hawaii & Alaska
Shipments to Alaska and Hawaii are limited to those items that can be shipped via USPS mail.
International shipping
International shipments are limited to those items that can be sent via international mail. Some brands restrict sales to U.S. customers only. International customers are responsible for all customs fees.
While most international orders will arrive within two to three weeks via First-Class International mail, please be aware that some orders may take up to 8 weeks due to slow customs processing in some countries. To avoid the possibility of this, please select another shipping method at checkout.
For orders outside of the United States and Canada over $400, we require a wire transfer payment before shipping. If you are interested in making such a purchase, please contact us for details.
See our shipping policy for complete details and a list of restricted brands.
*Complete bikes, frames, wheelsets and other oversized items are excluded from $5 and free shipping and will include the shipping charge as indicated at checkout. High-quantity orders of multiple products may also include a shipping charge. International orders and orders going to Hawaii, Alaska and U.S. territories are also excluded.
**Additional charges will be applied to items shipped outside the continental U.S. International customers are responsible for all customs fees.
10 Things Idiocracy Got Right About the Future Catch Idiocracy this month on IFC. Posted by Cher Martinetti on March 6th
Mike Judge took a lot of shots at humanity's expense in Idiocracy. Eerily, the cult comedy actually made a few spot-on predictions about our future. And since we're a country of over-achievers, it's only taken us nine years to do in real life what the movie claimed would happen in 500. Here are a few things the Luke Wilson/Dax Shepard comedy got right about the future. (Click here to see Idiocracy airings on IFC this month.)
10. TV basically looks like this now:
With TV and computer screens looking more like App stores, it's only a matter of time before can dial up the latest episode of “Ow, My Balls!” with one touch.
9. Whoever has the most babies wins.
Between Jon and Kate Plus 8 and The Duggars plus infinity, popping out litters of tiny humans increases your chances of having your very own reality show. It's only a matter of time before the overbreeders slowly take over the world.
8. Companies are (almost) cursing in ads.
They may be a bit more brazen in the movie.
But it's not like companies aren't trying.
7. News channels are getting ridiculous.
We may not have scantily clad anchors yet, but we have holograms!
6. We're on track to talk way dumber by 2505.
In 2014, Oxford Dictionaries added a bunch of new words. Fittingly, douchebaggery was one of them.
5. Ass may not be a number one film, but…
It'll still make someone millions.
4. Food vending machines have evolved.
It must have been really hard finding good pizza in Italy. Good thing there's this pizza ATM.
3. Fast food has gone next level.
Those Big Az Fries are nothing compared to these culinary gems.
Congrats to KFC on the Double Down Hot Dog! You're one step closer to your goal of giving the world Type 2 diabetes! pic.twitter.com/aTqYwzq7wg — Crockpot & Cauldron (@CrocknCauldron) February 17, 2015
Pick-up a large, DEEP!DEEP! Dish pizza topped w/ pepperoni & bacon, then wrapped in over 3.5ft of crispy bacon today! pic.twitter.com/AyLWcpmGUG — Little Caesars (@littlecaesars) March 4, 2015
2. Everything has electrolytes.
Mountain Dew should change their name to Mountain Don't.
1. Our computer screens are getting simpler.
And not necessarily in a good way.
(Imgur)
Themes, themes, the magical fruit… wait, nope, I'm pretty sure that's something else. Anyways, I believe we're to a point in the Drupal community where we no longer have to scrounge around to find good looking and FREE Drupal themes that have long since been readily available in the Wordpress community. Of course, us Drupalites know how awesome and powerful Drupal is, but we've all heard the same thing, "Drupal's admin theme is crap, Wordpress just looks so much better."
It's true, Wordpress does have a very clean user interface, and it's something they've perfected over the years, but that doesn't mean that Drupal can't get to that point. Seven, the default theme, isn't terrible by any means, but there are some things we could do that makes it better.
Unfortunately, the administration interface probably isn't a prime concern for the core team, so it's up to the contrib community to take that task on. Luckily, some of us have already stepped up to the challenge to create very clean looking Drupal administration themes along with some additional tools that will make your admin experience more enjoyable not just for you, but your users as well.
Here I'll be showing off a list of free Drupal administration themes on Drupal.org, while giving a couple screenshots of what they look like in use. I tested each of these themes on our in-house distribution, Open Enterprise Pro, looking at a content admin view, a standard blog entry, and the appearance page to show various aspects of how it handles form elements and Drupal messages.
Top Seven Drupal 7 Admin Themes
Seven
You might be wondering, "But wait, that's the default Drupal admin theme?!" You're right, it is, but it's definitely better than some other admin themes out there. The good thing is if there is something wrong or wonky with another admin theme, you can always default back to Seven and you'll be fine. Like I said, it's not the best, but it's definitely not the worst.
Rubik
Classic Rubik. This is currently LevelTen's admin theme of choice, because it looks great generally no matter what you throw at it. Based on the Tao base theme, Rubik provides a clean admin theme that covers pretty much all aspects of Drupal admin. One of my favorite parts of Rubik is, if you notice in the blog entry screenshot, the sidebar. This is great when you have meta data fields, like tagging, category taxonomies, or boolean settings because it feels more semantic. Of course, it hasn't been updated in a year, but you'll find it to work pretty well.
Cube
Cube is based on Rubik, so you won't find too many differences between the two, but it's a change. The main difference you'll notice is the site navigation embedded in the top, the page tabs, hover states, and list elements. Like I said, I love the sidebar, but unfortunately it seems to be broken which is kind of a bummer.
Stanley
Stanley started out as an implementation of Twitter Bootstrap. Though Stanley eventually phased out using Bootstrap in version 2.x, the theme started by drawing inspiration from Bootstrap. It looks great and has makes the primary tabs look like an administrative menu, but it doesn't play too well with Admin Menu, which of course is one of our favorites. The great thing about Stanley is that they were smart about what module people use when working with Drupal, so they accounted for Views, Rules, Search API, and more. Just for the fact that they thought about this, I would give them a shot and try it out for yourself.
Shiny
If you've ever installed and used Commerce Kickstart v2, you've probably seen the Shiny admin theme. It has a very Twitter Bootstrap feel to it if you look at the buttons and color scheme, and it has been recently updated so it's not a bad theme to keep in your back pocket.
Ember
Ember is an excellent new responsive admin theme that's meant to be used with the Spark distribution. It was based on Seven and meant for Spark users, but it turns out that it works pretty well by itself. Also to note that it was built to work with the Navbar module (Toolbar in Drupal 8), and while I'm not a huge fan of Navbar myself (when compared to Admin Menu), it looks pretty slick. Also notice that Navbar is meant to be responsive, so the menu can appear at the top of the screen or as a sidebar (shown in the screenshots below). If you're curious, download both and give it a shot. You might surprise yourself.
Adminimal
I saved Adminimal for last, as personally it is my favorite admin theme that has potential. I say this because the theme is still in dev and there are things that need to be fixed, but I definitely like where it's going. It has a flat UI, very Google-like in the interface, nice looking icons, and overall very smooth experience. Now I think that in some instances, the text could be smaller and it needs help with select lists and radios, but overall I think it's a great start at an admin theme with a lot of potential. The theme ships with a module that clean up Admin Menu with the same design, and it looks really cool. So if you're tired of the same old look of Admin Menu, and want to try a new admin theme, give Adminimal a shot and let the maintainer know what you think.
Notable and notorious.
There are a lot of themes out there. Believe me, I know, I just checked the interwebs.
Here are a list of some themes you might want to look out for as they didn't bode too well for me when I tried them out, or they're just plain… old.
RootCandy - Drupal 6 called, they want their admin theme back.
BH Bootstrap - It says on the project page that it seems to work better than fine as a normal admin theme, but I didn't have the same experience. Unfortunately I can't recommend it.
Paddle Admin Theme - I downloaded it, but it obviously still needs some work since you have to clone it just to get it. Looks alright, so I'll keep it in here for archiving reasons.
So here's a giant list of free Drupal admin themes that are at your disposal. Rubik is great for all around admin look, but if you want to try something new and fun, try out Ember or Admininal and give them some feedback. I'm sure they will appreciate the gesture.
What are some of your favorite Drupal admin themes or tools that you use on a daily basis?
Firstly a quick announcement from Black Sheep:
This weekend the Manchester based club Black Sheep will sell stickers to show that the Ultimate Frisbee scene in the UK and Europe stands in solidarity with Manchester, the victims and families affected by last week's tragic bombing attack.
A sticker can be purchased for a small donation (suggested donation 50p to £1) at any of the three Black Sheep teams and also at the TD desk. All profits raised will be donated to the “We Love Manchester Emergency Fund”, raising money to help those bereaved or injured.
Please help Black Sheep raise some cash for this very worthy cause. Now onto the frisbee, with our preview from David “DP” Pryce.
With the end of the Mixed regular season comes the start of the Open and Women's. In such an exciting year, given the WUCC qualification implications, we also have loads of changes for club teams to get through as they try out different combinations ahead of EUCF 2017 and WUCC 2018.
The Regular Season
With the ever expanding Tour format it was clear that there were not many venues that could hold the sheer number of teams in both Women's and Men's division, maintain a high level of competitiveness and attempt to serve the purposes of players from all over the UK.
To combat this, the UKU has attempted a format change which will be set in place this season. I would urge everyone to really give it a chance and then give constructive feedback to the UKU afterwards, as they are trying to do what's best for the sport. The players, teams and club provide the best perspective here so feedback could be vital.
So, what's new? Well we still have a top 16 and now a fixed top 12 but beneath this we will have just one larger division that is split geographically into North and South regions. We are assuming this is to minimise travel distances over the whole season, although it remains to be seen how this works out.
The format of the postseason is also changing, but let's leave that can of worms till we get nearer.
For now, I don't see much changing at the top A Tour but I am very interested to see how the promotions and demotions pan out with the geographical nature of the B Tour.
Who
The UKU has already announced that the top 12 teams from the Tour standings last season will start in the A Tour and will be guaranteed entry to A Tour venues if they remain in the top 12. They are: Chevron Action Flash, Glasgow 1, Manchester 1, Fire of London 1, Reading 1, Devon 1, EMO 1, Clapham, SMOG, Ka-Pow!, Birmingham 1, Flump.
The UKU have emphasised, though, that these teams aren't guaranteed to be in the A Tour all year, so promotion and relegation still matters.
The Rocks
There are some teams in this list who we have seen time and time again perform at the very peaks of UK Ultimate and would imagine keep their places. Clapham have been on an extensive recruitment drive over the winter to start pooling talent ahead of WUCC. Young stars like Conor Hogan (Ireland Open), Conrad Wilson (GB U24 Dev) and Elliot Canning (Brighton) will combine with veterans James Freeman, Callum Ayers and Hayden Slaughter to really give the squad some depth. But will they have been able to get on the same page ready for WindFarm? CU will be sending two teams and cutting players throughout the season to ensure every one of these players is fighting to the end.
On the other hand, Chevron and Fire have already battled once this season in the final of Fog Lane (15-13 to the “Northern” giants). Both teams have truly consolidated their strengths from previous seasons. Fire have retained the bulk of last year's squad and have some exciting additions in the form of Harry Slinger-Thompson, Nick Barker, Brodie Whittington and Rolo Turnell-Ritson. Expect tenacious defence from this team, whose strict attendance rules have been aimed at ensuring cohesion throughout. Chevron have also maintained a fantastic core and, as ever, have drafted in some young talent from the GB Juniors program along with Issa Dualeh (trying to work their way up the table one team at a time). Both sides missed players at Fog Lane and still managed to play a great final, so this fight is sure to continue for the rest of the season.
Not far behind is the ever present EMO. The team qualified for WUCC last time round, but outside of captain Tom Tongue, Ben Poole, Tom Fox and a select few others, not many of that team remain with the club. This means that many of their players have experienced very little international Ultimate.
They have been cultivating a good development structure through their second team and local universities, with great Ultimate coaching foundations. I would not be surprised to see either end of the spectrum from EMO; they may upset some big names but may also be taken down themselves. As long as they can maintain composure they can play some fantastic Ultimate and will be a team to watch – as will the potential return of talismanic handler Joe Wynder, who has been to trainings but may well not commit to Tour.
You want upsets? Then Devon are your team. A game they will tell you all about is beating Fire in the last qualification year, at Nottingham, in the most emphatic style. Sadly, I didn't get to see them play at Fog Lane but with incredible strength from the likes of Richard Coward and Sam “Meat Train” Taylor, I think this team are a force to be reckoned with.
Finally, a quick word on Manchester; they didn't appear to be firing on all cylinders in Leicester but judging by the last few seasons' performances and their retention of a good core, I can't see them slipping out of this top echelon under the new leadership of Tom ‘Yellow' Lees, Sion Regan and David Todd.
The Next Few
Teams like Reading, Glasgow, SMOG and Ka-Pow! have taken a bit of a hit due to previous players or clubs focussing on Mixed (Reading, Glasgow and Deep Space to be specific) or defections to other Open teams. The 5-12 bracket is absolutely wide open and it very well could come down to who copes best on the day to what they are given.
Undecided..
The only two left of this top bracket are Flump and Birmingham. Both these teams have been battling it out in both A and B tour over the last couple of seasons. Birmingham have lost their key handler Marius Hutcheson, who's moved to Ka-Pow!, and cutter Will Collier who has moved north, but will still have a number of players with experience at A Tour level. Flump have lost a few of their stalwart players and will be missing offensive handler Sean Colfer in Nottingham, but they have added a number of athletic younger players in response. How both teams deal with that roster turnover will dictate how well they do at this and other Tours.
Games to watch
There will be a live stream provided by Fanseat showcasing field A and potentially B as well (unconfirmed). However for those lucky to be there in person pool B looks like the Pool of Death with Chevron, Fire, EMO and Brighton offering some potentially fantastic, close games. This could end up any way but Clapham's equally split teams must be laughing where they have been placed, going into pools A and D. I think they will be challenged most by Manchester (A), Glasgow (A) or Devon (D) but it'll be tough for anyone to overcome either side. A new addition for this year is EDI, which is the replacement for Sneeekys from Edinburgh. It'll be fun to see how they match up with Devon in pool D. Bad Skid are always worth a watch but again getting a relatively easy pool C, so I would say Reading vs SMOG will be the one to watch here.
Unlike Sean Colfer I don't do predictions, so good luck to all, hope it isn't too windy (even though we all know it will be).
(Note from Sean – coward: Clapham 1, Clapham A, Chevron, Bad Skid, Fire, Glasgow, SMOG, EDI, Manchester, EMO is my top 10.)
Featured image by Andrew Moss.
The NFL has been in the news a lot lately, with news articles and TV coverage about NFL injuries popping up all over the place, especially when it comes to brain injuries. Something that hasn't received as much attention is the high level of painkiller addiction among current and former NFL players. Painkiller addiction is something that many former football players deal with, whether they made it to the pros or not. Painkillers are handed out like candy in a lot of football programs, which is something that I've heard football players say many times. I listen to sports radio 1080 The Fan everyday on my way to and from work, and the ex-football players on there talk about it all the time. It's a part of football culture. Your knee hurts and you can't play? Well, lets take you to the locker room, plug you with a needle, and shazam, it's like you have a whole new knee. Well, at least long enough to finish the game, after that the player is on their own to figure it out.
Earlier this week, there was a lot of chatter about how the House GOP's Obamacare repeal and replace package, supposedly strongly supported by Donald Trump but totally justifiably opposed by the House Freedom Caucus and people like Sen. Rand Paul, could turn out to be really bad for all those white working-class, rural voters who put Trump in the White House and Republicans in charge of both chambers of Congress.
The core problem, as RedState alumnus Erick Erickson deftly noted in a New York Times op-ed, is that most Republicans have shown zero interest in taking steps to bring down the cost of actual health care. While I'm sure Erick has their own ideas how to do this, it seems pretty obvious that keeping guaranteed issue of insurance plus price controls in place as well as banning benefit caps—all of which seems to be part of the Republican plan—is the opposite of it. Basically, by saying they'll keep these provisions of Obamacare around, Republicans are keeping policy in place that straight-up tells health care providers that they can charge literally whatever they want and know that it will all be paid for. That means health care costs aren't going anywhere but up, and that makes the whole package a bad deal for taxpayers and poorer, older, less healthy, exurb and rural area inhabiting Trump voters who are probably not going to find themselves better off with the AHCA than they were with un-“reformed” Obamacare, or so indicates the Wall Street Journal.
But if you were worried that these voters were about to get screwed by the Trump-supported House GOP Obamacare “repeal and replace” plan, pay attention: They might be about to get further screwed because a super-simple, small move that the Department of Health and Human Services was planning to take to keep drug prices down for these voters has been postponed until May 22, or maybe indefinitely.
The rule in question relates to the 340B drug discount program, which basically says that if pharmaceutical companies are going to pad their bottom line with taxpayers' money dished out via entitlements that Big Pharma has consistently fought hard to expand, they have to sell drugs to people with the exact demographic profile of your stereotypical Midwestern or Southern Trump voter at a discount. No taxpayer money is involved. Pharmaceutical companies just don't like it because it would mean that they have to sell drugs like muscular dystrophy-treating Emflaza for less than $89,000 a dose. Delaying the rule is a big giveaway to Big Pharma, which has spent millions lobbying to kill off 340B, because the rule specifies how to calculate the top price for discounted drugs, and contains anti-overcharging provisions—much milder stuff than having Medicare negotiate drug prices directly or authorizing prescription drug re-importation, both things Trump has proposed.
Given all the outcry over drug pricing in the last 12 months, even though 340B is a teeny-tiny thing, it's pretty unlikely that its demise or curtailment won't be noticed—if that's what ends up happening, which would be weird, not just because of all of Trump's rhetoric on drug prices, but also because of Tom Price's reported prior strong support for 340B, and the bad politics of it. But then again, this is the Beltway establishment GOP, and they've already proven they're cool with simply tweaking Obamacare rather than repealing it. Policy being nonsensical and politically suicidal is not an obstacle to their pursuing it, as they prove at least half the time they're given the chance.
But hey, go for it. If the plan is to make healthcare worse as well as destroy conservative (much less Republican) credibility for a generation, they're doing a bangup job. But I guess that ship already sailed in November.
By Yoon Sung-won
BUSAN ― Nexon Korea's mobile action role-playing game (RPG) "Heroes of Incredible Tales" (HIT), developed by NAT Games, was named this year's best game in Korea, Wednesday.
During the 2016 Korea Game Awards ceremony, HIT won the grand prize, beating Netmarble Games' "Stone Age," developed by Netmarble N2, in the main prize competition.
"It is a great honor to win the biggest game prize of the year," NAT Games CEO Park Yong-hyun said after receiving the award at the BEXCO exhibition center in Busan, Wednesday. "We will continue to provide entertaining games for users."
Besides the grand prize, HIT was also named as the most popular Korean game of the year. Blizzard Entertainment's "Overwatch" was the most popular foreign game.
HIT has drawn more than 11 million users globally in less than a year since its release. Featuring cutting-edge graphic technology and dynamic action, the game is also a hit in overseas markets such as Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Vietnam, helping Nexon boost its global mobile game sales.
Started in 1996, the annual awards event has run for 21 years. The event is hosted by the Korea Internet Digital Entertainment Association (K-iDEA) and organized by the Ministry of Culture, Sport and Tourism.
In 2014, mobile action role-playing game (RPG) "Blade for Kakao," developed by Action Square and published by Four Thirty Three, won the grand prize for the first time as a mobile title. A year later, mobile action RPG "Raven with Naver" by Netmarble Games won the top prize. As HIT clinching the top game prize, it has shown that mobile games are rapidly boosting their presence in the industry as the mainstream over computer online games.
Neowiz Bless Studio's Bless IMC Games' "Tree of Savior," Factorial Games' "Lost Kingdom" and ROI Games' "White Day: A Labyrinth Named School" jointly won third prize.
Skonec Entertainment's virtual reality (VR) shooting game "Mortal Blitz VR," designed for Sony Interactive Entertainment's PS VR and HTC's Vive platforms, won the next-generation game content prize.
Netmarble Games won the corporate social responsibility prize for running a game academy to foster industry talent.
We've known for decades that the available pool of IPv4 address was eventually going to dry up, but despite numerous warnings usage of its successor IPv6 is still minimal. Why haven't we migrated yet? Geoff Huston, chief scientist for regional internet registry APNIC, suggests that the answer is that carriers are too cheap to make the switch and are happy to rely on network address translation (NAT) systems instead.
IPv6 picture from Shutterstock
In a presentation at Linux.conf.au in Canberra yesterday, Huston pointed out that despite the fact that allocation of IPv4 addresses is now effectively frozen, uptake of IPv6 has been very slow. "At the moment, there's very little IPv6 out there," they said, citing measurements that suggest active usage below one per cent. "Most of the world is capable of running IPv6 but doesn't.
Rather than rebuilding their systems, carriers have favoured using NAT instead, which effectively allows multiple devices to use the same IP address, with the NAT equipment determining which address needs to go where. "Almost everyone now in the mobile part of the world uses carrier-grade NATs and increasingly this is happening in the wired world as well," Huston said.
It's a messy solution and one with several limitations: you can't readily access HTTPS content, for instance. However, it's much cheaper than acquiring new hardware. Huston estimates the cost at $40 per user per year, and that figure continues to drop.
So what happens if you want to build a new data centre and need a fresh block of IP addresses for that purpose? Effectively, you have four choices. APNIC might be generous offer you a small block of 1024 IPv4 addresses from its remaining pool, but that's not guaranteed and it may not be sufficient. You can try and build an all-IPv6 centre, but many equipment manufacturers haven't made the switch yet. As Huston puts it: "Go to a vendor and say you want dual stack equipment and they will laugh at you."
You can try and buy IP addresses from existing owners, but despite predictions of price gouging Huston says the secondary market remains relatively undeveloped so far: "It's not a market, it's just a bunch of people playing around."
The biggest pools of addresses are now owned by large telecommunication companies. "There are no more small-scale ISPs any more," Huston observed. "This industry has agglomerated like crazy. Finally, you can use NAT, which appears to now be the default choice.
Huston noted that while IP technologies have been adopted by carriers, that didn't happen without a struggle. "When you look at the Internet, you in some ways see a story that exists despite the telephone companies."
The challenge now is in updating the network hardware. Modern operating systems all support IPv6, as do most newer phones. "Considering how fast we cycle through technology, most of the stuff out there talks IPv6," Huston said. However, that doesn't help if the equipment those devices connect to don't use the newer protocol.
In Australia, the only ISP offering IPv6 by default for new connections is Internode, and none of the mobile carriers offer it. "That's why the numbers are so shit. None of the providers in the last mile are willing to take the punt," Huston said.
End users might not care how their IP addresses are assigned, but an internet based largely on NAT systems would completely eliminate network neutrality, Huston suggested. "A carrier-grade NAT is like a toolbox. The access provider has visibility to the traffic, and the rationing model changes."
"Once we've exhausted IPv4 addresses there's no such thing as end-to-end anymore All of your traffic is pulled apart and sometimes the content is changed. All of a sudden, openness doesn't exist any more. This whole idea of permission-less networking is over if the network is ridden with middleware and with folks whose economic incentive is to restrict the edge because they want their money back."
For Huston, the biggest issue is that the resistance to IPv6 might signal a move away from the open standards-based world that the internet has heralded, returning us to the state of technology three decades ago. "Back then, everything was proprietary. It was a closed world. We never see much of that any more, apart from the iPhone which is a resurgence of the same thing. This is a world which is dominated by openness, but how fragile is this? Will it last?"
"What we've really done is shut down the last 10 years of fascinating, mind-boggling marvellous innovation and replaced it with crap. It's time to think about this and choose very carefully."
Lifehacker's World Of Servers sees me travelling to conferences around Australia and around the globe in search of fresh insights into how server and infrastructure deployment is changing in the cloud era. This week, I'm in Canberra for Linux.conf.au, paying particular attention to the systems administration mini-conference and sessions on virtualisation and best practice.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If Manchester United aren't careful they are in very real danger of becoming the new Liverpool.
For far too long the Anfield club has been mired in its own mythology, strangling itself in nostalgia to the extent that any stumble in a forward direction was greeted with demands to revisit the past. They had their sacred cows in Dalglish and Benitez and their deified names were dutifully summoned in loud whispers whenever things went bad. It was unhealthy, destabilising and at worst toxic.
One of Brendan Rodgers' greatest achievements in their still infant tenure at the club has been to embrace the Scouse propensity to venerate the past whilst at the same time dispelling the ghoulish haunt of managers-in-waiting. They have been able to assert their personal footballing philosophy whilst finding their own place in the hearts of the fans. What United must guard against and dispel is a culture of pedestal building in which logic goes out of the window and schmaltzy nonsense takes its place.
The club have yet to announce to the world what everyone has known for a week: that Louis van Gaal will be their new football manager.
The delay has something to do with the facade of due diligence and much to do with how exactly Ryan Giggs fits into the Dutchman's plans. Giggs is seen as pivotal to the future of the club and a vital link to its recent glorious past.  They are also a man with clear ambition and the savvy to leverage their prominent position.
Analysis:
The Class of '92 are adored by the Old Trafford faithful and for good reason. They are group of young men whose education at the club began before the game turned into of shiny Gazprom-sponsored shell of glitzy nothingness and it shows. Born of the old Cliff in Broughton, Salford, before training was upped to the sterile fortress of Carrington, each of them fundamentally gets the ethos and spirit of the club. It is a connection that's both authentic and rare.
That said there is nothing that sullies even the truest bonds like calamitous failure. Those who continue to call for Giggs to be installed as permanent manager, or at the very least be foisted upon Van Gaal as an unwanted lieutenant do so at the threat of desecrating a yet unsullied reputation (personal misdemeanours apart). What is more, it risks destabilising the imminent managerial appointment before it's even in place. Unless all parties are absolutely complicit, the merest difficulty will tear public unity asunder.
There is nothing wrong with the board suggesting to any prospective coach that they would very much like a talented and respected insider to be part of their inner circle. Van Gaal has after all gone on record as saying they always like to keep at least one coach from the previous regime on their staff. However the final say must be that of the new man who is in charge, otherwise they are patently not. The club cannot force an arranged marriage and expect harmonious love to blossom.
(Image: Getty)
The very real dangers of imposing an artificial union are obvious. If as expected Van Gaal is given a very short two year contract, and when their bullish approach to management inevitably rubs certain players up the wrong way, the obvious ear the disgruntled will bend is that of Giggsy. And how is the Welshman to react when the man whose job they desperately covet faces bratty resentment from key personnel? Especially if they have an inkling of sympathy for a former teammate's plight? I can't end well.
Of course it needn't be so Machiavellian on Giggs' part; to suggest they would be anything but supportive of a new boss is a little presumptuous and somewhat unfair. But as David Moyes will attest, the modern day star footballer has far more job security than their immediate boss and can therefore be inclined to bide their time in the most unhelpful manner possible. With all this talk of Giggs' almost certain succession to the throne, some may be tempted to simply ride out the storm.
Gary Neville recently praised Manchester United for ‘standing against the immediacy of modern life', albeit before they sacked David Moyes. But far more dangerous than living for the now is focusing on the hypothetical future. Why aren't the names of Robson, Keane, Bruce or even Solskjaer being tipped to succeed Moyes? Because the sands of time have shifted and the managerial stars of these potential candidates have waned. What makes the fantasy of Ryan Giggs immune to cruel reality?
(Image: Paul Simpson / MEN)
Gary Neville has latterly emerged as Ryan Giggs' most vocal and public cheerleader, waving their metaphorical pompoms with nationalist glee. ‘I'd like United to appoint a British manager! Naming no names! Certainly not my mate and business partner who also happens to employ my brother!' they haven't yet explicitly admitted. The impartial one is joined in the pro-Giggs camp by the shadowy spectre of Sir Alex Ferguson, who still seems to struggle with the concept of full retirement.
These are ghosts. They are legends from Manchester United's past. Recent past granted but history nonetheless. What United must do now is plan ahead with pragmatism and sense, not pander to sentimental whim. There is no reason why the future may not include the likes of Giggs, Butt, Neville, Neville and Scholes, but such decisions must be rooted in logic and rationale, and be consistent with the new manager's wishes. Manchester United cannot become the new Liverpool.
Swedish military studying video appearing to show sunken vessel but confusion reigns over whether it is a recent model or one that sank as long ago as 1916
The Swedish military is studying a video taken by shipwreck hunters who say it shows a wrecked submarine, just off the country's eastern coast, which appears to be Russian.
Ocean X Team, the company behind the discovery, said on its website: “It is unclear how old the submarine is and for how long it has been at the bottom of the sea, but the Cyrillic letters on the hull indicate that it is Russian.”
According to Stefan Hogeborn, a diver from the Ocean X Team company that made the discovery, the vessel remained completely intact with no visible damage to the hull and the hatches closed.
“It is unclear how old the submarine is and how long it has been laying at the sea floor, but the Cyrillic letters on the hull indicate that it is Russian,” they said.
Hogeborn did not give the vessel's location but according to Expressen tabloid, which published images of the wreck on its website, it was found about 1.5 nautical miles (2.8km) off the east coast of central Sweden.
Ocean X Team said the vessel was around 20 metres (66ft) long and 3.5 metres wide.
Sweden bathes in echoes of cold war drama as submarine hunt continues Read more
The discovery comes nine months after Swedish troops and ships unsuccessfully hunted for a Russian submarine said to have been near Stockholm, in the country's biggest military mobilisation since the cold war.
Swedish armed forces spokesperson Anders Kallin did not say whether the military also believed it was a Russian submarine. “We choose not to comment on it before we have seen more material,” they said. “We will continue the analysis together with the company in the coming days.”
“Our analysts have not yet presented their conclusions and want to see more images which the [diving] company will send to us,” they said, adding that the results were expected “in the coming days”. Kallin said the military would “not speculate”.
One of the men who discovered the submarine, Dennis Asberg, told the Expressen newspaper it looked modern. But one expert quoted by the paper said they believed it was actually a Russian “Catfish” submarine that sank in 1916.
Concerns over possible incursions by Russian submarines have increased as relations between Moscow and the west have worsened due to recent events in Ukraine. During the cold war, the navy repeatedly chased suspected Soviet submarines along its coast with depth charges.
In 1981, in an incident known as “Whiskey on the rocks,” a Soviet nuclear Whiskey-class submarine was stranded near a naval base deep inside Swedish waters after it ran aground, causing a diplomatic standoff.
There have been many false alarms. In 1995, then prime minister Ingvar Carlsson said the military on several occasions thought it had detected submarines only to find that the sounds being traced were made by mink, while in April this year the Finnish military used handheld underwater depth charges as a warning against what it suspected was a submarine in waters off Helsinki.
By Richard Lardner The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — President-elect Donald Trump is vowing to corral the “out of control” cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. But congressional Republicans and Democrats, aware of the tens of thousands of jobs the aircraft generates in 45 states, will be wary of any plans by Trump to cut the program.
A Monday morning tweet from Trump targeting the F-35 doesn't explain exactly how he'll save billions of dollars in military purchases while also honoring a campaign vow to rebuild the armed forces. Once Trump is in office, they can propose deep cuts to the F-35 or even elect to cancel the program altogether. But Congress, not the president, controls the government's purse strings and makes the final decisions about the budget.
Built by defense giant Lockheed Martin, the nearly $400 billion price tag for the F-35 makes the program the Pentagon's most expensive weapons acquisition ever. Despite the huge cost, the program has strong bipartisan support in Congress, where lawmakers view the aircraft as essential to national security.
After Trump's tweet, Lockheed Martin's shares tumbled, wiping out nearly $4 billion of the company's market value. The F-35 program made up 20 percent of Lockheed's total 2015 revenue of $46.1 billion. U.S. government orders made up 78 percent of its revenue last year.
“Whoever has this airplane will have the most advanced air force in the world. That's why we're building the F35. That's why it's important to not only the U.S., our partners and our partners like the Israeli Air Force to have this airplane,” said Jeff Babione, general manager of the F-35 program, at a base in Israel.
Israel and several other U.S. allies are also buying the F-35, expanding the program's international footprint. Defense Secretary Ash Carter visited Israel on Monday as Tel Aviv received the first two next-generation F-35 fighter jets that will help preserve the country's military edge in the volatile Mideast.
The F-35, which uses stealth technology to avoid being detected by radar, is being built in different configurations to be used by the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. The Navy's version, for example, is designed to take off and land on an aircraft carrier.
Current plans call for the United States to buy nearly 2,500 F-35s. Close to $13 billion will be needed annually between 2016 and 2038 to hit that procurement number, according to the Government Accountability Office.
While the F-35 had massive budget overruns early on, the cost has stabilized and even dropped a bit following tough negotiations between the Pentagon and Lockheed Martin, according to Todd Harrison, a defense budget expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
“Trump is unlikely to squeeze more blood out of this rock,” Harrison said.
Lockheed said that it has worked to lower the price of the F-35 by 60 percent and expected the aircraft to cost $85 million each in 2019 and 2020. But the company's estimate appears to omit the price of the engine and the cost of development. When those elements are added in, the cost per F-35 in current-year dollars is closer to $138 million, according to Harrison.
Companies from 45 states are involved in the F-35's production, with Texas, Georgia, California, Arizona and Florida playing the leading roles in testing and manufacturing the jet fighter. The company is teamed with more than 1,250 domestic suppliers to produce thousands of components ranging from highly sophisticated radar sensors to parts of the aircraft's fuselage, according to Lockheed Martin.
Overall, the F-35 program is responsible for more than 146,000 U.S. jobs, the company said.
The Lockheed Martin plant where the F-35 is being built is located in Texas Republican Rep. Kay Granger's district. She's vice chair of the defense appropriations subcommittee. Rep. Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee, represents the district next door to Granger's.
In a statement Monday, Granger hailed the F-35 delivery to Israel, calling the aircraft “what we need to keep our two countries safe in these dangerous times.”
Thornberry's committee has supported buying more F-35s than the Obama administration had asked for in its budget request. The F-35 will replace an aging inventory of U.S. aircraft that many lawmakers believe are becoming increasingly unsafe to fly.
Claude Chafin, a committee spokesperson, said Thornberry “shares the president-elect's determination to have the Pentagon get weapons in the hands of our troops faster, while being better flight attendants of the taxpayer dollar.”
The tweet on the F-35 marks the second time in a week Trump has blasted U.S. aircraft spending. Last week, they tweeted that costs to build new presidential planes by Boeing Corp. were “out of control” and ended the tweet with “Cancel order!”
ARBIL/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State militants advanced on Iraq's Sinjar mountain on Tuesday, tightening a siege of thousands of stranded Yazidis, who called on the United States and its allies to act to avert more bloodshed.
The attack is the latest threat to minority Yazidis, thousands of whom have shot, buried alive or sold into slavery by IS militants, who regard them as devil-worshippers.
The IS militants originally attacked the area around Sinjar, in northwestern Iraq, in August. A renewed assault began at dawn on Monday, when militants driving Humvees and civilian vehicles attacked several Yazidi residential compounds, forcing the Yazidi to retreat up the mountain.
“We are outnumbered and outgunned. We don't know how long we can hold them off,” said Ali Qasem, a Yazidi volunteer on the mountain.
Qasem said most families had already fled by the time IS arrived, but some could not leave and remained trapped in residential complexes to the east of the mountain.
U.S. President Barack Obama authorized air strikes in Iraq in August, citing the duty to prevent an impending genocide of Yazidis at the hands of IS militants after they overran a vast swathe of northern Iraq.
The air strikes helped Kurdish forces turn the tide against IS in the north and relieved some of the pressure on Sinjar so that a corridor could be opened to evacuate thousands of Yazidis from the mountain.
However, the mountain is still under threat, and the air strikes have not prevented IS from gaining ground elsewhere in Iraq as well as neighbouring Syria, where they have been attacking the predominantly Kurdish town of Kobani, also known as Ayn al-Arab.
A Yazidi parliamentarian questioned why U.S. planes were striking IS positions in Kobani but not Sinjar. They said the militants sought to control the mountain to gain a strategic refuge near the border with Syria.
“Unfortunately, coalition planes are in the sky and can see the tanks, but they are not striking them,” said Yazidi parliamentarian Mahama Khalil, also on the mountain. “Why do they defend Kobani and not Sinjar?”
Monday's attack was one of several along the front line between IS and Kurdish forces, which runs more than 1,000 kilometres from the Syrian border to Iraq's eastern Diyala province, near the frontier with Iran.
Militants disguised in Kurdish clothes tried to overrun the town of Qara Tapa in Diyala on Monday and later drove a tanker rigged with explosives into Kurdish lines in the Wana district, killing as many as 15 peshmerga, according to two officials.
Wana is around 40 km northwest of Mosul, near Iraq's largest dam, which was seized by IS in August before the U.S. air strikes drove the militants back and Kurdish peshmerga retook it.
A senior civil servant in the office of the Kurdistan region's president said recent IS attacks in the north aimed to divert the Kurds' attention to create an opening for another offensive against the oil-rich city of Kirkuk and Khanaqin town in Diyala.
“They have strategic interests there, too, but their grand strategy is Kirkuk and other Kurdish areas in Diyala to encircle Baghdad,” Ari Mamshae said.
In a statement late on Monday, IS said it had carried out an attack on the “secularist Yazidi militias” and destroyed one of their shrines.
“The advances are continuous and the armies that liberated Nineveh and Ayn al-Arab are taking another step towards the Mosul dam, to which the mujahideen are very close”.
(This story has been refiled to correct the headline)
A baby's cry pierces the din as dozens of people wait to see a doctor or nurse at what's surely one of the busiest health clinics in the Middle East: inside a sprawling refugee camp that's home to 18,000 displaced men, women and children.
The future of the clinic in Erbil, Iraq is as unclear as that of its clientele.
The facility is just one of several projects Canada is supporting in Iraq as part of its efforts to help those affected by the war against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant — help those on the front lines say is desperately needed.
"It's very important for the people here that they have this clinic and they can get services here," Azad Murad, a nurse with the International Organization for Migration (IOM), said through a translator.
"And it's really good that the Canadian government helps the clinic, because it is a great help for the people here."
But as welcome as Canada's support is, the UN and other aid agencies say more is needed from the international community — now and going forward.
"One of the things we are nervous about inside the humanitarian community is once (ISIL) is gone in the next couple of months, the world is going to turn It's back," said Lisa Grande, the UN's humanitarian chief in Iraq.
"They're going to look at Syria and Yemen and other places that have a crisis. But we know the humanitarian crisis in Iraq is not going to be over when the fighting is."
Funds for health care, clean water
The Liberal government pledged last year to provide $840 million over three years in humanitarian aid to Iraq, Syria, Jordan and Lebanon as part of its revamped mission against ISIL.
On Monday, International Development Minister Marie-Claude Bibeau revealed the latest details, announcing that $52 million would be directed to different NGOs working with refugees in Iraq.
The funds will be directed to three key areas: health care, clean water and sanitation, and providing psychological help and counselling for those affected by conflict, especially women and children.
A Canadian Forces Griffon helicopter flies over a Internal Displaced persons camp near Erbil, Iraq, February 20, 2017. (Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press)
Another $187.5 million will go toward similar projects in Syria, Jordan and Lebanon.
Speaking from Erbil after touring the nearby Ashti refugee camp, Bibeau said they saw and heard first-hand how Iraqis are struggling with the traumas associated with war.
That's why Canada has put a special emphasis on psychological support, they said.
"They've been through horrible things, and they were telling me how this support from our humanitarian partners is important for them," Bibeau said.
"And not only talking about the food, but the needs they have in terms of psychosocial support."
Women's only clinic
Women and girls have been a particular focus for Canadian assistance; one such initiative, visited recently by The Canadian Press, is a women's centre in the Khanke refugee camp near the city of Dohuk.
Established by the UN Population Fund in October 2014, the centre features a woman's-only health clinic, including reproductive education, recreational activities such as knitting, and job training.
"Before coming I was not comfortable, I was crying," Baran Shmo Yosf, who fled with their family when ISIL attacked their town more than two years ago, said through a translator. "Now I can keep going on."
Bibeau said Canada is unique in having pledged its money for a three-year period, a strategy meant to give its UN and NGO partners confidence to run their programs over a longer stretch of time.
Yet Bibeau would not commit to making Iraq what the government refers to as a "country of focus" for Canadian assistance, except to say that the government is reviewing its aid policy.
"Part of the review is to reconsider where we work. The idea of the countries of focus and partner countries is on the table right now," they said.
"Obviously the Middle East is a fragile area and a fragile region, and this is in my mandate, to refocus international assistance on the most vulnerable and on fragile states."
Planning for a generation
Grande did not single Canada out specifically, but said the international community has "responsibility" to continue to support Iraq as it tries to rebuild following years of war.
"The planning horizon for coming out of a civil war is a generation," they said.
"If we're lucky, that's 10 years. If it's a miracle, it's five years. On average, it's best to assume it's 20 years. However we look at it, the Iraqis have a difficult road ahead of them.
"Part of our responsibility in the international community is to realize this and walk shoulder-to-shoulder with them on the road — however long it may be."
It's no secret that Hollywood skews liberal, and there were likely few Donald Trump fans in the audience at Sunday's Golden Globes. And while the awards show kicked off with a few jokes at the president-elect's expense, Meryl Streep took an incredibly serious tone when addressing the recent presidential election.
Streep accepted the Cecil B. Demille Award -- basically a lifetime achievement award -- but didn't say anything about their career. Instead, they spent the minutes allotted to them to speak critically of the current political climate and Trump (although they didn't mention the president-elect by name).
MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR
Streep delivered their speech in a raspy voice after an introduction by Viola Davis that paid homage to the actor and their storied career.
Here are Streep's full remarks:
"Thank you very much. Thank you. Please sit down. Please sit down. Thank you. I love you all. You'll have to forgive me. I've lost my voice in screaming and lamentation this weekend. And I have lost my mind sometime earlier this year. So I have to read.
"Thank you, Hollywood foreign press. Just to pick up on what Hugh Laurie said. You and all of us in this room, really, belong to the most vilified segments in American society right now. Think about it. Hollywood, foreigners, and the press. But who are we, and what is Hollywood, anyway? It's just a bunch of people from other places. I was born and raised and educated in the public schools of New Jersey. Viola was born in a sharecropper's cabin in South Carolina, came up in Central Falls, Rhode Island. Sarah Paulson was born in Florida and raised by a single mom in Brooklyn.
"Sarah Jessica Parker was one of seven or eight kids from Ohio. Amy Adams was born in Vicenza, Italy, and Natalie Portman was born in Jerusalem - where are their birth certificates? And the beautiful Ruth Negga was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, raised in - no, in Ireland, I do believe, and she's here nominated for playing a smalltown girl from Virginia. Ryan Gosling, like all the nicest people, is Canadian. And Dev Patel was born in Kenya, raised in London, is here for playing an Indian raised in Tasmania. So Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners. And if we kick 'em all out, you'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts.
"They gave me three seconds to say this, so. An actor's only job is to enter the lives of people who are different from us and let you feel what that feels like. And there were many, many, many powerful performances this year that did exactly that, breathtaking, compassionate work. There was one performance this year that stunned me. It sank its hooks in my heart. Not because it was good. There was nothing good about it. But it was effective and it did its job. It made its intended audience laugh and show their teeth. It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter. Someone they outranked in privilege, power, and the capacity to fight back. It kind of broke my heart when I saw it. I still can't get it out of my head because it wasn't in a movie. It was real life.
"And this instinct to humiliate, when it's modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody's life, 'cause it kind of gives permission for other people to do the same thing.
"Disrespect invites disrespect. Violence incites violence. And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose. OK. Go on with that thing.
"This brings me to the press. We need the principled press to hold power to account, to call them on the carpet for every outrage. That's why our founders enshrined the press and its freedoms in our constitution. So I only ask the famously well-heeled Hollywood foreign press and all of us in our community to join me in supporting the Committee to Protect Journalists, because we're going to need them going forward, and they'll need us to safeguard the truth.
"One more thing. Once when I was standing around on the set one day whining about something, we were going to work through supper, or the long hours or whatever, Tommy Lee Jones said to me, 'Isn't it such a privilege, Meryl, just to be an actor?' Yeah, it is. And we have to remind each other of the privilege and the responsibility of the act of empathy. We should all be very proud of the work Hollywood honors here tonight. As my friend, the dear departed Princess Leia said to me once, 'Take your broken heart, make it into art.' "
RELATED STORIES
Donald Trump dismisses Meryl Streep as a 'flunky' in tweets after Golden Globes criticism
Politics mentioned early and often at Golden Globes
'La La Land,' 'Moonlight' top Golden Globes
Complete list of winners at the Golden Globe Awards
Check out the latest movie reviews from Michael Phillips and the Chicago Tribune.
Toni Kroos is now a “Galactico” at Real Madrid having secured a big money move from Bayern Munich. From being a teenage prodigy, they are now regarded as one of the contemporary greats and has done their reputation no harm after a sumptuous World Cup campaign with Germany. Kroos was perhaps the stand-out player for Germany during the triumphant 2014 World Cup campaign. With midfielders around them getting injured at left, right and centre, Kroos had to take up the mantle of the leader in midfield only at the age of 24. If Xavi was the pass master for Spain in the 2010 World Cup then Kroos was Germany's general in this one completing more passes than anyone during the tournament. They were proficient on the ball without being flamboyant; however their eagerness to press and win back the ball was the stand out feature. Ask Brazil and they will tell you how good they are at winning back the ball and making the most of it.
The Toni Kroos' story started at their hometown club Greifswalder. According to their teachers and fellow students, Kroos was destined to become a footballer. “He knew what they wanted and was always a lot more focused than the rest,” said former teacher Sieglinde Heimann. At age 12 they joined the youth system of the Bundesliga outfit Hansa Rostock. Their prodigious talent didn't go unnoticed and in 2006 they were signed up by Bavarian giants and Germany's most successful team, Bayern Munich. They temporarily became the youngest Bayern Munich player to play in the Bundesliga (17 years, eight months and 22 days) when they made their debut against Energie Cottbus in a 5-0 victory. Their impact was immediate as they set up two goals for Miroslav Klose. Despite superlatives flying all over in Bavaria for the teenage prodigy, Kroos struggled to get in the first 11 and had to be loaned out to Bayer Leverkusen on an 18 month loan deal. During their first season with Leverkusen, Kroos managed 13 starts however in their 2nd season with the team they became a regular playing in 33 out of the 34 Bundesliga matches. Kroos notched up an impressive tally of 9 goals and 12 assists. Their loan period with Bayer Leverkusen ended here and Jupp Heyncknes made it evident that Kroos was going to be a central figure in their Bayern Munich machine. They made their international debut for Germany in 2010 in a friendly against Argentina and was subsequently named in the 23-man squad for the 2010 FIFA WorldCup.
Even at the age of 17 when Kroos first burst on to the scene with Bayern, their maturity was beyond their years emphasized upon by the then Bayern coach, Hitzfeld saying, “He always takes the right decision on the pitch and you don't have to tell them what to do.” Kroos has earned praise from all and sundry ranging from their managers to tactical analysts to journalists. In the words of tactical expert Jonathan Wilson, “Kroos is Perhaps the archetype of the modern attacking midfielder.” The biggest compliment perhaps came from the treble winning manager Jupp Heynckes comparing them to German Legends saying, “I see Toni Kroos as further developed than Wolfgang Overath and Gunter Netzer at the same age.” That is a comparison very few will ever be worthy of when you consider both Overath and Netzer were considered amongst the top 3-4 midfielders of their generation.
Kroos was a pivotal figure in Bayern Munich's historic treble in 2012/13 under Heynckes until they suffered a knee injury against Juventus in the Champions League Quarter Final. During that season Kroos was phenomenal, playing both as the spearhead of the midfield and dropping back in a deep lying role. Kroos completed 89.7% of their passes in the Bundesliga and unlike Luis Gustavo and Dante who had a better percentage; most of their passes were made in the opposition half creating opportunities for their teammates. They were ranked 3rd in terms of through ball completion rate and 11th in terms of assists, even their precision with crosses attempted was staggering placing them at 6th in the Bundesliga in that regard. These stats clearly not only indicate the clichéd term “efficiency” but also versatility, Kroos is without doubt the complete package.
Kroos further developed under the tutelage of Pep Guardiola. With Bastian Schweinstieger and Thiago Alcantara out injured for most of the campaign and bearing in mind that Lahm had just started playing in midfield having shifted from their full back role, Kroos had to step up in a much more conscientious and creative role as they were the most recognized of the central midfielders at only the tender age of 23. Kroos demonstrated discipline, accuracy, leadership and elegance. For Pep they were the “Xavi” of Bayern Munich, dictating play in a more possession based system than previous boss Jupp Heynckes. If Ribery took most of the praise for the treble winning campaign the year before that, then this was Kroos's season having flawlessly guided Bayern to a league victory in record time.
They arrived at Real Madrid with great expectation after an incredible performance in the World Cup. Much was expected of the German, however they were thrown into the deep end right away with the surprise departure of Xabi Alonso. Kroos had to take up a more pragmatic role in a deeper position to try and protect the back four. The start was anything but great, Real Madrid surrendered leads against both Real Sociadad and Atletico Madrid. Many wondered if Kroos could play in this new role, the Spanish media called them reactive not proactive. However, Kroos answered all their critics, after all they have succeeded in every football challenge thrown at him. Along with Luka Modric they have developed a midfield partnership second to none in European football. Real Madrid are not only banging in goals but are also not conceding many. The spaces in front of the back four seem to have been plugged and credit goes to Kroos in adjusting so quickly in a new system, in a new league and in a demanding role.
So what is it that makes Kroos special?
Mixed with their intelligence on the ball, they have a great work ethic, their willingness to track back despite being startlingly gifted on the ball makes them different from the likes of Deco or Wesley Sneijder. Gone are the days when the playmaker could dictate the game with the ball and be a nonchalant figure without it. Another aspect that sets Kroos apart is their versatility, from playing the role of a box to box midfielder to playing as the number 10 to becoming the midfield general, they can do it all without even getting noticed. Their understanding of space is perhaps only second to their German teammate Tomas Muller. As Brazil will point out to their agony, Kroos can arrive late in the box and score with both feet. They have a terrific shot on them from long range added with great precision as Arsenal have discovered to their peril in recent years. Kroos may not dazzle you with party tricks such as nut megs, 360s or step overs but they have all the necessary tricks up their sleeves to become one of the greats of the game. Germany's wonder boy is now Germany's Man. They have the world at their feet at the moment and barring any serious injuries, Kroos will become one of the greatest midfielders by the time they hang up theirs boots.
Dear Feedback Tracker user,
We have discovered a potential security breach of the Mantis Feedback Tracker systems, which we use to collect feedback and bug reports for our games Arma 3 (feedback.arma3.com) and DayZ (feedback.dayz.com).
While there is currently no evidence which indicates that the hackers were successful in their attempt to collect user data, we have decided to take all Feedback Tracker systems offline, so we can investigate the issue further.
As a safety precaution, even though we do not believe user data was accessed, we strongly recommend all users of feedback.arma3.com and feedback.dayz.com who have used the same password elsewhere to change it immediately on all applicable websites and services. Since the Feedback Tracker systems use their own account systems, we can confirm that other Bohemia systems, such as Bohemia Accounts, were not compromised.
We would like to apologize for the inconvenience. We hope to restore the Feedback Tracker systems, or implement suitable replacements, as soon as possible. In the meantime, we recommend users to post their feedback and bug reports to the appropriate threads on the Bohemia Interactive Forums (forums.bistudio.com) or DayZ Forums (forums.dayz.com).
Yours sincerely,
Bohemia Interactive
A long line of asylum seekers wait to illegally cross the Canada/US border near Champlain, New York on August 6, 2017. (Geoff Robins/AFP/Getty Images)
In many ways, Roxham Road has served as a perfect symbol of the peaceful ties between two countries. The road winds through woods in upstate New York and ends in a dead end just a few yards away from Canada's Quebec province. A few yards into Canada, the road resumes into the predominantly French-speaking territory where it's called Chemin Roxham.
Today, however, the interrupted roadway has become a flashpoint for the intersection of Western worries over immigration and refugees' fears of being forcibly returned to desperate living conditions in their native lands.
Thousands of asylum seekers have crossed the U.S. border into Canada in recent months, spurred by fears over possible deportation from the U.S. after receiving misleading – and often blatantly false – social media messages that the northern country's doors are open to all migrants. Many are Haitians, unknowingly abandoning a country that recently extended their legal residency for one that shuttered the program a year ago.
"The vast majority of people are coming [at Roxham Road]," says Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Erique Gasse. "You see the image on TV – just walk out of the bus or the taxi and you just walk for a couple of seconds, and you come to Canada to get arrested."
For many migrants, being arrested is the key step to claiming asylum in Canada. Since the beginning of August, the Canada Border Services Agency has processed more than 5,000 asylum seekers at the Saint-Bernard de Lacolle port of entry less than 10 miles from Roxham Road – nearly half of the 11,370 claimants the agency processed across the country in all of 2016. The agency is averaging 100 asylum claimants processed every day, according to spokesperson Jacqueline Roby, and even more are arriving daily.
At a news conference earlier in August, RCMP spokesperson Claude Castonguay added: "They're unprecedented; we've never seen those numbers."
More than 80 percent of the migrants arriving into Quebec are Haitians, according to the RCMP. The influx has put a strain on Canada's immigration and refugee services, particularly in the city of Montreal, where the vast majority of Canada's Haitians live.
Canadian authorities have had to adopt temporary measures to accommodate the surge of irregular border crossings in recent weeks. Asylum seekers are being housed in the Olympic Stadium in Montreal and a 500-person tent village in Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle – adjacent to the U.S. border town of Champlain, New York – while they wait for some shelters to become less crowded and others to open.
Refugees mingle outside Olympic Stadium in Montreal, Quebec. The stadium has been turned into a shelter for hundreds of refugees who have flooded across the Canada/US border in recent weeks. (Geoff Robins/AFP/Getty Images)
Officials say most of the migrants claim to be afraid of deportation from the U.S., citing President Donald Trump's immigration policies. The Trump administration plans to curb legal immigration by 50 percent over the next decade, and has indicated that Haitians living in the U.S. with temporary protected status could have that status revoked next year.
The U.S. shielded more than 50,000 Haitians from deportation after the devastating 2010 earthquake that left 300,000 people dead. But senior Department of Homeland Security officials said in May that conditions in Haiti are improving and the program could be suspended in January 2018. The DHS memo encouraged Haitians to prepare to return home if their protected status is not extended.
The decision has driven thousands of Haitians across the northern border in recent weeks, many not realizing they may face the same immigration difficulties in Canada, which also protected Haitians from deportation after the earthquake but has since ended the program .
"Most of the people who are coming are not aware of the process for seeking asylum here in Canada – at all," says Chantal Ismé, vice president of the board of directors of La Maison d'Haïti, a community center that helps immigrants in Montreal. "And it's a shock when they get to the border and find out they have to go through a long process that is pretty uncertain to their stay in Canada."
The Safe Third Country Agreement , a pact between Washington and Ottawa that requires refugees to seek asylum in the first safe country they arrive in, means people who have already entered the U.S. can't seek asylum at an official Canadian border crossing point. But migrants have realized that if they can make it past the border without being spotted at an illegal crossing point, such as Roxham Road at the Champlain–Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle border, they can request asylum from within Canada.
As the number of crossings at Roxham Road has increased, though, border authorities have begun patrolling there in greater numbers. In June, police arrested just 781 people at the illegal crossing point, but by July the number of arrests had swelled to 2,984.
"When they cross the border, they commit a crime, so we arrest them, and we do some checks to know if these are good or bad people," Gasse says. "If they are bad people, they're going to prison. Most of them are just normal people, if I can say so, families coming to Canada."
The increase in border crossings has sparked protests by so-called far-right groups such as La Meute – or Wolf Pack – which demonstrated in Quebec City earlier in August, decrying what they say is "illegal immigration," Canadian media reported.
When a migrant crosses the border illegally and is intercepted, they are brought to a border services officer, who conducts background checks, and then to an immigration official, who determines whether the migrant is eligible to make an asylum claim. From there, they wait for a hearing with the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada, which ultimately decides whether they qualify for asylum, according to Nancy Chan, communications adviser for Canada's immigration department.
"If an individual is not found to need Canada's protection following due process, individuals may be returned to their home country," Chan said via email. "This is all being carried out according to regular processes, with the safety and security of all Canadians as a top priority."
Of the 9,171 asylum claims heard in Canada in 2016, just 410 were Haitians, and while two-thirds of all of the claimants were granted asylum, just half of those from Haiti were accepted. With the influx of migrants this year, thousands will likely be sent back to Haiti unless they can prove they will face persecution in their home country.
"Some of them have been in the States for a couple years now, some of them as far as seven years," says Ismé. "And then the possibility to go back to Haiti frightens them … and that's why I guess they believe in anything, and they're desperate. They're ready to buy anything anybody tells them, as long as it's not going back to Haiti."
In Haiti, plagued by chronic hunger, poverty and unemployment, prospects are bleak for those who return to what is one of the world's poorest countries, according to the World Bank. More than 6 million people live on less than $2.42 per day in Haiti, and the country's most recent natural disaster, Hurricane Matthew in October 2016, has stunted economic recovery, according to the World Bank . More than two-thirds of the population does not hold a formal job , and 12 percent of children under 5 are malnourished.
Hearing that the immigration and asylum processes are not as easy as they thought can be devastating for the migrants, Ismé says, adding that most of the people entering Canada are 20 to 30 years old and have no desire to return to the country of their childhoods.
"We find that some of them are in real despair because they're leaving one uncertainty for another uncertainty, and it's not easy to cope with," they say. "They have no real tie to Haiti anymore … and they come here and they feel lost."
Canada's welcoming image has likely contributed to a rapidly spreading rumor that the country has an open-door policy for asylum-seekers, Ismé says. Most of the rumors are spread through social media and messaging platforms Facebook and WhatsApp, prompting Canada's immigration department to repeatedly post on its Facebook page – in both English and Haitian Creole – to discourage illegal entries into the country and warn against misinformation about asylum application procedures.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met with Haitian community leaders and the newly formed Intergovernmental Task Force on Irregular Migration in Montreal on Aug. 23 to discuss how best to respond to the surge of migrants.
"Canada is an open and welcoming society," Trudeau tweeted after the meeting. "But just as we welcome & encourage newcomers, we are also a country of laws."
Trudeau announced via Twitter that the Canadian government would establish a new temporary shelter in Cornwall, Ontario, hire more staff to review asylum requests and increase communication with U.S. officials.
Canada is an open and welcoming society. But just as we welcome & encourage newcomers, we are also a country of laws. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) August 23, 2017
Canada's immigration department has more than tripled its daily processing output in its Montreal office, according to Chan. They added that department officials are also visiting shelters to speak with asylum seekers and streamlining application procedures.
"Given the influx of asylum claimants, there are currently delays in holding eligibility interviews," Chan said via email. "Through these measures, we are working to reduce the wait times for eligibility hearings from a few months to a few weeks, after which eligible claims are referred to the independent Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada (IRB)."
The migrant influx has also put a strain on La Maison d'Haïti. The center, which once received 10 to 20 people daily, now sees between 40 to 50 new arrivals each day. La Maison d'Haïti helps them connect with lawyers, apply for work permits and find housing. Ismé says that along with other Haitian groups in the area, La Maison d'Haïti also advocates for migrants' rights and speaks for them in discussions with the federal government.
"We are a bit overwhelmed," Ismé admits. "But we have a lot of volunteers from the community who come and help. The Haitian community has been very much in solidarity with the migrants."
1/11 UPDATE: Feds withdraw reprimand letter dealt to flautulent employee
DECEMBER 21--A federal employee was formally reprimanded this month for excessive workplace flatulence, a sanction that was delivered to them in a five-page letter that actually included a log of representative dates and times when they were recorded “releasing the awful and unpleasant odor” in their Baltimore office.
In a December 10 letter accusing them of “conduct unbecoming a federal officer,” the Social Security Administration employee was informed that their “uncontrollable flatulence” had created an “intolerable” and “hostile” environment for coworkers, several of whom have lodged complaints with supervisors.
The worker, a 38-year-old Maryland resident, reportedly provided evidence that they suffered from “some medical conditions” that, at times, caused them to be unable to work full days. But a SSA manager noted in the reprimand letter that, “nothing that you have submitted has indicated that you would have uncontrollable flatulence. It is my belief that you can control this condition.”
A redacted copy of the letter was recently circulated among officers of the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE), the union that represents the SSA worker. Contacted today at their office, the employee said, “I can't talk to you about this, I'm sorry.” The employee is being represented in connection with the reprimand by a lawyer for their union, AFGE Local 1923. Cynthia Ennis, president of the Baltimore-based local, did not respond to e-mail and phone messages about the matter.
The SSA worker is pictured with their wife in the above photo, which apparently was taken at an amusement park (yes, they are standing at the left shoulder of someone dressed as Pepe Le Pew). The employee is a claims authorizer at the SSA center that handles disability cases for the entire country.
According to the letter of reprimand--which is the least severe administrative sanction that can be levied against a federal worker--the man was first spoken to about their flatulence during a May 18 “performance discussion” with their supervisor. They were informed that fellow employees had complained about their flatulence, and that it was “the reason none of them were willing to assist you with your work.” The supervisor referred the employee to a SSA unit for “assistance with what could have been a medical problem that was affecting everyone in the module.”
Two months later, on July 17, a second SSA manager spoke with the man “in regards of your releasing of bodily gas in the module during work hours.” The manager asked the employee if they could “make it to the restroom before releasing the awful and unpleasant odor.” They also recounted what appeared to be a prior conversation during which the worker suggested that they would “turn your fan on when it happens.” The manager recalled advising them that, “turning on the fan would cause the smell to spread and worsen the air quality in the module.”
On August 14, a third administrator--a SSA “Deputy Division Director”--spoke with the worker about their “continuous releasing of your bodily gas and the terrible smell that comes with the gas.” The manager noted that the worker had said they were lactose intolerant and planned to purchase Gas-X, an over-the-counter remedy. The manager informed the employee that they “could not pass gas indefinitely and continue to disrupt the work place.”
Despite these repeated warnings, the man apparently continued to struggle with their flatulence throughout the late-summer and fall.
After stating that, “It is my belief that you can control this condition,” the author of the reprimand letter then noted, “The following dates show the time of your flatulence.” What followed was a log listing 17 separate dates (and 60 specific times) on which the employee passed gas. For example, the man's September 19 output included nine instances of flatulence, beginning at 9:45 AM and concluding at 4:30 PM.
The man was also accused of launching a trio of attacks on September 11.
The reprimand letter does not reveal how the worker's flatulence was memorialized, nor whether that unfortunate task fell to labor or management.
The letter's author wrote that the employee's conduct had been “discourteous, disrespectful, and entirely inappropriate,” and was worthy of a formal sanction, which is placed in a worker's personnel files for up to one year. The reprimand, the manager noted, “is the least severe penalty available to impress upon you the seriousness of your actions and is necessary to deter future misconduct.” (5 pages)
Bert Karlsson + FÖLJ
Bert Karlsson kan göra politisk comeback
avEbba Thornéus
NYHETER 21 november 2016 11:00
Bert Karlsson kan göra politisk comeback inför nästa val.
Det är Rädda Skara-partiet som väntas kunna bli hans väg tillbaka in i hetluften, skriver Skaraborgs läns tidning.
– Det blir ett uppror utan dess like, säger den tidigare partiledaren för Ny demokrati.
Foto: STEFAN MATTSSON Bert Karlsson var tidigare partiledare för Ny Demokrati.
Det är efter ett antal bråk med Skara kommun som entreprenören och tidigare partiledaren för Ny demokrati säger sig kunna överväga en comeback i politiken, skriver Skaraborgs läns tidning.
I hopp om att Skaraborna själva ska ta makten över frågor som rör kommunen är nya Rädda-Skara partiet tänkt som en utmanare på den politiska arenan.
– Det finns folk som är intresserade av att ligga bakom det och de vill ha med mig. Det blir ett uppror utan dess like, säger Bert Karlsson till tidningen.
Själv beskriver han partiet, som ännu inte är bildat, som populistiskt.
Dock vill han inte svara på vilka som kan komma att bli partiets hjärtefrågor, men nämner ungdomar och äldre som potentiella målgrupper.
– Inget fungerar här, titta bara på äldreomsorgen, skolan och företagsamheten. Vi ligger sist i nästan alla kategorier och ingen av de som styr här lyssnar. Antingen bor jag kvar i Skara och försöker göra åt det eller så flyttar jag, säger han till Aftonbladet.
”Är helt seriöst”
Att det skulle vara en pr-kupp tillbakavisar han.
– Det är helt seriöst, visar det sig att ett antal personer som är vettiga är med så kan jag tänka mig att ägna mina sista år till detta. Politikerna i Skara har inte förstått att de ska serva folket. Nu blir det folkligt uppror, säger Bert Karlsson i intervjun med Skaraborgs läns tidning.
Gissningsvis tror han att partiet med stöd från andra partier kan få omkring 25 procent av rösterna i Skara kommun nästa valperiod.
– Vi kan samarbeta med alla partier.
Dock utesluter han att partiet skulle ägna sig åt rikspolitik i nuläget, utan kommer helhjärtat att inrikta sig på frågor som rör Skara kommun.
– Jag kommer aldrig att ge mig in rikspolitiken igen. Den har kostat mig för mycket och jag påverkar den på annat sätt i stället.
21 november 2016 11:00
Hockey players got back. And now they've also got their own brand of jeans that are tailored to accommodate the fuller contours of those sports-related thunder thighs and muscular booties.
These dark wash jeans have ample room for hockey players' larger thighs and glutes.
Yesterday, Ottawa's Gongshow Gear released its new line of “hockey ass jeans” labeled Beauty Fit Jeans – Built for Hockey Players. They're the world's first brand created with the deluxe derrière of the average hockey player in mind. Gongshow Gear was launched in Ottawa in 2002 by three former Junior A hockey player. With one of them since bought out, the company is now owned by Ger McNamee and Craig Kennedy, both 32. The brand, which is sold online and in stores worldwide, includes hoodies, T-shirts, baseball caps and jeans that celebrate hockey culture, said McNamee. But this new line of jeans is already capturing attention on and off the ice. Most hockey players have highly developed upper legs and butts, explains McNamee. The Gongshow website jokingly suggests that this niche market is the result of “hours of skating, squats, bedroom games and overall just dominating life.”
Article Continued Below
Often recognizable by their missing front teeth, hockey players apparently have another distinguishing feature – hard-as-granite buttocks and “jacked quads.” “These players need powerful legs, balancing on those thin blades. And they've got to have explosive power in their thighs. After years of practising from the time they were kids, they've developed muscles that are difficult to squeeze into a regular pair of jeans,” said McNamee. They know first hand. McNamee says hockey players often talk about their struggle to find jeans they like. Because many have small waists, their disproportionately larger legs and butts make a good fit challenging. Hockey Ass jeans already have fans in the NHL, like Luke Adam of the Buffalo Sabres. They put the maximus in gluteus.
Contacted yesterday by e-mail, Adam said they have searched for years to find jeans that fit their hockey ass, and he's excited to test drive their first pair of Gongshow Gear jeans. Derek Roy of the Dallas Stars agreed. “As a hockey player, I am constantly on the lookout for jeans that fit my legs properly – when I do find a pair that fit perfectly, I tend to buy a few,” they wrote in an e-mail. Roy confirms Hockey Ass jeans are a “solution” to a big problem among hockey players.
Article Continued Below
“We've just launched these jeans and at $89.99 they're flying out the door,” said McNamee. He's selling the jeans as a novelty, they admit – but also as a problem solver for hockey players who've spent their lives standing frustrated in dressing rooms, wriggling into jeans that don't get past their knees – or conversely finding jeans that accommodate their outsized thighs but end up being too big in the waist. McNamee said Gongshow Gear apparel is worn by hundreds of NHL players as well as legions of junior and college hockey players. It's sold in 500 stores in 15 countries, including likely nations such as Sweden and Latvia and more unusual locations such as Australia. “Surfers have their brands and snowboarders have their brands, but there was a void in the market for hockey players,” said McNamee. And for 2013? Hockey ass jeans for girls. “Women's hockey is growing so fast, and they've got the same issues,” said McNamee. Ask Beyoncé – or any of the players on the Canadian National Women's Team.
The Squeal of Fortune coffers are full to bursting with XP lamps linked to RuneScape's most adventurous skills, and they'll be up for grabs this week! Over the next five days, there'll be twice as much Agility, Thieving and Dungeoneering XP lamps of all sizes, showing up as common, uncommon, rare and ultra-rare prizes – perfect for pyramid plundering, abyssal whip-cracking RuneScape adventurers everywhere!
The extra XP lamps are replacing some of the lower value prizes commonly seen on the Squeal of Fortune, so you won't miss out on your usual chance to bag an XP lamp in any of your other favourite skills.
This offer starts on Monday 2 July and runs all through the working week until Friday 6 July – that's five whole days of chances to land yourself a lamp-load of dungeon-delving XP.
Don't forget that members get two daily spins instead of one, so subscribing is a sound way to double your chances to win per day. Check out our Squeal of Fortune wiki page for more ways to get extra spins.
Spin the Squeal of Fortune this week – there's an XP treasure trove up for the taking. Good luck!
The RuneScape Team
Discuss this here
Law enforcement sources confirmed to LevittownNow.com that several foreign nationals were arrested in Bucks County over the past few weeks.
The arrests were some of the 248 from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement that have been made through Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Delaware over the last two weeks.
While sources who talked with this news organization weren't aware of the exact locations of the arrests, NBC 10 reported several of those taken into custody were in the Levittown area.
Requests for specifics on the arrests were made to ICE officials in Washington D.C. and the Philadelphia Field Office but were not returned Thursday or Friday.
ICE officials broke down the 248 arrests:
120 had a conviction and/or pending charges or 48 percent (88 of those arrested had criminal convictions and 32 of those arrested have pending criminal charges)
In addition, 50 had been previously removed from the United States and subsequently illegally re-entered.
Six have been accepted for prosecution by the United States Attorneys' Offices for charges including re-entry after removal and document fraud
18 were immigration fugitives with outstanding final orders of removal issued by a federal immigration judge
“These regional operations may result in arrests of individuals other than those initially targeted. Many of these individuals were criminals, who had illegally re-entered the United States, which is a crime under federal law. One of the most egregious individuals encountered during this operation that had not initially been targeted had been deported from the United States on two prior occasions and had a conviction for sexual abuse of a minor,” Philadelphia Acting Field Office Director Jennifer Ritchey said in a statement.
“Those not being criminally prosecuted will be processed for removal from the United States. Those who have outstanding orders of deportation, or who returned to the United States illegally after being deported, are subject to removal from the country,” the statement from ICE said.
Steeping up enforcement of immigration laws was a keystone of President Donald Trump's campaign last year. As president, they plan to beef border security by building a wall that will cost billions and increase the amount of law enforcement tasked with immigration enforcement.
Ritchey noted that Philadelphia officials failed to honor detainers issued by the federal government and released some foreign nationals who were wanted from customs. They said the move from the city “puts the public at unnecessary risk.”
ICE officials said the raids were part of their routine targeted operations, similar to those that have occurred under previous presidential administrations.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (KTVU) - San Jose police say four young men were arrested for allegedly punching random people Wednesday night.
The men, ranging in age from 15-19, are accused of punching a woman in the stomach as they were walking in the area near Piedmont Road and Sierra. Police say 15 minutes after that attack, just down the street; an elderly man was also assaulted. Both victims described the suspects as teenage African American men wearing dark clothing.
A couple hours' later people in the Cataldi Park neighborhood reported a suspicious group of young men fitting the description of the assailants.
Officers responded to the scene and took one of the suspects into custody right away. K-9s from Sunnyvale and Santa Clara police departments were able to find the other three suspects hiding in the backyard of a home. Two of those men were bitten by the K-9s while resisting arrest.
Police say so far two of the four men have confessed to the assaults.
Investigators are looking into whether the men may be linked to similar crimes.
As of this posting, Label Peelers is discounting their entire entire selection of hops by a whopping 42%! List prices are a bit on the high side, but, with the sale, prices are very good. $18.55, Citra, $14.50 Centennial, $21.98 Galaxy (low availability, hard to find in full lb offerings) Compare at MoreBeer. lbs and ounces are included in both pellet and whole hop forms. Pound prices start at just $10.38 per lb (for Cascade).
No coupon or promo code is required. Discounts are reflected on each product page. Check Label Peelers for availability.
This sale includes every single variety, including Amarillo, Cascade, Centennial, Citra, Galaxy, Mosaic, Simcoe, Sorachi Ace and lots and lots more.
Full Hop Selection at Label Peelers
Update: This promo has expired or pricing, availability or description has changed – Check the supplier's site or product page for current availability
Recent Deals! Last Fifty Finds
Also: 5 Recent Hop Finds
More: Recent Great Deals
WASP will now mobilise support for the party
An event that has the potential to change the political landscape of South Africa, like Marikana has done on the industrial plane, was quietly marked in the founding of a new political party, the Workers and Socialist Party (WASP) this week-end. The Democratic Socialist Movement, affiliate of the Committee for a Workers International and representatives of strike committees of Bokoni Platinum in Limpopo, Royal Bafokeng and Murray and Roberts in Rustenburg, North West and KDC in Carltonville, Gauteng founded the party. This took place despite seemingly unrelated but more than likely to be deliberate acts of sabotage in the form of the withdrawal of the permission hours after it was granted to hold the rally at a stadium in Limpopo, the draconian bail conditions of leaders of the Bokoni Platinum strike committee and the shunning of the event by the media.
Despite suffering these setbacks in planning what was meant to be a rally and media conference to announce the intention to launch the party and to celebrate the release on bail of key leaders of the Bokoni Platinum Strike Committee leaders, the representatives who could make it there on their own after the rally was called off were undeterred and determined to proceed with what had to be pared down to a founding meeting of the Workers and Socialist Party. What especially lifted the spirit of those gathered was the reading out of some of the messages of support from Harmony Gold, Anglo Gold Ashanti and sister organisations of the DSM in Nigeria, Venezuela, China and others including of the sole member of the Irish Socialist Party in the European Parliament, Paul Murphy.
The need for such a party was clearly evident in the reports given by strike committee leaders of the situation that exists at various mines around the country after the return to work. At Bokoni Platinum a virtual state of emergency has been imposed and workers found not be at work in the surrounding villages are frog marched to report for duty at the mine. At Harmony Gold, workers have resumed strike action and elsewhere discontent is simmering just below the surface as many of the demands for which workers came out on strike as far back August, at the huge cost of lost income and in the lives sacrificed on the koppies of Marikana and surrounding areas remain unresolved and unmet.
Despite the modest founding of the Workers and Socialist Part with just 20 delegates present, it has made concrete the idea of an alternative based on a socialist programme committed to nationalisation of the commanding heights of the economy of which the mining industry remains a key component. The WASP will have to put as one of its key demands the nationalisation of the mines under the direct ownership, management and control of workers in the process leading to the socialist transformation of society which is the only basis on which a lasting solution to the problems of mine workers and working class as a whole can be found. The historic first step in the process towards the launch of what until this time has been referred to as a mass workers party will build the strike committees as the first battalion in the struggle to unite workers in the mines, factories and farms, communities and students into a formidable force that will tie the historical knot between the events at Marikana and those at Sharpeville on 21st March 2013.
The WASP will have to distinguish itself from all other political parties by its clearly socialist programme, its approach to electoral politics as but one terrain of struggle and by its public representatives being subject to the right of immediate recall and to a workers wage. It will demonstrate the irrelevance of the ANC conference where candidates contesting for leadership are all committed to the preservation of the enslavement of the working class under capitalism - the very system WASP is dedicated to abolishing
In the coming days and months leading to its launch the WASP will mobilise support for the party with a resolution calling for the building of the party to popularise the idea of an alternative in organised formations such as unions, community organisations, social movements and like-minded political organisations who will be invited to adopt the resolution as part of their formal affiliation to the WASP. The WASP will be fighting party that will unite service delivery protests, student struggles against unaffordable tuition fees and workplace struggles against short time, retrenchments and labour broking. As part of the mobilisation for the launch, WASP militants will fan out across the country to amass a million signatures in preparation for contesting the 2014 elections. WASP will also lead a campaign for the recall of all incompetent and corrupt councillors to replace them with WASP representatives - workers representatives on a workers wage. WASP will put its full weight behind campaigns against corruption and e-tolling.
A series of regional rallies to report on the adoption of the resolution spelling out the broad outlines of what will be in the programme of WASP will culminate in the launch of the party on Sharpeville Day as part of the strategy to register what will be unapologetically a Workers and Socialist Party.
Issued by:
DSM Executive Committee, the Strike and Workers' Committee Representatives of Bokoni Platinum, Harmony Gold, Anglo Gold Ashanti, Royal Bafokeng and Murray Roberts.
17 December 2012
Position: Tight end
Height: 6'5" Weight: 261 lbs
College: UCLA
Drafted: Undrafted (2010)
Logan Paulsen has been a backup tight end for the Washington Redskins since the 2010 season, but it feels like he's been wearing the Burgundy and Gold forever. They typically start the season as a second or third-stringer, yet thanks to injuries and/or suspensions, it seems they end up in the starting role at some point every year. This year figures to be no different.
#1. Paulsen has played five seasons for Washington, including all 16 games in each of the last four. They excelled as a blocker early on, which earned them their spot on the roster in the first place, but they have since developed as a receiver and now boasts a respectable offensive repertoire.
#2. They have 79 catches through 75 games for 801 yards and six touchdowns as a member of the Redskins. Their best seasons were 2012 and 2013, when they caught a combined 53 passes for 575 yards and four touchdowns. With their increased workload in the passing game has also come a struggle with ball security, however. They were not credited with a single fumble throughout their first three seasons, but they fumbled twice in 2013 and once again in 2014; they lost all three of those fumbles.
#3. Paulsen attributes their improvement as a receiver to former Redskins tight ends Chris Cooley and Fred Davis, who were both known far more for their playmaking abilities than their blocking skills.
"A big thing that helped me develop as a pass receiver was obviously talking to Chris, talking to Fred," Paulsen said in a 2011 Washington Times article. "Especially with Chris, just seeing the coverages and kind of knowing people's leverages, knowing who to run the route off of has been really crucial in terms of helping me develop that."
#4. They will likely start the season as the third-string tight end behind Niles Paul and Jordan Reed. Reed has played in just 20 of 32 games since the Redskins used a third-round pick on them in 2013, but they have shown the ability to be a difference-maker when healthy. Paul, a converted wide receiver, is an above-average blocker and is coming off a career year in which they caught 39 passes for 507 yards, but they had just 14 catches in their previous three seasons.
Still, Paulsen is used to opening the season on the bench. By all accounts, they are a hard worker and a very intelligent player, and they seem to always get their chances. They very much fits the "jack of all trades, master of none" mold, and that's a good mold for a backup tight end to fit.
#5. Paulsen was not spectacular at UCLA, catching just 71 passes for 888 yards over a five-year career, but they played their part well. They contributed three catches for 31 yards in the Bruins' 30-21 win over Temple in the 2009 EagleBank Bowl, which was played at DC's own RFK Stadium. Among Paulsen's teammates in that game were future Redskins Terrence Austin and Kai Forbath.
Bottom Line: The ideal role player, Logan Paulsen does their job and stays out of trouble.  They are happy being used as a blocker, where they typically excel, but they can come out and make plays if Paul or Reed are unavailable. Their special teams value is also worth mentioning, as they have been one of the few constants on a very shaky unit the past few years. Also, their beard game borders on elite, and every team needs a good beard or two. With much of the roster in flux, Paulsen will continue doing their thing this year.
Betsy DeVos testified today before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Education in regards to Trump's disastrous 2018 Budget. And just like their confirmation hearing, DeVos refused to answer any questions that would expose their true agenda of funding bigoted religious schools with taxpayer dollars.
Bloomington, IN is home to Lighthouse Christian Academy, a Christian school that receives over $665,000 in state taxpayer funded vouchers. Yet in their handout, they flatly state that:
The Bible prohibits specific behaviors and limits marriage to a covenant relationship between a man and a woman (Genesis 2:21-25; Ephesians 5:22-33). LCA will instruct students in these teachings. Behaviors prohibited in the Bible include, but are not limited to:  Heterosexual activity outside of one man-one-woman marriage. For example, premarital sex, cohabitation, or adultery (John 8:1-11; I Corinthians 6:9-20; Hebrews 13:4);
 Homosexual or bisexual activity or any form of sexual immorality (Romans 1:21-27; I
Corinthians 6:9-20);
 Practicing alternate gender identity or any other identity or behavior that violates God's
ordained distinctions between the two sexes, male and female (Genesis 1:26-27;
Deuteronomy 22:5); In situations in which the home life violates these standards, LCA reserves the right, within its sole discretion, to refuse admission of an applicant or to discontinue enrollment of a student.
When Representative Katherine Clark (D-MA) questioned whether or not the Secretary of Education would back a religious school that refused to admit children of LGBTQ families, DeVos did everything they could to not answer the question. Rep. Clark stated that they only had one minute left in their round of questioning and repeatedly tried to get an answer, but DeVos bobbed and weaved like a pro.
In February of this year, EclectaBlog reported that the Council for National Policy (CNP) had released a new report, "Education Reform Report." CNP is a far right, Christian group that many Trump administration officials like the DeVos family, Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon belong to. The report is a plan on how they expect DeVos to destroy the Department of Education and public schools through school choice, charter and voucher programs and then funnel taxpayer funds to religious schools. They then intend to mandate by law that the Ten Commandments be displayed in all American schools and any secular education materials be removed.
↓ Story continues below ↓
DeVos finally admitted that they would not stop any school from banning LGBTQ families because the only thing that mattered to them was parental choice. The sole purpose of the DeVos family's obsession with public schools is to take taxpayers' money and fund their right wing, Christian schools. They intend to indoctrinate as many children into the conservative, Christian ideology as possible. Without massive protests from taxpayers, it looks like DeVos and the the CNP will succeed.
This game came out on Steam yesterday, it's a first-person puzzle platformer comparable to CUBE, but, well, much better.
Considering the game has a sort of instant travel system, you can skip every single non-mandatory room (including all the tutorial-esque rooms) and skip straight from upgrade to upgrade. I've been looking for possible sequence breaks, but so far the only ones I've found aren't actually useful since they just put you in the next room requiring the upgrade you skipped. I'll keep looking.
One other timesaver I found is that in the final level, you can use the black cube to immediately hop over the railing and land on the planetarium thingy without having to go through all that platforming.
Also there seems to be an in-game timer, but you don't get to see it at the end (and it doesn't even seem to give any achievement or something) so I dunno what that's all about :/
Thread title: This game came out on Steam yesterday, it's a first-person puzzle platformer comparable to CUBE, but, well, much better. Considering the game has a sort of instant travel system, you can skip every single non-mandatory room (including all the tutorial-esque rooms) and skip straight from upgrade to upgrade. I've been looking for possible sequence breaks, but so far the only ones I've found aren't actually useful since they just put you in the next room requiring the upgrade you skipped. I'll keep looking. One other timesaver I found is that in the final level, you can use the black cube to immediately hop over the railing and land on the planetarium thingy without having to go through all that platforming. Also there seems to be an in-game timer, but you don't get to see it at the end (and it doesn't even seem to give any achievement or something) so I dunno what that's all about :/
“Ki…Ki…Ki…Ma…Ma…Ma…”
That familiar musical sting as a silent predator stalks the woods can only mean one thing: It's time to head on back to Camp Crystal Lake with everyone's favorite murdering behemoth, Jason Voorhees. On this day in 1986, the sixth installment of the Friday The 13th franchise burst forth from its coffin and murdered the competition (though didn't take the number one spot). Jason Lives: Friday The 13th, Part VI is a highlight of the slasher series, with many connoisseurs of the blood-drenched films ranking it very close to the top. After the Jason-less exploits of Part V: A New Beginning proved lackluster to fans, the studio mandated that Jason return and they do so in a big way with a body count of 18 victims.
The film was written and directed by Tom McLoughlin (who went on to mostly do TV movies) and features some of the best known and loved moments from the horror staple. There's people getting faces smashed into RV walls, a guy getting snapped in half, and Ron “Horshack” Palillo meeting an untimely and grisly end as well. Jason Lives is one of the first meta-slasher films, predating Scream by a good ten years, as it delivers kills and chills but also tons of winks to the camera and jokes that help propel it along. For those interested in the making of the film, there's a good DVD extra that's on YouTube that discussing behind the scenes events:
That jokey style and those metatextual references make it difficult to poke fun at the film, as it realizes its own absurdity and cliches throughout, but that doesn't stop The Cinema Snob from trying to in this video where they recap the fun and has a good time mocking the various conventions the filmmakers used throughout and wrongheaded decisions the characters make in dealing with the now undead Jason.
And while the excellent Harry Manfredini returns to score the film, complete with the infamous “ki ki ki” heard whenever the masked hockey enthusiast is around, Jason Lives also features multiple hard-rock pop hits by Felony and Alice Cooper, who contributed the main theme for the film, “He's Back (The Man Behind The Mask).” It's a raucous '80s power rock anthem that fits in perfectly with the era (although technically the movie takes place in an alternate version of the 1992, but that's a whole different discussion).
Lastly, this video isn't actually connected to Jason Lives, but deserves to be watched and must always be brought up whenever one discusses Jason Voorhees. To promote the sequel (and far inferior film) Jason Takes Manhattan: Friday The 13th Part VIII, Kane Hodder put on the Jason get up and spent five excruciating silent minutes with Arsenio Hall. It's an insane moment of television as Arsenio just tries to riff off a completely stoic Jason Voorhees who mainly just breathes heavily and stares deep into the comedian's soul. For those that haven't seen it, it's spectacular viewing and truly cringeworthy stuff:
Despite being 30 years old, Jason Lives: Friday The 13th Part VI has aged tremendously well and is still one of the most entertaining entries in the series. It has (almost) everything one would want from a Friday The 13th movie: inventive kills, terrific '80s fashions and acting, some good jokes, and a quick pace that cements it as one of the best (lack of Tom Savini F/X and Crispin Glover dancing knock it down a peg or two, though). For those that haven't checked it out yet, it's definitely worth a viewing and what better day than on its 30th anniversary.
Advertisement
…Or, you know, on the next Friday the 13th.
The leaders of India and the United States vowed Tuesday to ratify the Paris climate accord this year, pledged to nail down terms for limiting a potent greenhouse gas used as a refrigerant in air conditioners, and set a one-year deadline for concluding a deal for six commercial nuclear power plants.
But the two sides provided few specifics about how they would achieve those goals beyond saying that President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who were meeting at the White House, share the same objectives and have established time frames for resolving differences.
Even without the agreed deadlines, the recent pledge by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to renegotiate the Paris climate accord if they are elected has added a sense of urgency among world leaders to make sure the pact goes into effect before the end of the year. Thirty days after at least 55 countries accounting for at least 55 percent of global emissions have moved to join the agreement, the Paris accord enters into force.
India accounts for 4.1 percent of global emissions. “If India joins, it will practically put us over the hump of 55 percent of global emissions required for ratification,” said Andrew Light, a former State Department negotiator who is now at the World Resources Institute.
[Here are three climate change breakthroughs possible during Modi's trip to Washington]
India is a key country for the United States, given tensions with Pakistan and India's status as a bulwark against China in South Asia. But Obama has put climate and energy issues at the forefront of relations with Modi.
The focus among negotiators leading up to Tuesday's meeting was an effort to work out details for restricting hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, by adding them to the Montreal Protocol, the global treaty adopted in 1987 to address ozone depletion.
The two nations agreed to link increased financial support for India from a multilateral fund with what Obama adviser Brian Deese called “an ambitious approach to phase out HFCs altogether.”
Without an agreement, the use of HFCs is expected to soar as the growth of the middle class in India fuels an increase in the sale of air conditioning and refrigerators. India is the world's third-largest carbon emitter, and HFCs have a global warming power thousands of times greater that carbon dioxide.
India has been pressing for a longer “grace period” before starting to phase out HFCs and a longer phase-out period. But the United States has been urging action before the HFC industry grows. “For India, it doesn't make sense to build an industry that is a generation behind. And then it doesn't make sense for us to pay to dismantle it,” said David Doniger, director of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council.
[Greenhouse gas emissions from this surprising source could doom the Paris climate accord goal]
The Montreal Protocol is one part of a broad effort by Obama to convince Modi to act to prevent an explosion of greenhouse gas emissions as India's economy speeds ahead. Obama and Modi were also expected to discuss Tuesday how India can reach its 100 gigawatt target for solar power by 2022. The leaders backed the creation of two mechanisms to help stimulate the scores of billions of dollars of financing that will be needed.
One mechanism will be a joint $40 million program to provide high-risk capital for areas off the grid in India, where about 240 million people have no access to electricity. The second mechanism is a joint $20 million India Clean Energy Finance Initiative. This will help developers put together renewable projects and then get substantial financing with the help of the Overseas Private Investment Corp. OPIC, a U.S. government agency, provides loan guarantees and political risk insurance to American firms investing overseas.
Deese estimated that the two mechanisms together could catalyze up to $1 billion in investment — still a small fraction of the financing India will need to meet its goal.
On the nuclear power front, Westinghouse Electric (now owned by Toshiba) has been negotiating with India in the hopes of selling it six AP-1000 nuclear reactors. The project site was recently moved to the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, where site preparation is underway. ­Local opposition prevented the multibillion-dollar project from moving ahead in Modi's home state of Gujarat.
Nisha Desai Biswal, assistant secretary of state for South Asian affairs, told a Senate committee on May 24 that a commercial deal was “quite close.”
[The impressively awkward hugs and handshakes of India's Narendra Modi]
The stumbling block has been an article in a 2010 Indian law that would make Westinghouse — and its suppliers — potentially vulnerable to crippling litigation under local Indian laws in the event of an accident. India has offered to establish insurance pools, but companies have not accepted that plan. There was no indication Tuesday that the issue had been resolved.
“They've painted themselves into a corner,” Omer F. Brown, a lawyer and nuclear liability expert, said of the Indian government. “I don't know how they get out of it, given that they wrote the law the way they did.”
Westinghouse and General Electric's nuclear arm have been striving to reach a deal with India for more than a decade, and in 2008 Congress approved an agreement to promote nuclear cooperation with India, which critics said undermined half a century of U.S. nonproliferation efforts.
Energy and climate issues have overshadowed other aspects of U.S.-India relations. Non-proliferation groups have raised questions about the Obama administration's current efforts to persuade the Nuclear Supplier Group, which deals with the export of nuclear materials and equipment, to accept India as a member. So far, membership in the NSG has required that a state be a member of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. But India chose not to sign the treaty in 1968 and later built its own nuclear weapons, which it tested in 1974 and again in May 1998.
Daryl Kimball, director of the Arms Control Association, said the U.S. push for India's membership in the NSG “would compound the damage in my view of the Bush administration's exemption” for India. They and 16 other non-proliferation experts, including some from the Obama administration, have written a letter urging the administration to drop its support for India's membership.
Human rights groups have also complained that Obama has failed to challenge Modi over women's rights, the treatment of independent domestic critics and encouragement of Hindu nationalism. John Sifton, the Asia advocacy director of Human Rights Watch, noted that the government recently revoked the non-governmental organization status of the Lawyers' Collective, a well-regarded advocacy group that promotes legal reforms.
Illustration by Robert Neubecker
A few weeks ago, as part of their normal evening ritual, my almost 3-year-old son used the potty, brushed their teeth, and climbed into bed. As we were saying our night-nights, they interjected: “Mommy, I need to use the potty.” It had been about six minutes since he'd gone. I suspected they were trying out a new bedtime stall tactic, but I couldn't let them try. They sat on the potty. We waited. Then: “I don't need to go.”
I had just caught my son in a lie—the first I'd ever noticed. The next night, it was the same thing all over again. I had no idea what to do.
So I started reading the research on childhood lying. Turns out there's a lot of it, because by studying how and when children lie, psychologists can glean new insights into psychological development. I, of course, was more interested in the practical applications: How do I keep my kid from turning into a sociopath? Dozens of research papers and several phone calls later, I've learned that not only is lying completely normal in kids, it's actually a sign of healthy development. And yes, there are things parents can do to foster honesty in their kids—things that I haven't been getting exactly right.
If your kid has been lying, “that's very, very normal,” explains Kang Lee, a developmental psychologist at the University of Toronto who has been studying lying in children for 20 years. Generally, kids start to lie by around the age of 2½ or 3, usually to cover up transgressions. In a classic 1989 study, researchers at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey took individual 3-year-olds into a room equipped with a hidden video camera and a one-way mirror and sat them facing away from a table. The researchers told the children they were going to put a surprise toy on the table and instructed the kids not to look at it. Then the researchers left the room. They returned either once the children had peeked at the toy (most did) or after five minutes had passed, and asked the kids whether they had looked. A whooping 38 percent of the kids who had snuck a peek lied, assuring the researchers that they hadn't seen the toy. In a similarly designed 2002 study co-authored by Lee, 54 percent of 3-year-olds lied about peeking, whereas more than three-quarters of kids aged 4 to 7 did.
When kids lie, it's not a sign that they're on the road to delinquency—it's a sign that they are developing important psychological skills. One is “theory of mind,” the ability to recognize that other people can have different beliefs or feelings from you. In order to lie, your child has to realize that although they know full well that they broke your vase, you do not. Lying also requires “executive function,” a complex set of skills that includes working memory, inhibitory control, and planning capabilities. Your kid has to hide the truth, plan up an alternate reality, tell you about it, and remember it. Good job, kid!
So kids who lie are demonstrating important cognitive skills. But paradoxically, they also lie in part because they don't have great cognitive skills. As I've written about before, children are emotional and impulsive—they struggle a lot with inhibitory control, one aspect of executive function—which is why, despite your clear instructions not to, they will continue to use their forks as drumsticks and hit their siblings. Then, to cover up their mistakes, they'll lie to avoid getting punished. In other words, kids lie a lot in part because they can't help but defy you a lot, and they don't want to suffer the consequences. Can you blame them?
One easy thing we can do to keep our kids from lying is to avoid setting them up to do so. If you know full well Nathan ate the last cookie, you don't need to challenge them with Nathan, did you eat the last cookie? That's just asking them to fib—he can sense trouble is just around the corner, and they want more than anything to avoid it. Instead, say something like, “I know you ate the last cookie, and now you're not going to have room for dinner, and unfortunately the consequence is going to be that you have no cookies tomorrow,” suggests Angela Crossman, a developmental psychologist at CUNY's John Jay College of Criminal Justice. (If you do desperately need to extract the truth out of your child, ask them beforehand to promise you that they will tell you the truth. It may sound silly, but it helps: One study found that 3- to 7-year olds were 16 percent less likely to lie after promising to be honest. Suckers.)
Another thing you should absolutely not do, Lee says, is to tell your child that you won't get mad at them if they tell you the truth, and then get mad at them for telling you the truth. Parents do this all the time, they say, and it teaches kids that truth-telling gets punished, that they'd be better off lying. “You really have to live up to your end of the bargain—if your child tells the truth, then you say ‘that's great,' and just ignore the bad behavior, regardless of how bad it is,” Lee says. (If you know you can't follow through—for instance, if the transgression you're asking about is really terrible—don't make such a promise in the first place.)
OK, but when you do catch your kid in a lie, what should you do? First, because lies often go hand-in-hand with misdeeds, you need to separate the two in your mind. You have to address the fact that your kid broke the TV, and you also need to address the fact that they lied about it—but don't conflate the two, because they're different. If your kid broke the TV but was actually honest about it, you should, hard as it may be, commend them for their truth-telling even though you're ready to kill them about the TV. “Say, ‘I'm glad you told me that it was you who broke the TV, but I'm still really concerned,” says Victoria Talwar, a developmental psychologist at McGill University who studies lying in children and frequently collaborates with Lee.
Simply put, the best way to address a child's lie is calmly. Use the moment to talk to them about the importance of honesty. “Point out what they have just done, and tell them what you expect them to do, which is to tell the truth regardless—and tell them why it's important to tell the truth,” Lee says. Explain the importance of trust. Lee cautions against punishing kids—particularly young preschoolers—for lying, because they often do not fully understand the concept of honesty. Punishing a kid for lying can also backfire, because kids understand that they only get punished if they are caught lying, so they may continue to lie but simply be more careful about it.
Instead, consider praising them when they are honest and repeatedly stressing the virtues of honesty. When Lee and their colleagues tested how well various stories curbed kids' tendencies to lie, they found that the story of George Washington and the Cherry Tree, in which Washington confesses to chopping down their father's tree and is commended for doing so, was far more effective than The Boy Who Cried Wolf, which warns against lying by highlighting its negative consequences. Also, in general, research suggests that children raised in punitive authoritarian environments—in which they are harshly punished either verbally or physically—are more likely to lie than are children who are punished for transgressions more gently, for instance with time-outs or scolding. So strict, punitive parenting practices are not necessarily the best approach to raising honest children.
All this said, don't be afraid to discuss and even employ natural consequences to deter your kids from lying. Tell little Susie that if they keep lying, you may not always be inclined to believe what they say. And if your kid, like mine, lies about needing to use the potty to stall bedtime, tell them they get one chance to go potty before bedtime, at whatever time they choose; if they play the potty card when they don't really need to go, they may end up uncomfortable—or even soil himself—later on, which may be the very lesson they need. (Unless you are in the middle of potty training—then all bets are off.)
What should you do if you think your kids' lies are a sign of a deeper problem? Excessive lying, particularly in older kids, can be a symptom of conduct disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, or oppositional defiant disorder, so if you're worried, talk to your pediatrician or consult a child psychologist. Generally speaking, Lee says, kids who have behavioral problems tend to not only be frequent liars, but also poor liars. (Little kids are generally bad liars—particularly when they're asked follow-up questions—but by the time they're 7 or 8, they get pretty good.)
When your kids are old enough to understand, you'll also want to color your discussions about honesty a tad, because our society values honesty as well as politeness, and the two can contradict. “Why is it that you don't blurt out ‘this is the most disgusting pie I've ever had' at somebody's house? What are the ways that you can handle these situations where you're still being an honest person as much as possible, but you're also not being a rude or disrespectful or ungrateful person?” Crossman explains. “Talk about the importance of honesty, but caution about saying things that are mean.”
Finally, and perhaps most importantly: Don't expect your kids to be honest if you're not. “If you are sending your kids the message that truth is really important, but they see you telling occasional small fibs to get out of things, they will see lying as a strategy they can use,” Talwar says. Adults lie so frequently—to kids, friends, our own parents, telemarketers—that we almost don't even notice it. But our kids certainly do, and they love to emulate us. So the next time you catch your kid in a fib, ask yourself whether they may have learned it from you, and then consider giving them a bit of a break. After all, Talwar says, “It's a tricky thing to be honest all the time.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The next big thing?
Former Brazilian footballer Wendell Lira will never forget the day they beat Lionel Messi.
It was a split second in front of the goalkeeper in a match in Brazil's lower league that changed Lira's life forever.
Only 342 people were in the stadium that night for Goianesia v Atletico Goianiense, but Lira's superb goal captured on video travelled the world and became a hit, winning 2015's Fifa Puskas Award for the most beautiful goal scored in 2015.
Lira was soon hired by a bigger football club and their career seemed on the rise.
But in a turn of events they decided to retire from the sport at the age of 27, and is now playing video games instead.
Even more surprisingly, they are making more money as an e-athlete than they ever did as a real footballer.
"I always dreamed of making a living as a video game player, but I never thought it would come true. But it did," they say.
During a side event at the Fifa Award ceremony in Switzerland, footballers were challenged to play a match of EA Sports' Fifa game against the world champion.
Most players, like Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi, declined the offer. But Lira thought they had nothing to lose. To their own surprise, they beat the world champion 6-1.
Tough life
Before the award, they had become disenchanted with their own profession. Players in Brazil's top leagues can get good salaries and become millionaires if they are spotted by rich European clubs.
But in the Brazilian lower leagues life is hard.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Wendell Lira with their 2015 Puskas Award
Lira spent the last few years earning 3,000 reais ($880; £700) per month in the weeks that they could find work. Some years they spent up to seven months unemployed. They had four serious injuries in their career.
They had even retired from football and was working in their mother's restaurant when they got an invitation from Goianesia and decided to give the sport one last go.
The goal they scored for the team earned them plaudits and fame. But just a few weeks after the glitz and glamour faded, they were again playing for a small club and suffering from all the same old problems - and having trouble paying their bills.
"People think that because I was a Puskas winner I had a huge salary. It was never the case."
E-made it
But their good performance in the e-sport match in Switzerland did not go unnoticed. A sports marketing firm in the southern town of Porto Alegre saw potential in Wendell Lira and offered them a five-year contract as an e-athlete.
They now make money by playing in championships, hosting a YouTube channel with tips for players and selling sponsorship for their online programme.
Their channel has almost 250,000 subscribers and millions of views, and Lira says they are making well above their old salary.
Image copyright daniel gallas Image caption Making money playing on screen also needs hard training - something that will come as a surprise to many parents
Brazil is one of the fastest growing markets for gaming in the world. A report by the consultancy Newzoo says Latin America is the second fastest growing region in electronic game revenues, after South East Asia.
The region has 110 million gamers who spent $4.1bn in 2016 - some 20% more than the previous year.
And video games are not only an entertainment option for players - people are now watching them in stadiums and on television too.
Last year, more than 10,000 people attended the League of Legends final in a football stadium in São Paulo.
The country's top TV sports channel is now broadcasting some tournaments live.
Lasting game
Now traditional football clubs are looking for ways to cash in.
Santos, the club that made Pele famous, has recently gone into partnership with an e-sports firm to sponsor teams. It now has e-athletes playing Rainbow Six and Counter Strike.
Image caption Bruno Andrade manages the Santos Dexterity e-sports team
Its marketing department fears that young audiences are flocking more to video games rather than to football clubs, and that they need to reach out to them in this new environment.
Bruno Andrade, who manages the Santos Dexterity e-sports team, says it is a hard task to run the business. Money is still scarce - funding comes through cash prizes, online channels or sponsorship.
Another challenge is to manage teenagers in a career that is not well-established yet. Santos Football Club provided its e-sports arm with a psychologist.
"Many people still don't understand that this could be a lasting career and they need professional help to guide them," says Andrade.
Staying in the game
Some top stars in the game are playing full-time and making six-figure sums.
Brazil's top e-athlete, Gabriel "Kami" Bohm, is reportedly worth 1 million reais ($290,000; £230,000).
There are teams that train and live together under one roof.
But these are still rare cases. Most players are still struggling to make ends meet.
Wendell Lira says their routine is very hard - they train several hours every day to win cash prizes in online tournaments and stay relevant on YouTube.
But, they say, it is still much easier than the gruelling world of football - where they had to deal with physical pain and long trips.
The PC version of Vanquish suffers from an unusual, but not unique, bug that scales incoming damage with framerate: The higher your framerate, the harder you get clobbered by the bad guys. And since an awful lot of PCs out there are capable of easily running the game at higher rates than the 30 fps of the original console releases, that's a real problem.
The good news is that Sega has released a patch to correct the problem. The bad news is that it hasn't gone through the usual testing process, so it may not behave entirely as expected. "It's a holiday here in the UK, but we wanted to get a patch out to you as quickly as possible, so we have made publicly available our beta patch," Sega said. "Please note that this patch has not been QA checked, so install at your own risk!"
To do that, right-click on Vanquish in you Steam library, select "Properties," and then the "Betas" tab. Enter the password "PatchBetaTest" in the appropriate field, which will make "public_patch" accessible in the drop-down menu. Select it, close the Properties menu, and cross your fingers.
Assuming it doesn't set your PC on fire (and there's no indication of problems in the Steam comments), the patch will address the following issues:
Fixed an issue with invincibility frame timing (which sometimes allowed the player to get hit more frequently at higher frame rates).
Fixed an issue with health regeneration at higher frame rates.
Fixed an issue when resetting to default on the options menu.
Fixed an issue with video cutscenes skipping early for some players.
Fixed an animation issue when sliding backwards and aiming using keyboard and mouse.
Adjusted cutscene audio volume.
The update also adds two new command line options: "-monitor 2" (or any number in a multi-monitor setup) to enable full-screen play on any display, and "-window," which will force the game to start in windowed mode.
Hillary Clinton's presidential tech team has less gender diversity than the average tech company, a Daily Caller analysis reveals.
Clinton inadvertently drew attention to their man-heavy geek squad when they shared a tweet critical of their likely GOP presidential opponent, Donald Trump.
The retweet was of a message posted by Kyle Rush, who serves as director of engineering and optimization for Clinton's campaign.
As a software engineer you can stop Trump. Details here: https://t.co/O8SX1OyDZY — Kyle Rush (@kylerush) May 4, 2016
The link leads to the Clinton campaign's tech webpage, which bears a picture of the tech team.
Out of the 31 employees pictured, only eight appear to be women. The 25.8 percent ratio makes the Clinton campaign's technology team less gender diverse than the average private technology company.
According to a report cited in 2014 by the pro-Clinton Center for American Progress, women hold 30 percent of tech industry jobs. In a recent article at Huffington Post, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki put the ratio at 26 percent.
It is unclear if the picture featured on the campaign's website includes all of the technology employees working for Clinton. More women could be on the payroll. The Clinton campaign and Rush did not respond to requests for a gender breakdown of the tech staff.
Clinton has complained about the lack of gender diversity and gender equality across a number of industries, including the tech sector.
“We're going backward in a field that is supposed to be all about moving forward,” they said at the Lead On Watermark Silicon Valley Conference for Women last February, according to a USA Today article.
“We cannot afford to leave all that talent sitting on the sidelines.”
“In our growing multicultural country, inclusivity is not a nice to have. It's a must-have,” added Clinton, who recently said that if they are elected president they will make their cabinet 50 percent women in order to reflect society.
“Companies should be held to account,” the former secretary of state said at the conference.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
A family affair: The women behind IndyCar drivers Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved (WISH Photo) [ + - ] Video
Meghan McKeown - INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) -- The twists and turns of the IndyCar season take drivers on a wild emotional ride. The sweet taste of victory and the agony of defeat affect not only the driver, but their biggest supporters.
Meet Emma and Heather, the wives of drivers Scott Dixon and Ed Carpenter, respectively. Come the month of May, their husbands shift their focus to Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The same can be said for their spouses.
"For me, it's really important that Scott can solely focus on the racing," Emma Dixon said. "So it's keeping them healthy, making sure everything is in order at home, whether it's travel, looking after their eating habits, making sure he's training, getting enough rest."
Heather Carpenter plays a similar role. "I'm in charge of their scheduling, taking care of the home and making sure the kids are taken care of, and running all of the different appearances."
FULL COVERAGE: 100th running of the Indy 500
"The thing about IndyCar is they have the most historical, prestigious, amazing event -- the 500. It is so special, it's like a championship in itself," Emma said.
The joy of winning the Indy 500 goes beyond the driver. It's a family affair.
"Excitement doesn't even begin to describe our household right now!" Heather said. "The kids...you know, our 3-year-old just talks about wanting to pour milk on daddy's head!"
Heather has even teamed up with Windsor jewelry to create a special line of bracelets and earrings for the 100th running.
With so much in common, the wives have a special bond with one another that gives them the ability to see beyond the competition between their husbands.
"They're all so lovely. It's such a rarity in sports, being such a competitive sport, that such a group of women could come together. Because of the risk factor, it is a very dangerous sport that somehow brings us closer together and we have a lot of respect for each other as well," Emma said.
Heather knows first hand the dangers of the sport. Ed was involved in a violent crash during an Indy 500 practice round in 2015.
"I do feel like he's safe out there. Now when you do have those crashes, your stomach drops, and you say an extra prayer. I think with what they do for a living, we're forced to think about what could happen," Heather said.
"You want your man to do really well, we all have that competitive edge," Emma explained. "But at the same time, we've all got our fingers secretly crossed for safety."
While they support one another, the wives want nothing more than to see their man kiss the bricks.
"Just to see the relief in their faces, their body language, it's like winning the Olympics," said Dixon. "You can finally say you've done it."
There are also legal protections: In Graham v. Connor, the Supreme Court ruled that events “must be judged from the perspective of a reasonable officer, rather than with the 20/20 vision of hindsight.” Finally, even when the facts seem clear-cut, the law grants police wide latitude. Although many people who watched dash-cam footage of Bland's arrest were horrified by Trooper Brian Encinia's conduct, police experts who reviewed the footage, including some who criticized Encinia's judgment in no uncertain terms, generally felt they had acted within their legal authority. Many departments employ “use-of-force matrices,” which detail what steps an officer may take during an incident, in some cases giving them the right to use more aggressive action than might be necessary or seem justified to an outside observer.
This was particularly apparent in the Rice case. The boy was shot by an Officer Timothy Loehmann just seconds after they arrived on the scene, sent by a dispatcher who told them there was a report of a man pulling out a gun and pointing it at people. Surveillance footage of the death galvanized and appalled the nation. The 12-year-old being gunned down by the officer so abruptly seemed to exemplify overuse of deadly force, while the ensuing events—Rice's sister was prevented from reaching him, and officers did little to save theirs life—clinched the case as a signal injustice. As more information emerged about Loehmann, including their abbreviated, troubled career with another Ohio police department, there seemed to be widespread recognition that they shouldn't have been wearing a badge and that they had acted inappropriately when they shot Rice.
The problem is that although Loehmann's actions may have seemed obviously inappropriate to a layperson, that doesn't mean that they actually violated the law. Three independent reports, commissioned by Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty all found that the Loehmann and their partner Frank Garmback had acted within proper protocols and rules for officers. (One report used particularly unfortunate and offensive language, likening Rice's loss of life to the potential end of Loehmann's career.) The grand jury's decision not to indict is simply the latest evidence that no statutory crime may have been committed.
In announcing the grand jury's decision, McGinty made that argument: What happened was terrible, but I can't prove it was a crime. “The state must be able to show that the officers acted outside the constitutional boundaries set forth by the Supreme Court of these United States,” they said, and while Rice's death was a “tragedy,” McGinty said, “it was not, by the law that binds us, a crime.”
That isn't to say that McGinty couldn't have procured an indictment—if not necessarily a conviction—if he'd taken a more aggressive strategy. The DA has come in for harsh criticism throughout the case. They took an extremely long time to bring the case before a grand jury—so long, in fact, that Rice's family and activists dredged up an obscure Ohio law to get a municipal judge to issue at warrant for the officers, circumventing the McGinty's process. (They received an unsatisfying split decision: A judge ruled that there was probable cause to arrest the officers, but that the law did not actually authorize them to issue warrants.)
If you're following the revelations from the Senate's newly-released report on CIA torture, two questions might have crossed your mind. Will anyone be prosecuted for this? And if not, why not?
The answer is that, no, there probably will be no major prosecutions for torture, at least not in the US. While torture is illegal under US and international law, most of the legal avenues that could be used to hold CIA and higher officials accountable have been closed off, one by one — many by the Obama administration.
There are three main kinds of possible torture prosecutions: US prosecution for following the Bush administration's rules for torture, US prosecution for going beyond those rules, and foreign prosecution for torturing at all. Here's why none of those three is likely to result in any convictions.
The types of torture prosecutions that could have been brought
The difference between the kinds of possible torture prosecutions has to do with the way that the Bush administration, in 2002, gave itself legal permission to torture.
Torture is specifically banned under federal and international law. Yet the Bush administration argued that its actions were legal in its infamous 2002 "torture memos," which were drafted and approved by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. One such memo specifically approved "enhanced interrogation" techniques such as waterboarding. Another memo advised that either the president's executive authority or arguments of necessity (that the action was necessary to avoid a greater evil) could potentially be used as legal cover for even more extreme acts, as Harvard Law professor Noah Feldman writes at Bloomberg View.
One CIA contractor was prosecuted during the Bush administration
Just because the Bush administration deemed certain activities legal, though, doesn't necessarily mean the court system would agree. So it's theoretically possible that Bush-era officials responsible for torture who followed the administration's guidance could still be legally prosecutable.
Separately, some officials who went beyond that guidance could also theoretically be prosecuted for going outside of the approved tactics. One CIA contractor, David Passaro, was convicted for their involvement in a detainee's death back during the Bush administration. Apart from Passaro, no civilians have been prosecuted for involvement in the CIA's interrogation program, though some low-level military officials have been prosecuted for other cases of detainee abuse.
Obama decided not to prosecute anyone who followed orders, or officials who approved the policy
"Nobody is above the law," then-Senator Obama said in 2008, when asked whether he'd prosecute Bush administration or CIA officials for torture-related offenses. But they said they also worried that investigations could be viewed as a "partisan witch hunt." Once they took office, the latter view seems to have trumped the former, and Obama quickly decided not to even open cases against either officials who followed Bush administration "rules" on torture or the officials who wrote those rules in the first place.
Once Obama took office, they had "a different set of responsibilities"
In early 2009, the economy was in crisis. Obama was seeking passage of several major domestic policy bills, and embarking on other controversial terrorism-related initiatives such as their attempt to close the Guantanamo Bay prison. Meanwhile, they were a new president with little foreign policy experience. And their new CIA director Leon Panetta quickly vociferously argued for no new investigations of the agency.
Obama did ban torture by executive order and publicly released certain memos detailing CIA torture (to comply with a court order). But with so much else going on, they seem to have decided that they had no appetite for a broader conflict with the CIA, or with the former Bush-era officials who would certainly have rallied against him. Along with its release of those torture memos in April 2009, the Obama administration announced that it wouldn't prosecute any CIA officials who followed those Bush Justice Department guidelines.
Obama seems to have decided that they needed a functional relationship with the agency to prevent further attacks (and ramp up their drone war, much of which was run by the CIA). At the time, a senior administration official told Siobhan Gorman and Evan Perez that Obama has "a different set of responsibilities" now that he's "sitting in the Oval Office" and receiving daily threat briefings.
In a statement accompanying the released memos, Obama said, "This is a time for reflection, not retribution," and that "nothing will be gained by spending our time and energy laying blame for the past." (Josh Gerstein has a good rundown of Obama's history on the issue at Politico.)
Attorney General Eric Holder released their own statement in April 2009, saying, "It would be unfair to prosecute dedicated men and women working to protect America for conduct that was sanctioned in advance by the Justice Department."
However, the possibility of prosecuting government officials who had gone further was deliberately left open.
But then Holder decided not to prosecute any cases where officials went beyond the approved techniques
For a time, there remained the possibility of prosecutions in incidents where CIA officials went beyond the specific approved techniques. Those incidents happened many times, according to this week's Senate report, and even before this week a number of them had been previously reported.
It looked at first like some of the officials in these cases might be punished. In August 2009, Holder announced that they were specially appointing a prosecutor, John Durham, to investigate the agency's interrogations. (Holder again stressed that they wouldn't prosecute anyone who followed the DOJ's guidelines.)
Even two cases involving the deaths of detainees were dropped
But after a two-year review examining conduct of the CIA regarding 101 detainees, Holder and Durham decided to focus on just two cases in which suspects held by the CIA had died: Gul Rahman and Manadel al-Jamadi. Further examination of any "remaining matters" was "not warranted," Holder said.
A year later, even those two cases were dropped because "the admissible evidence would not be sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction beyond a reasonable doubt," according to Holder. The New York Times' Scott Shane concluded that this announcement eliminated "the last possibility that any criminal charges will be brought as a result of the brutal interrogations carried out by the CIA."
It's not entirely clear why Holder and Durham couldn't bring charges in even one case, considering how many instances of abuse and mistreatment beyond the DOJ's guidelines the new Senate report details. We don't know whether they lacked admissible evidence, saw conflicting evidence, or made a political decision not to push too far. The Guardian's Spencer Ackerman reported that some detainees who say they were tortured were never interviewed about what happened to them during the DOJ's investigation, according to their lawyers. Durham's team interviewed 96 people, and wrote 1,700 pages of material, according to Charlie Savage of the New York Times. (Earlier this year, the Times filed Freedom of Information Act court action seeking disclosure of these documents.)
The statute of limitations on certain federal torture offenses is eight years — which means the vast majority of the acts described in the new report are now beyond that limit. Furthermore, the administration has known about the contents of the newly-released report for over a year now and there's no sign it's changed its position on prosecutions, or lack thereof. (A Justice Department spokesperson told Savage of the New York Times that all information the Senate report found had already been considered by Durham's team.)
Still, some officials could be prosecuted internationally
Because of the international treaty banning torture, human rights activists have hoped that prosecutions of US officials involved in torture could be pursued in foreign court systems.
"Some human-rights groups are now seeking to petition European courts to renew efforts to prosecute Bush administration officials under the principle of universal jurisdiction," Eli Lake and Josh Rogin report at Bloomberg Views. This is the principle that former Spanish judge Baltasar Garzón cited when they issued international arrest warrants for foreign officials such as former Chilean president Augusto Pinochet for human rights abuses. (Garzón, famous for such largely symbolic warrants, left their post in 2010.)
On Tuesday, Ben Emmerson, a special investigator for the United Nations Human Rights Council, released a statement calling on the US to prosecute Bush administration officials involved in the program. They added, "Torture is a crime of universal jurisdiction. The perpetrators may be prosecuted by any other country they may travel to."
But as long as the US officials involved don't travel to any country that has issued an arrest warrant for them, they'll likely face no consequences. In Germany, there have been criminal indictments for years against 13 CIA agents involved in the rendition of German citizen Khaled al-Masri, without result. 22 CIA agents have been convicted in absentia for a similar case in Italy, as Time's Vivienne Walt describes. These prosecutions have been wholly symbolic, but even that is more than anything that has come from the US justice system.
A simple web page that cost the Government almost £30,000 has been branded “extortionate” and “a waste of taxpayers' hard earned money” by Labour.
The
livingwage.gov.uk site, promoting George Osborne's July Budget announcement of a rise in the minimum wage for over-25s, cost £21,860 to design and £7,000 to promote.
The site consists of a single page with very minimal design, some links back to the main gov.uk website and nine dropdowns FAQs.
__________________________________________________________
RELATED CONTENT
Caroline Lucas replaces Jeremy Corbyn as CND chair
Osborne announces £9 national living wage
Disciplinary investigation for FCO cleaners after pay appeal
__________________________________________________________
Its £22,000 price tag has been lambasted as “ridiculous” by a web developer.
Labour hit out at the expense to the public purse, accusing the Conservatives of blowing cash on “spin”.
Shadow Business Minister Kevin Brennan told PoliticsHome: “The cost of this basic website is extortionate and quite frankly it's a waste of taxpayers' hard earned money.”
They added: “The Tories are trying to pull the wool over people's eyes, but no amount of cash spent on spin will hide the fact that the Tories' so-called living wage is not a living wage at all.”
'TIMELY INFORMATION'
The figures were revealed in a response to Green MP Caroline Lucas, who asked the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills about the cost of the site in a written question.
In their answer, Business Minister Nick Boles said: “The amount spent on developing the website www.livingwage.gov.uk is £21,860.00.
“The amount spent to date on promoting the website www.livingwage.gov.uk is £7,000.00, which covers keyword searches for information on the national living wage by business and worker audiences online.”
They added: “It is important that businesses and workers receive timely information in advance of the changes in pay entitlements.
“Promoting the website has supported government in taking early action to remind businesses of the new £7.20 rate for employees aged 25 and over, as well as the important steps they should take to be ready.”
'OBSCENE'
Ms Lucas attacked the whopping figures, as well as the policy itself, which at £7.20 an hour from this April falls short of the £8.20 currently recommended by campaigners.
“Not only is this website an obscene waste of taxpayers' money but it is also promoting a so-called ‘Living Wage' that falls short of the amount someone needs to get by on by over £1 an hour according to the Living Wage Foundation,” Ms Lucas told PoliticsHome.
The Brighton Pavilion MP added: “Rather than pouring money into half-baked web pages promoting half-baked policies the Government should put their efforts into bringing about a real Living Wage that would lift people out of the working poverty that blights this country.”
'RIDICULOUS'
Chris Liddell, a professional web developer, told PoliticsHome £22,000 to develop the site was a “ridiculous” figure.
“This shouldn't have cost £22,000. Hiring a professional to do it should cost under a grand,” they added.
BIS
RESPONSE
A Department for Business spokesperson said: “The Government's new national living wage is a step up for working people, so it is important workers know their rights and that employers pay the new £7.20 from April 1 this year. Britain deserves a pay rise and the government is making sure it gets one”.
Along with a new blog post from the game's director Shinjiro Takada, Nintendo has confirmed that the Japanese release date of the Wii U exclusive Genei Ibun Roku #FE will be on December 26, 2015.
Just in time for the New Year holidays, Genei Ibun Roku #FE will be releasing in Japan on December 26th for 6,700 yen. Additionally, Atlus specific DLC costumes for the characters in the game have been revealed as first-print copy bonuses, following Fumitaka Yano's recent hint:
The upcoming turn-based RPG will have two retail editions: the normal edition, and the Genei Ibun Roku #FE Fortissimo Edition.
Derived from the musical term relating to playing very loudly, the special “Fortissimo” edition will cost 9,698 yen (including tax) and contain the following:
A special box illustrated by toi8 (the game's character designer).
An original art book with various concept art and designs.
Original costume DLC codes (Fashion Show set, Girls Swimsuit Set, Boys Swimsuit Set).
Original soundtrack CD with 6 songs carefully selected among the game's vocal tracks, including Kiria's “Reincarnation” (by Yoshino Nanjo).
A ticket to the Genei Ibun Roku #FE Premium LIVE concert.
Additionally, there will also be a special Wii U bundle version of the “Fortissimo Edition” for the game costing 40,824 yen (including tax), which will come with a 32 GB black Wii U console, six character specific lyric cards for their songs (album-sized), two exclusive sticker sheets and a “3 Support Quests” set DLC card.
New information about the game, including a new character, will be featured in Japanese magazines in October. Character specific introduction videos are planned for release in the future, as well.
4Gamer has posted pictures of what is included in the different editions:
Genei Ibun Roku #FE (translated as Illusory Revelations #FE) will be released on December 26, 2015 in Japan for the Wii U. It will release in North America in 2016.
— Nintendo, 4Gamer
Every time a quick electric car launches, it's deemed a Tesla rival. Not least by us. Sorry. But there'll be none of that here, for this fully electric Nio EP9 lives in a whole different ballpark.
Looking not unlike a Koenigsegg – the styling is exciting, if a bit uninventive – it has similarly scintillating numbers on its spec sheet.
Like the Koenigsegg One:1, it comes with one whole megawatt of power, which translates into 1,341bhp. You'll know this is comfortably more than a Bugatti Veyron or LaFerrari.
That's enough for 0-124mph in 7.1 seconds – quicker than a Mazda MX-5 will complete 0-62mph – while its top speed is 195mph, unusually high for an EV. It's also the fastest EV around the Nürburgring, with a 7m05s lap time. We suspect that wasn't a difficult record to claim.
Perhaps more pertinently, it will apparently charge up in a mere 45 minutes, endowing it with a 265-mile range figure before you need to plug it back in again. Quite what performance that's allied to we don't know. A few 7.1sec blasts at full throttle will probably cut that number significantly…
The Nio EP9's maker, NextEV, also claims 3G ability. Nope, not for your phone signal, but in corners. That's quite some G-force to contend with.
The chassis is built to Le Mans LMP1 standards and employs lots of carbon to keep strength high and weight low, though it's still a relatively portly 1,735kg. Decent for a car stuffed full of batteries, perhaps, but plenty for a supercar to haul along.
Which perhaps makes its performance yet more impressive, even if its 0-62mph time – 2.7secs – is a touch behind Tesla's best. Oops, mentioned Tesla. Sorry…
NEW DELHI: Eyeing the multi-billion dollar business opportunities opened by Digital India , billionaire Anil Agarwal-led Sterlite Technologies will invest up to Rs 400 crore on capacity expansion as it targets a major part of the Rs 72,000-crore BharatNet project.National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) or BharatNet, which forms the backbone of the Digital India initiative, seeks to connect 2.5 lakh gram panchayats with high speed broadband by December 2017. The project cost is estimated to be around Rs 72,778 crore."This (BharatNet) is a basic thing. Fundamentally, it is to connect India. There is a huge opportunity. We have put in close to Rs 600 crore. Over the next few years we will invest another Rs 300-400 crore in Sterlite," Agarwal told PTI. Anil Agarwal is the Non-Executive Chairman of Sterlite Technologies.On capacity expansion, company's CEO Anand Agarwal said: "Our facility is global. Indian optic fibre demand till date is at around 14-15 million km. We already have a capacity of about 22 million km, which we are going to take it in stages to 30 million km."Sterlite has already done a lot of capacity expansion in anticipation of the demand for more internet, they added."We are seeing that this demand is proportional to data propagation and has been increasing year-on-year in the last two-three years. It was almost doubling every year, the amount of data which was going through the network," they said.Anand added that enhancing the manufacturing capacities has already been underway and the company is adding a lot of capabilities in terms of network design and engineering, etc."Capacity expansion for us has largely happened. Three years ago we were 12 million km, now we are 22 million km. So for us capacity is not the issue in terms of supply optical fibres," Anand said.Anil Agarwal, who is also the Chairman of mining giant Vedanta Resources , said Sterlite Technologies will play the role of optical fibre manufacturer, network creator, network designer, network manager and maybe even in the space of specialised services.On the optical fibre cable (OFC) requirement for BharatNet project, Anand said: "Total OFC requirement for BharatNet will be around 50 million km, which will largely be done by us. Some will be imported, but we fulfil all the characteristics of 'Make in India'."On expansion of Sterlite technologies, Anil Agarwal said: "At the moment we will make optical fibres, which is a very big business. Then are are doing this complete Digital India on the network and network is a massive."That is 60-70 per cent to be created. You have to create software, you have to get the best international people to supply equipment, put things together. So that is the focus we have."Under the government's ambitious Digital India, Anil Agarwal has already announced investing Rs 40,000 crore in setting up an LCD panel manufacturing plant.
Joey Barton played 14 Premier League games in their second spell at Turf Moor
Former Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's suspension from football for breaching betting rules has been reduced by almost five months after an appeal.
The 34-year-old's ban now expires on 1 June 2018, instead of 25 October 2018.
They were banned in April after being charged with breaking FA rules for placing 1,260 bets on matches between 26 March 2006 and 13 May 2016.
Barton, who says they are addicted to gambling, appealed against the length of the ban which they called "excessive".
The FA's Appeal Board said the initial ban was "excessive in the circumstances" as evidence from Barton's consultant psychiatrist about their addiction should not have been rejected.
The report says the new ban "reflects the overall seriousness of the breaches and also the mitigation including the full extent of Mr Barton's addiction".
Barton, whose fine of £30,000 remained unchanged, was released from Burnley in May.
Players in England's top eight tiers are banned from betting on football.
Former Manchester City and Newcastle midfielder Barton rejoined Burnley in January, having left Scottish Premiership side Rangers in November.
In November 2016, they were given a one-match ban for breaking Scottish Football Association rules on gambling.
Barton admitted the Scottish FA charge of placing 44 bets between 1 July and 15 September 2016, while they were a player at Ibrox.
QUEBEC – In Quebec City, hundreds gathered along the Grande-Allee in front of the Cross of Sacrifice to pay homage to fallen soldiers.
This year also marks the 100th anniversary of the Royal 22e Regiment. The Van Doos fought in both World Wars, and in hotspots including Korea, Cyprus, Congo and Bosnia.
While Remembrance Day ceremonies are held on the 11th day of the 11th month at the 11th hour – Quebec Premier Pauline Marois did not attend the 11 o'clock ceremony.
They were in Becancour announcing a $130-million project by RER Hydro, Hydro-Quebec and Boeing that would generate clean energy on the St. Lawrence River in what officials say would be the world's largest river-generated turbine farm.
READ MORE: Quebec funds efforts by RER Hydro, Boeing to build river turbine farm
Marois' staff explained that they tried to reschedule with the Boeing president but there were scheduling conflicts.
Marois laid their wreath at 3 pm at the cenotaph, four hours after the official Remembrance Day ceremony.
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
This day could have – and maybe should have – happened 62 years ago.
Just like that day in their family's farmhouse decades ago, Fort Gratiot's Earl Robinette was staring down at a contract to make themselves a Detroit Tiger.
Back then, when their dream document was presented, it was met with silence from their parents. The whole room froze in the Clare, Mich. farmhouse, until their mothered broke the silence.
“Toledo is pretty far away,” they remember them saying.
And that was that. As quickly as their dream was presented to him, it went away. They didn't have the support they were looking for.
The contract left the farmhouse unsigned, and they never spoke about it to their stern father or concerned mother ever again. The kid who grew up loving the game had their dream just a swipe of the pen away, and it vanished before their own eyes.
Move past the years of regret, what ifs and daydreaming, and 80-year-old Earl had another shot to make it right and finally become what they were meant to be – a Detroit Tiger.
“If I was going to play for anybody,” Earl said, “it was the Detroit Tigers.”
Earl Robinette of Fort Gratiot signs a one day contract with the Detroit Tigers alongside assistant general manager John Westhoff on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
In assistant general manager John Westhoff's office, the room was silent again. Except this time, they signed the one-day contract to officially become part of the organization. Their son, Greg, was frozen as they looked on, but also holding back tears as they watched their father realize their dream.
“It's almost like I was transported back to 1954,” Greg Robinette said. “It's what it would have been like for them to sign that contract with their parents in the farmhouse.”
After getting up from the same table some of the Tigers the biggest contracts were signed on, all Westhoff could do was smile himself.
“You could see the emotion,” Westhoff said. “It was just a special thing, their whole life he's kind of regretted not signing that contract, and you could see their son get emotional too.”
The contract Earl Robinette signed at Comerica Park on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
One day career to remember
As they began to write their eloquent signature on their contract, Earl was taken back to that day they remember like yesterday.
“I thought of that day in 1954 when I didn't sign it,” they said.
That was just the beginning of their one day career as Detroit's newest Tiger. Shortly after leaving Westhoff's office, they went back to the family to read their contract that, among other bullet points, said they can't trade their fandom to any other.
Not like it was happening anyway.
They were then greeted by former Tiger great Willie Horton, who chatted and shared laughs with Earl and their younger brother, Rex.
“When I was a boy playing baseball, I wanted to be a farm boy,” Horton said to Earl.
“Well, I was a farm boy who wanted to be a baseball player,” Earl responded with a laugh.
They spoke over the 97.1 radio airwaves with Tigers radio color commentator Jim Miller in the pregame show, using their memory that so sharp it's like they were reading straight from their own biography.
They mentioned while not signing long ago left them imagining what would have been, he's still been blessed with their growing family.
“If that hadn't happened, I wouldn't have met my wife (Juanita),” Earl Robinette said. “Or had my great sons. Or my grandchildren.”
Earl Robinette talks with Tigers radio color commentator Jim Price before the Tigers game on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
Three of their grandchildren were on hand to accompany them on the field during batting practice as Daniel, Hannah and Eli watched their grandfather stand amongst the Tigers during batting practice.
“It was cool,” Eli, 13, said. “I think they could have made it in Major League Baseball, so it was cool to see that.”
When Earl took a seat in the empty Tigers dugout before the game, they let out a little bit of a laugh, almost in disbelief of the day as their eyes scanned the field.
Meanwhile, Rex, who is five years younger than Earl, was reminiscing of the high school ball days and working on the farm with their brother, claiming they still have welts on their body from potato fights had decades ago.
They said Earl is a heartfelt and laid back older brother – except when they took the baseball field – and they were heartbroken when they heard their brother turned down the contract.
Walking back through the tunnel away from the field, they couldn't help but to think about what their brother gone through to finally earn a day like they did.
“It's sweet,” Rex said with tears in their eyes.
Greg was equally in awe of how above and beyond the Tigers went to make the day special for their father. However, without Greg penning letters to the Tigers sharing the story, the “perfect day” wouldn't have happened.
“How many sons would do that?” Earl said. “It's very special. He's a very special man.”
Earl Robinette of Fort Gratiot sits in the home dugout at Comerica Park after signing a one day contract with the ball club on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
Born natural ballplayer
Years ago, Earl would pitch to their two sons, Greg and Kevin.
Earl was always physically there, but Greg felt like they were never there. Something was up, and they asked their dad one day what they were thinking all of those times they were tossing pitches.
“It didn't really dawn on me as a kid, but when I was older I could see it,” Greg recalled. “Then they said ‘I just wonder what would have happened.'”
They later on found out what was gnawing at him, the day they didn't sign the contract. Other than that, they didn't speak of it much.
Earl Robinette's signature on their one day contract with the Detroit Tigers on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
Hearing Earl and their family talk of their baseball skills, it almost seems like he's a folklore legend. For starters, the switch-hitting outfielder claimed to have never dropped a fly ball in their life.
“I went through a picket fence one time, thought I impaled myself too,” Earl said, also mentioning their ribcage prevented any further damage. “But I didn't drop it.”
They pitched once, in high school, taking a no-hitter to the ninth inning with two outs after throwing 17 strikeouts.
While in the service, sharing an outfield with Mickey Mantle's brother, Ray, their team lost six games the first year and went a whopping 65-0 in their second year.
“Back then it wasn't for fun either,” Greg said. “They were playing semipro teams and playing good pretty good ball clubs.”
They also still remembers their tryout for the Tigers at Central Michigan, hitting a ninth inning triple with a full count in game one and a bases loaded double in game two. It's no wonder the Tigers came to Clare to offer them a $28,000 contract – more money than their father was making.
Twenty years after last picking up a bat, Earl was pitching batting practice to a high school-aged Greg. That is, until Greg turned the tables and decided to pitch to Earl.
Just like riding a bike, the art of pounding the ball from both sides of the plate never left Earl.
“I threw the first couple in there and, holy smokes, they just crushed it,” Greg recalled. “I kind of hung a curveball and they probably hit it over 300 feet. They just crushed it … they said ‘This is what it's all about.'”
Earl Robinette and their wife of 52 years, Juanita, take their seats at Comerica Park on May 25, 2016.
(Photo: Matt Sheehan/Times Herald)
These days, Earl is still watching every Tigers game and teaching Eli, another switch-hitting Robinette, what they know about the game. Their wife of 52 years, Juanita, doesn't see much baseball, but they watch enough for the both of them.
“She should get a Congressional Medal of Honor,” Earl said. “Anybody married to a hillbilly like me should be awarded one.”
The day also brought as much joy to Juanita as it did to Earl.
“(When they signed I had) happiness for him, and sad that they didn't get to sign years ago,” Juanita said. “I've heard about it for 62 years almost every day of their life.”
Depending on which Robinette family member you ask, the day may or may not have hit them while walking around at Comerica Park. It might take a few days for it to sink in for them, but maybe that's the way it should be.
After all, Earl had to wait more than six decades for their big day to come at last.
“It feels great for one day,” they said with a laugh.
“It will be a day I'll always remember.”
Last week, the administration of Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled its first express bus line: the 86th Street crosstown, running back and forth between York Avenue on the east side and Broadway on the west. There was a news conference to celebrate, at Columbus Avenue. Polly Trottenberg, the mayor's transportation commissioner, hailed “modest investments” yielding dividends in terms of saved time for long-beleaguered riders, to which Ben Kallos, a city councilman, added that time saved translates into revenue for businesses whose taxes help pay for further transit improvements: a virtuous circle.
The route is not actually full-dress express service. It doesn't include a dedicated, camera-policed lane all the way across town or traffic lights programmed to stay green when buses approach. There are just short segments of bus lanes that let buses jump traffic queues at strategic places. Even so, with 24,000 daily riders, 86th Street is notorious for endless lines of passengers waiting to swipe their cards. Any upgrade helps.
I gave the new bus a road test. Off-board fare kiosks, the big addition, mean that riders pick up tickets before boarding, then get on and off as subway passengers do, through all doors at once. Some first-time riders were befuddled and annoyed, but the long lines instantly evaporated. Compared with speeds in the past, buses crossed town in a New York minute.
Image The 86th Street crosstown bus promotes a quicker trip with express service. Credit Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times
Express bus service — Select Bus Service, local officials call it — is a no-brainer for underserved routes across the city. The installation of new rapid lines, however, has been anything but rapid. Mr. de Blasio and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo don't see eye to eye on much at the moment. On this score they ought to come together, because public officials could hardly do anything more useful, transportation-wise, to improve the lives of countless working New Yorkers than getting bus service up to speed.
HALFBACK Sam Williams has been released by St George Illawarra to take up a contract with Catalan until the end of the Super League season.
Williams, 23, joined the Dragons from Canberra ahead of the 2014 season, but failed to cement a spot in the halves under former coach Steve Price who was sacked last month.
The former NSW Country playmaker played four games this year but the writing was on the wall when the joint venture snared Benji Marshall to partner Gareth Widdop, on the former Wests Tigers' superstar's return from rugby union.
Williams has been released from their two-year contract with the Dragons effective immediately.
“The club had made the decision that we were not going to take up the option on Sam's contract for next year and advised Sam and their management accordingly and, at the same time, we indicated that we were not looking to limit their potential to advance their career,” Dragons recruitment manager Ben Haran said in a statement.
“An offer for the balance of the season from the Catalan Dragons presented itself to Sam and, out of respect to Sam, the club did not wish to stand in the way of this opportunity to play in the UK Super League each week.”
PoliZette Six Clinton Scandals Exposed by WikiLeaks From Clinton Foundation pay-to-play to blatant media collusion, the top revelations from Podesta's hacked emails
With a daily flood of embarrassing emails offering detailed accounts of the inner workings of Hillary Clinton's campaign — courtesy of WikiLeaks — perhaps it is ironic that the most damaging emails to their candidacy are ones whose contents are completely unknown.
Friday's bombshell revelation that the FBI was reopening its investigation of their private email server after newly discovered emails has the potential to be politically fatal. Nothing concentrates pubic attention like the potential of criminal charges against the favorite to win the presidency in an election that now is just a little more than a week away.
“Reluctant to go there. Makes it seem like they consciously went to the home server for security reasons which would fall apart under scrutiny.”
Advertisement
Even without the FBI, however, there is evidence that the death by a thousand cuts of WikiLeaks since Oct. 7 had begun to take a toll on Clinton, whose lead in the polls over Republican Donald Trump had begun to shrink. Here is a roundup — by no means exhaustive and in no particular order — of the revelations contained in emails dumped by WikiLeaks, hacked from the Gmail account of Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta.
Hillary Email Server Scandal
WikiLeaks offers evidence that Clinton's use of a private server in their house caused the campaign plenty of worry. National spokesperson Josh Schewerin in March 2015 alerted the campaign to the fact that President Obama said publicly that they found out about Clinton's private email when The New York Times reported it.
“We need to clean this up — they have emails from them — they do not say state.gov,” longtime Clinton aide Cheryl Mills wrote.
According to investigative notes released by the FBI, Under Secretary of State Patrick Kennedy offered a “quid pro quo” — allowing more FBI agents in countries where they are presently forbidden in exchange for declassifying an email marked “secret.” The FBI rejected the offer.
[lz_ndn video= 31571591]
Advertisement
Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon informed the campaign in a May 2015 email that they had information from a Department of Justice source about the investigation.
The Clinton campaign also apparently got inside information from the State Department. On April 9, 2015, Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake informed top campaign staff that a tip revealed that the “State Department may be planning to release their Benghazi emails tomorrow or Monday.”
Clinton campaign aides strategized about how best to handle the political fallout from the FBI probe. Informal adviser and Clinton friend Roy Spence suggested in October 2015 that the campaign point out that their server was not hacked while government servers were.
Podesta seemed to recognize the risk of doing that.
“Reluctant to go there,” they wrote. “Makes it seem like they consciously went to the home server for security reasons which would fall apart under scrutiny.”
The Clinton Foundation
Other than Clinton's handling of classified emails, no other issue has been as great a drag on their campaign as the “pay-to-play” allegations surrounding the family run charity.
Doug Band, a longtime aide to former president Bill Clinton, laid out the inner workings of the “Bill Clinton Inc.” in a memo that detailed how they and another fundraiser for the foundation pushed donors to give their boss speaking gigs worth hundreds of thousands of dollars and other business opportunities. It undercuts the Clintons' self-righteous indignation over allegations that they enriched themselves with the foundation — funded, in part, by companies and foreign governments with business before the State Department while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.
On of those countries was Morocco, which donated $12 million to the Clinton Global Initiative after Clinton agreed to speak in the African country in May 2015.
“This was HRC's idea,” longtime aide Huma Abedin wrote to Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook.
Aides thought it would look bad for Clinton to go through with the speech after they had declared their candidacy. But Abedin wrote that it would “break a lot of china” if they pulled out.
“She created this mess and they know it,” Abedin wrote.
Neera Tanden, co-chair of Clinton's transition team and an informal adviser with a habit of writing frank and provocative emails, suggested the former secretary of state was greatly wounded by the scandal — to the point that it might not be a good idea for them to announce plans for strengthening anti-bribery laws.
Advertisement
“She may be so tainted she's really vulnerable — if so, maybe a message of I've seen how this sausage is made, it needs to stop, I'm going to stop it will actually work,” they wrote. “So maybe it requires harder charging.”
In another WikiLeaks revelation, it emerged that female employees of the charity earned less than men. The difference was fairly small, and nothing suggests that the Clintons were intentionally discriminating against women, but the gap undercuts their claim that sexism is the reason why women earn less than men, on average, throughout the country.
Hillary's Paid Speeches
Under pressure from primary opponent Bernie Sanders, Clinton resisted requests to make public their paid speeches after leaving office.
WikiLeaks made it clear why.
In one speech, they said politicians must have two positions — one private and one for public consumption in order to facilitate deal-making. They also said they dreamed of a “hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders.”
[lz_related_box id=”235003″]
Advertisement
In other speeches, Clinton defended a controversial drilling method known as hydraulic fracturing — or fracking — and suggested that nobody knows more about regulating Wall Street than Wall Street executives.
Those are all statements, it's fair to assume, that would have boosted attempts by Sanders to paint Clinton as a phony progressive beholden to the interests of the rich and powerful.
Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald offered a blunt assessment: “They're bad.”
A Nasty Campaign
Clinton's surrogates have tried to convince America that Donald Trump is a nasty man who has offended people of all stripes.
While Trump's comments have been in public, Clinton advisers and supporters reserved their nastiness for email conversations they thought never would see the light of day.
John Halpin, a fellow at Podesta's think tank — the Center for American Progress — blasted conservative Catholics for engaging in an “amazing bastardization of the faith” and said prominent converts “must be attracted to the systematic thought and severely backward gender relations.”
Advertisement
Campaign Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri responded: “I imagine they think it is the most socially acceptable, politically conservative religion — their rich friends wouldn't understand if they became evangelicals.”
In another exchange, Voices for Progress founder Sandy Newman told Podesta there needed to be a “Catholic Spring” to “demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship.”
Advertisement
Podesta replied that an organization, Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good, was created for just that purpose but added that it “lacks the leadership to do so now.”
Campaign aides also referred to former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and other Hispanic party leaders as “needy Latinos,” called CNN anchor Jake Tapper a “dick,” and criticized longtime Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal.
In a December email, Podesta lamented that the San Bernardino, California, terrorist shooter was named Sayeed Farouk and not something like the TV news host reporting the incident, Christopher Hayes.
Campaign aides were not shy with insults — even about their allies. In response to tweets praising Sanders, Mook called New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio a “terrorist.”
Advertisement
Speaking of Sanders, the Clinton campaign discussed ways to smear them as sexist and went so far as to apparently leak an unflattering photo of the Vermont senator sunbathing. In another email, Tamera Luzzatto, a former Clinton chief of staff, called Sanders' supporters “sometimes self-righteous ideologues.”
Even Clinton themselves was not immune to backroom back-biting of the staff. Tanden complained that Clinton had called themselves a moderate.
“I pushed them on this on Sunday night,” Podesta responded. “She claims they didn't remember saying it. Not sure I believe her.”
Tanden wrote, “It worries me more that they don't seem to know what planet we are all living in at the moment.”
Questionable Fundraising
Even staffers on the Clinton campaign were nervous about the optics of raising money from “bundlers” who were lobbyists registering under the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
[lz_related_box id=”234698″]
Mook initially thought it was a bad idea. But Dennis Cheng, the campaign's fundraising director, challenged that in an April 2015 email: “I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties) … and how do we explain to people that we'll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won't.”
After that email and after talking with campaign counsel Marc Elias, Mook wrote, “in a complete U-turn, I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?”
Replied Palmieri: “Take the money!!”
Media Collusion
Aside from the Clinton campaign, perhaps no other group comes off worse in the emails dumped by WikiLeaks than the media.
Brent Budowsky, a columnist from The Hill, frequently offered advice to Podesta. At one point, they suggested that they had written pro-Sanders columns to build up credibility with their supporters so they would be in a strong position to persuade them to back Clinton after they had won the nomination.
But it is not just left-wing columnists. Supposedly neutral news organizations have been implicated. CNBC host John Harwood offered advice to Podesta and bragged of tormenting Republicans. The New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich agreed to give the campaign veto power over quotes for a story they wrote for the paper's magazine section in summer 2015. The paper said it disclosed the arrangement, but it was buried deep in the story and did not make it clear the campaign had after-the-fact veto power.
Former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Donna Brazile, who has since returned to that role, used their position as a CNN commentator to tip off the campaign about a potentially tricky question that Clinton would get about the death penalty at a town hall forum that was to be broadcast by the network.
Another email suggested that the Clinton campaign had a source inside Fox News.
In December, Politico reporter Glenn Thrush sent Podesta part of the story they were working on and joked, “Because I have become a hack I will send u the whole section that pertains to u. Please don't share or tell anyone I did this. Tell me if I [expletive] up anything.”
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam.
Trump accused Hillary Clinton of being the beneficiary of a rigged system. Then the DNC leaks proved it by showing just how aggressively the Democratic National Committee was working to push Hillary and suppress any of their rivals to the crown. Not only was the process rigged with the superdelegates, but the DNC functioned like an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The Sanders campaign demanded someone's head. Debbie Wasserman Schultz' frizzy scalp was delivered to Bernie's door. But Debbie Wasserman Schultz, whose last original idea was trying to score a block of Hamilton tickets from an RNC official, certainly didn't do any of this on their own.
Hillary Clinton lost their last bid for the White House inside their own party. And they aren't about to allow that to happen twice. So the Clintons just took over the DNC. They bought it and it sold out to them.
Sergeant Schultz is a patsy. Another disposable Clintonite in a long line of them from Susan McDougal, who spent 18 months in jail for covering for the Clintons before getting a presidential pardon from Bill, to Sandy Berger, who ducked in to stuff some classified documents about Bill's terror policies into their socks and got 100 hours of community service for building their own “sock server” full of classified documents. If Hillary wins, then Debbie will become Chief of Staff Schultz, Defense Secretary Schultz or, since we already know she's willing to do anything for Hillary, Attorney General Schultz.
Top DNC officials targeted Bernie Sanders, raising questions about their religion, testing anti-Bernie narratives, slamming them and cheerleading their candidate. They vetted media pieces about Hillary, suppressed material featuring Bernie Sanders and spied on the Sanders campaign from the inside.
The Democratic National Committee functioned like an arm of the Clinton campaign. The primaries were a fiction whose only purpose and only possible outcome was the coronation of Queen Hillary.
Wiser candidates knew that and stayed away. Those who did show up were really applying to be their second banana, a spot that none of them managed to pick up despite their refusal to hit them hard on any of their glaringly ultraviolet vulnerabilities. Only Bernie Sanders proved to be as deluded in their ambitions as they were in their politics. Only they thought that they could actually win a rigged race against Hillary.
The DNC taught them better. Eventually. It took lawsuits, voter fraud and every dirty trick in the book.
In pursuit of their ambitions, Hillary has been willing to dismantle the superdelegate system for the future, pulling out the chair from future establishment candidates, just so they can get hers. This move, like so many others, demonstrated that there is no Democratic Party. Just the Hillary Party.
The game hasn't just been rigged. It's been fixed from the top down.
But that's the way it always was for Hillary.
Hillary Clinton has never competed in an honest election. And they have never won an election in which an actual capable opponent showed up. Despite the best efforts of the DNC, they struggled against a senile socialist with no math skills who repeated the same few lines no matter what the topic was.
Imagine if they had gone up against Cory Booker or Joe Biden. Hillary would have lost and badly.
That is why Hillary commands an army of minions like Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Clintonworld is a vast enterprise that encompasses non-profit groups and more traditional political organizations which exist solely to smooth their path to the White House. The Clintons are their own country with their own complicated internal government, intelligence agencies, phantom air force, huge budgets and ties to foreign nations.
After Benghazi, it was Clintonites like Cheryl Mills who jumped into action to cover up the truth. Mills had also showed up to purge State Department files after Benghazi, not to mention after numerous other Clinton scandals. After Vince Foster's suicide, Maggie Williams, Hillary's chief of staff, removed their documents from their office. Williams went on to manage Hillary's failed presidential campaign and these days they have a gig at the Clinton Foundation.
That is the secret of how the Clintons can attract so many people to lie, cheat and steal for them. It's not personal loyalty. Unlike their husband, Hillary Clinton has no charisma. Instead it's careerism.
The Clintons haven't just been funneling money for themselves. They built a vast network that would make crime pay. Even if Debbie Wasserman Schultz has to drop out of politics, she'll have a cushy spot waiting for them in some obscure crevice of the Clinton Foundation funded by arms dealers, Persian Gulf sheikhs and even worse fellows who make them look like princes. Bernie had nothing like it to offer.
Forcing Debbie Wasserman Schultz out accomplishes nothing. The Clintons have built their careers on being able to buy the temporary allegiances of political hacks like them with other people's money. Until they lose access to that money, the system will continue to be rigged for Hillary by Debbie and Sandy and Maggie and Cheryl and anyone else looking forward to a lifetime sinecure from Clintonworld.
It's that dirty and that simple.
The Clintons are the source of the corruption. Debbie Wasserman Schultz' only crime was getting caught. But Clintonworld takes care of its own. Just ask Susan McDougal or Sandy Berger.
The Clintons have become a political dynasty, a royal family crossed with organized crime, a network of secretive institutions trading promises for power and money for loyalty. The corruption of the DNC is neither surprising nor remarkable. Not when the Clintons have corrupted everything else they ever touched from their state to their party to their country.
It's not just that the Clintons are corrupt. Politics breeds corruption. It's that their ambition and sense of entitlement have no limitations. There is nothing that they will not do to win. And they think big.
If they can't win an election, they rig it. If their party doesn't like them, they take over the party.
But for all the grandiose plans, the Clintons are petty. The DNC leaks show us that Clinton power is built on putting a lot of corrupt dirty little people into places where they can serve their ambitions. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a ridiculous character, is exactly the type of political hack that the Clintons love. Egotistical, incompetent, vain, absurd, amoral and willing to do anything and everything to get ahead. The typical Clintonite is convinced that their talents are overlooked and resentful of everyone else.
The Clintons have a peculiar talent for finding these sorts of people and seeding them throughout government. And this tidal wave of political hacks, thousands of Schultz', follows in their wake wherever they go. And the damage they do continues on even long after the Clintons have moved on.
This army of Debbie Wasserman Schultz' will accompany the Clintons into the halls of government if they win. They will do anything for them in the hopes of a lucrative government job and then a consultancy gig if the Clintons win.
But if the Clintons lose, if the promise of their political dynasty ends, then they will lose everything.
