President Trump on Monday welcomed the leader of Egypt to the White House for the first time in eight years, pledging close cooperation with Abdel Fatah al-Sissi on counterterrorism operations and praising their leadership of the Middle Eastern nation.
“I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President al-Sissi,” Trump said, sitting next to their counterpart in the Oval Office. “He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation. We are very much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt. . . . We have strong backing.”
Sissi's arrival at the White House marked a reversal of U.S. policy after President Barack Obama refused to invite him, because of concerns about human rights violations.
Trump and their aides did not mention human rights ahead of Sissi's visit, suggesting that the issue would be raised in private, if at all. Instead, Trump and Sissi appeared focused on security, and they sought to demonstrate warmth, shaking hands during their brief remarks to reporters.
“The president made it clear this is a new day in the relationship between Egypt and the United States,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said.
Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi and President Trump met on April 3 in Washington. (AP)
During a later meeting between the presidents and their senior aides, Trump said the day's work went well.
“We've made great progress today with Egypt, really great progress,” they said.
The White House summit marked the first of several high-profile encounters for Sissi in Washington during a six-day visit that includes meetings with congressional and business leaders and with International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde. Sissi also is expected to meet with King Abdullah of Jordan, who will visit Trump at the White House on Wednesday.
In their remarks in the Oval Office, Trump recalled their first meeting in September during the presidential campaign, a get-to-know-you conversation that they said ran well over the planned time as they struck up a personal connection.
“We agree on so many things,” Trump said. They added that Sissi also met with their Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. “Hopefully, you liked me a lot more,” Trump said.
The last time an Egyptian leader visited the White House was in August 2009 when Hosni Mubarak met with Obama in the Oval Office. Mubarak resigned in 2011 during the mass protests in Cairo and other cities associated with the Arab Spring uprisings.
Through an interpreter, Sissi told Trump that they have a “deep appreciation and admiration of your unique personality, especially your standing very strongly in the counterterrorism field.”
Egypt is battling an Islamic State affiliate in its northern Sinai Peninsula and exerts regional influence in numerous crises where the United States is engaged, including the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the wars in Syria, Libya and Yemen.
Sissi referred to an “evil ideology that is claiming innocent lives” and said the United States will find “Egypt and myself always beside you in bringing about effective strategies in counterterrorism.”
Ahead of the summit, the White House was criticized by human rights groups because of its refusal to publicly challenge Sissi over the case of Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian American humanitarian worker from Falls Church, Va., who has been incarcerated by the Egyptian regime for nearly three years. They have been accused of abusing children they were seeking to help through their nonprofit organization — charges that are widely considered false.
“We are alarmed by the repeated delays in the trial and verdict for Ms. Hijazi,” a bipartisan group of senators, led by Tim Kaine (D-Va.), wrote in a letter to Trump on Monday. “She has been unjustly imprisoned since May 2014 and held on unsubstantiated charges related to their nonprofit's efforts to educate and rehabilitate street children.”
Trump did not mention them during their remarks.
The president used the occasion to tout their efforts to ramp up military spending, including “plane orders, ship orders, aircraft carrier orders.”
They said their administration will “rejuvenate our military to a higher level. In these times, more than ever before . . . that's what we need.”
ONTAP 9 is on a new cadence model, which brings a new release every 6 months. In May, we saw ONTAP 9.2RC1 release. Today, ONTAP 9.2GA is available here!
http://mysupport.netapp.com/NOW/download/software/ontap/9.2
Feature highlights
I cover the new stuff in a bit more depth in the ONTAP 9.2RC1 blog post, but here's a short list of the new features in ONTAP 9.2GA:
Aggregate inline deduplication
FabricPools
QoS Minimums
ONTAP Select enhancements (2 node HA, iSCSI LUN support, ESX ROBO license)
Simplification and usability enhancements
800TB aggregates
ADPv2 for FAS
NetApp Volume Encryption on FlexGroup volumes
Generally, there are no feature changes between an RC and a GA release, but for 9.2, FabricPools add support for tiering from a SnapMirror destination volume in 9.2GA.
So there you have it! The latest release of ONTAP! Post your thoughts or questions in the comments below!
Advertisements
Organisers say 7pm finishes will help crowds disperse before dark, when police believe trouble is most likely to occur
The Notting Hill carnival will go ahead this year, but will close early each night amid heightened fears of trouble after last week's riots.
The Metropolitan police's acting commissioner, Tim Godwin, testifying before the home affairs committee, said: "I want it to go ahead."
A formal decision is expected to be made on Thursday after organisers meet the police. So far no council or police chief has told carnival organisers they want it cancelled.
The number of letters to Kensington and Chelsea council calling for the carnival in west London to be scrapped is understood to be roughly the same number as every year.
Police will be out in force at the two-day event over the August bank holiday weekend. It is a showcase for African-Caribbean culture and can attract crowds of one million people.
Carnival organisers have decided the parade of floats will finish by 6.30pm, and the static sound systems by 7pm, earlier than usual.
The aim is to finish so that crowds of people have dispersed by the time it gets dark, which is believed by police to be the time when trouble is most likely to occur.
The other reason for the earlier finish is that parents may keep youngsters taking part in the carnival away, fearing an increased chance of trouble.
In a statement, the carnival organising committee said it would continue "to assess the severity of the impact the riots may potentially have on Notting Hill carnival 2011 and to discuss measures that will be put in place to avoid any untoward incidents".
Introduction
If you have been in IT for while, you are probably aware about how power is important for your Datacenter.
I'm not sure about how many times I've read or been told that power is the number one cost in a modern datacenter today, but it has been a frequent refrain. Thanks to virtualization that helped us throughout the years to consolidate and reduce power cost. Power is absolutely the fastest growing operational costs of a high-scale service.
Redundancy is critical for every organization. For example, using two power supplies into a server or a Raid system for storage will generally provide enough time for the component to be replaced. This is what known “N+1” approach. However, for systems where failure is just not acceptable, then an “N+M” approach (having more than one extra component in place) may be used.
Within the Datacenter itself, the use of more modular uninterruptible power supplies (UPSs), power filters, generators and air-conditioning with in-built N+1 redundant power supplies, batteries and so on can also be used to increase redundancy and protect your servers.
What about room failure? This would also require building two datacenters within the same building or in different city with the facility services being mirrored across each as N+1 power distribution networks, UPSs, cooling systems and so on. This is, by its very nature, far too expensive.
And the list goes on and on…
Fault Tolerance
We recently deployed a 4-Nodes Storage Spaces Direct using the Hyper-Converged model.
For more information about Storage Spaces Direct (S2D) in Windows Server 2016, please check the overview here.
This technology is really awesome in terms of simplicity, performance, fault tolerance, efficiency, manageability and much more.
We are so happy with the results and the performance we get out of 4-Nodes is fantastic.
With four servers we can tolerate up to 2 faults. Here is an example of the six different circumstances in which the system stays online.
1. One drive lost (includes cache drives).
2. One server lost.
3. One server and one drive lost.
4. Two servers lost.
5. Two drives lost in different servers.
6. More than two drives lost, in condition that maximum two servers are affected. In other words, if two drives are lost on “Server 1” and two other drives are lost on “Server 3”, the system stays online.
In every case of the six different scenarios above, all volumes will stay online, in condition that your cluster maintains quorum!
So as you can see, with four servers we have a fairly good fault-tolerant.
Expect The Unexpected
The million-dollar question is what if all servers goes down!!!
Is there really a thing like 3am wake-up call to fix a system?
Well, I received that call from one of my colleague that the Storage Spaces Direct cluster is not turning on.
Long story short, we encountered a big sparkle at one of our datacenter and everything tripped down. Half of the power source for the servers is connected to the main power and half to the UPS. The electric sparkle burned the PDUs in the Rack and the power supplies for all servers.
Yes, I know it's a bad situation to be in… and redundant power supplies won't even help in this scenario
We waited until the next day to receive the new power supplies and replaced them.
After replacing the power supplies, we brought all the nodes up at the same time and guess what?
Storage Spaces Direct sustains this failure and we were able to recover. The system came back to normal state, and the resync took around 25 minutes to complete.
Zero Data Loss!!!
I would like to add an additional example to the list mentioned earlier.
7. If all Servers goes down, as if someone removes the power cable, Storage Spaces Direct will recover from complete power loss. (This is my own experience, it's not supported by Microsoft).
Kudos to Storage Spaces Direct Team!!!
Please note that Resilient File System (ReFS) is Microsoft's newest file system is recommended to be used with Storage Spaces Direct. ReFS is designed to maximize data availability, scale efficiently to large data sets across diverse workloads, and provide data integrity by means of resiliency to corruption.
Lessons Learned
Is your Disaster Recovery Plan updated and maintained? What about your backup? Are you using Storage Spaces Direct? I strongly recommend you to start evaluating this awesome technology if you're not doing so already.
The businesses today demand greater availability from their infrastructure. To achieve high uptime, even highly unlikely occurrences such as power failures, rack outages, or natural disasters must be protected against.
For example, to be rack fault tolerant, your servers and your data must be distributed across multiple racks. Look at fault domain awareness in Storage Spaces Direct, which uses fault domains to maximize data safety.
For more information about fault domains in Windows Server 2016, please check the overview here.
Storage Spaces Direct (S2D) and Storage Replica (SR) are better together, look at how you can you achieve maximum protection by combining these technologies together. More information about Storage Replica in Windows Server 2016 here.
A big thank you to all my fellow MVPs and Microsoft product group who offer their support during this outage.
Hope my real experience will help someone out there.
Thanks for reading!
[email protected]
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Depending on the source, the original title of the Beach Boys' “Pet Sounds” was either “Remember the Zoo” or “Our Freaky Friends.” Whatever the name, there is no debate about where this landmark album's cover photo was taken (the San Diego Zoo in Balboa Park) or when (February 1966).
“I can't remember who came up with the idea,” Beach Boys' mastermind Brian Wilson said, speaking recently from Los Angeles. “ I think I did.”
Not so, contends fellow Beach Boys' alum Al Jardine, who is now on the road with Wilson for the “Pet Sounds 50th Anniversary World Tour.” Jardine credits — make that, blames — the art department at the band's record company, Capitol, for selecting the zoo.
“The animals we posed with at the zoo had at us, because they were used to people feeding them,” Jardine said, speaking from their Big Sur home. “The goats were the most aggressive and that's why that big white goat in the cover photo was in my face while I was feeding it. We were thrown into the thing, pretty much.”
The specific location was the children's petting zoo. On the album's cover photograph, taken by George Jerman, the five Beach Boys are shown feeding five goats. The animals appear to be enthusiastic, while most of the band members seem wary.
“I was always under the impression ‘Pet Sounds' was about romance and unrequited love,” Jardine said with a laugh. “And here we were, at this zoo in San Diego, posing for the album cover with goats. It was a little bit at cross-purposes!”
Why the confusion?
“Obviously, the photo department at Capitol hadn't listened to the album and thought it was about animals,” they replied. “I don't think they even put a needle to the groove of the record. Plus, we have a beautiful zoo in Los Angeles. What the hell were we doing in San Diego? It was kind of a weird day.”
The photo shoot with the goats lasted “about half an hour,” according to Wilson. More photos were taken elsewhere in the zoo, but only the petting zoo shot made the final cut for the cover.
Did any of the goats attempt to bite any of the Beach Boys?
“No, they weren't trying to bite anybody,” Wilson replied. “We were feeding them apples. We held them out and they took them out of our hands.”
As is often the case, memories differ.
Then-new Beach Boy Bruce Johnston was at the zoo, but could not be included the cover photo because of contractual reasons. They were critical of the animals' wild and woolly behavior.
“The goats were horrible!” Johnston told an interviewer, several decades after the photo shoot. “They (would) jump all over you and bite. One of them ate my radio. The zoo said we were torturing the animals, but they should have seen what we had to go through. We were doing all the suffering.”
Zoo officials may have stopped short of using the word “torture,” but the Beach Boys reportedly did not endear themselves during their visit.
At least they didn't, according to a Feb. 13, 1966, column in the San Diego Union by Frank Rhoades, who apparently was not a big fan of rock bands in general or the Beach Boys specifically. Here's what they wrote:
The Beach Boys, American counterpart of Britain's Beatles, gave the San Diego Zoo a very bad time. ... The six millionaire-musicians (including one fill-in) came down from Hollywood to take a cover picture for their forthcoming album, ‘Our Freaky Friends.'
Before they left, said zoo public relations director Bill Seaton, the caged animals were “about to crack up.” ... Zoo officials were not keen about having their beloved beasts connected with the title of the album, but gave in when the Beach Boys explained that animals are an ‘in' thing with teenagers. And that the Beach Boys were rushing to beat the rock 'n' roll group called ‘The Animals.' ...
The Beach Boys, ‘two with long Beatle hair and all wearing funny boots,' arrived with an art director, a cameraman and four girls, Seaton said. After posing with a baby elephant and a baby gorilla, the boys went on a tour of the zoo ...
“First off,” Seaton said, “one of them bounced a carrot off the head of one of our tigers. Another tried to stick the head of a little antelope through some iron bars. Then they went around handling puppies and baby chicks, putting them down in the open and walking off.
“A few young girls who saw the Beach Boys acting like this were certainly disillusioned. The cameraman and the art director were awfully nice guys, but things just got out of hand and they couldn't control the situation.”
The zoo superintendent, John Muth, an ex-Marine sergeant major, said the Beach Boys are not welcome back and never will be.
Thus concluded Rhoades' story, along with Brian Wilson's affinity for the San Diego Zoo.
“Have I ever been back? No,” they said. “Never again.”
“We were not prepared to say anything until all the family had heard,” said Allison Gollust, an NBC News spokesperson. “The last thing we wanted to do was to have the family discover this on the air.” They said NBC had asked the other networks to hold back and they readily agreed.
“Before we reported it, I remember someone saying it's on Wikipedia,” they said, which had them “flabbergasted.”
Holding back the news certainly isn't the norm for journalists. Keith Olbermann, the MSNBC host, said on their prime-time show “Countdown” that Friday: “We wanted to be sure, absolutely certain, that every member of Tim's family who needed to be told in person in private had that opportunity, was given that small piece of grace today. Other organizations did not do that.”
Photo
For better or worse, it seems that even NBC News cannot protect the family of one of its own in that way.
Looking at the detailed records of editing changes recorded by Wikipedia, it quickly emerged that the changes came from Internet Broadcasting Services, a company in St. Paul, Minn., that provides Web services to a variety of companies, including local NBC TV stations.
An I.B.S. spokesperson said on Friday that “a junior-level employee made updates to the Wikipedia page upon learning of Mr. Russert's passing, thinking it was public record.” They added that the company had “taken the necessary measures with the employee and apologized to NBC.” NBC News said it was told the employee was fired.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The instinct of the junior-level employee, presumably, was to correct the record on Wikipedia and share knowledge with the wider world. That flash of idealism was very brief; 11 minutes later, according to Wikipedia records, someone at another Internet Broadcasting computer deleted the date of death and turned all the past tenses back to present tenses. Only minutes later, of course, none of this would matter.
With the spread of online outlets like blogs and MySpace pages and citizen journalists, it can be easily forgotten that the only thing that the Internet cannot guarantee you is an interested audience.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Online journalists like Matt Drudge and Perez Hilton rely on the fact that their scoops will be read by influential members of the news media. But for the other self-made reporters out there, collective enterprises like Wikipedia, which allows anyone to make an edit, or the liberal blog DailyKos, which allows any registered user to post a diary, offer a rare chance to speak to a large audience.
In the case of Wikipedia, this is emphatically not what the site was meant to do. One of the principles of the site is No Original Research — every fact must have appeared somewhere reputable before it can be repeated. (This cause can seem an obsession as stickler editors patrol the site flagging unattributed facts with the label “citation needed.”)
Yet, time and again Wikipedia has been the place where news has broken, usually from anonymous writers who report a death on a person's article page, like that of the feminist writer Andrea Dworkin in 2005, or, a year later, the killing of the film director and actor Adrienne Shelley in Greenwich Village.
The lesson seems to be this: as long as there is news, people will try to share it. And new technology promises to turn the process into a tide that can swallow us up, good intentions and all.
Pro-Russian supporters stand in their camp near the seized office of the SBU state security service in Luhansk, eastern Ukraine April 25, 2014. REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO has seen no sign that tens of thousands of Russian troops are withdrawing from close to the Ukraine border, a NATO official said on Tuesday, despite a Russian statement that the troops had returned to their permanent positions.
Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu told U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in a phone call on Monday that Russian forces, which started drills near the border last week, had returned to their permanent positions, according to the Russian government.
“We currently have no information that indicates a withdrawal of Russian troops from the Ukrainian border. We continue to urge Russia to abide by the Geneva agreement and to pull back all its troops along the Ukrainian border in favour of diplomacy and dialogue,” a NATO official told Reuters, asked about Shoigu's assertion.
THURSDAY: Nova has chosen to have the TJ procedure, tweets Feinsand.
TUESDAY: The Yankees announced that Nova's second exam confirmed that they have a partially torn UCL, and that Ahmad has recommended surgery.
MONDAY: The Tommy John epidemic that is sweeping Major League Baseball looks to have another victim, as Yankees right-hander Ivan Nova learned after an MRI this weekend that they have a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament in their right elbow, writes Mark Feinsand of the New York Daily News. Feinsand says that Nova will be re-examined today by team physician Chris Ahmad, but the very likely outcome is that Nova will be the 15th pitcher to undergo Tommy John surgery this season.
Nova was roughed up by the Rays in their start on Saturday, but they didn't feel any discomfort in their elbow until the final pitch they threw, writes Feinsand. Nova said they felt a pop on that pitch and was in denial as they were being removed from the game, not believing themselves to be seriously injured and wanting to continue pitching to spare their bullpen.
With Nova likely on the shelf through next spring, the Yankees will test their internal depth. Vidal Nuno could be the favorite to take over in the team's rotation, though other options such as David Phelps and Adam Warren are present. New York could also look to the waiver wire and continue to get by with a patchwork solution until clubs begin making more reliable arms available on the trade market this summer.
Needless to say, the resurgence of Michael Pineda is now even more impactful for the Yankees. Were it not for Pineda's health, the club would be fielding a rotation of Masahiro Tanaka, Hiroki Kuroda, a declining CC Sabathia and a pair of the asupervisorstioned internal options. Now, manager Joe Girardi tells Feinsand that they will meet with GM Brian Cashman, presumably on today's off-day, to determine which of Nuno, Phelps or Warren will step into Nova's spot.
Back in 1982, when they both published their first mystery novels, did Sue Grafton and Sara Paretsky think they were starting series that would still be charting on the bestseller lists 33 years later?
"Well, I was cheeky enough to snag the alphabet," Grafton says of their series, which began with A Is for Alibi and, this month, reached the one-letter title X. "I had high hopes and no expectations, so it's all been a jolly surprise."
Paretsky wasn't quite so brash, but they had a motive. "I was bone-ignorant about publishing, but I really wanted to create a woman who would turn the tables on all those depictions of women in crime fiction, in all fiction, where if you had a sex life you were wicked, and if you didn't you were good but you couldn't tie your shoes without adult supervision."
Having dived into writing realistic crime fiction in an era when female authors were mostly relegated to quaint cozy mysteries, if they were published at all, Grafton and Paretsky have made strikingly successful careers of it. Grafton, 75, has published 24 books about California private detective Kinsey Millhone; Paretsky, 68, is close on their heels with 17 novels about Chicago investigator V.I. Warshawski (plus two stand-alone novels).
Both of their series are international bestsellers, published in more than two dozen countries. Among many other honors, the two have been named Grand Masters by the Mystery Writers of America, and Paretsky is the organization's current president.
In phone interviews this month, both authors talked about their writing lives, Paretsky while they were in the middle of touring for their hew book, Grafton as they were preparing to go on the road for hers.
Grafton's latest, X, finds Millhone juggling the professional and personal. After the death of another PI they knew, she's tying up loose ends on some of their cases when what looks like a simple task of delivering religious mementos to a dead woman's daughter turns into a confrontation with a killer. At the same time, Millhone is dealing with a mystery woman who wants to find their adopted son, trying to mend a millionaire's marriage and protecting their debonair 90-year-old neighbor, Henry, from the predatory couple next door.
That single-letter title breaks the A Is for ... format that Grafton says they adopted from Edward Gorey's macabre 1963 book The Gashleycrumb Tinies. The new book, they say, "had lots of 'X' words in it, but I couldn't find one I liked. Then I thought, I made up this rule, so I can change it. The foreign publishers will love it, anyway," because the format doesn't necessarily translate into other languages.
In Brush Back, Paretsky's new one, Warshawski is reluctantly drawn into a case tied to their childhood on the mean streets of South Chicago — years she's not exactly eager to relive. A high school boyfriend, Frank Guzzo, wants them to find evidence exonerating their mother, Stella, in the murder of their daughter — a crime for which Stella has just finished serving 25 years in prison. Just to complicate matters, Stella detested Warshawski's late mother and hates the detective as well.
In Chicago, of course, everything is political, and this case is no exception. It also gets close to home, with Warshawski's beloved cousin Boom Boom, a pro hockey player who was also murdered years ago, somehow connected.
Hollywood and history
Both writers say they were always avid readers of mystery fiction, but they came to writing it by roundabout routes.
Grafton's father, C.W. Grafton, published mysteries, and when they were younger, "I always figured I'd try my hand at it, but I'd be old, like 30."
In the meantime, the Louisville, Ky., native wrote seven nonmystery novels and published two. "Number 7 was The Lolly-Madonna War, and I learned to write screenplays by writing a terrible movie from it," they say.
They wrote screenplays in Hollywood for 15 years. "I loved it at first. It was so glamorous, so heady. But after a while it began to wear me down. I don't work by committee. Some people do, but I'm too cranky."
They describe writing A Is for Alibi as "digging my way under a prison wall with a teaspoon, but I got the hell out."
Paretsky, who was born in Iowa and raised in Kansas, earned a Ph.D. in history from the University of Chicago. They worked for about 15 years in publicity, "writing the fiction of corporate results," then decided to try crime fiction.
Paretsky's determination to create a strong, independent female protagonist was shared by Grafton, who says, "I knew they had to be female; that's my only area of expertise. It's kept me connected to the character, in the action, in their skin."
The two are mutual fans. Paretsky says, "We started together. Sue said we must have been Siamese twins in a previous life, although I think that's a politically incorrect way to say it.
"We stopped reading each other's books at about book five or six because we were doing a lot of the same things — the old man neighbor, that kind of thing. We weren't copying each other, but we were afraid it would seep into our writing."
Setting was one important factor that didn't overlap. Millhone lives in Santa Teresa, a fictional California town based on Santa Barbara that Grafton borrowed from mystery writer Ross Macdonald's iconic Lew Archer series. By the time they left California, they say, they found it "so boring," but a few years of living in Ohio gave them distance. Now they live in Southern California part of the year. "I really like to juxtapose this gorgeous climate, the palms and the bougainvillea, with death and destruction."
For Paretsky, Warshawki's devotion to Chicago and everything from its sports teams to its ethnic restaurants is part and parcel of their nature. "She's very much shaped by historical events," Paretsky says, and by their author's avid interest in social issues like feminism, racism and political corruption.
The cellphone conundrum
Over more than three decades, the nature of a private detective's job has changed radically, Paretsky says. "In the real world of investigative work, people don't really work alone anymore. Like so many things, it's become corporate."
It has also become highly dependent on technology. "It's one of the hardest issues" in writing crime fiction, Paretsky says. "Everything is available online, so how do you keep it physical, keep suspense?
"As a reader you want the characters to be in motion. You don't want them sitting at their machines going, 'Aha!' "
But keeping that motion going can be difficult. "In one book, (Warshawski) should have been on their cellphone, but I had to invent some way they couldn't be, so I had their battery be dead. That's lame."
There's also the question of the detective's physical toughness, which becomes more acute as a series continues for years. Both Warshawski and Millhone climb walls, crawl through mud, sprint after suspects and pretty regularly get physically attacked — and fight back.
At first, Warshawski aged in real time, Paretsky says, "but if I want to keep V.I. an effective and physical person, I sort of had to slow down. So she's stopping at 50 now" instead of moving into their 60s. "It's a copout in a way and I don't like it, but it's what I'm doing."
Grafton made a decision early on that has let them avoid the problems of aging and technology: All the Millhone books are set in the 1980s. Kinsey has only aged about seven years in 24 books, with X set in 1989.
"I wanted them to be credible as someone chasing after the bad guys. I wanted them to be in good shape," Grafton says.
"I love it that they have to do their sleuthing the old-fashioned way, no cellphone, no Internet. I've had readers whine about it, 'Can't they have a cellphone?' No."
Crime fiction that does employ contemporary technology isn't always convincing, Grafton says. "Not many writers actually have hacking skills, so the detective has to have this amazing sidekick who's about 12 years old and can get into anything."
Paretsky says one of their regrets along the way is having made Warshawski an orphan. "I was slavishly following the conventions of the form. Archer, (Philip) Marlowe — if they had families, you didn't know about them. If I had kept their family alive, I would have had more opportunities for a very different dynamic."
Grafton, though, resolutely keeps Millhone a loner with limited social ties. "I don't even want them to have their very own cat, because then they have to think about should they feed the cat before they go out to chase the bad guys. Because readers will worry about that cat."
Grafton says they keep elaborate charts of crimes, victims and villains in past books "so I don't repeat myself." Paretsky says, "I can't think more than 10 pages ahead." But both say they haven't lost their interest in writing about their characters.
"I've thought maybe I should try a series with a younger character. I've written some short stories," Paretsky says. "They just don't come to life. Maybe (Warshawski) is just too integral to the way I think anymore."
They say that the late P.D. James is their role model. "She wanted to stop writing when they were 80, because they didn't want people to patronize them Thank god they came back to it."
Grafton only has two letters of the alphabet left. "I can't wait to get through it," they say. "I feel great. I do not want to write if the juice is gone. I'm going to write two more and see what it feels like."
They aren't thinking about writing other subjects. "If I wished I could, I would. Kinsey Millhone is a very jealous master. I have to serve them first."
Contact Colette Bancroft at [email protected] or (727) 893-8435. Follow @colettemb.
The Democratic Party/Mainstream Media cabal has entered the grief stage as Barack Obama is counting down their final days in office.
At least two media personalities dropped any pretense of objectivity on Friday when Matt Lauer and Andrea Mitchell both admitted on live television that a ceremony at the White House yesterday left them in tears.
After Obama gave Vice President Joe Biden the Medal of Freedom, Lauer said on “Today” that they were sitting in their apartment, reduced to tears.
“So I'm glad there were no cameras in my apartment yesterday,” Lauer said after a package ran on the ceremony, “because I was sitting there just weeping.”
They continued, “I just burst out crying when I saw that moment.”
Meanwhile, Andrea Mitchell acknowledged on MSNBC that she, too, was in tears while they were covering the Thursday event.
Referring to the ceremony, Mitchell told guest Chris Cillizza, “You know, every time I watch this I'm just watching that ceremony I was in tears. We are seeing so much dissension and disruption in Washington and around the country and to see this relationship, this partnership pretty seamless on policy, if they had disputes, they were over their, you know, little lunches and breakfasts that we didn't see.”
The LA Times is reporting that the distribution of iPads to all 640,000 students in the LA school district may be temporarily halted after high school pupils worked out how to bypass the restrictions placed on the devices. Apple announced back in June that an initial start to the rollout was worth $30M.
While the school networks block apps such as facebook while at school, a personal profile was used to limit usage of the devices when taken home. Within a week, children at Theodore Roosevelt High School had worked out that deleting this profile removed the restrictions …
NordVPN
As a temporary measure, schools have banned use of the iPads at home.
Seems to me decent evidence that the iPads are helping students develop their IT skills …
Via Engadget
Rainbow Six Siege's first DLC map could be set on a yacht that has collided with an icy tundra, judging by a new piece of concept art.
The tease appears in a video uploaded by Ubisoft Mexico last month (spotted by Reddit), and seems to show the frozen, shipwrecked yacht wedged amongst an icy cliff-face. A different image is used in the US version of the trailer, simply showing what appears to be a submarine emerging out of icy seas.
You can take a look at the full image above.
Ubisoft has yet to detail any of Rainbow Six Siege's upcoming DLC maps, but has confirmed that four are due to roll out between January and December. All of them will be free to download.
In addition, 8 new Operators from across 4 new CTUs will also be available, with the first two due to release on February 2, 2016. Again they'll be free to download, but will require a substantial amount of in-game XP to unlock. They'll also be available instantly via the game's Season Pass or for £3.99 each.
Source: reddit.com, Ubisoft Mexico
Realtree's Max-5 camo is so effective that you'll want to be careful when it comes to setting it down in the marsh - it might take you a minute to find it again. This camo finish is applied with Browing's Dura-Touch Armor Coating, an incredibly comfortable finish that feels warm to the touch on cold mornings, and provides a positive gripping surface even when it's wet.
Every feature on the Maxus is premium and well-engineered. The PowerDrive Gas System is capable of cyclying a wide range of loads and will take a good deal of the sting out of those 3 1/2” magnum goose loads. Likewise, the Lightning Trigger, with the fast trigger lock time of any autoloader trigger in its class, will improve your chances of staying on target when youre trying to reach out to those high flying honkers.
The aluminum alloy construction of the Maxus's reciever contributes to its low overall weight, something the hard core duck hunter will appreciate when you're lugging 40 decoys in a pack through thigh-deep mud and muck to your favorite spot that no one else is willing to slog to.
Getty Images
Cowboys running back Joseph Randle shared their opinion about how much the Cowboys might miss running back DeMarco Murray this week by saying that they thought Murray “left a lot of meat on the bone” on their way to a league-leading 1,845 rushing yards in 2014.
That comment made its way to Murray on Thursday, but Murray didn't fire back at Randle or try to make the case that they gnawed all the way down to the bone while carrying the ball the seventh-most times in league history last year. Instead, Murray wished Randle well in their opportunity to do a little feasting of their own behind the Cowboys offensive line.
“Hopefully they can taste some of that meat this year,” Murray said, via CSNPhilly.com. “They're a good team. Hopefully they can get a chance to run behind that line and do some good things. But I'm not worried about it. I didn't hear about it until now. It's not a big deal.”
It's a good response to Randle since Murray has no need to defend themselves for their 2014 performance. Their chief concern now should be making sure that they aren't worn down to the bone after being used so heavily last season because the Eagles will need Murray to play well to vault themselves above the Cowboys and the rest of the NFC East in 2015.
Sennheiser has announced the next step in the expansion of its facilities with Germany's first Sennheiser flagship retail store.
Guests have been invited from politics, business and entertainment to the campus and its store to try out for themselves what the audio company has to offer.
Along with the retail store, the audio company has opened up an innovation campus within the 7,000 square metre build, which aims to invite cross-functional teams to work on projects that develop and market groundbreaking audio solutions.
Dr. Andreas Sennheiser, CEO of Sennheiser commented: “With our new Innovation Campus, Sennheiser now has the biggest and most modern centre for innovation in the entire audio industry.
“We have created the space to develop innovations that are targeted even more directly at the customer. This is apparent not only in the building's architecture but also in a new way of working.
“Groundbreaking ideas are created in cross-functional, international project teams that take pioneering audio solutions all the way to the customer. And our passion for audio technology can be experienced by everyone who visits our Flagship Store.”
Visitors to the opening of the campus were treated to performances from Nik Nowak who presented their work at the interface between sculpture and sound, and Gregor Zielinsky who gave an insight into 3D audio technology, used in a recent David Bowie exhibition.
Olaf Les, Lower Saxony's Minister for Economic Affairs, Labour and Transport said: “This is an impressive new facility and I am very pleased to see this clear sign of the company's commitment to its headquarters in Wedemark.
“The sustained success of Sennheiser electronic is not down to chance, but is the result of entrepreneurial action that is alert to every change in customers' needs and in the markets and which responds to these changes wisely and courageously.
“The new Innovation Campus is Sennheiser electronic's answer to the challenges of the 21st century.”
Sennheiser recently celebrated its 70th anniversary by explaining how the company first started out.
During AMD's "New Horizons" live stream, which served as a coming out party for the Ryzen CPU, the company showcased a brand-new performance demo. It pitched a stock Intel Core i7 6900K processor—an eight-core Broadwell-E chip that retails for just shy of £1,000/$1,100—against an eight-core Ryzen CPU. Both chips were tasked with transcoding a short video clip into the "Apple TV 3" preset in Handbrake, a notoriously CPU-heavy workload that scales well across several cores. The result, according to AMD's demo, was a completion time of 54 seconds for Ryzen and 59 seconds for Broadwell-E; Ryzen was about 10 percent faster.
But the real kicker was that while the Broadwell-E chip ran with its standard boost enabled (up to 3.7GHz), the Ryzen chip was locked at its base clock of 3.4GHz. Not only did AMD claim to have caught up with Intel's multithreaded performance, it claimed to have surpassed it—and with TDP of just 95W compared to Intel's 140W.
Naturally, the Internet cried foul. Flick through the various subreddits dedicated to Zen, AMD, and Intel, and you'll find all manner of conspiracy theories about how AMD artificially capped performance on the 6900K by using a sub-par air cooler (it used the Intel-recommended part), or how there were differences in the video files used in the demo. Not all of these criticisms are without merit, of course. For example, it's not clear whether the Intel chip could have reached its full boost with all cores under heavy load. Or why not just lock the Intel chip at 3.4GHz for a straight IPC (instructions-per-clock) comparison?
Despite these concerns, AMD has shown enough of Ryzen to make it an exciting product. For the last five or so years, Intel has remained unchallenged in just about every segment of the PC market, and improvements over time have slowed to a crawl. Its latest chip, the Kaby Lake i7-7700K is an incredibly marginal upgrade over its Skylake predecessor. Even a six-year-old Sandy Bridge i7-2600K can still hold its own when overclocked.
Ryzen might just be the kick in the butt that the market needs—and thus, AMD is now working as hard as possible to convince the sceptical masses that Ryzen is more than just a tech demo, that Ryzen is a real product that will be on shelves before the end of March 2017.
Motherboards galore
To that end, AMD wheeled out its motherboard partners at CES, along with 16 of the 50 or so products that will launch alongside Ryzen. All the usual suspects are present and correct, including heavy hitters like Asus, MSI, and Gigabyte. What's most notable about the lineup is just how varied it is. AMD suffered from a lack of support with its AM3 chipset, resulting in a monolithic product line. AM4 changes that. For enthusiasts, there's X370, which brings together dual-channel DDR4, Radeon Crossfire, and Nvidia SLI support (yes, these boards are SLI certified), multiple SATA and M.2 slots, native USB 3.1 Gen 2, overclocking support, and the styling (read: gaudy l33t gamer) and build quality typical of premium motherboards.
The only nitpick with X370 is that it has only eight PCIe lanes of its own. Coupled with the 24 PCIe lanes of Ryzen—16 for graphics, four for NVMe, and four to communicate with the chipset—users have 32 lanes to work with. That's comparable with Intel's mainstream chips but lacking compared to Broadwell-E. Crossfire and SLI certainly aren't as appealing as they used to be (and if Nvidia's recent moves are anything to go by, SLI isn't long for this world ), but the rapid proliferation of PCIe-based storage means PCIe lanes are quickly becoming a prized commodity.
A step down from X370 is B350, which also supports overclocking but drops some USB and SATA ports, two PCIe lanes, and Crossfire/SLI support. A320 drops even more USB and SATA ports, another two PCIe lanes, and overclocking support. Expect the latter to be priced very reasonably indeed. Perhaps most interesting, though, is the X300 chipset. This is a chipset designed explicitly for mini-ITX motherboards. After the longest time, AMD's high-end chips will find a home in small form factor PCs—and with just a 95W TDP, an eight-core Ryzen will make for an imposing SFF workstation and gaming rig. With X300, AMD has ditched all motherboard-based IO, leaving just the USB, SATA, and 24 PCIe lanes that are part of the Ryzen core.
Curiously, the 4 PCIe lanes a Ryzen chip would typically use to communicate with the motherboard I/O can be repurposed by motherboard makers to add an extra M.2 slot or more SATA ports. Intel uses PCIe, too, but via a proprietary DMI interface (AMD uses SMI) that can't be accessed by motherboard makers.
AMD has an impressive product stack with AM4, but more than that it shows just how invested in Ryzen the industry is. With the lacklustre Bulldozer architecture, high-end AMD chipsets were thin on the ground. Now, there are multiple chipsets, premium features and designs, and support from the biggest players in the industry. Cooling companies like Noctua have even pledged to send out new mounting brackets (AM4 is slightly wider than AM3) for free to anyone with a Ryzen receipt. AMD might not have revealed the product SKUs or the boost clocks of Ryzen itself, but there's no doubt that the ecosystem surrounding it is ready for launch.
That said, AMD has promised that all Ryzen chips—whether that's the octa-core used in its demos or the rumoured hexa- and quad-core parts—are multiplier unlocked for overclocking, which is another departure from the mostly locked chips from Intel. The only limiting factor is the chipset.
Even then, there may be performance boosts on offer for those with exotic cooling as part of its "Extended Frequency Range" (XFR) feature.
"A lot of processors have pre-programmed clock speed voltage tables," explained AMD's Robert Hallock at CES. "We don't. This is very algorithmic. We analyse power consumption limits, thermal limits, silicon utilisation limits, and out of that boundary, if none of those limits are being met, you can just keep raising clock speed until one of them is. Then you level off the boost and then try to sustain it as long as possible. The system is smart enough to know what's going on inside itself, and adaptive enough to prevent sudden drops in clock speeds."
Time for a change
What's most impressive, though, is just how quick AMD has been to respond to critics. When commenters worried that Ryzen might bottleneck high-end graphics card performance like AMD's older CPUs, the company showed a demo of Ryzen running Battlefield 1 on an Nvidia Titan X Pascal, with a frame rate identical to that of a stock i7-6900K system with its own Titan X. When commenters asked what the value of an eight-core system would be compared to a quad, AMD showed how it would enable gamers to play a game like Dota 2 and stream it to Twitch simultaneously at the highest settings with even less dropped frames and delay than an i7-6900K (a feat AMD says is down to its more efficient inter-core communication).
I tried those demos myself at CES, and it's hard to not be impressed. Until Ryzen lands in the hands of reviewers and the public, though, we should take everything with a large pinch of salt and a donning of the great scepticism hat. After all, this is a company that has a vast history of over promising and under delivering.
But there's a confidence around Ryzen that's been missing from AMD's CPU division for the longest time. Having seen Ryzen in action and just how hard AMD is working to make it a success, I'm hopeful that it will go some way towards helping the company's shaky financials from the past few years and that AMD might finally have a chip that moves desktop CPU performance forward.
Assuming Ryzen's performance really is that good, the big question is: how far will AMD go down the price/performance rabbit hole? At CES, the company openly asked journalists what it should be priced at. Price an eight-core Ryzen at around £400/$500 and you bring down the cost of eight-core chips to that of a six-core—a solid move for consumers, but not one that will greatly affect mainstream performance. Price it the same as a quad-core i7-7700K—about £300/$330—and you dramatically shake up the industry. The decision is yet to be made.
"There are a lot of discussions going on," says Hallock. "We're capturing the feedback. We wanna take share, we wanna be the best price/performance option, we wanna be the first on people's minds. That's part of the bounding box for pricing discussions as well as paying off the R&D investment... We're looking at what Intel does—and we're not gonna do that. We think people want the choice, and need the choice. The market needs the choice—hopefully we can turn it around."
(This article is by Jacob Hall and Jack Giroux.)
It's hard to imagine the movies without Hugh Jackman. Not just because he's played the character of Wolverine for the past 17 years, kicking off the superhero movie boom and providing a consistent anchor through the various up and downs of the X-Men series. No, it's hard to imagine the movies without Hugh Jackman because they are one of our finest modern movie stars, an infinite well of charisma who has been nothing but fearless when it comes to taking risks and laying themselves bare. Jackman has been in great movies, forgettable movies, and bad movies, but he's showcased a remarkable consistency over the years – you put them in the front of the camera and you get something worth watching.
With Logan now in theaters, it's time to pay tribute to an actor who is perfectly comfortable singing and dancing, hacking and slashing, wooing Meg Ryan and selling butter. These are the 15 greatest Hugh Jackman moments.
“Oh What a Beautiful Morning” in Oklahoma! (1999)
Before they were cast in X-Men, before they were a movie star, Hugh Jackman played the lead role of Curly in a London revival of the classic musical Oklahoma! and oh boy, they sure are magnificent. The show was filmed and released on video and while it's not quite a movie, it's movie enough – anyone who saw this before the superhero movie boom must've been shocked (shocked!) that this gifted musical stage performer ended up playing a tough-as-nails, adamantium-clawed mutant. Jackman's opening number, where they stroll on stage singing “Oh What a Beautiful Morning,” is a perfect encapsulation of what makes them a movie star. You can teach someone to act. You can teach them to sing. You cannot teach charisma. You've got be born with that. The stage and the lights and the audience (and the camera, of course) just love Hugh Jackman. (Jacob Hall)
A Wolverine Walks Into a Bar… in X-Men (2000)
Hugh Jackman isn't as beefy as Wolverine in the original X-Men as they are now, but they don't look any less dangerous. The tortured hero is introduced as a pure animal, with Jackman quickly establishing why he's not a character to mess with. Right from their very first scene, Jackman is the Wolverine. They appear wild, reckless, and violent, but also lost, in desperate need of someone like Charles Xavier to come along and give them purpose. Logan actually ends up adding more weight to Wolverine's introduction, now that we can see the full arc of where the character started and where they end up. (Jack Giroux)
Dancing and Hacking in Swordfish (2001)
The dancing, hacking, and smoking sequence is one of the many, many silly scenes in Dominic Sena's already dated action movie, Swordfish, a film about hacking that does not understand hacking at all. But not for a second does Jackman ever appear to be not committed to this nonsense. To him, this is the story of a hacker who wants to be a part of their daughter's life again and they sell it, giving it more spirit than other actors would have. The dancing sequence is the biggest reminder of Jackman's talent in the entire movie. It's the most conventionally enjoyable scene in Swordfish, mainly because it's Jackman on their own, being goofy and charming. Even when the script isn't there, they still find ways to entertain us. (Jack Giroux)
The Butter Commercial from Kate & Leopold (2001)
Hugh Jackman is a sincere actor, which is why he's the perfect choice to star in this romantic comedy. Their first collaboration with director James Mangold, Kate & Leopold, is silly in the right ways. In one scene, Prince Leopold (Jackman), Duke of Albany and accidental time traveller, is starring in a butter commercial. It's a tad ridiculous to say the least, but watch how Jackman plays Leopold and you'll completely understand why Meg Ryan's character wants the man from the 1800s starring in a butter ad. No one is better at helping an audience suspend disbelief. Whatever Jackman is doing in a movie, even if he's playing a time traveler who can't fathom supporting a poor butter product, he's believable and oh-so-charming. (Jack Giroux)
The Mansion Rampage in X2 (2003)
Plenty of fans and critics have noted Hugh Jackman's intense physical commitment to their roles, with the actor defying the laws of nature to somehow appear tougher and stronger and more cut as the years went on. For an example of a movie taking full advantage of the fact that their leading man actually looks like they could decimate an entire team of mutant-hunting soldiers, look to X2, the second X-Men movie and one of the high-water marks of early superhero cinema. Jackman growls and yells and sells every single stab and slash. It's the work of an absolute beast…and it's also really funny. And that's Jackman's secret weapon – their toughness masks an innate comedian. They transform their body, sells the action, and makes you laugh. He's a performer through and through. (Jacob Hall)
The march to U.2 adoption is slow but coming - it is already more successful than SATA Express ever was. Consumer motherboards are now coming equipped with slots, and we've seen a single vendor supply drives to the consumer space - a number of players behind the scenes are shipping to enterprise users, and are expected to launch consumer grade products at some point in the next twelve months. While not specifically aimed at consumers, we got word that this week Super Talent has added a family of SSDs with U.2 connector into its lineup of products. Their new PCIe Nova drives will be aimed at servers and workstations first, and will offer capacities up to 2TB as well as high quoted performance. In fact, the new SSDs will be the fastest drives in Super Talent's lineup and will compete against high-end drives from companies like Intel and HGST.
The Super Talent PCIe Nova SSDs with a U.2 (SFF-8639) connector and PCIe 3.0 x4 interface will be based on MLC NAND memory and will be offered in various configurations, initially starting with 120 GB, up to 1920 GB. The manufacturer does not disclose the exact model of the controller or the exact type of flash it uses to build the devices, but it claims that the drives have maximum sequential read speed of 3 GB/s and maximum sequential write speed of 2.2 GB/s. Super Talent also does not specify endurance of the SSDs, but declares a mean time between failures (MTBF) at 1 million hours, which is in line with consumer storage devices.
Super Talent PCIe Nova SSD General Specifications Capacity 120 GB 240 GB 480 GB 960 GB 1920 GB Model Number FPG120PS2B FPG240PS2B FPG480PS2B FPG960PS2B FPG1T9PS2B Controller unknown NAND Flash MLC NAND, unknown manufacturer Sequential Read Up to 3 GB/s Sequential Write Up to 2.2 GB/s Form-Factor 2.5"/9.5mm Interface U.2 with PCIe 3.0 x4 MTBF 1 million hours
As for dimensions, all drives come in 2.5”/9.5 mm form-factor, rather than 7mm. They are still compatible with almost all desktops, servers, workstations as well as other applications with large storage bays and U.2, however some mobile devices might have limitations. Keep in mind that Super Talent officially positions its PCIe Nova drives for servers and workstations, despite the consumer based MTBF and no listed enterprise features.
The U.2 connector has still got some traction to gain in the desktop space, with about a dozen motherboards currently supporting the native connector and over 100 others suitable via M.2 to U.2 converter cards. On the enterprise side, companies like Intel and HGST have released a number of SSDs for servers and workstations featuring this interface and server/storage systems makers like Supermicro support U.2 with their latest SuperServer and SuperStorage solutions, including features such as the NVMe 1.2 protocol as well as hot-swapping.
The main driving force for U.2, at least publicly, has so far been Intel and its DC P3xxx-series SSDs. For workstations, Intel also released its SSD 750-series drives with the SFF-8639 connector in 2015. As a result, Super Talent's PCIe Nova SSDs will not have a lot of competitors. At this time, Super Talent has not disclosed prices for the PCIe Nova line, but enterprise customers can contact their local ST reps for more info.
Welcome to PYMNTS.com's VC Voices: a weekly column where we bring you commentary from the best of the best around the world of payments investment. Want to know what the biggest backers of our industry's innovators and disrupters think? We give our VCs 500 words of unedited space to do with as they please, so you've come to the right place.
In our inaugural edition last week, we heard from Dan Rosen, general partner at Commerce Ventures, about their experiences at FinovateSpring 2013.
This week, we're joined by Matt Witheiler, principal at Flybridge Capital Partners, who gives us their take on the Bitcoin boom and what government intervention in Mt. Gox's business means for the industry.
By Matt Witheiler, Principal, Flybridge Capital Partners
Bitcoin is all the rage these days in the VC community. What started with some mild investor attention a year ago, around the time Dwolla raised their $5 million Series B financing from A-list investors, came to froth-like levels in the past month with high profile investors like Chris Dixon proclaiming that, thanks to Bitcoin, “finally something interesting is happening in financial tech.” Slowly over the past year, Bitcoin has gone from a hacker cottage technology to being the darling of the VC industry. Excitement around the alternative currency seemed insatiable – until last Tuesday.
Last week rumblings from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission head gave way to a full-on Department of Homeland Security action, with the government seizing and freezing U.S. funds at Mt. Gox, the largest Bitcoin exchange. It was a massive blow to the Bitcoin world where Mt. Gox handled 66 percent of all currency conversion. While the Bitcoin community struggled to understand what this government action meant for their industry, the venture community also grappled with what to do with the news. After all, nothing gets VC blood pressure up quite like the risk of an entire industry, and thus investment, being wiped out in one swoop of the government's arm.
The focus of the debate in the VC community centered on what exactly the Mt. Gox action means for Bitcoin-centric investments going forward. One side argues that the DHS activity is just the first shoe to drop in what will be a series of government interventions in the Bitcoin space; an effort to curb money laundering, illegal trade and consumer risk, they point out. The other side makes the case that the Mt. Gox action is limited to one entity who, admittedly, did not go through the proper process when establishing the business; businesses who do register appropriately with the government and play within the bounds set by the money transfer and banking rules will face no such government intervention.
One week after the first action, the jury is still out. Shoe number two has yet to fall and the various regulatory bodies have been silent on the topic. All that one can do now is speculate – something us VCs like to pretend we're good at. We, at Flybridge, tend to think that the Bitcoin movement is real and that startups in the ecosystem who follow the rules will thrive. That said, the overhang of potential government intervention keeps our pulses high and our checkbook close for the time being.
MOORESVILLE, N.C. – Team Penske announced today that Ryan Blaney will join the organization as a full-time driver in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series (MENCS) beginning in 2018 as the team returns to a three-car operation in NASCAR's premier series. The 23-year-old Blaney, who also signed a multi-year contract extension with the team, will pilot the No. 12 Ford Fusion, beginning with the annual non-points “Clash” event at Daytona International Speedway in February.
“For some time now, we have wanted to bring Ryan in to run a third car for us, but things just needed to make sense from a timing and business perspective,” said Roger Penske. “We have been working on making this a reality and 2018 is the right opportunity to make this move and return our organization to a three-car team. The benefits of having three full-time teams under our roof, along with the continued technical partnership with the Wood Bothers, will help us remain competitive in the ever-changing NASCAR landscape.”
Blaney made their MENCS debut in 2014 for Team Penske and has driven for Wood Brothers Racing full-time the last two seasons. One of NASCAR's rising “young guns,” Blaney earned their first-career Cup Series win earlier this season at Pocono Raceway, giving the Wood Brothers team its first MENCS win since the 2011 season. Blaney also scored their first Cup Series pole this season at Kansas Speedway. They finished second in the 2016 MENCS Rookie of the Year standings.
Blaney has been a part of Team Penske since 2012 and has earned five NASCAR XFINITY Series wins for the team and was part of the No. 22 team's three-straight NXS Owners' Championships from 2013-2015.
“This is a huge opportunity for me and my career,” said Blaney, a third-generation driver from High Point, NC. “I've always enjoyed racing whatever car I was in and trying to win each and every race. I've had some great moments with both Team Penske and the Wood Brothers over the last few years. I know for a fact I wouldn't be where I am today without Roger (Penske), Eddie and Len (Wood) and the opportunities their organizations have given me. I'm thrilled knowing that Brad (Keselowski) and Joey (Logano) are long-term teammates for me at Team Penske and Paul (Menard) will have input with our team now that he's with the Wood Brothers organization. Hopefully we can go out there and win races and compete for championships year after year.”
Earlier this season, Team Penske announced that it signed Joey Logano to a multi-year contract through the 2022 season and beyond. Just yesterday, the team announced it has come to terms with Brad Keselowski for a multi-year agreement, giving the organization a solid foundation for the future.
While the No. 12 Ford Fusion has made a handful of starts in the Cup Series over the last few years, Team Penske has not competed as a full-time, three-car team since the 2010 season with Keselowski, Kurt Busch and Sam Hornish Jr. Despite the fact that the team has only run two full-time cars since the 2011 season, Team Penske has produced 40 MENCS victories, along with the 2012 NASCAR Cup Series title, and the 2015 Daytona 500 Championship.
More details surrounding the No. 12 team, including sponsorship and crew chief, will be announced in the near future.
Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister holds up 7 baseballs with one hand before a game against the Detroit Tigers at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Tuesday, September 29, 2015. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
A lifetime of throwing has caught up to Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister.
On Monday, Banister underwent arthroscopic surgery on their right elbow to clean out bone chips and a spur, which had restricted the range of motion. The chips and spur are the result of wear-and-tear from 30 years in professional baseball as a catcher, instructor, coach and manager.
The condition bothered Banister throughout last season and limited their ability to throw batting practice, a favorite activity. During four seasons as a major-league coach with Pittsburgh, Banister was noted for throwing challenging batting practices over extended periods.
Dr. Keith Meister, the Rangers' team physician, will perform the out-patient surgery. Banister is expected to start a rehab program soon, but they may not be ready to throw batting practice at the start of spring training next month.
Fans of the Lebanese group Mashrou Leila show a rainbow flag at their concert in Cairo on September 22. Photo by Benno Schwinghammer/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images
On September 22, Mashrou' Leila, a Lebanese band with an openly gay lead singer, played a concert in Cairo. Some who attended waved rainbow flags—an innocuous act in the West, but one that's far more political in a country like Egypt, with a deep history of anti-LGBTQ persecution.
In the days that followed, seven people, including some alleged flag wavers and at least one other who posted positively about the incident on social media, were arrested for "promoting sexual deviancy," according to the office of Nabil Sadek, Egypt's top prosecutor.
Over the last ten days, the situation has escalated into what organizations like Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch are calling a full-fledged LGBTQ crackdown. This weekend alone, at least 22 people were arrested, and 33 have been arrested in total, by Amnesty International's count, with charges stemming from dating app usage, social media posts, and more. In one case, police allegedly entrapped and arrested a 19-year-old man using a fake dating app profile, a common act in Egypt; they were sentenced to six years' prison on charges of "debauchery" last week. According to Amnesty, some arrested have been subject to forced anal examinations to determine whether they have had gay sex, an act a spokesperson said violates international prohibitions on torture.
These are just a few of the emotional messages I have received from queer Egyptian activists and civilians I reached out to this weekend:
"I just deleted all my online data on gay dating websites and applications like Grindr. I'm terrified."
"A way to distract the nation is by propaganda, and this time it's sadly against the LGBT community."
"You're my Egyptian brother from abroad please help me. Can you arrange a Schengen-Visa for me?"
Being partly Egyptian, Christian, and gay, I'm familiar with the structural discrimination minorities face in Egyptian society. And by all accounts, these and other cries for help have made clear that the present situation for queer Egyptians is dire.
With music that tackles homophobia and various social taboos, Mashrou' Leila are one of a wave of rebellious Middle Eastern bands formed out of the political upheaval of the Arab Spring. The band reacted to the ongoing crackdown Monday with a Facebook post in both English and Arabic, writing that it has "become rather apparent in the last 48 hours that the state apparatus is hell-bent on executing the most atrocious of human rights violations. We denounce the demonization and prosecution of victimless acts between consenting adults."
While homosexuality is not officially illegal in Egypt, queer Egyptians face widespread discrimination and are regularly arrested and charged with vague crimes like "debauchery" and "sexual deviance." This latest wave of arrests continues a longstanding campaign of anti-LGBTQ harassment under President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, which has subjected hundreds of queer Egyptians to arrests and hate crimes since late 2013, according to the advocacy group Solidarity with Egypt LGBTQ+. Last year, 26 men were arrested in a bathhouse in Cairo for allegedly having gay sex.
LGBTQ Egyptians and activists I reached out to were left understandably terrified by this weekend's arrests, and spoke of their fears and the challenges they face moving forward.
"My parents don't know that I'm gay; like most LGBT people here we hide it from our families. I'm terrified," said Mahmoud*, a 24-year-old LGBTQ activist from Alexandria. "The government is monitoring social media accounts to arrest LGBT people. I'm afraid and I have done a lot to protect myself by deleting stuff," they continued, explaining that he'd recently deleted as much data as they could from apps like Grindr and other gay dating websites.
Watch VICE on HBO report on the violent aftermath of the Arab Spring in Egypt:
"It's also dangerous to defend other arrested LGBT people, because we live in a state that represses our freedoms and our right of expression, but despite the danger I didn't delete my opinions on social media. I want to defend my brothers and sisters," they said.
I planned to speak with an LGBTQ activist named Jackie*, but when I reached out to them it became apparent through Facebook posts and reports from friends that they were among the 33 people who were arrested.
"I talked with [Jackie] on a daily basis," said Geumana*, a close friend of hers. Geumana is a transgender activist based in Istanbul who said they left Egypt after being physically attacked. "I'm so worried about them and my family," they continued.
"Nobody dares to say anything on social media right now as they fear to be arrested," said Geumana. "They don't want to bring their family or themselves in danger. I know we have to defend each other, but this is getting really bad,"
Mostafa Fouad is a 27-year-old LGBTQ activist based in Cairo, and another friend of Jackie's. "I'm a lawyer, they are probably afraid to catch a lawyer. Not only people who waved a rainbow flag are in danger—also their friends can be associated with homosexuality and 'debauchery,'" they wrote me. "I recommend that everybody deactivate their phones and Facebook because they are actively looking for LGBT people at the moment. But I think the government will stop soon with this crackdown, because the world and human rights groups are criticizing Egypt."
A representative from the activist group No H8 Egypt, an initiative that aims to stop hatred and violence against minorities there, emphasized that the recent wave of arrests represents a new low for President al-Sisi's government.
"Many of our members have been arrested and the government is using propaganda against the LGBT community," the spokesperson, who wished to remain anonymous, said. "The government is breaking the core of the constitution by doing this." They emphasized that September's concert wasn't the first time a rainbow flag has been raised in Egypt, but theorized that the ongoing crackdown was an attempt by al-Sisi's government to "distraction the nation" with propaganda on the eve of a jail sentence given to Khalid Ali, a human rights lawyer seen by some as al-Sisi's fiercest rival in Egypt's presidential election early next year. "This time, [that propoganda] is sadly against the LGBT community," they said.
Dalia Alfaghal is a 27-year-old activist who lived in Egypt for nearly a decade before moving to San Francisco, after enduring a viral backlash for publicly announcing their lesbian relationship on Facebook. They call themselves "the most hated lesbian in Egypt," and has become a prominent LGBTQ activist since. They agreed with No H8 Egypt's spokesperson that these arrests are a diversionary tactic.
"Gay cases are often used to distract people from other problems in the country," they explained. The government argues "that the LGBT community is a threat to the ethics and morals of Egypt. It basically happens every four years when there are elections coming up, like now."
"It's a really dangerous and confusing time for LGBT people in Egypt, but it also might be the right time to create more awareness and acceptance in the Egyptian society toward LGBT people by speaking up and making the community visible," they continued. Whether through social media or other means, it's clear that's a more dangerous proposition than ever—but at this juncture, a necessary one, too.
*Names have been changed.
Follow Bo Hanna on Twitter.
It's been nearly a decade since the tagline “don't be evil” was attached to Google in a Wired magazine profile. Google, a little more than four years old, adopted the phrase as a code of conduct as it navigated through a growing list of hard questions, and as it increasingly shaped the Web itself. Since then, the term has been hurled back at its founders again and again — every time a saucy blogger or disgruntled user had a bone to pick with the company.
Google's executives have long since stopped saying “don't be evil” in public, and the company has been more willing to make bold moves that court controversy (as long as they lead to changes that will promote further growth). Case in point: Last month, Google altered its search results to favor pages from its Google+ social service over other social sites.
Facebook responded by designing a browser extension called “don't be evil” that played up results from non-Google+ social sites, like Facebook and Twitter. It was an amusing potshot at Google — but for the wrong reasons. Facebook's track record at focusing on its users' needs and preferences is even worse than Google's. Beyond the privacy snafus that flare up regularly, Facebook has designed its site not to make it easier for us to share content with our friends, but to weave corporate brands and ad campaigns into those friendships.
But Facebook's exercise in highhanded hypocrisy was revealing for another reason. At some point, tech companies bled “don't be evil” dry of any true meaning. It's a dead motto, and its sole remaining function is as a ruler to slap the Google brand. In 2012, evil must be a part of your stock and trade. How else will you make billions in profits in the Web industry? Google and Facebook can snipe at each other all they want. But they both follow the same credo now: Let's all be evil.
But what exactly do we mean by evil? The word can be traced back to the Bronze Age as a disparagement, but evil as we talk about it today can mean anything from an annoyance to extreme moral wickedness. And most of the evil things tech companies do don't quite rise to the level of evil — it's just bad. Tweaking your search results to promote your social networks is bad. So is confusing your members when they try to protect their privacy. You take a step toward moral wickedness when you let countries decide how they want to censor tweets. And you're pretty much on your way there when you poison your workers with neurotoxins in the name of manufacturing efficiency.
In the still-nascent world of social networks, though, things could be worse. The problem is we're already on our way down. The most powerful companies are designing their sites not to improve the user experience, but to try and get the better of each other.
Facebook and Twitter have declined to let Google incorporate their data feeds into its search engine (those companies say the data is available on the Web; Google says their terms of service don't allow this). So Google responds by favoring Google+ in its search engine, and downplaying Facebook and Twitter. Very well, point made. But how does this help the rest of us?
In tossing aside its stated mission as a neutral search engine, Google is bowing to some strong outside pressures. Advertisers are shifting more ad dollars to Facebook, which is doing all it can to keep its members inside its walled gardens. So Google changes its search engine to lure more people into its own social site. But it risks lowering its standards to Facebook's level, becoming a site more devoted to ad dollars than people. And slowly, what was once the Web's public commons is turning into a collection of gated communities.
The better approach is simple, and one that has worked before. All posts and updates created by the users of all sites — provided that they willingly choose them to be public — should be available to be aggregated by any other site. From there, let the best aggregator win. That was how the Web once worked, when companies designed their sites to improve the experience for the people who use them.
It's not that way anymore – Web companies are more interested in beating each other, even if it means a race to the bottom. Instead of enticing us with useful, intuitive design, Web sites are focused on corralling us inside through manipulation. It's not clear whether Facebook or Google will win this game. What's more clear is that the rest of us are losing.
Lucas is considering leaving Liverpool after losing their place in the second half of this season, a source told ESPN FC.
Lucas has appeared in 243 games for Liverpool, but may be moving on next season.
The Brazilian had been a regular in the starting 11 when fit since Xabi Alonso moved to Real Madrid in 2009.
But since manager Brendan Rodgers installed captain Steven Gerrard as their first-choice defensive midfielder in January, Lucas has only started four games. Three of those were when an usually ever-present Jordan Henderson was suspended.
• Kelly: More questions than answers for Reds
• Cox: Defensive leadership needed
The 27-year-old is pessimistic about their chances of reclaiming their spot in the team and was disappointed to lose their place in the Brazil squad.
Lucas, who has won 24 caps and had been part of Luiz Felipe Scolari's plans, was omitted from their 23-man party for the World Cup.
Chelsea's Ramires, Inter Milan's Hernanes, Tottenham's Paulinho, Wolfsburg's Luiz Gustavo and Manchester City's Fernandinho, who are all playing regular first-team football for their respective clubs, were preferred for the central midfield roles.
Lucas joined Liverpool from Gremio for 5 million pounds in 2007 and has gone on to score six goals in 243 games during their seven-year stay on Merseyside, winning the club's player of the year award in 2010-11.
Although they signed for the club as an attacking midfielder, they were converted to a more defensive role by former manager Rafa Benitez.
But the attack-minded Rodgers is only playing with one holding player, leading Lucas, whose last three starts have come on the right of a midfield diamond, to think their future may lie elsewhere.
Da RBA
O padre Julio Lancelotti está sendo processado pelo deputado federal Jair Bolsonaro (PEN-RJ), por chamar o parlamentar de racista, machista e homofóbico, em março passado. Em entrevista à Rádio Brasil Atual, nesta segunda-feira (14), ele diz que a ação movida pelo político de extrema-direta é controversa.
“Se fala em liberdade de expressão para ele poder dizer o que ele quer, com discurso contra negros, quilombolas, mulheres e a comunidade LGBT, mas acha que ninguém pode contrariá-lo”, questiona. “Muitas pessoas acham que a liberdade é poder dizer tudo que eu penso. Se o discurso ofende o mais fraco, o outro, eu não tenho direito de dizer”, completou Lancelotti.
O religioso discursava contra a cultura do ódio, durante a pregação que marcou o primeiro dia da Quaresma para os católicos. Julio se disse assustado pela devoção provocada por “uma figura homofóbica e violenta” como Jair Bolsonaro. “Eu fico impressionado — e não tenho medo dizer, não precisa cortar a gravação –, que uma pessoa homofóbica, violenta como Bolsonaro, apareça nas pesquisas eleitorais e seja seguido por tanta gente no Brasil. Isso é vergonhoso”, disse.
Na ocasião, Bolsonaro criticou o ato de usar uma pregação dentro da igreja para ataca-lo. Ele considerou “absurdo” utilizar-se do nome de Deus “para praticar blasfêmia e calúnias”.
Assassinato
O religioso e integrante da Pastoral do Povo de Rua de São Paulo também comentou a morte de três moradores de rua – dois homens e uma mulher –, assassinados a tiro na madrugada de sábado (12), na avenida Senador Teotônio Vilela, em Cidade Dutra, na zona sul de São Paulo. “Foi uma execução. Foi uma ação covarde e premeditada. Nós temos que estar atentos a essa onda neonazista que toma a sociedade”, afirmou.
Share this...
Yummly Pinterest Tumblr Linkedin
One of our favorite sweet treats to be enjoyed in desserts and drinks, Salted Bourbon Butterscotch!
Ever since the weather started turning cold and we started making fall focused cocktails, we have been making lots of drinks full of apple, spices and maple. One flavor that we have been absolutely in love with is a butterscotch. When we busted out a brown sugar syrup for our Bourbon Butterbeer Cocktail, it really got us in the mood for more butterscotch everything. So of course, this resulted in us coming up with our Salted Bourbon Butterscotch Sauce.
This post contains affiliate links for products that we think you as readers might find useful, and we make commission off of these! For more details about our affiliates, click our Disclosure and Contacts Page.
Ball Canning Jars
Butterscotch
When most people think of butterscotch, they think about the old hard candies that you used to get when you would visit your grandparents. Rather than those hard candies, we prefer to make a butterscotch sauce that is great for using in cocktails, adding as a drizzle on ice cream, or as a sweetener in a dessert coffee.
A lot of people think that butterscotch and caramel are the same thing, but there is one key difference, the type of sugar used.
Butterscotch uses brown sugar which makes for a darker, more deep flavor than the granulated sugar used in caramel. The brown sugar has molasses in it (which is why it is brown) which gives a fully rounded sweetness. Also, it hits more taste buds than just the sweet buds. When combined with butter and cream, the brown sugar becomes a delicious dark toasty butterscotch sauce.
We wanted to add another layer of flavor to the plain butterscotch sauce, so we did what we do best (add booze to stuff!) Then we incorporated some bourbon into our butterscotch sauce while we were cooking the sauce. Adding the bourbon in at the cooking point boils most of the alcohol out, but leaves the big flavors of the bourbon.
The bourbon adds a hit of oak from the barrels it is aged in, while adding a lighter caramel flavor and hints of vanilla.
What Ingredients are Needed for the Bourbon Butterscotch Sauce?
Vanilla Extract
Sea Salt
Bourbon
Heavy Cream
Brown Sugar
Butter
We love salted caramel, so we figured that since butterscotch is the close cousin of caramel sauce, adding a little salt in to our Salted Bourbon Butterscotch sauce would be a good idea. The salt brings out some of the subtle flavors while adding a nice contrast to the sweetness of the sugar.
Salty and sweet, our Salted Bourbon Butterscotch Sauce is fantastic on top of vanilla or chocolate ice cream, a great addition to desserts like apple or peach crisp, and of course a great addition to some cocktails! Give our Salted Bourbon Butterscotch sauce a try and you might just find yourself putting it on everything!
Like this recipe? Try these below, too!
Salted Butterscotch Bourbon White Russian
Salted Butterscotch Bourbon Eggnog
Other Boozy Butterscotch and Caramel Sauces
Yield: 1 Salted Boubon Butterscotch Sauce Prep Time: 3 minutes Cook Time: 10 minutes Total Time: 13 minutes A bourbon filled version of caramel, this butterscotch is a darker, richer flavor. Print Ingredients 1/2 stick butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tsp bourbon
1/4 tsp sea salt
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup cream Instructions Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil on medium heat. Reduce to low when it starts to boil. Cook for 5 minutes. Pull off heat and cool. Recommended Products Ball Pint Mason Jar, Regular Mouth, 16 oz (2 Count) As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from qualifying purchases. Nutrition Information: Yield: 16 Serving Size: 1
Amount Per Serving: Calories: 49 Total Fat: 3.3g Saturated Fat: 2.1g Trans Fat: 0g Unsaturated Fat: 0g Cholesterol: 9mg Sodium: 55mg Carbohydrates: 4.7g Fiber: 0g Sugar: 4.6g Protein: 0.1g
Interested in stocking your own home bar? Make sure to see our favorites at our Amazon Store!
If you liked this recipe, don't forget to subscribe for new (and of course free) recipes by entering your email address on the side bar (and get all the recipes delivered to your inbox when we post). Don't miss out on a thing. You can find us on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter!
The UAE rulers' faith in the primacy of image, allied to their disregard for fundamental human rights, is a combination that inevitably throws up the odd paradox. And so it is that as Dubai prepares to host an international film festival on Friday, five young local filmmakers are languishing in detention over their short film that gently pokes fun at youth culture in the emirate. Officials have held the young men, one a US citizen, since April, and charged them with endangering national security under the UAE's cybercrime law on the basis of a 19-minute video that they made and uploaded to YouTube in October 2012. “Deadly Satwa G-s” parodies the faux-gangsta posturing of a group of young, wealthy Emiratis. But satire - even the gentle variety - can land you in jail in the UAE just as quickly as the public expression of political views.
Those attending Dubai's film festival, including some Hollywood celebrities, would be wise to note that the UAE's 2012 cybercrime decree enables officials to imprison anyone who expresses critical views about the country or its rulers, and that the UAE has imprisoned advocates of free speech.
One might see a glaring contradiction between the UAE's full-on assault on freedom of expression and Dubai's hosting of an international film festival and the Expo 2020 World Fair under the slogan “connecting minds, creating the future.” But from the UAE's standpoint, there's no need for consistency. Events such as these help the UAE to project the image of an enlightened Gulf state, which in Dubai's case is vital to its prosperity. With small and dwindling hydrocarbon reserves, Dubai has to be seen as progressive and stable to attract the tourism and the business on which its economic model is based. And who needs human rights when Hollywood is coming to town?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 27, 2015, 2:41 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 27, 2015, 8:31 AM GMT By Phil Helsel
Chinese authorities have arrested 12 people in the aftermath of a series of deadly blasts that rocked the city of Tianjin two weeks ago, state media reported Thursday.
Yu Xuewei, the chairperson of the company that owns the warehouse that exploded Aug. 12, Tianjin International Ruihai Logistics Co. Ltd., was among those arrested, state media agency Xinhua reported, citing police.
Vice chairperson Dong Shexuan and three of the company's deputy managers were also arrested, Xinhua reported.
On Wednesday, China's head of work safety was fired and named as a suspect in a corruption investigation, Xinhua reported. Yang Dongliang, 61, was suspected of "severe violation of discipline and law," the state media agency said. No other details were provided.
The pair of powerful explosions sent a fireball high in the sky and devastated a large swath of port area of Tianjin, about 75 miles southeast of Beijing. Windows were blown out in buildings more than a mile away. The blasts left at least 139 people dead.
Related: Tianjin Toxic Blasts Put China's Communist Party On Spot
The government confirmed last week that there were about 700 tons of the deadly chemical sodium cyanide in the warehouse before it exploded at around 11:30 p.m. local tome on Aug. 12.
Among other chemicals stored at the warehouse were 1,300 tons of potentially explosive oxidizing chemicals, including ammonium nitrate and potassium nitrate, 500 tons of flammables, including sodium and magnesium, and 700 tons of deadly poisons, mainly sodium cyanide, Reuters has reported.
The Tianjin Environmental Protection Bureau said last week that tests showed cyanide levels in the river, sea, and waste water in the evacuated area around the disaster zone had sharply risen since the blasts.
One testing site at the mouth of a rain water pipe recorded cyanide levels 356 times above acceptable standards, the bureau said. Officials said drinking water was safe, however.
Greater Tianjin is home to around 15 million people, according to government figures.
Finally, the Bay Area has something it can truly lord over on New York.
Our rents are too damn high.
Rental prices in San Francisco, Marin County and the Peninsula are the highest in the United States, according to the San Francisco Business Times, which didn't stop there: Rents here are "astronomical," the paper exclaimed.
The average rent for a two-bedroom apartment is $1,905 a month, according to a report from the National Low Income Coalition. In order to afford that, a renter needs an income of $76,200, according to the report.
So how are you doing? Better than two-thirds of the populace, if you can afford it: such rents put the average place out of reach for 64 percent of renters, according to the report.
The San Francisco Business Times built us all a cool-looking widget that breaks down the situation county-by-county. It even tells you the hourly rate needed to make rent: in San Francisco, it's $36.33. Maybe now is time to ask for a raise.
Fredrick Hoffman was a statistician employed by the Prudential Life Insurance company tasked with uncovering risk patterns in medical data. So good was they at their job that even though they had no medical training, they managed to uncover the harmful side-effects of asbestos, identify silicosis as a real disease that was causing fatalities among American workers and establish the causal relationship between smoking tobacco and lung cancer. By the time they died in 1946, they had 28 books and nearly 1,200 published articles to their credit.
Despite their prolific output towards the later part of their life, they are best remembered for their first book—The Race Traits and Tendencies of the American Negro. Originally published in 1896, this is, arguably, the social science study that most profoundly impacted turn-of-the-century American society.
Hoffman conducted a detailed analysis of disease rates among freed slaves and concluded black people, as a race, were sicker and more disease-prone than whites and therefore were on a downward spiral to extinction. Time has shown that this analysis was flawed but given the conviction with which they presented the data, it was, at the time, all that was needed to render the entire African-American community effectively uninsurable. As a result, sick African Americans were unable to afford healthcare and got sicker—cruelly converting their flawed report into a self-fulfilling prophecy.
We now know that Hoffman's mistake was in confusing causation with correlation. Blinded by prejudice, they never stopped to think that it was poverty and injustice, rather than race, that was to blame. But their faulty conclusion had deep consequences, reinforcing a wrong that has inflicted lasting damage on an entire community that is felt to this day.
The problem with data is that it can be presented in myriad ways, and while individual elements of data are immutable, in aggregate, a database can be arranged to mean different things in different contexts. The Hoffman report is a telling example of the harm that can be wrought by drawing false conclusions from data sets. As we increase our reliance on data for decision-making, using big data and machine learning to help us determine the appropriate level of premiums we should pay on our insurance or our eligibility for a job, we would do well to ensure that in our eagerness to become more scientific in our decision-making, we don't end up seeing only those patterns that we want to see.
The Crime and Criminal Network Tracking System is the Indian government's attempt at implementing a form of Predictive Policing— using big data to identify potential criminals before they commit their crimes. The government plans to connect the 14,000 police stations across the country in order to facilitate rapid investigation and detection of crime. In doing so it will, for the first time, correlate existing databases of criminal and history sheeters with geographical information, first information reports and allied data in order to be able to better anticipate criminal activity.
As we start down this path of data-assisted crime prevention, we must be mindful of the historical biases inherent in our criminal databases and ensure that when they are trawled by machines, we don't allow machines to institutionalize our prejudice.
Take for instance, the Pardhis, a denotified “criminal" tribe whose members are routinely rounded up by the police whenever there is a crime in the area. Members of the tribe populate criminal databases around the country—sometimes just by virtue of belonging to that tribe. If our computers were to blindly rely on these historical databases they could, much like Hoffman, reinforce historical bias and force the community into persistent machine-determined discrimination.
One of the often-touted ancillary benefits of digital payments is the extent to which this technology can revolutionise micro-lending. People who have, till now, been unable to provide evidence of credit-worthiness will be able to present a trail of their digital transactions, providing evidence of their ability to repay. But as the machines begin to amass greater volumes of transactional data, they will be able to build more specific personal profiles of our behaviour, allowing them to take nuanced decisions and make subtle discriminations between otherwise similarly situated individuals.
As much as I appreciate the many benefits that data offers us, I remain acutely conscious of the harm that it can cause. The current thinking is that because big data and machine intelligence can solve so many of our most pressing problems, we should focus on the good and not worry about the potential harms. I worry that in rushing blindly after short-term gains we will end up institutionalizing a new data-based caste system that will be that much harder to unravel.
Rahul Matthan is a partner at Trilegal. Ex Machina is a column on technology, law and everything in between.
Their Twitter handle is @matthan.
Select Page 1 - Introduction 2 - Getting Things Ready 3 - Battlefield 1 4 - DOOM 5 - Fallout 4 6 - Gears of War 4 7 - Grand Theft Auto V 8 - Mass Effect: Andromeda 9 - Sniper Elite 4 10 - Tom Clancy's The Division 11 - Watch Dogs 2 12 - The Witcher 3 13 - Conclusion
Date: Friday , May 26, 2017 Author: Brent Justice Editor: Kyle Bennett
The Definitive AMD Ryzen 7 Real-World Gaming Guide With our AMD Ryzen 7 overclocked to 4GHz we find out if this is a competitive real-world gaming CPU or not. We compare it with two overclocked Intel 7700K and 2600K systems across six different video card configurations at 4K, 1440p, and 1080p to find out which CPU provides the best gameplay experience using playable game settings.
Introduction
The hype is real, AMD's Ryzen series of CPUs have garnered intense interest from computer enthusiasts. There was a lot of hype leading up to Ryzen's launch, and everyone is clamoring to test Ryzen in every way possible from gaming to content creation. You can check out our initial Ryzen 7 1700X CPU review. Our coverage has not stopped there, we have, well, a lot of Ryzen related coverage including lots of overclocking.
Most of that coverage has been based on CPU oriented testing, naturally. Now it's time to deep dive into real-world gaming and find out once and for all how the AMD Ryzen 7 1700X CPU does when it comes to actual gaming at playable graphics settings. Let's put aside the hype, and find out what kind of gaming CPU Ryzen truly is.
This evaluation today is going to cover a lot of information. Simply put, we want to evaluate real-world gameplay at normal game graphics setting across many video cards and compare performance based on CPUs used. We want to find out if Ryzen 7 is advantageous in gaming, or not. The AMD Ryzen is multi-faceted, but does it make for a solid gaming CPU? This is as real-world gaming as it gets, and will tell us all once and for all if the AMD Ryzen 7 1700X is a good solid gaming CPU. The testing here today is comprised of literally of over 400 real-world gaming instances, not a canned benchmark in sight.
The Three Test Systems
Instead of comparing by GPU we are instead comparing gameplay by CPU today as you might have guessed. The video card will be the "baseline" and the graphs will compare three systems together on these at the same apples-to-apples game settings. The three systems are as follows.
AMD Ryzen 7 1700X @ 4GHz - The main star of the show is of course our AMD Ryzen 7 1700X CPU overclocked to 4GHz for maximum performance. Memory consists of 16GB of DDR4 at 2933MHz. The motherboard is GIGABYTE AORUS AX370-GAMING 5, based on the AMD X370 AM4 platform.
Intel i7 2600K @ 4.5GHz - The first platform we are utilizing is an Intel i7 2600K "Sandy Bridge" CPU overclocked to 4.5GHz. Memory consists of 16GB of DDR3 at 2133MHz. The motherboard is an ASUS P8Z68-V Pro Gen 3. This is based on the Intel Z68 chipset. One interesting note about this configuration, PCI-Express runs at 2.0 maximum with this CPU. Bandwidth is thus reduced when utilizing multi-GPU CrossFire, compared to the other two systems tested.
Intel i7 7700K @ 5GHz - The final system is an Intel "Kaby Lake" 7700K CPU overclocked to 5GHz. Memory consists of 16GB of DDR4 at 3600MHz. The motherboard is GIGABYTE AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7, based on Intel Z270 chipset.
These three CPU/Systems are what will be compared to each other on each graph, as is, with the video card remaining the control.
The Six Video Card Configurations
We are going to utilize six total video card configurations on each system for a comprehensive performance evaluation from top to bottom. We will encompass 4K, 1440p, and 1080p gameplay testing. The video cards that will be used are as follows.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti (reference) at 4K resolution.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 (reference) at 1440p resolution.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 (reference) at 1080p resolution.
SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 480 at 1080p resolution
SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 480 CrossFire at 1080p and 1440p resolutions.
Note that the Radeon RX 480 GPU based video card is a retail SAPPHIRE NITRO+ video card and carries a factory overclock of 1342MHz. For comparison, this overclocked GPU frequency matches the newly released AMD Radeon RX 580 specifications closely. Therefore, the retail video card being used in this evaluation can also represent reference Radeon RX 580 performance. We do have two of these video cards to use in CrossFire.
The Boston Globe conducted an investigation review of 323 criminal aliens released in New England from 2008 to 2012 and found that 30% of these criminal aliens went on to commit more crimes, including rape, robbery, and murder, after being released. This is a much higher rate than ICE and the Obama administration have reported.
Pres. Obama has claimed that deporting criminal aliens is a “priority” under their Priority Enforcement Program (PEP), but under this new policy 60% of all criminal aliens were released in 2015 alone according to ICE. PEP prohibits ICE agents from targeting most illegal aliens for removal, unless they commit a “serious” crime or are considered a national security threat.
In February a letter from ICE to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), showed that 130 murders or attempted murders have been committed by released criminal aliens since 2010.
ICE does not collect recidivism data on the criminal aliens they release so the Boston Globe conducted its own investigation. In 2013 The Globe won a lawsuit against the federal government that forced them to release the names of the criminal aliens they set free, names that had been previously kept secret as part of immigration records. ICE is the only law enforcement system in the U.S. to keep such records secret.
The Boston Globe then spent three years researching court records to see how many of the criminal aliens reoffended. Due to the amount of effort and time to conduct the investigation the search was limited to the 323 New England criminal aliens released.
Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies for the Center for Immigration Studies, believes this rate is probably much higher given the limited access The Globe had to immigrants' criminal histories.
“This is exactly what the government should be doing to evaluate the impact of its own policy, to make sure that it's not causing harm,” Vaughan said. “They shouldn't be doing this blindly without taking the time to evaluate the effects of the policy, the public safety consequences.”
In December 2015 Assistant Homeland Security Secretary, Sarah R. Saldana, testified before Congress that ICE was unable to deport many of the criminal illegal aliens due to court orders or because of a Supreme Court case that limits how long an illegal alien can be detained. If a country refuses to accept the criminal alien back and ICE cannot deport them within six months, then they are forced to release them.
Read more on this report at The Boston Globe.
PLANTATION (CBS4) – A Broward Sheriff's deputy is under investigation and on administrative leave because of an apparent confrontation with a driver.
The driver is a Hispanic woman who told police the deputy made racial slurs, gave them the finger and stole their cellphone and ID.
The incident unfolded on Monday just after 12 o'clock.
The driver — Neyda Osorio — told Plantation Police that they were driving their Ford F-150 truck out of a shopping center on 441 near Broward Boulevard and was headed westbound just before the incident.
They made a u-turn and started heading east on Broward Boulevard. Osorio told police that at that point a passenger in their truck noticed a deputy trying to get them attention.
One of Osorio's attorneys, Edward McGee, described what Osorio heard the deputy saying.
“The officer made ethnic slurs about their Hispanic heritage and told them essentially to go back where they came from,” McGee told CBS 4's Carey Codd.
Osorio told police Pletcher then pulled them over. They were concerned about the incident and asked the passenger to begin recording Pletcher on Osorio's Blackberry cellphone.
According to a Plantation Police search warrant, Osorio said Pletcher “repeatedly demanded they give them the phone stating they would be placed under arrest if they did not turn it over.”
Osorio claims Pletcher restrained them by reaching into their truck and grabbing the cellphone out of their purse.
They said there was a struggle and their wrist was injured.
Osorio also said they handed Pletcher their driver's license and green card. The search warrant said Pletcher looked at the green card and “then threw it at them striking them in the face area.”
At that point, Osorio said Pletcher told them to drive into a bank parking lot. The warrant says Pletcher drove away with Osorio's cellphone and driver's license.
A security guard at the bank told CBS 4 that Osorio came up to them and related the story, asking them to call 911 for her, which they did.
Plantation Police responded and searched the area. The search warrant shows that they found Osorio's phone in two pieces, put it together and the video was downloaded at BSO.
The warrant shows that two of Pletcher's former supervisor's at BSO identified them in the video.
Osorio said they are still shocked over the incident.
“I never believed a police officer would act in this way,” they said, as translated by another of their attorneys, Paul Finizio.
The search warrant is for Pletcher's marked BSO vehicle. The warrant says that Osorio's driver's license has not been recovered. It is not clear if the vehicle was searched and what, if anything, was recovered.
The warrant also says “Pletcher was not on duty during the time of this incident and there is no indication of any radio contact with B.S.O. dispatch” during the traffic stop.
We were not able to reach Pletcher for a comment but their attorney told us they believe their client will be cleared.
“There are two sides to every story,” Eric Schwartzreich said. “He didn't do anything wrong and when the smoke clears, they will be exonerated of any wrongdoing.”
According to BSO, Pletcher began working for the agency in 2004.  They are a patrol deputy in Pompano Beach. Their attorney confirmed that in 2007 Pletcher was involved in a fatal traffic crash in Pompano Beach.
A man on a motorbike died when they collided with a BSO vehicle driven by Pletcher. Pletcher was investigated and cleared of wrongdoing.
One of Osorio's attorneys, Edward McGee, said this case shows why it is important for citizens to use their cellphones if they believe someone in authority is misusing their power.
“If you see a public official doing something that you think is wrong, don't be afraid to use your technology,” McGee said. “Use your cellphone to preserve that evidence. Without it, too many times, (it's as if it) didn't happen.”
Neyda Osorio remains distraught over what happened and says what occurred should not happen again.
“That are no more people like them in the streets doing what they did to me to other people,” they said, through attorney Finizio.
A BSO spokesperson would not comment on the case, saying there is an open internal affair investigation into the matter.
No charges have been filed at this point against Pletcher and Plantation Police are also investigating.
The video of the incident has not been released by Plantation Police.
I was driving back from a day of apple picking my niece and nephew (8 and 5) in the back seat when we passed an all-too-familiar pair of golden arches. The next thing I know, the 8-year-old (Madeline) asked if we could stop for a “happy” meal.
I nearly drove us into a pole. I realized that not even my own family was immune to the inundation of corporate brainwashing machine taking advantage of impressionable children—and I know exactly who's to blame.
Advertisement
America, the time has come to publicly execute Ronald McDonald.
The longtime McDonald's spokesclown is everything wrong with child-targeted marketing crammed into one yellow jumpsuit and the damage they have already done to our society is immeasurable. It is not enough to simply retire this character from appearing in advertisements. They must be ritualistically killed, in plain view for our children and the rest of America to see. The fact is: Seeing Ronald McDonald get hanged, drawn, and quartered on primetime television could save up to 1.5 million children from Type 2 diabetes.
It is the only way to truly regain the ground in our kids' hearts and psyches lost by decades of hyper-focused advertising. It doesn't matter whether Ronald McDonald is shot by a firing squad, stabbed repeatedly in the chest, or hanged from the top of a McDonald's Play Place, as long as their slow and painful death is seen on every television screen and iPad in America.
Seeing Ronald McDonald get hanged, drawn, and quartered on primetime television could save up to 1.5 million children from Type 2 diabetes.
Advertisement
The counter-argument is always the same: Is it not ultimately the parents' responsibility what food and media their children consume? Of course the answer is yes. But between a full-time job and other household duties, the only way a parent can guarantee their child's health in today's America is ensuring this clown is stripped of all dignity, forced to plead for their life, and then brutally executed without mercy.
Every second that we wait, we gamble with the wellbeing of future generations. The next time our children see Ronald McDonald on television, they should be drawn and quartered in a McDonald's parking lot, their white chest split open allowing their insides to spill freely onto the asphalt as their fellow merchants of death—Grimace, The Hamburglar, and Mayor McCheese—watch in tearful horror at the fate that awaits them.
It's not even an argument. Whether sheared in half in a lumber mill, boiled in acid, or bolted by their palms to a brick wall with children (perhaps a contest could be held) holding torches against their skin and clothing, Ronald McDonald die.
Advertisement
It's the responsible thing to do.
A precursor to Hell on Earth
Barry Bright Jan. 26, 2019
As always, click on the links and READ to understand.
Years ago I was told by one of the few men I've actually admired in this life that Kentucky's ban on concealed carry came about because two legislators got into a knife/cane sword(I forget which) fight in the state capital building.
Perhaps this was a precursor to the coming not-so-civil war. It was certainly a precursor to ours.
Though I've never been able to prove whether that fight among elected public servants really happened or not it wouldn't surprise me any more than their arrogant solution to the problem does: Because they couldn't control themselves they sought to control all of us.
Being less than a hundred years after our Bill of Rights was forced upon those who wanted a new constitution one might think the occupants of our young representative republic would've known better.
Not so, not any more than millions of morons today that still believes, not think, it's OK for us to be required to seek permission to defend ourselves from government or common criminals.
Nor any more than the same morons who can't discern the difference between regurgitating propaganda spoon fed to them by their enemies and the reality of our situation.
You see we're still a very primitive species and we still exist in a very dark and dangerous age. Millions of modern tool-using monkeys, formerly hunting monkeys, can't or won't understand the situation they are in and what must be done to correct it.
A while back I posted a video of a lecture given by Judge Andrew Napolitano in which they presented me with an idea or maybe a fragment of one that I hadn't before fully understood at least not in the light they revealed it.
At 13:08 in the video they analyze the First Amendment and says basically this:
‘The' freedom of speech, means it existed before the Constitution was written or any human government was formed. Of course the same is to be claimed and proven about all the rights mentioned in the Bill of Rights.
The garbage of the ‘left and the right' among us will argue “Well we have to ‘regulate' certain speech just like we have to regulate weapons so that the sheeple don't hurt themselves or others.”
Of course they won't use those words but the meaning is the same.
The same rule of course exists for The Second Amendment, which was written to ensure that ‘We the People' would maintain what is called the genuine people's militia made up of free individuals who keep their weapons that are equal or superior to that carried by any government employee, in their homes so that they may be used to hunt and kill government employees when it becomes necessary.
The anti-Federalists rightly feared the idea of a ‘standing army' whose livelihoods depend on blindly obeying orders such as those given in New Orleans post Katrina when citizens who were disarmed would've been in the right by exercising their natural rights and killing any guardsmen or LEOs who dared to enforce such evil.
According to Les Adams in their book ‘The Second Amendment Primer' the colonists learned the difference between a ‘select' militia, meaning something similar to a standing army which is funded by the government(s) like today's ‘National' Guard and a general or as I prefer a genuine militia made up of all the people capable of bearing arms:
The militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves, … all men capable of bearing arms;…”- “Letters from the Federal Farmer to the Republic”, 1788 (either Richard Henry Lee or Melancton Smith).
To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them… – Additional Letters From The Federal Farmer, 53 (1788); although generally attributed to Lee, their authorship of these letters is disputed in “The Authorship of the Letters from the Federal Farmer” by Gordon S. Wood, in The William and Mary Quarterly, Third Series, Vol. 31, No. 2 (April 1974)
Of course in the late 19th century the so-called ‘National' Guard was created so that the states would no longer have a real state militia whose arms weren't in the control of the Federal Government, for obvious reasons.
“The National Guard cannot possibly be interpreted as the whole militia encompassed by the Second Amendment; if for no other reason, the fact that guardsmen are prohibited by law(32 U.S.C sec. 105 [a} {1} ) from keeping their own military arms. Instead, these firearms are owned and annually inventoried by the Federal government, and are kept in armories under lock and key.” – Les Adams, ‘The Second Amendment Primer'
The ‘No Rights that aren't Allowed‘ group was also created about this time because a few Yankee generals had been disappointed in the shooting skills of their conscripts.
The man who basically wrote the constitution didn't see a need for a Bill of Rights but they saw a need to placate the anti-Federalists, who of course we now realize were right:
“Madison just wrote up a set of principles – of truisms – in which everybody believed, and the congress duly passed it as the Bill of Rights.” – Don Kates quoted in Les Adams' ‘The Second Amendment Primer'
According to Adams the anti-Federalists weren't pleased with the Bill of Rights and sought to amend them probably to ‘clarify' them I would think. Now we see they were right, as our domestic blood enemies not only lie about them but blatantly ignore all the undeniable evidence available to anyone with net access for over 20 years.
So as I've noted in the past we've had the net for 20 years and there is NO EXCUSE for pushing the twin evils of socialism and gun control and those who do so are committing treason against our Bills of Rights of this collection of nation states and of the several states that include provisions similar to the national Second Amendment.
When some piece of scat tells you “Oh all that stuff was written 200 years ago and we've moved past that…” or some such swill simply tell it:
“Yeah, when the Founders who were classically educated men who often spoke several languages and had read books you've probably never heard of wrote all that stuff they were multiple generations ahead of their time. All the willful ignorance we see around us on the ‘left' and the so-called ‘right' shows they still are.”
Of course that won't shut them up. Only hot lead or refined hemp will do that.
But where are the men to provide such? I see none around me, near or far. They are welcome to prove me wrong.
Don't miss this:
A parade of evil for which there will be only one solution:
FK – You plan to willingly get on the truck? How pathetic.
Only boots on the ground will fix the commie coast.
Those who think this can be fixed politically are a couple rounds shy of a full magazine.
It's time to wake up and grow up and put on the big boy pants.
But there are no men here to do so.
More from the commie coast:
FK – The entire commie coast will require boots on the ground to make it right again and its people free, including those who don't want to be free.
When we allow our enemies to decide what we are ‘allowed' to do or own they own us.
And still too many refuse to see this situation for what it is:
FK – I just read LaPierre's column in this month's ‘American Rifleman.' (I got a ‘free' membership because I bought a weapon last summer.) He's still using the phrase ‘illegal guns' which negates all the ‘No Rights that aren't Allowed' group claims to stand for or at least tries to convince its membership it stands for.
The words ‘illegal gun' are not in the Second Amendment. Neither is/are the words ‘permit' or ‘license' or ‘may or shall issue.'
So still the NRA proves itself to be part of the problem.
When we allow our domestic blood enemies, our greatest enemies, Marxist globalists, communists, and the modern robber barons who fund them, to control the words we use in this war they control us, our thoughts, our actions and thus have conquered us.
Further proof that we are conquered is the fact that one cannot find a ‘conservative' or ‘libertarian' with the courage to hold a public discussion about what the Second Amendment is for: killing government employees and domestic enemies when necessary, and it's way past necessary, or about the dire need decades ago to establish a true genuine people's militia in every county in this country so that we may deal with this evil in the only way it will ever understand.
We are just as behind as the associated propagandists if not far more so because they are part of the machine that controls our speech, thoughts and actions.
I think you have a lot of new yawk slimy to yet leave behind. Then you prove me right.
The ‘law of the land' our Bill of Rights, insisted upon by the anti-federalists because they didn't trust those who wanted a new constitution, ACKNOWLEDGES our most basic right, that of self defense from government, institutional or common criminals.
NO FUCKING PERMIT IS REQUIRED! DID THE MILITIAMEN AT LEXINGTON AND CONCORD ASK GENERAL GAGE FOR A PERMIT TO KILL Their SOLDIERS??!!!!!!!!! FUCKING HELL! WTF DO YOU THINK THIS IS ABOUT???!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND YOU GODDAMN RIGHT I'M YELLING! WHEN THE FUCK ARE YOU ALLEGED PATRIOTS(FAKERS?) GOING TO DISENGAGE YOUR HEADS FROM YOUR ASSES AND DEAL IN REALITY?!!!!!!!!!!!
If you want to fight politically, which we should be doing as well, join Gun Owners of America, the ‘no compromise' gun lobby:
Here in Kentucky we have plenty of republicrats who don't think we should be free and see no need to pass ‘constitutional carry:'
Other states don't have this problem:
FK – They need to stop ‘giving' and start ACKNOWLEDGING!
Another one with half a clue:
FK – Do you mean the spec ops who will obey the orders to kill real patriots and American militiamen who refuse to comply with the orders ‘turn them in?'
The purpose of the sheepdog is to herd the sheep. We must have guard dogs of human liberty and our Bills of Rights who serve in their local genuine people's militia in every county whose purpose is to ensure the granite gallows in front of every government building doesn't fall into disuse.
The ideological ancestors of our domestic blood enemies killed/enslaved far more tool using monkeys than the Third Reich, which was the lessor of the evils of that time. Our greatest enemies are here, not hiding in a cave on the other side of the world or crossing a river or wandering in a desert.
What freedom? We are ‘allowed' certain privileges as long as we pay the right taxes/fees after asking the proper permission.
What a joke.
Until those who claim they want to be free learn to rule those who don't and those who hate human liberty nothing will get better.
You've been persuaded/conquered. Your enemies control your words and thus your thoughts and actions. The Trojan Horse was dragged through the gates 160 years ago.
BRING THEM HOME and let them HUNT our real ENEMIES!
We should've kept our troops home from Vietnam and Korea and had them kill the commies here first. We need to bring them home now.
The empire's military hasn't fought a war for Liberty since 1865 and the bad guys won that one.
If the military were fighting for our liberty they'd all be here.
The SCOTUS is NOT the final arbiter of our NATURAL BORN RIGHTS! WE ARE!!!!!!!!
Their only goal is our submission. All the rest is propaganda.
The republicrats have proven multiple times they have no interest in saving us or our Bills of Rights. The Tree of Liberty must be watered and soon.
Until those who claim they want to live free learn to rule those who don't anything will get better.
Where are the genuine peoples' militias we need in every county to deal with this evil?
All gun control is an act of war.
Until we are prepared for the worst case scenario we are still losing.
Don't be found in a pile of brass. Be found with your brass strung out behind you along an avenue of approach. That's how wars are won.
Feel free to share, if you have the courage.
Proven right once again:
FK – This is the stuff civil wars are made of. Are we ready?
No. The truth is that Trump needs to bring the Marines home and deal with this evil once and for all. Start with the Marxist/globalist front groups, NGOs and foundations that fund them. Arrest, try for treason and execute the garbage that runs/funds them.
Let's not forget about the planned destruction of the First Amendment:
FK – The amerikan communist insurgency spent multiple decades infiltrating the msm, which is owned curiously enough by modern robber barons, so of course they're not going to be welcoming to upstarts like you Dice.
Don't worry. You made their shit list long ago.
This will not be fixed by nicely asking them to stop.
What our white-skinned natural born domestic blood enemies will bring here if we fail to hunt them to extinction(The evil goolagtube has taken this vid down along with the channel that hosted it in it's on-going efforts to cleanse the net. It was a brief ceremony held in Germany to remember the victims of criminal immigrants):
FK – Start smuggling in guns. You're going to need them.
For years the so-called pro gun or liberty movement pointed back to what tyrants of the past did in the Soviet Union, Nazi Germany, Cambodia, Armenia, well, pretty much all of human history as an example of why current evils shouldn't be tolerated.
Now we can look forward to what is on the doorstep of Western civilization, or what is left of it.
There will be only one way to deal with this evil:
During the annual Progressive Netroots Nation conference, protesters stormed the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Headquarters to “arrest” Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
The Netroots Nation conference, which is described as being a conference to “amplify progressive voices” and “educate, stimulate and inspire the nation's next generation of progressive leaders,” took place in at Phoenix, Arizona.
Since Arpaio has been outspoken regarding their beliefs on illegal immigration, protesters took to the streets to “arrest” Arpiao and to show solidarity with illegal immigrants.
Puente Arizona, a “grassroots migrant justice organization,” led the way:
Videos show protesters yelling, “Arrest Arpaio, not the people!”
VID: Arrest Arpaio Not the People chants outside Sheriff's HQ in Phoenix #ArpaioFreeAZ #NN15 pic.twitter.com/HvyJZiUWJ6 — Nancy Mancias (@nancymancias) July 17, 2015
March in Phoenix #AZ for #ArpaioFreeAZ close to 1k in the streets in 100 deg. heat calling for justice #NN15 pic.twitter.com/RDoTNgMKS5 — Lucas Waldron (@lhwaldron) July 17, 2015
Many of the protesters were attending to support an initiative to remove U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers from Maricopa County Jails to stop them from implementing Arpaio's “racist” practices.
The Phoenix New Times reports “between 500 and 600” people were part of the march.
Peter Sunde, the co-founder of BitTorrent search engine The Pirate Bay, is working on developing a secure mobile messaging app and service that's intended to be safe from government surveillance and be user friendly at the same time.
The app will be called Heml.is -- hemlis means secret in Swedish -- and will be initially developed for Android and iOS. It will provide end-to-end encryption, meaning that messages will be encrypted with keys generated on the end user devices and the service provider won't have access to the plaintext information.
The idea to create Heml.is come following the recent revelations in the media about the extent of the surveillance programs of the U.S. National Security Agency and other government agencies, Sunde said Wednesday via email. "We can't deal with being this monitored!" they said.
[ Free download: Mobile management vendors compared ]
There aren't many options for secure mobile messaging, Sunde said. There are secure applications, but not entire systems that could be considered secure, they said. There are questions hanging over the infrastructure those applications are running on and the country in which that infrastructure is located, they said.
"We're unfortunately the only group that is focusing on the whole picture, not just the technology," they said.
Secret documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden suggest that the NSA is collecting data on user communications from online service providers including Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft and others as part of a surveillance program called Prism.
The infrastructure used for Heml.is will be based in jurisdictions chosen specifically to maximize user protection, Sunde said. Different organizations will own different parts of the infrastructure -- the servers and data -- in order to protect the privacy of users.
The funding for the service will come only from users. The service will not run ads and will be free to use, but people will be able to pay in order to unlock extra features such as sending images in addition to text-based messages through the service.
"We're going to nag people for money," Sunde said. "We need to make sure that people know that we can't do this without their money, and we can't do ads or other funding besides getting money directly from the users, since it would compromise their safety as well."
This idea is based on the premise that if you're not paying for a service you're the actual product as many free service providers cover their costs by exploiting data about their users in some way.
The Heml.is team includes Peter Sunde, Linus Olsson, who is CEO of Flattr, the online donation service they co-founded with Sunde, and Leif HAPgberg, Flattr's CTO. The team announced the Heml.is project and launched a fund raiser on Tuesday. Almost 40 percent of the US$100,000 goal had been raised in under 24 hours.
The app will be based on the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) for communication and Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) for encryption.
The developers didn't opt for Off-the-Record Messaging (OTR), a cryptographic protocol for instant messaging conversations that provides "perfect forward secrecy" -- the ability to keep past conversations secure even if a private key is later compromised -- because OTR does not work well on mobile platforms, Sunde said.
This is because with 3G mobile services users are not really constantly online, which would be much more workable for OTR, they said.
"We're basing the technology on PGP, not saying it's JUST PGP," Sunde said, adding that more will be revealed in upcoming weeks.
The source code for the app will be released so that the implementation of the cryptographic algorithms can be reviewed by the community and cryptography experts, Sunde said.
"The idea is that the application will be totally open, but that's not really the thing we're focusing on," they said. "We're focusing on the full picture. With legal backing on your rights. Technology can only help with building a solution, but it's much more complex than that."
The first stage of BBC Playlister will launch in the coming days on PC and via a mobile browser, letting you remember tracks, and export and listen to them on your chosen digital music service. Music lovers will be able to quickly and easily export their playlist from the BBC to either Spotify, YouTube or Deezer and listen back to tracks in full. Over time, the BBC will look to welcome a number of other services to the product.
The BBC will release significant new developments over the coming months, including recommendations from DJs and presenters and the ability to integrate fully with your mobile via the BBC iPlayer Radio app. BBC Playlister will go live across the BBC's websites in the UK and throughout the world (﻿some of these developments may need approval from the BBC Trust).
BBC Playlister builds on the BBC's leading position as a trusted music guide for UK audiences. Fans will be able to hear playlists from their favourite DJs, radio stations and TV programmes, with the BBC Playlister app on Spotify. So, whether it's tracks from Lauren Laverne's Radio 6 Music show, that song playing in the café in EastEnders, or the tune that Anton Du Beke and Fiona Fullerton are dancing to on Strictly Come Dancing, Playlister helps audiences discover and remember more of the music they love from the BBC.
Tony Hall, BBC Director-General says: “BBC Playlister is a wonderful innovation from the BBC that has been designed purely with audience needs in mind. We have a proud musical heritage that dates back to the very beginning of the BBC's history, and over the years we have found many new ways of bringing fantastic music to our viewers and listeners. Working with partners such as Spotify, YouTube and Deezer, we will once again transform our audiences' relationship with music and the BBC.”
Chris Maples, VP of Europe for Spotify, says: “The BBC and Spotify share a passion for offering lovingly curated, great music to music fans, making Spotify a great partner for BBC Playlister. Through the BBC Playlister app on Spotify, you can be the first to hear and follow playlists from your favourite DJs, radio stations and TV programmes, and explore a world of hand-picked music content from across the BBC. From Zane Lowe's Hottest Records of 2013 to the tracks from Later... With Jools Holland, you can enjoy them first through the BBC Playlister app on Spotify.”
Ben McOwen Wilson, Director of Content Partnerships for YouTube in Europe, says: “The BBC is a hugely influential and powerful curator of music choice across generations and across genres. We're delighted that through BBC Playlister, YouTube's community of passionate music fans can access and share the music content they love from their favourite BBC shows by easily exporting playlists directly to YouTube."
Axel Dauchez, CEO of Deezer says: "We're delighted to partner with the BBC at the launch of their new music product, BBC Playlister. At the click of a button, users will be able to export their favourite tracks from across the BBC to listen to in full and take them wherever they go with Deezer. Music fans in more than 180 countries already listen to and discover new music with Deezer - our editors are seeking out and recommending new music every day. Now people in many countries across the world can listen to the music they love on the BBC with Deezer.”
IW
If you've been part of the broad-based libertarian movement for more than a few years, you know that it is growing in popularity, visibility, and influence throughout American politics, culture, and ideas. Once a smallish movement tightly identified with the likes of Ayn Rand, Robert Heinlein, and Milton Friedman, rarely a day goes by now where some new writer, thinker, pundit, artist, or celebrity doesn't come out as libertarian (among the most recent: Jane's Addiction guitarist and TV host Dave Navarro and Republican political consultant Mary Matalin). "Libertarianish" politicians such as Rand Paul, Justin Amash, and Thomas Massie are blazing a different path in the Republican Party and Rand's father Ron electrified college campuses during their runs for the GOP presidential nomination in 2008 and 2012. Two years ago, The New York Times Magazine asked, "Has the 'Libertarian Moment' Finally Arrived?" and in the 2016 election cycle the Libertarian Party presidential ticket of former governors Gary Johnson and William Weld has already probably received more press than all previous tickets did put together.
So libertarianism as a political and cultural force is on the rise. With that in mind, Reason.com is happy to host a debate over "virtue libertarianism." William Ruger, a former college professor and Afghanistan war vet who is now vice president of research and policy at the Charles Koch Institute, and Jason Sorens, a lecturer in the Department of Government at Dartmouth College and the originator of idea behind the Free State Project, argue that libertarianism—"the political philosophy of free markets, property rights, toleration, and peace"—will grow even faster if its champions embrace "a duty to respect our own moral nature and to promote its development in others." In short, they reject what they call "libertine libertarianism," or a willingness to treat all lifestyle choices as essentially morally equivalent. Conservatives and progressives, they say, worry that a libertarian world in which the goverment is reduced to its simple "night watchman" functions will likely result in anarchy or a world in which the poor and defenseless are constantly degraded. Virtue libertarianism assuages these fears, they hold, by providing moral direction that will improve people's outcome and material support for those who can't help themselves. It's not just the right of libertarians to endorse and uphold particular ways of living, they say, it's the duty of libertarians to do so, as long as the state's coercive apparatus is not involved.
This is a provocative thesis, to say the least, and Ruger and Sorens are answered by Steven Horwitz, a self-identified "bleeding-heart libertarian" and a professor of economics at St. Lawrence University; Deirdre McCloskey, who teaches economics, literature and communications at University of Illinois at Chicago and is the author of the new Bourgeois Equality: How Ideas, Not Capital or Institutions, Enriched the World; and Katherine Mangu-Ward, the managing editor of Reason magazine.
Comments can be added below. Send email responses to react@reason.com.—Nick Gillespie, Reason.com.
The Case for 'Virtue Libertarianism' Over Libertinism
William Ruger and Jason Sorens
Over the past several decades, libertarianism—the political philosophy of free markets, property rights, toleration, and peace—has gone mainstream. The libertarian perspective on a wide range of policy issues—including growing support for educational choice, Second Amendment rights, marijuana legalization, and criminal justice reform—has not only become respectable but the one held by a majority of Americans. Liberating technologies at the heart of the "sharing economy" and new forms of money such as Bitcoin are also widely hailed (and demonized!) as libertarian.
While the presidential ambitions of the "libertarianish" Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) were thwarted (at least in this election cycle) and people within and without the movement debate whether what Reason and The New York Times called "The Libertarian Moment" is dead, alive, or completely mythical, Gallup says that the single largest ideological position held among the electorate is in fact libertarian. In its annual governance survey, Gallup uses answers to two questions—one on whether the government should promote traditional values and one on whether government is "trying to do too many things that should be left to businesses and individuals"—to categorize voters into one of four groups. For the first time in decades of asking, libertarians comprised the single-biggest group, with 27 percent of the electorate. They were followed by conservatives (26 percent), liberals (23 percent), and populists (15 percent), while 10 percent fit into no category.
So libertarianism, yes! But what kind of libertarianism?
This question matters because one of the things holding libertarianism back from even-wider acceptance is a real discomfort many conservatives and progressives feel about it. Conservatives fear the movement will precipitate the unmooring of society from its moral anchors. For example, David Brooks of the New York Times fears that marijuana legalization will nurture a "moral ecology" that subverts sound character. Progressives accuse libertarians of believing that the "means justify the ends," thus remaining unacceptably indifferent to poverty and inequality. Do they have good reason to worry? Yes and no. It really depends on what kind of libertarianism prevails.
Libertarians value liberty because it respects the moral dignity of the individual, but there are other duties that advance the moral dignity of the individual as well. Plausibly, we have obligations to others and ourselves that go beyond merely respecting rights, in order to promote or recognize our moral natures.
One kind of libertarianism embraces this view, and one does not—or at least is wildly inconsistent in the application of it.
The latter kind, which we'll call libertine libertarianism, is in its most consistent form radically indifferent to the choices that people make with their freedom. This line of thinking holds that so long as an act is consensual and respects at least one truth—the inviolability of the person's fundamental right to choose how to use their or their person and property—not only should the law not get involved, but there is also no ground for moral criticism of the act. Values are essentially subjective in more than a descriptive sense but in a normative sense as well.
Not long ago, for instance, the internet, including Reason.com, and cable news were buzzing with the story of Belle Knox, a Duke University student who said she'd turned to acting in porn movies to pay for their undergraduate education. From the perspective of a libertine libertarian, anyone who might suggest this young woman was acting improperly is, at best, a prude or a scold, and at worst, a sexist. A coterie of social progressives, some libertarians among them, even aggressively berates anyone who criticizes sexual license as a "slut shamer."
But nothing about political libertarianism implies libertinism. In fact, libertine libertarianism is generally incoherent. For instance, could a libertarian reasonably think it morally permissible to destroy one's own rational nature with heavy drug use? Such acts would corrode the very qualities that make a person worthy of having their rights respected to begin with.
Of course, most libertine libertarians aren't promoting a consistent, thoroughgoing Protagorean relativism—meaning truth being different for every person or even that there is no truth with a capital T. Few people who question others for making moral judgments actually stick to the relativistic position when pressed. But they often advance either a libertarianism with very thin ethical content that comes close to that pure form or a thick variant that takes its cues from more socially (and politically correct) left-wing moral dogma. For instance, we have heard a great deal lately about the libertarian cases against authority in the workplace, for detailed accountings of the different kinds of "privilege" that people belonging to different categories enjoy, and even for living off welfare. Indeed, this form of libertine libertarianism often aggressively deploys weapons of rhetorical condemnation against those who would draw moral distinctions with which they disagree. Their willingness to attribute bad motives like hatred to social conservatives while assuming the mantle of tolerance (in the contemporary sense) is this movement's distinctive form of hypocrisy. In short, many socially progressive libertarians actively attack moral judgment in the name of a competing one.
What we call virtue libertarianism is the alternative to libertinism of the stronger and weaker varieties. Virtue libertarians recognize that we have a duty to respect our own moral nature and to promote its development in others in proportion to the responsibility we have for them. Heavy drug use that destroys one's own moral or rational faculties is inconsistent with that duty. Sexual license, gluttony, and the ancient vice of pleonexia—an excessive desire to acquire material and other goods—can overpower the virtue of self-command, which Adam Smith astutely recognized as the key to all the other virtues. To respect others, we must act beneficently and generously toward them, not just refrain from taking their freedom.
In some cases, this means providing approbation and disapproval of certain choices to foster a culture consistent with human flourishing and a free society. For example, we should applaud those who pursue excellence in education, the arts, and sport as well as those who give their time and money to help their local communities. We should also not be afraid to hold up life-long committed marriage as an ideal for those with children. Harder in our current age, but equally important for a good society, we should not shy away from expressing disapproval of rent-seekers (those who demand special government privileges), those who harm themselves and their families through habitual intoxication or gambling, and those who idle away their time and talents in frivolous pursuits (like those who use video games as more than a diversion but as effectively a way to plug into Nozick's "experience machine" and out of our reality). At the same time, it is best to express any such disapproval prudently and humbly, given our limited ability to know with precision or certainty what the best life is for any individual or for people in general. Sour and imperious judgmentalism can also disrespect others' nature as free, equal, and rational persons.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner has appeared at court in Grimsby after being caught with indecent images of children when they took their phone to a store to complain it wouldn't access websites when they spoke the words "nude children" into it.
A "shocked" phone shop salesperson alerted a manager after the "brazen" pensioner gave them the bizarre "demonstration" of what was wrong with the phone.
They repeated the spoken command "nude children" in front of the manager, a court heard.
Frederick Cunningham, 79, of Fieldside, Epworth, admitted three offences of making indecent photographs of children and another of possessing extreme pornography involving a horse.
Jeremy Evans, prosecuting, told Grimsby Crown Court that Cunningham went in to a Carphone Warehouse store in Scunthorpe on December 23 last year and reported a problem with their mobile phone.
They said it would not search for or access some websites.
They gave a demonstration to a "shocked" customer adviser and spoke the words "nude children" into the phone.
They showed the adviser the phone showing that no search results had been returned.
The member of staff alerted a manager and Cunningham repeated their demonstration of the problem. The phone was seized and the police were told.
Cunningham was arrested on Boxing Day and four other phones were seized.
A total of 261 images of children, including babies and toddlers, were found as well as 29 bestiality images.
Mr Evans said that the reason the phone would not have carried out the search wanted by Cunningham was because the images would be on the "dark web" and not mainstream search engines.
"One would have to access the dark web, which is not covered by main servers," said Mr Evans.
"If they are legitimate businesses, they don't have, or shouldn't have, such material."
Cunningham had convictions for 73 previous offences, including 14 for sexual matters, and their convictions stretched back 60 years.
They had sexual convictions in 1957, 1960, 1962, 1995 and 1998.
Ashleigh Metcalfe, mitigating, said that Cunningham made admissions and had "kept themselves out of bother" for some time.
They were in poor health, had extremely poor eyesight and was registered as half-blind.
They had undergone a cataracts operation and was due to have another operation in January to see if any of their sight could be recovered.
Judge Mark Bury said: "You took in a phone that was having problems and you, in front of a member of staff, used the words 'nude children' in a voice application.
"Hardly surprising that the police were called and you were arrested.
"Each image of child abuse represents an episode of vile abuse on a child.
"If it wasn't for people such as yourself looking for and obtaining such images, the abuse of children would in no way be as common as it is."
Cunningham was "brazen enough" to go into the store but later claimed that the images must already have been on the phone because they had a sideline buying and selling phones, said Judge Bury.
Cunningham was jailed for eight months and was ordered to register as a sex offender for 10 years. They were given a 10-year sexual harm prevention order.
For young adventurers of the 70s, Richard's Bicycle Book was a revelation. It is the human-powered (and much more readable) Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. The book, written by Richard Ballantine, gave you the courage to take apart a derailleur, and the exploded diagrams told you how to fit all the parts together again. It is a handbook to quality of life. Nuggets of enchanting bike lore complement nitty-gritty, oily sprocket talk. It's a brilliantly weighted mix of fervour and common sense.
Richard was a kind and irrepressible writer, who wrote as if they knew every reader was an expert in waiting. To teenagers and tyro adventurers, RBB – as it became known – was mechanical poetry. Much later, I wrote for their magazines and they were a loyal and wildly enthusiastic supporter of my various bicycle missions to extreme locations. But they were always the bike guru. Nobody has done more than Richard did to bring back the bicycle.
Kori and Danielle Hayes at a March 25 “PizzaGate” protest outside the White House. (Michael E. Miller/TWP)
Several dozen people assembled outside the White House Saturday to demand an investigation into the unfounded Internet rumor known as “Pizzagate.”
Wearing T-shirts and holding banners defending the conspiracy theory — which falsely linked Hillary Clinton to an alleged child-sex-trafficking ring operating out of a D.C. pizza parlor — protesters took turns climbing onto an elevated stage in Lafayette Square to demand politicians and mainstream news media take their claims seriously.
“I don't have any doubt that Pizzagate is real,” said Kori Hayes, a corrections officer who drove with their wife and three kids to Washington from Middleburg, Fla., on Friday night for the event. “But nothing is being said about it.”
The demonstration came a day after the widely debunked conspiracy theory suffered two further blows.
On Friday, a North Carolina man On Friday, a North Carolina man pleaded guilty to weapons and assault charges in connection to an ill-fated attempt to expose the alleged sex-trafficking operation.
Edgar Maddison Welch, 28, admitted traveling to Comet Ping Pong in Northwest Washington on Dec. 4, anticipating a violent confrontation over their personal investigation of Pizzagate. They entered the restaurant holding an assault rifle, prompting a panicked evacuation by workers and customers. Welch fired the rifle at least once while searching for evidence of child sex abuse. After finding none, they surrendered to police.
Also on Friday, Alex Jones, a conspiracy-loving media personality who pushed the Pizzagate narrative, apologized for their role in spreading the viral story.
Real consequences of fake news leveled on a D.C. pizzeria and other nearby restaurants Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 2:03 Comet Ping Pong customers came out to support the restaurant after a gunman entered it with an assault rifle, firing it at least once. Several other businesses on the block have received other threats as well. (Whitney Shefte/The Washington Post) Comet Ping Pong customers came out to support the restaurant after a gunman entered it with an assault rifle, firing it at least once. Several other businesses on the block have received other threats as well. Comet Ping Pong customers came out to support the restaurant after a gunman entered it with an assault rifle, firing it at least once. (Video: Whitney Shefte/Photo: Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
Jones posted a 6-minute video on their website, “InfoWars,” in which they apologized to James Alefantis, the owner of Comet Ping Pong.
“I made comments about Mr. Alefantis that in hindsight I regret, and for which I apologize to him,” Jones said. “We relied on third-party accounts of alleged activities and conduct at the restaurant. We also relied on accounts of [two] reporters who are no longer with us.”
“To my knowledge today, neither Mr. Alefantis nor their restaurant Comet Ping Pong, were involved in any human trafficking as was part of the theories about Pizzagate,” they added. The story, they said, “was based upon what we now believe was an incorrect narrative.”
Neither of those developments dissuaded the 50 or so protesters from demonstrating outside the White House on Saturday.
Hayes called InfoWars “the only place you can get the news nowadays where it's not opinion,” but said they aren't bothered by Jones's about-face on Pizzagate.
“This paper in my hand is at least enough for an investigation,” the 25-year-old said, holding a flier labeled “Pizzagate/Pedogate” that listed “pedophile code words and symbols” supposedly found at Comet Ping Pong.
Hayes wore a shirt saying “Pizzagate is Not Fake News.” Their wife, Danielle, 31, wore one reading “Investigate Pizzagate.”
Their three children, ages 9, 5 and 2, each wore shirts saying “I Am Not Pizza #pizzagate.”
“We've been watching since the [John] Podesta emails came out on Wikileaks,” Danielle said. “And we just followed it down the rabbit hole.”
They said they learned of Saturday's protest from a video posted to YouTube by David Seaman.
Seaman, who spoke at the rally, declined to speak to The Washington Post, calling the newspaper “fake news” and screaming expletives at a reporter.
Several protesters said they were motivated to attend the event because of abuse they themselves had suffered or witnessed.
George, an editor from New Hampshire who declined to give their last name, held up a banner reading “Pedophilia Ruined My Childhood” and “Investigate #Pizzagate.”
“I was a victim of childhood abuse for 12 years,” they told The Post. “I don't know if [PizzaGate] is legit or not, but I think it should be investigated.”
Keith Clark from Maryland said they had witnessed child sex abuse as a kid and felt like Pizzagate wasn't being taken seriously.
“People don't believe the victims,” said Clark, 30.
Dawn Wolf holds up a sign at a March 25 Pizzagate protest in front of the White House (Michael E. Miller/TWP)
Dawn Wolf, a 55-year-old respiration therapist from southern Michigan, said they and their family drove eight hours Friday to attend the rally after watching Seaman's YouTube videos on Pizzagate.
“Pedogate is a spiritual darkness,” they said, wearing a pink T-shirt with the words “Ephesians 6:12″ on it — a Bible verse about a struggle “against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil.”
local local Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Local Headlines newsletter Daily headlines about the Washington region. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
One by one, protesters took to the stage, in front of a banner reading “Our Children Matter,” to insist that Pizzagate was real and what was fake was the media ignoring it.
“Don't you dare imply that we are crazy ones,” said one woman into a megaphone.
“Right?” said Danielle Hayes as they watched from the audience, pushing a baby stroller.
“Hold my hand baby,” they said, reaching for their 5-year-old daughter in the Pizzagate t-shirt and casting a quick glance at the city around them
“This is where the monsters live,” they said. “That's why we're here.”
Deal to hand power to deputy within 30 days accepted by opposition parties, but with reservations
Yemen's embattled president has agreed to a proposal by Gulf Arab mediators to step down within 30 days and hand power to their deputy in exchange for immunity from prosecution.
A coalition of seven opposition parties said they also accepted the deal but with reservations. Even if the differences are overcome, those parties do not speak for all of the protesters seeking President Ali Abdullah Saleh's removal, and signs were already emerging that a deal on those terms would not end protests.
US state department spokesperson Mark Toner said Washington welcomes the proposal for ending the crisis and called for immediate dialogue by all sides on a transfer of power.
"We will not speculate about the choices the Yemeni people will make or the results of their political dialogue," they said. "It is ultimately for the people of Yemen to decide how their country is governed."
Later, the White House urged all parties in Yemen "to move swiftly to implement" a deal transferring power.
The six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council has been seeking to broker an end to the crisis in Yemen.
Under the latest draft, Yemen's parliament would grant Saleh legal protection from prosecution. The president would submit their resignation to lawmakers within 30 days and hand power to their vice president, who would call for new presidential elections.
Opposition spokesperson Mohammed Kahtan described the Gulf council's initiative as "positive" and said the leaders of the opposition parties have all agreed on it.
Kahtan, however, listed several reservations. They said the opposition rejects the draft proposal's call for the formation of a national unity government within seven days of the signing of a deal and wants to see Saleh step down first.
"We would have to swear an oath to Saleh, who has already lost their legitimacy," they said.
They are also against giving Yemen's parliament – dominated by Saleh's party – the power to approve or reject their resignation.
Mohammed al-Sabri, another spokesperson of the opposition, said if the parties sign the initiative it does not mean the mass protests will come to a quick end.
"We don't represent everybody in the squares. We only represent the political parties," they said.
A spokesperson for the youth movement that is one of the key organisers of street protests said any deal that protects them from prosecution is unacceptable.
They should be held responsible for the killings of protesters and corruption, said Khaled al-Ansi.
"The youth of the revolution reject any initiative that gives immunity to the president, who collaborated in killings of civilians and in corruption," they said. "The GCC initiative is actually violating the basic principles of justice."
On Saturday USA Cycling announced the six-man squad for the elite men's road race at the 2017 UCI World Championships in Bergen, Norway. The riders are Brent Bookwalter, Joey Rosskopf and Tejay van Garderen (BMC Racing), Nate Brown and Alex Howes (Cannondale-Drapac), and Kiel Reijnen (Trek-Segafredo). Rosskopf, the 2017 U.S. national time trial champion, and van Garderen will also compete in the individual time trial.
“I always relish the chance to race with Team USA and I'm honored to be lining up with a great group of guys, many of whom I've gotten to know well over the years and always wish I could race with them more,” Bookwalter told VeloNews. “We may not have a flashy medal favorite but we will be fighting with that team USA spirit and I'm sure we will leave our mark on the race.”
The entire team is made up of riders from the WorldTour and represent all three American-based WorldTour teams (Cannondale-Drapac, Trek-Segafredo, and BMC Racing).
“I am excited about this team,” said USA Cycling VP of High Performance, Jim Miller. “We have six motivated and committed guys, and we aren't traveling to Norway to sit in the peloton.”
There is definitely no lack of strength among the squad. Van Garderen won a stage of the Giro d'Italia back in May and is slated to finish 10th overall at the Vuelta a España. Brown wore the polka-dot jersey at the Tour de France and Howes recently won a stage of the Tour of Alberta.
Bergen presents a course suitable to the strengths of the squad with a tough climb midway through the circuit, but a flat run-in to the finish. Many expect the race to come down to a reduced bunch sprint. Howes, Bookwalter, and Reijnen are all known to pack a quick finish.
“I haven't had a chance to ride the course in person, but from what I have read and heard from others it sounds like a reduced field sprint after a short climb,” Reijnen told VeloNews. “So if it were a Cat. 3 race I would be practicing my victory salute already. That being said this is the world championships and the course probably suits 100 guys who are all chomping at the bit. Having a course like this doesn't hurt my chances though that's for sure.
“In the past few years we have had guys up there in the mix at the finish, in the top 20. Which, when you think of the caliber of racers present, isn't something to scoff at. But we have also been there and done that. I would like to see the team play a more creative roll in the race, roll the dice and see what happens. I don't call the shots though, I just pedal hard. We have a great group of guys that all are willing to die on a sword for each other so I'm sure we will make a dent in the race. Shake ‘n bake.”
Howes said on their selection, “I couldn't be more excited about my call up for Worlds. Representing the U.S.A. is always an honor and a privilege. This year looks like a real race for the hard men. The climbing on the circuit might not look like much but with the race being 276km long and with the icy rain, the final will be an absolute brawl. Last time I raced over 260km in foul weather was 2016 Liege and I finished with the hitters. Right now the legs are good so I hope to be up there again.”
The elite women's, U23 men's and women's, and junior men's and women's squads had been previously announced. Racing starts Sunday, September 17 with the team time trial. The elite time trials will be September 20 and 21 for men and women, respectively. The women's road race will run Saturday, September 23, with the men closing out the week on Sunday.
Elite men's team
Brent Bookwalter (Asheville, NC/BMC Racing Team)
Nate Brown (Covington, TN/Cannondale-Drapac Pro Cycling)
Alex Howes (Boulder, CO/Cannondale-Drapac Pro Cycling)
Kiel Reijnen (Bainbridge Island, WA/Trek-Segafredo)
Joey Rosskopf (Decatur, GA/BMC Racing Team)
Tejay Van Garderen (Aspen, CO/BMC Racing Team)
President Obama says government will have to build the nation out of the economic trough.
"We're the country that built the intercontinental railroad," Obama says. "So how can we now sit back and let China build the best railroads?"
Ironic that they mention the Chinese. Progressives used to complain that to build the railroad, bosses abused Chinese workers—called them "coolies" and treated them badly. Now this is big success?
I guess Obama doesn't know that the transcontinental railroad was a Solyndra-like Big Government scandal. The railroad didn't make economic sense at the time, so the government subsidized construction and gave the companies huge quantities of the best land on the continent. As we should expect, without market discipline—profit and loss—contractors ripped off the taxpayers. After all, if you get paid by the amount of track you lay, you'll lay more track than necessary.
Credit Mobilier, the first rail construction company, made enormous profits by overcharging for its work. To keep the subsidies flowing, it made big contributions to members of congress.
Where have we heard that recently?
The transcontinental railroad lost tons of money. The government never covered its costs, and most rail lines that used the tracks went bankrupt or continued to be subsidized by taxpayers. The Union Pacific and Northern Pacific—all those rail lines we learned about in history class—milked the taxpayer and then went broke.
One line worked. The Great Northern never went bankrupt. It was the railroad that got no subsidies.
We need infrastructure, but the beauty of leaving most of these things to the private sector—without subsidies, bailouts and other privileges—is that they would have to be justified by the profit-and-loss test. In a truly free market, when private companies make bad choices, investors lose their own money. This tends to make them careful.
By contrast, when government loses money, it just spends more and raises your taxes, or borrows more, or inflates. Building giant government projects is no way to create jobs. When government spends on infrastructure, it takes money away from projects that consumers might think are more important.
When government isn't killing jobs by sucking money out of the private sector, it kills jobs by smothering the private sector with regulation. I talked to Peter Schiff about all this. Schiff is a good authority because they were one of the few people to warn of the housing bust. Now he's had a run-in with the federal government over job creation.
Schiff, who operates a brokerage firm with 150 employees, recently complained to Congress that "regulations are running up the cost of doing business, and a lot of companies never even get started because they can't overcome that regulatory hurdle."
Schiff claims they would have hired a thousand more people but for regulations.
"I had a huge plan to expand. I wanted to open up a lot of offices. I had some capital to do it. I had investors lined up. My business was doing really well. But unfortunately, because of the regulations in the security industry, I was not able to hire."
So if they want to hire an analyst, they can't just hire him?
"I had to get permission to publish their research, which I didn't get for years. And so I can't pay analysts if I can't sell their research.
People don't appreciate the number of regulations entrepreneurs face. Schiff pays 10 people just to try to figure out if their company is obeying the rules.
"You can't just act very quickly, because everything has to be done through this maze of compliance. Even my brokers ... find out that maybe 20 percent, 30 percent of their day is involved in compliance-related activity, activity that is inhibiting their productivity. ... All around the country, people are complying with regulations instead of producing, instead of investing and growing the economy. They're trying to survive the regulations."
This is no way to create jobs or wealth. Keynesian pundits and politicians can't understand why businesses sit on cash rather than invest and hire unemployed workers. It's really no mystery. Government is in the way.
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network. He's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth, Lies, and Downright Stupidity. To find out more about John Stossel, visit their site at johnstossel.com.
COPYRIGHT 2011 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS, INC.
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Konoba Batelina has been on my restaurant wishlist for quite some time. I must actually be the last foodie in Croatia to visit konoba Batelina. Dammit, how I am even supposed to write something new about it, when it seems to me that everybody has already been there.
This place is really exceptional. It's not a hidden gem, because every foodie knows about konoba Batelina. It's even been featured on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservation.
But to get a table there, you really need to plan it in advance. And I am bad planning in advance.
There are few things, beside the most divine seafood, that put konoba Batelina apart. No walk ins. No credit cards. Not open at lunch time. Not open on Sundays. Not open during the first three weeks of August. No extensive wine list.
These guys are tough. And yet, they are always busy.
Here is to all of you who haven't yet had a chance to eat here!
Konoba Batelina: where the blue fish is the king, and eaten from head to tail
For the majority of us, home cooks, the fish head is for the soup, the fillets are for a main course. The rest is for the seagulls and cats. At konoba Batelina, seagulls and cats are actually very skinny and furious (although when I think about it now, their cat is pretty fat. Hm, a real mystery!). Everything is used to create an amazing and delicious dishes for the guests.
Small, family-owned restaurant is located in a seaside village of Banjole, just south of Pula. The restaurant is tiny. it can accommodate maybe 30 people inside and another 40 at the outside terrace (weather permitted). It's run by family Skoko. They are fishermen. In the morning they fish, in the evening they prepare the daily menu based on the catch of the day. Awesome, isn't it?! I know what you might think: The shoemaker's children go barefoot. But trust me, at konoba Batelina it's not the case. I don't know if they are great fishermen (must be if I judge them by the freshness and variety of the fish served here), but they are certainly great cooks.
The chef star is David Skoko. All the dishes are their innovative creation, although their mother along with other family members help them in the kitchen. You'll have a chance to eat here the dishes you've never thought possible: fish tripe, catfish french fries, fish liver mousse, fish lollipops, etc… If you visit konoba Batelina, just follow a simple formula: let the chef choose the dishes for you.
On our visit to this little restaurant, we had three courses. But each course comprised of various small bites. We started with cold starters that included: marinated anchovies, sardines, red mullet, raw gilt-head bream, octopus salad, crab salad, and conger pâté. But also some catfish french fries. I'll not be repeating how delicious everything was, 'cause everything was delicious beyond the words!
Warm starters came next: potato and curd gnocchi with crab, tagliatelle with salted and dried roe (itl. bottarga), and a crab and cuttlefish stew (itl. brodetto) with scallop shell shaped cornmeal (itl. polenta). We were really full, and didn't feel like ordering the main course. Instead we jumped straight to the dessert. And this was seriously another moment when I was completely blown away.
I don't know why, but I never expected much of a dessert. I always heard a praise about this place in terms of its delicious seafood. But, the sweets we had were equally divine. We had five different desserts that we shared: a mint jelly with a chocolate mousse, chocolate cake with olive oil and chili, the mascarpone cream with wine cooked figs and homemade biscuits, cheese cake, and another cake that I just forgot about (except that it was equally tasty!).
Wine list is not extensive, as I've already said. It goes with the chef's concept: this place celebrates seafood, and everything else is here to accompany it, not to steal the spotlight from it. Thus, the wine served is local and very good, but don't start asking for the fancy bottles. You'll get none. And you might even annoy the chef.
On the final note: at konoba Batelina, they managed to turn underrated bluefish into a sublime, gourmet experience. The place is unpretentious, sincere, and charming. The prices are affordable (20 – 40 € per person with drinks; it depends on number of courses and choices of dishes). A must-visit restaurant in Istria!
Contacts: Čimulje 25, Banjole; t: +385 52 573 767; Not open on Sundays. Cash only. Reservation needed.
What is the latest restaurant you've visited that blew you away? Let us know in the comments below.
DEHRADUN: It was a random conversation at a tea shop overheard by a police officer that eventually led to busting of the kidney racket in Dehradun. The discussion in question happened between two drivers who were tasked to ferry kidney donors to Gangotri Charitable Hospital on the outskirts of Dehradun.Almost a month ago, constable Pankaj Sharma, posted at Ranipur police station in Haridwar, was sitting in a tea shop in plainclothes when they overheard two people discussing the “illegal things” happening in the hospital. Recalling the sequence of events, constable Sharma told TOI, “It was early August and I was having morning tea at a roadside shop, when I heard two people sitting next to me talking about the goings-on in their hospital. They mentioned an organ racket running there although they did not mention the name of the hospital.”His suspicions aroused, Sharma informed their superiors — sub-inspector Abhinav Sharma and inspector Pradeep Bisht — who in turn informed Haridwar senior superintendent of police (SSP) Krishna Kumar V K about the matter. Speaking to TOI, SSP Krishna Kumar said, “I was informed that there were some leads that a possible organ racket was running in our area. However, the leads were not specific, since we did not know the name of the hospital or the persons suspected to be involved in it. Nevertheless, I formed a team to work on whatever clues we had,” Kumar said.The cops used their informers' network and eventually zeroed in on Gangotri Charitable Hospital located in Lattappar area of Doiwala on the outskirts of Dehradun. However, as Pradeep Bisht, in-charge of Ranipur police station recalls, they still did not have enough evidence to inform Dehradun police or go on an offensive against the syndicate.Finally, after an almost month-long exercise, during which the cops developed sources within and outside the hospital, they got specific inputs about donors being taken to the hospital by a middleman in an SUV on the night of September 10. Acting on this information, a team of Haridwar police apprehended the vehicle leading to the arrest of five persons, including kingpin Amit Kumar's key henchman Javed Khan who was tasked with arranging kidney donors.Recognising the key role that Sharma played in sniffing out the scam, Haridwar police has recommended their name for a medal while the state police headquarters has decided to award the constable during next year's Republic Day parade.
Theresa May has declined an invitation to make a historic address to the Irish parliament.
The Prime Minister was asked by Taoiseach Enda Kenny to give a speech in the Dail during a one-day official visit to Ireland before the end of the month.
They would have been the first Tory leader, and only the second British prime minister, to speak before Dublin's parliament - following on from Tony Blair's ground-breaking address in 1998.
But Mr Kenny has indicated that Mrs May has turned down the offer, originally advanced by the house speaker, or Ceann Comhairle, on a suggestion from the Green Party.
“My understanding is that the Prime Minister's schedule will not allow that to happen and I am not in control of that schedule,” Mr Kenny told the Dail.
“Obviously, when details are absolutely finalised, we will be aware of those.
“My understanding is that the visit was to come to Government Buildings to have a Taoiseach to Prime Minister discussion, and to follow that with a particular set of issues.
“It is around this that the visit will take place.”
Mrs May and Mr Kenny are due to meet in Dublin to discuss Brexit.
Green Party leader Eamon Ryan had said it was vitally important that Mrs May sets out their views on how Brexit will affect Ireland during their visit.
Last November, Scotland First Minister Nicola Sturgeon got a standing ovation when they addressed the upper house of parliament, the Seanad.
Former FBI Director Robert Mueller has been appointed special counsel to oversee the investigation into the Trump administration's alleged ties with Russia and interference in the presidential election. Many people use the term "special prosecutor", or "independent counsel". Here's what you need to know about the terms.
Who was calling for a special prosecutor, and why?
Congressional Democrats, mostly. They wanted one because they don't think the Trump administration is capable of investigating itself impartially when it comes to President Trump's ties to Russia. Those fears were exacerbated when President Trump fired the FBI director, James Comey, and further exacerbated when the existence of a memo written by Mr Comey came to light, in which they detailed how Mr Trump asked them to back off the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse themselves from the investigation after it was revealed that Sessions had an undisclosed meeting with the Russian ambassador before the election. "We need a real, bipartisan, transparent investigation into Russia," said Senator Elizabeth Warren at the time.
Senate Democrats call for special prosecutor as Comey's replacement still unclear
Special prosecutor or special counsel?
The formal name for a special prosecutor, in this sense, is a "special counsel." With the title come broad investigatory powers, allowing Former Director Mueller to look into the Russia matter with limited oversight. Special counsels tend to come from within the Justice Department itself -- many are U.S. Attorneys, or assistant U.S. Attorneys, but in cases where there is deemed to be potential for a conflict of interest, someone from outside the Justice Department may be appointed.
Who's a famous special counsel from the past?
When most people think of the position, they probably think of Ken Starr and their long investigation into President Clinton, which eventually resulted in a Congressional impeachment trial.
Here's the rub, though: Starr's investigation was conducted through the Office of Independent Counsel, which no longer exists, since the law establishing it expired in 1999.
That law, passed in 1978, was a response to Watergate and created a separate prosecutor office to avoid conflicts-of-interest questions by having an independent counsel appointed by a panel of judges from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. But again, it has expired.
Why is Robert Mueller called a "special counsel"?
It's largely terminology. The new regulations under special counsels are currently appointed refer to the position as a "special counsel." When the function was created, in response to the Watergate investigation, it was known as "special prosecutor", and the individual was appointed by a judicial panel. The only person with the power to appoint an individual in these circumstances is the Attorney General, or in this case, the Deputy Attorney General, because of Jeff Sessions' recusal.
Got it. So, who's Sessions deputy?
Rod Rosenstein. They were appointed to replace Dana Boente, the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. You may remember Boente as the guy who replaced Sally Yates as acting attorney general when Yates refused to defend Trump's original travel ban in court. You may remember Rod Rosenstein as the guy whose memo was the basis for FBI Director James Comey's dismissal.
John Dickerson on Justice Department official's role in Comey firing
What are the limitations of the Special Counsel?
Peter Zeidenberg, who served as the assistant special counsel in the investigation of former White House aide Scooter Libby, argued in the Washington Post that appointing one would be a mistake.
"Prosecutors are not journalists, and their job is not to inform the public of the results of their investigations," Zeidenberg wrote. "Rather, their mission is to gather all of the relevant facts and determine whether a crime was committed and, if so, whether it can be proved in court beyond a reasonable doubt. Their work, when done properly, is done in secret."
That means that if critical evidence was found in the case but it was in, say, Russia and therefore unobtainable, "then it would be improper to seek an indictment. Critically, the entire investigation would then remain secret. It would be a violation of law for a prosecutor to make public the results of a grand jury investigation that did not result in an indictment."
So a special counsel could find incriminating information and keep it secret forever. Alternatively, a special counsel, in an effort to justify its efforts and expenditures, would have a tremendous incentive to get a prosecution even if it's unnecessary or unwarranted.
CBS News' Major Garrett, Emily Schultheis, Ellen Uchimiya, Will Rahn and Markham Nolan contributed to this story.
In some ways, it's good news when someone writes another article about “why we should eat meat.” The arguments are so weak that it just reinforces the truth: meat eating can't be defended.
The most recent of these pieces lists seven reasons why writer Christina Sterbenz “refuses” to stop eating meat. So, let's look at them.
1. Meat has heme iron which is more easily absorbed.
Vegetarians do have lower stores of iron—which may be to our advantage—but the evidence suggests that meat eaters are just as likely to develop outright deficiency. And, the fact that iron in plant foods is sensitive to both enhancers and inhibitors of absorption is no doubt a good thing since iron may be bad for us in too high amounts.
2. Vegetarians don't get to tear meat from bones with their teeth.
Seriously? I guess we could come up with some veggie meats that are attached to faux bones if people really wanted that. It's hard for me to imagine that this is an issue that truly deters people from going vegetarian, though. I suspect that the writer couldn't come up with a seventh reason for eating meat, and latched onto this silliness.
3. Plants Don't Provide Vitamin B12
Yes, vegetarians need to take supplements. So do many meat eaters, including most people over the age of 50.
4. Eating meat helped our ancestors get enough calories.
Maybe. But who cares what Australopithecus habilis ate and what the effect on their evolution was? Modern vegans and vegetarians have access to a huge variety of foods. Getting enough calories is not an issue in the modern developed world.
5. There would be no fond memories of family meals, apparently, if those meals hadn't included meat. And vegetarians feel left out on holidays.
I'll let Jonathan Safron Foer respond to this one. Here is what they said in Eating Animals.
“There is no turkey. Is the holiday undermined? Is Thanksgiving no longer Thanksgiving? Or would Thanksgiving be enhanced? Would the choice not to eat turkey be a more active way of celebrating how thankful we feel? Try to imagine the conversation that would take place. This is why our family celebrates this way. Would such a conversation feel disappointing or inspiring? Would fewer or more values be transmitted? Would the joy be lessened by the hunger to eat that particular animal? Imagine your family's Thanksgivings after you are gone, when the question is no longer ‘Why don't we eat this?' but the more obvious one: ‘Why did they ever?'”
6. You can be an ethical meat eater.
That's debatable. And the argument that vegetarians kill more animals than meat-eaters is not correct.
7. We have the digestive tracts of omnivores.
This is true—we have digestive tracts that allow us to eat a wide range of foods. That doesn't mean we have to eat all of those foods.
As Sterbenz themselves says in the last line of their article, “humans have a choice.”
Yes, we do. So, why not choose compassion?
Step right up and read about the tech journalist who bailed out of the Everest VR demo at GDC 2016 because it was too believable and immersive. This is the story of (almost) climbing Mount Everest in the middle of San Francisco. A story about gaining an abrupt and colossal amount of respect for earth's highest peak, which to this day still holds at least 200 frozen corpses hostage. Corpses that serve as both landmarks and powerful reminders of who's really in charge up there.
Iceland-based developer Sólfar Studios is developing Everest VR as a sequence of connected experiences that illustrate the major milestones of summiting Everest. Milestones that range from serene to utterly terrifying. My demo today– at least to me personally – represented the latter.
The Goddess of the Sky
It began innocuously enough, with Sólfar Studios CEO Kjartan Pierre Emilsson handing me an HTC Vive headset and the system's touch controllers. Suddenly I was watching an introductory video (in a traditional widescreen format, as if in a theater) that touched on the history of Everest and the monumental challenges it presents for those brave enough to attempt the journey.
Then the entire scene opened up, the floor beneath my feet becoming snow and ice, instantly transforming me from passive viewer to active participant.
Looking forward, I saw an expanse of nothingness. Just foggy swirling white space threatening to envelop me if I wasn't careful. Physically turning to my right and looking down, I saw my only path: a narrow ridge all too quickly disappearing into a sheer drop.
A voice behind me instructed me to reach out, grab a carabiner, and connect it to a rope stretching the length of the ridge. In doing so, I was surprised at how tactile it felt.
READ MORE: Thanks To Valve, The HTC Vive Has The Perfect Launch Game
Before I took the first step, I heard the wind whipping around my legs and swore I felt just a bit colder. Suddenly, for only a moment, I felt my legs weaken. With a deep breath of determination, I inched forward across the ridge, heel to toe, and struggled to stay rooted in reality. At one point I even held my arms out for balance, despite actually walking on the perfectly stable carpeted 3rd floor of the Moscone Center.
"This icy ridge isn't here. This isn't Class 5 exposure. It's just carpet! This sheer cliff 4 inches from my shoes is imaginary. I'm not alone at 25,000 feet. 12 feet away a bunch of GDC attendees are watching me. Right?"
At A Place Called Vertigo
My brain simply didn't listen. The combination of realistic audio, insanely photo-realistic graphics courtesy of Unreal Engine 4 and some of Nvidia's VR Works wizardry, the tactility of the HTC Vive's touch controllers and its accurate room presence, had convinced it of this alternate reality. A reality where I was legitimately terrified.
Sucking it up, I made it across the ridge. After using both hands to latch onto a pair of ropes leading further up the mountain, I started a vertical ascent by pulling each arm down one a time and propelling myself upward. This wasn't nearly as frightening, perhaps because I wasn't moving my legs and the immersion level had been taken down a notch.
But it hit me like a truck when I reached the summit. In-game, my heartbeat grew louder and faster. A voice from somewhere in the distance reminded me to watch my oxygen levels. Then a voice said “now just step forward and look over the edge.”
And then, vertigo. Like a gravity hammer to the head.
I like to tell people I don't have a fear of heights. Rather, I have a fear of falling. That fear and the slow buildup of anxiety unexpectedly climaxed and I backed away, lifting the Vive off my head as a half-crazy/half-surprised laugh escaped my lips.
Emilsson gave me a moment to regain my composure, then we sat down for a quick chat. I learned I wasn't the first to quit out early. There had been others.
A Contract Between You And The World
“Our goal with Everest was to evoke powerful feelings and emotions,” they said. “To be faithful to reality.”
Well, mission accomplished sir!
They tell me a story of a friend who recounted their experience trying the Everest VR demo, and how he'd specifically mentioned their boots.
“There were no boots,” Emilsson reminds me. “In fact there are no feet whatsoever.” All of a sudden I distinctly remember seeing my shoes on that ridge. But they weren't really there at all.
Emillson continues: “Something we're learning with virtual reality is there are subtle psychological cues that trigger your brain. Once your brain believes, it starts patching in everything to make it more believable.”
Of all the elements that go into a VR experience, there's one thing that stands alone in driving home that sense of immersion, according to Emilsson:
“Touch is very important for projecting your sense of agency into the world,” they say. “When you do that and the world reacts to it, it's like a contract between you and the world.”
By the way, had I persevered through the final 30 seconds, my character would have started losing oxygen and eventually would have blacked out. “That's just cruel, man,” I tell them before shaking their hand and secretly hoping many more chicken out after me.
If at this point you still think VR is a gimmick, or a fad, it's either because you haven't tried it at all, or you haven't tried the right experience. Screenshots can't do this justice. Video can't do this justice. My words, no matter how descriptive and colorful and emotional I make them, can't do this justice.
Eve Valkyrie made me intensely interested in VR, but this Everest VR demo made me an unwavering believer. And things in the VR space are just getting warmed up.
Michael Kruse is a senior staff writer for Politico.
It started Monday morning with Donald Trump calling their own attorney general “beleaguered.” It continued with an Air Force One flight to West Virginia and a rambling, partisan speech to thousands of hollering Boy Scouts. And it kept going with another manic jag of tweets on Tuesday, as the president took a second shaming swipe at Jeff Sessions, delegitimized the acting director of the FBI, urged senators to “step up to the plate” on getting rid of Obamacare and railed away in their exclamation-laced syntax about Democrats who are “obstructionists” and the “Witch Hunt” of the Russia investigation. Meanwhile, their new communications director was threatening to fire their entire staff for leaking as rumors swirled about Cabinet-level departures. Chaos bordering on crisis.
This is how Trump ran their business, and it's how they ran their campaign. For six months now, it's how he's run their White House. But within the whirl of these past two nonstop, dizzying days, it has reached blinking-red-light levels. To people who have been around him, and those who still are, from Trump Tower to the West Wing, this can be unnerving. To people across the country and the world, it can feel dismaying or disorienting or just plain insane.
Story Continued Below
For Trump, though, it feels like … the start to another week.
“This is Donald,” former Trump Organization Vice President Louise Sunshine told me Tuesday. “This is their style.”
“He's operating just like they always have,” former Trump Shuttle President Bruce Nobles said in an interview.
“The prince of chaos,” said Trump biographer Gwenda Blair.
The spawn of Norman Vincent Peale and Roy Cohn, Trump has stomped through life armed with the obstinate, self-centered tenets of optimistic thinking and the sneering, deep-seated lessons of attack, attack, attack. They create chaos, and then they respond to that chaos, withstanding it, even embracing it, feeding on it—and then they outlast the outrage, emerging not only alive but emboldened.
“Hey, look, I had a cold spell from 1990 to '91,” Trump said almost a quarter-century ago to a reporter from New York magazine, referring to the breakup of their marriage to the mother of their first three children, their affair with a busty, B-movie actor and the reckless spending and negligent management of their company that left them nearly a billion dollars in debt—all of which was covered breathlessly by the press. “I was beat up in business and in my personal life. But you learn that you're either the toughest, meanest piece of shit in the world, or you just crawl into a corner, put your finger in your mouth, and say, ‘I want to go home.' You never know until you're under pressure how you're gonna react.”
This crisis was formative, and Trump survived because of family money, permissive banks that were tied to them as much as they were tied to them, the Houdini-esque work of a lender-mandated financial rescue artist and far more than their fair share of chutzpah. The close scrape with personal bankruptcy and business ruin didn't chasten Trump. It did the opposite. “The fact that they got through it,” former Trump Organization Vice President Barbara Res said, “made them believe they could accomplish anything, conquer anything.”
Their path from The Art of the Deal to The Art of the Comeback to "The Apprentice" consisted of a media-stoked stew of self-promotion and provocation. WrestleMania antics and celebrity feuds were fuel. And they talked when they could about running for president. It was always a bluff. Until, of course, it wasn't.
Their campaign was a rolling crisis. Beset by backstabbing and infighting, careening from one five-alarm fire to the next, Trump's unprecedented presidential bid seemed perpetually on the edge of political viability. And they won.
“Chaos creates drama, and drama gets ink,” former Trump campaign aide Sam Nunberg told me Tuesday. “This is a new kind of presidency. He's followed the tabloid model, and it got them to where they are, and it's the model that will be followed until it doesn't work. And it has worked. He's sitting in the Oval Office.”
On Monday, at the fairly standard hour of 6:40 a.m., they kickstarted a particularly agitated sequence of tweets by labeling Washington not a “Swamp” but a “Sewer” and yelling “Fake News!” They insisted there's “Zero evidence” of their or theirs campaign's collusion with Russian officials. Then they called Sessions, the first senator to endorse them and for a long period during the campaign their most credible surrogate, “beleaguered.” Then they called a member of Congress “Sleazy.” Then they poked Republicans about their “last chance” to “Repeal & Replace.” Then they boarded the presidential plane to go talk to the Boy Scouts.
In Glen Jean, West Virginia, at the National Scout Jamboree, at a gathering of “the nation's foremost youth program of character development and values-based leadership training,” Trump pledged to the crowd of an estimated 40,000, mostly boys between 12 and 18 years old, that they wouldn't talk about policy fights or political disagreements. “Who the hell wants to speak about politics when I'm in front of the Boy Scouts?” they said. They did. The president talked about Tuesday's health care vote and called Obamacare “this horrible thing that's really hurting us” and found ways to criticize Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and told the amped-up teens stale stories about their big win of 2016. “USA!” they chanted back.
By Tuesday morning, they were back on Twitter, blasting the FBI boss and Sessions, too, for their “VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes” and “leakers.” They also praised John McCain for being a “Brave” “American hero” after disparaging them for being captured in Vietnam not once but twice before. (Trump never apologized.)
This is not the way it's supposed to work, or at least not how it has. “I have not seen any indication of a normal appreciation of the functioning of government coming from the president,” former Senate attorney and Watergate prosecutor Richard Ben-Veniste told POLITICO on Tuesday. But while members of Congress scrambled to respond, their assessments of the president's latest behavior ranging from confusion to condemnation to twisted justification to tepid defense, the people who have watched Trump for a lot longer simply shook their heads.
“Typical Donald,” Sunshine said.
“I'm not surprised by anything I'm seeing,” said Nobles, the former Trump Shuttle boss. “He's always liked chaos.”
“He's spent their life creating and surrounding themselves with chaos,” Res said, “so that they can be the one person who can emerge in charge. The winner. The guy on the top. It's a way of slaying their enemies.”
“If you've ever been on a construction site, they're always chaotic,” Billy Procida, another former Trump Organization vice president, told me Tuesday. “And he's good at construction.”
But he's no longer on a construction site. He's the most powerful person in the world.
“This is certainly different. It's certainly new,” Nunberg said. “But it's what people want.”
Chaos? All the time?
“Entertainment,” Nunberg said. “Entertainment.”
CLOSE US President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe posed for photos with their wives on Saturday night before having dinner together at Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida. (Feb. 11) AP
This file photo taken on December 31, 2016 shows a man watching a television news broadcast at a railway station in Seoul showing North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un's New Year's speech. The United States is certain it can defend itself from an attack by North Korea, the Defense Department said on January 3, 2017 after Pyongyang warned it was close to test launching a ballistic missile. "We remain confident in our ballistic missile defense and in our defense of our allies and our defense of the homeland," Pentagon spokesperson Peter Cook said at a news briefing. (Photo11: Jung Yeon-Je, AFP/Getty Images)
North Korea fired an unidentified projectile into the sea off its east coast early Sunday local time, the South Korean military reported.
The missile flew about 310 miles. Military officials in South Korea are investigating what type of missile it was, the Korean Times reported.
The missile launch came as President Trump was hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Trump and Abe made short statements about the launch in a joint appearance Saturday night.
"I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan, it's great ally, 100%," Trump said.
Abe called the missile launch "absolutely intolerable."
"North Korea must fully comply with the relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions," Abe said through a translator.
In Washington, public affairs officers for the Defense Department and the State Department had no immediate comment on the report, according to the Associated Press.
The Korean peninsula has been tense since North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said in a New Year's speech that the country was very close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week when they visited South Korea that the United States would reply to any North Korean attempts to test nuclear weapons with an "effective and overwhelming" response.
Trump tweeted in January that though North Korea had said it was in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S., "It won't happen!"
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
North Korea has conducted more than 20 missile tests in 2016, despite U.N. sanctions for its actions.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kxZ8BQ
With more than one-third on the 2012-13 NHL season, including the All-Star game and the Winter Classic, already cancelled due to the owners locking out the players over a new collective bargaining agreement (CBA), time is now running out to negotiate and sign a new CBA and save the remaining part of the season. With all the NHL games already cancelled until December 30th, 2012, both parties will have to start making concessions in order to have a shortened season and save face in the eyes of passionate hockey fans.
If the league and the players wish to play a possible 56-game season that would start around mid-January and end in early May, Gary Bettman and Donald Fehr will have to eat a humble pie and start negotiating seriously before Christmas, otherwise we are looking at another cancelled season due to an owner's lockout, similar to the 2004-05 season.
Fehr, who was hired by the NHL players to get them the best possible deal, has frustrated the league and its commissioner Gary Bettman by stalling and refusing to negotiate off its proposals. Fehr's mandate was to get the best deal they could for the players while minimizing how much they lost. While some experts think the players should hold their own and not accept the league's last offer, it is clear that some veteran NHLers are losing a lot of money and might be forced to retire due to the lack of an NHL season.
Roman Hamrlik, a 20 year-old veteran who is in their third NHL lockout, has even called out Donald Fehr publicly, asking them to allow the NHL players to vote on the league's latest proposal. Hammer said that the NHL players should have learned a “lesson from 2004-05”, when they didn't take an early offer from the owners and “came to an even worse deal.” The 38 year-old rearguard also mentioned the NHLPA began negotiations later than he'd have liked under Fehr.
While Hamrlik has been the only vocal player about the current situation, a plethora of veteran hockey players are in their situation and are currently losing a boatload of money because of the current lockout.
Now let's have a look at all the NHL players who were already in the league in 2004-05 and stands to lose the most money if the 2012-13 season is completely wiped out. Minimum of a combined $7 million.
[table id=80 /]
*Brad Richards‘ salary of $12 million for the 2012-13 season includes an $8 million bonus that they received on July 1st, 2012.
***Please note that players on the long-term injury list such as Chris Pronger of the Philadelphia Flyers receive their full salary during the NHL lockout.***
Memorandum from the NHLPA to its members:
“If you are unfit to play because of a hockey-related injury when a lockout begins, you are entitled to receive your salary until you are fit to play,” the memo said. “If you are currently injured, you should make sure that your condition is fully documented and that your club is aware of it. If you do not receive your salary payment when it becomes due, you should contact your agent and/or the NHLPA legal department immediately.”
Teemu Selanne underwent knee surgery during the 2004–05 NHL lockout and was unable to play any games the whole season because their rehabilitation took longer than expected. As a result, I did not include them in the above table.
Finally, while some NHL owners will lose millions of dollars because of the current NHL lockout, most of them are billionaires and won't suffer financially in the short term. A team owner can possess a hockey club for a few decades, whereas most hockey players' career only last a few years. While I don't agree with the owners' tactics and lack of negotiations, it is time for the player to smarten up and avoid another lost season. As you can see, some NHL All-Stars are losing serious money over these unnecessary disputes!
Sources:
Capgeek
NHLPA
Hockey Zone Plus
Follow me on Twitter for more updates on the NHL and hockey in general.
A Model X car of U.S. manufacturer Tesla is shown in Zurich, Switzerland August 17, 2016 REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O) said on Wednesday it had entered into an agreement with Deutsche Bank whereby the electric carmaker can borrow up to $300 million for its vehicle leasing program, part of a broader effort to bolster the company's finances.
In a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Tesla said the new liquidity meant its own cash requirements for its direct leasing program would be “significantly reduced.”
It would thus need to raise correspondingly fewer funds from the public market, Tesla said, as it gears up for its much-anticipated Model 3 mass-market vehicle.
The amount outstanding from the loan and security agreement is due on Sept 20, 2018.
Tesla, which burned through over $600 million of cash in the first half of the year, faces a cash crunch as it ramps up manufacturing capacity for the Model 3 next year and completes construction of its massive “Gigafactory” battery factory in Nevada.
Moreover, Tesla's planned $2.6 billion acquisition of SolarCity SCTY.O, which itself has pressing cash needs, will add to its liquidity issues. Combined, the two companies' debt totaled $5.43 billion with a combined cash burn of $830 million last year.
In August, the company said it had $3.25 billion in principal sources of liquidity as of June 30, 2016, but in July it repaid $678 million on a revolving credit line and planned to redeem $411 million of 2018 convertible notes, warning it could spend more on the securities.
The company also warned that the value of its secured assets had limited its ability to borrow under its asset-based revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks. [nL4N1AM2K2]
Well, it took over a year, but we're extremely pleased to announce that the BBC has finally backed down and reported on the case of Jay Cheshire, a story we've been demanding they report since October 2015. Jay was a 17 year old boy from Southampton who was falsely accused of rape. Their accuser withdrew the allegation after two weeks, but the damage had already been done and Jay sadly took their own life.
Jay's death was first reported in July 2015 in the local press and the case hit the national headlines in October 2015 once the full facts of the case emerged. The story was reported by every national paper bar the Guardian and it was quite astonishing that the BBC took the same stance as that paper and pretended the case didn't exist. Its sexist bias became all the more extraordinary when the case was contrasted with the BBC's wall-to-wall reporting of the suicide of Eleanor De Freias, an event that occurred at almost exactly the same time. De Freitas was of course not a victim of false rape allegation like Jay, but a false rape accuser, whose victim had to fight long and hard and spend vast sums of money to bring to justice. The BBC had seemingly endless sympathy for this criminal featuring the story on their main news page again and again, with headlines that didn't reflect the truth in the slightest and that we at HEqual forced them to retract. In the eyes of the BBC, adult female perpetrators of false rape allegations are simply of greater value than even child victims of the very same crimes.
The number of missed opportunities for the BBC to report the story is quite frankly astounding. Firstly there was Jay's suicide itself, which while not notable on a national scale could have been reported by the BBC's local South news division. They then failed to report the inquest in October 2015, not only omitting it from the UK section of their website but even ignoring it at the local level. Once the story broke nationally, various opinion columns then later appeared in the weekend's press featuring wider examinations of the issues raised by Jay's death, again the BBC didn't bother to do anything similar on any of its platforms. They could also have reported the case at the time of Jay's funeral or when the coroner's verdict was released but again refused.
Exactly a year on from Jay's suicide, their mother Karin then took their own life, after being left distraught by Jays' death. Karin even used the very same rope as jay to hang herself, so surely this would finally force the BBC's hand and they'd have to do their jobs and report the news?
Having complained about the BBC's bias in ignoring Jay's suicide in 2015, we took a far more proactive stance in 2016 so they couldn't pretend to have missed the story. Upon hearing of Karin's death, we immediately informed all relevant BBC staff about the story, thus preventing them from feigning ignorance once again. We made it absolutely clear that they had no excuse for now not reporting the case and had a clear obligation to do so. Amazingly, despite our intervention they still refused to report the story, even ignoring it in their local BBC South division and instead reporting all manner of trivial stories in preference and missing all possible windows for reporting new developments.
It has taken over a year now but late on Tuesday 18th October the BBC finally acknowledged the existence of Jay Cheshire and their mother and the tragic case and we're delighted to have finally forced them to report the story. There has been a huge amount of interest in our work to hold the BBC to account, so much so that we're the number two result in Google when searching for “Jay Cheshire” and the words “BBC” and “Guardian” even appear as auto-complete suggestions when Googling theirs name.
The BBC's initial refusal to report on Jay Cheshire even inspired our report into BBC coverage of victims of false rape allegations. This research proved that the BBC had never covered a single case of a victim of false rape allegations who took their own lives in its entire history, so today's BBC report is in some ways a major breakthrough becasue it's their first ever acknowledgement of such crimes having fatal consequences.
Regrettably, there are still many deficiencies in the BBC's reporting. While the report was displayed at the bottom of its news and UK news page, it's URL and categorisation shows it is still regarded as a mere local news story and not of much real significance nationally (and no thumbnail image is used either). There's no video in the piece, again suggesting it's not all that significant and it was published several hours after other outlets broke the story. Finally, the BBC chose to frame/headline the article in the context of problems at Southern Health, an issue which while significant, is hardly at the crux of the tradegy and not an angle used in any other news report at any time.
The entire reason for the report and its main focus is the death of Karin Cheshire and not that of Jay. So, although the BBC might have acknowledged Jay's suicide, there's still never been any article specifically about them and 100% of BBC coverage has come about only as a result of their mother's death. Therefore, it's still the case that the BBC has never directly reported specifically on a false rape allegation that caused the suicide of its victim. Such cases only become newsworthy to them once there is a female victim and if they can try to pin the blame for the death on some other random cause.
Despite the BBC still failing to give the story quite the prominence and resources it deserves and opting for an unusual/poor headline, the public's response has been amazing and is obvious for all to see thanks to the BBC website's handy “most popular” feature. The story quickly rose to the seventh most read article on the entire site and it reached a rank of at least number three shortly after midnight, less than three hours after its publication! This huge demand for the story vindicates absolutely everything we have said to the BBC about the notability and importance of the story and their duty to have reported on it.
Their previous conduct amounts to hiding one of the top stories on one of the world's top news websites from hundreds of thousands of people, and doing so for over a year! Such staggering interest now essentially forces the BBC to carry out follow-up reports and discussions tomorrow morning and we hope they won't fail viewers yet again by refusing to do so simply becasue the issue highlights the devastating impact impact of false rape allegations, allegations feminist groups like to pretend don't really exist.
Needless to say the Guardian are still pretending that Jay, their accuser and their mother don't exist and their lives clearly don't matter to those at the paper. The only mention of Jay's name on their site is a comment by a reader rather than an actual news report. Perhaps the BBC report may now finally inspire them to write something about the case and acknowledge that false rape allegations not only exist but can be fatal?, though we're not hopeful.
We'd like to thank all those who've shared our work concerning this campaign, it really does make a difference. If you're appalled at the BBC's conduct in this case and appreciate what we do then perhaps considered ditching your TV licence and consider donating to HEqual instead.
Advertisements
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nicola McKenzie says they are struggling to feed their two-year-old son
A teenage mother had their child tax credits stopped after they were wrongly accused of being married to a dead 74-year-old man, the BBC has learned.
Nicola McKenzie is one of hundreds of people complaining they have been incorrectly punished by the US firm Concentrix, used by the government to cut tax credit fraud and overpayment.
 They are struggling to feed their son, they told the Victoria Derbyshire programme.
The government said Concentrix would "not be paid" for wrong decisions.
The Treasury has revealed 120 cases since last October where the company did not "fully" meet the performance standards laid out in its contract.
But it is feared the actual number may be higher. The Facebook campaign group Concentrix Mums, which has 5,600 members, says hundreds more people have been affected by errors.
'Make contact'
Labour MP Louise Haigh is demanding that Concentrix be stripped of its contract, saying: "They've stopped people's benefits on a quite incredible scale in order to chase profits."
Ms McKenzie, a 19-year-old single mother from West Yorkshire, received a letter from the company saying their child tax credits would be cancelled.
"Basically they were accusing me of being married to a 74-year-old bloke that used to live here way before I did, saying that it's a normal thing for my kind of age," they said.
Image caption Sharon Scargill said they had £20 to last their two weeks
"When I spoke to the council, they said they were deceased and died on 5 July 2016," Ms McKenzie added. "Then they said 'Well, you still need to get them to make contact with us'. And I said 'Well, heaven doesn't have opening hours, so what do you want me to do about that?'."
Ms McKenzie said they had lost £64 a week, which meant they were finding it difficult to provide nappies and food for their two-year-old son.
In May last year, Concentrix won a £75m contract to try to save the government more than £1bn in incorrect or fraudulent tax credit payments.
Tax credits - the Child Tax Credit and the Working Tax Credit - are government payments made to households on low incomes.
Concentrix's government contract is based on a payment-by-results model, with the "maximisation of revenue flows" as one of its key requirements - meaning it makes more money if it cuts more payments.
'Very personal'
Sharon Scargill, a mother from West Yorkshire, told the Victoria Derbyshire programme their tax credits had been cut after they received a letter from the company saying they were living with another woman of whom they had never heard.
"I've got £20 to last me two weeks, as of yesterday, to feed me and my daughter and for the bills that I'm supposed to pay and the gas and electric," they said.
Ms Haigh, MP for Sheffield Heeley, said some people receiving the letters were confusing them with a phishing scam, as they asked for "very personal details", such as bank statements and information on partners' details. The problems with Concentrix were on a "grand scale", they added.
But an HM Revenue and Customs spokesperson said support was "available for those who need it", adding: "We take great care to make sure that correct tax credit payments are made to prevent customers getting into debt, which they may struggle to repay.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay: "We may be bringing Concentrix in for a very serious investigation"
"Payments to Concentrix are based on the quality and accuracy of their work. They will not be paid if the decisions they make about claimants' awards are wrong."
A Concentrix spokesperson said: "We recognise that the re-evaluation of individual tax credits claims can be difficult for all concerned.
"We adopt a rigorous process at every stage to ensure we manage this process responsibly, and in full accordance with the protocols and guidance set by HMRC."
The Victoria Derbyshire programme is broadcast on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
Hello! The below report is written in . To translate the full report, please use the translator in the top right corner of the page. Do not show me this notice in the future.
Recommended Citation "Rattling the American Cage: North Korean Nuclear Threats and Escalation Potential", NAPSNet Policy Forum, April 04, 2013, https://nautilus.org/napsnet/napsnet-policy-forum/rattling-the-american-cage-north-korean-nuclear-threats-and-escalation-potential-2/
by Peter Hayes and Roger Cavazos
April 4, 2013
A version of this report was also published as The Only Way To Find Out North Korea's Intentions Is To Talk in US News on April 4, 2013.
Click here to download a pdf of this report.
I. Introduction
Peter Hayes and Roger Cavazos write: “We do not believe that North Korea intends to attack South Korea, pre-emptively or otherwise, in the current cycle of threat projection. However, miscalculation, accidents, or “wild cards” can all activate an unstoppable chain of events that lead to uncontrollable escalation…Talk is cheap, valuable, and entails no concessions. In the current charged environment, the only way to obtain badly needed information about North Korean intentions and therefore, the real level of threat, is to talk to them.”
Peter Hayes is director of Nautilus Institute and Professor of International Relations at RMIT University in Melbourne. Roger Cavazos is an Associate of Nautilus Institute and retired US military intelligence officer.
The views expressed in this report do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of the Nautilus Institute. Readers should note that Nautilus seeks a diversity of views and opinions on significant topics in order to identify common ground.
II. Policy Forum by Peter Hayes and Roger Cavazos
Rattling the American Cage: North Korean Nuclear Threats and Escalation Potential
The signal to noise ratio on the Korean Peninsula is usually very low with a great deal of noise and only a few signals. Recently, the signals increased in amplitude and frequency but so too has the noise. Interpreting the signals correctly is even more challenging when the parties are not talking to each other but rather, past each other.
North Korean threat rhetoric is often hard to decipher. For example: “If the US imperialists brandish nuclear weapons, we — in complete contrast to former times — will by means of diversified, precision nuclear strike in our own style turn not just Seoul, but even Washington, into a sea of fire.”[1]
Thus wrote a North Korean official in the authoritative party newspaper Rodong Simun on March 6, 2013. This was the first time the North threatened to use nuclear weapons against cities, emulating the operational practices of the United States, China, and Russia. Perhaps that was the point.
This was followed shortly by a March 7 2013 declaration that North Korean forces could “carry out preemptive nuclear strikes on the strongholds of the aggressors”[2]—another attempt to assert that the North is a nuclear weapons state on equal footing with the United States, China, and Russia – a status that can only be accorded via the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and is therefore unreachable for North Korea.
How seriously should we take these threats?
If we read the DPRK decisive system-wide policy pronouncements, and not just those public but tactical in nature statements designed to twang nerves in Washington or Seoul we find a more deliberate positioning of the North Korean nuclear weapons strategy than the casual reader might assume from reading the headlines based on the latest threat statement from Pyongyang, or the latest riposte from Washington.
Until mid-March, DPRK foreign affairs officials asserted that as “an all-powerful treasured sword that defends the country's sovereignty and security,” its nuclear weapons were not negotiable. At least, not “as long as the United States' nuclear threats and hostile policy exist.”[3] As late as March 16, when this statement was broadcast, the North held open the possibility that it might abandon its nuclear weapons provided US nuclear threats and hostility are removed.
This posture shifted dramatically in the last week of March. On March 25, US B52 bombers flew over South Korea in military exercises that simulated nuclear bombing runs against North Korea.[4] Nuclear-capable B2 stealth bombers followed on March 28 [5] and F22 stealth fighters on March 31 that could accompany B2 bombers in a nuclear strike mission on North Korea.[6]
There are very deep North Korean memories of airpower killing an estimated twenty percent of the populace and flattening most vertical structures during the Korean War [7]. The nuclear-capable B-52 and F111 flights and the near war during Operation Paul Bunyan in 1976 struck a particularly resonant chord at the time with the North Koreans. What one side intends as deterrence can easily be perceived as a provocation given an unsettled strategic environment. The B52s and B2s flights may also have the effect of reducing China's influence to zero or even negative in Pyongyang given its inability to affect the US mobilization of countervailing nuclear threat against the North.
Beijing may also perceive that this unilateral move shows that the United States has given up on China to influence Pyongyang. From the Chinese perspective, sending the bombers embodies the “Pivot” in the worst possible way—especially given the likely association in Chinese minds of the B2 bombers over Korea with the mistaken stealth bombings of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade in 1999 during the war in Kosovo.
On March 26, the North Korean foreign affairs ministry informed the UN Security Council that the United States was “fostering a vicious cycle of escalating tensions in order to come up with an international justification for provoking a nuclear war against us under the pretext of “non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.”
“The United States,” it said, “is now fully mobilizing its “three nuclear strikes means” in the preparations for a nuclear war of northward aggression”—referring to US bombers, land-based missiles, and submarine-based missiles.[8]
On March 2, North Korea's supreme commander Kim Jong-un ordered North Korean forces, including artillery, rockets, and missiles, to “enter No 1 combat ready posture.” They told their subordinates that the DPRK would “answer the US imperialists' nuclear blackmail with a merciless nuclear attack.”[9]
It is unclear what “No 1 combat ready posture” consists of because that was the first time North Korea has announced that level of preparation. Again, North Korea likely felt threatened by unprecedented U.S. actions and responded in an unprecedented manner. However, it is important to note that North Korea did not actually move their military forces in any observable ways.
Three days later, on March 31, Kim presided over a pre-announced Korean Worker's Party Central Committee Plenum that “set forth a new strategic line on carrying out economic construction and building nuclear armed forces simultaneously.”[10] (see Attachment 1). To this end, the Party directed that the Korean Peoples' Army should make nuclear forces “pivotal” in all aspects of military strategy and deterrence.
For the senior-most leadership of the entire country to announce where and when they would assemble indicates there were at least some in positions of power who did not believe a decapitation strike or pre-emptive attack was imminent. Moreover, a key indicator of US intention to conduct a pre-emptive attack on North Korea based on prior experience—in particular, the August 1976 crisis—is the concurrent presence of US nuclear strike bombers appearing in Korean airspace and US aircraft carrier battlegroups offshore. In this standoff, there are no US aircraft carriers near Korea, a fact that is well known to North Korean intelligence. Nonetheless, the rhetorical threats continue increasing from Pyongyang even as the real signals of conventional threats remains static.
What to make of this roller coaster ride of nuclear invective and threat rhetoric?
First, the US decision to reassure South Korea (and itself apparently) that it might consider a nuclear strike on North Korea if the North attacked the South by sending nuclear-capable aircraft and submarines to exercise in and around Korea was tailor-made to prompt Northern leaders to escalate. It provided a perfect, undeniable rationale for conservatives in Pyongyang opposed to dialogue with the United States to shoot down any residual notions that the North might enter into a dialogue about the future of its nuclear weapons.
Thus, the DPRK's atomic energy department announced [11] on April 2 that it would “readjust” and “restart” its uranium enrichment plant and plutonium-producing 5MW reactor at Nyongbyon (hereafter Yongbyon), the latter having been disabled in October 2007 as part of denuclearization talks—a slap in the face of not only the United States, but also China.
Second, North Korea does not have the resources to have a very large military and an economy. It's economy is broken. It is sustained only by food and oil provided by China, and the manual labor of its work force digging out minerals for export, and its long-suffering agricultural industry. The only way that Kim Jong-un can square this circle is to reduce the size of the conventional military and to push demobilized soldiers into the civilian economy. North Korea lacks the huge surplus labor dedicated to agriculture that China possessed. To the extent that nuclear weapons allow Kim to substitute nuclear for conventional forces, the former may enable them to pursue military and economic goals simultaneously—at least in theory.
Third, the Party ended its March 31 directive by noting: “As a responsible nuclear weapons state, the DPRK will make positive efforts to prevent the nuclear proliferation, ensure peace and security in Asia and the rest of the world and realize the denuclearization of the world.”
On April 1, the DPRK's Supreme People's Assembly promulgated a law to consolidate the North's status as a “nuclear weapons state” that enshrined the Party's directive into domestic law, and laid down important fundamentals for future nuclear weapons doctrine [12] (Attachment 2). Many states have written policy into domestic law as a way of ensuring programmatic (budgeting) access and establishing a bureaucracy to establish inertia and prevent change – this is a classic signal of political will to stick to a decision. It also has the effect of raising the cost to change.
Here, Kim signaled that the door is not yet closed totally on negotiations over their nuclear weapons program. By demonstrating their ability to challenge the United States with the most virulent possible threats, they have positioned themselves to be North Korea's Richard Nixon to engage the United States.
As a down payment on that option, they also indicated, albeit ambiguously, that the North does not intend to cross the United States by exporting nuclear weapons or materials.
The DPRK's nuclear strategy is not about deterrence or reassurance. It has plenty of conventional forces for deterrence or self-reassurance, even if they are relatively inferior and more so with every day that passes.
Rather, these statements are opportunistic, and express its authentic strategy which is extortionate. The North's nuclear forces are intended to compel their adversaries to change their policies towards the DPRK, not to deter unprovoked external attack—except when such an attack might actually be in motion.
Also, charismatic leadership in a “partisan state” based on an ideology born in guerilla strategy requires an endless stream of reaffirmation in the form of battles against external forces. [13] Although Kim Jong-un appears to be secure in their rule, at least on the surface, they need to establish their own credentials separate to the revolutionary legacy of their grandfather and the military-first politics of their father. Confrontation with the United States and virulent nuclear threat is perfect for this renewal of charismatic leadership.
In the latest ambiguous posturing and messaging, the Kaesong Industrial Complex (KIC) which served as an oasis of exchange that continued even during previous fatal incidents has been affected for two days straight(as of this writing). There is precedent for closing KIC, but it is rare. North Korea said they allowed their activities in Kaesong to continue in order to benefit the South Korean companies who were operating shops in the KIC. However, if South Korea continued to insult North Korea then North Korea announced would close the zone.
Kaesong is an important symbol of what little Korean unity exists. It is also an important demilitarized area that presents an invasion corridor or “dagger aimed at the heart” of Pyongyang that traverses the DMZ. Threatening to shut down KIC casts a shadow of war over the entire ROK economy. When a rumor circulated for only a few hours that North Korea would close the zone, South Korea's stock market lost almost over a percentage and a half. [14] For all these reasons, threatening to shut down KIC is a perfect wedge to push Seoul to pressure Washington to capitulate to North Korean demands.
We do not believe that North Korea intends to attack South Korea, pre-emptively or otherwise, in the current cycle of threat projection. However, miscalculation, accidents, or “wild cards” can all activate an unstoppable chain of events that lead to uncontrollable escalation. Who would have guessed, for example, that a former North Korean defector would steal a fishing vessel from the island of Pyeoncheon, and return to the North across the Northern Limit Line at this of all possible times?
Talk is cheap, valuable, and entails no concessions. In the current charged environment, the only way to obtain badly needed information about North Korean intentions and therefore, the real level of threat, is to talk to them.
In this regard, it is easy to find the bad news and reasons to have a continuing standoff and fight. It's harder to find the tiny signals that all is not lost. The latter are what matters. We believe we have discerned some of these signals and that these deserve to be the subject of discussions between North Korea and the United States as a matter of urgency.
III. Attachment I
Four months after Election Day, Republican and Democratic administrators have uncovered only a handful of instances of improper or illegal voting despite President Trump's unfounded allegations of millions of fraudulent ballots.
Trump has claimed that 3 million to 5 million people voted illegally on Election Day, costing them the popular vote. But numbers from around the country suggest that a few hundred people at most broke voting rules.
In some cases, legitimately registered voters cast multiple ballots, either by voting absentee and in person, or by voting more than once in different jurisdictions. In other cases, voters in states that require identification refused to show those documents. Fewer than a hundred noncitizens have been referred to law enforcement officials for alleged voting infractions.
In a letter to members of Congress, Michigan election officials identified 31 individuals who voted twice in November's elections. Michigan Director of Elections Christopher Thomas told lawmakers that a criminal investigation is underway.
ADVERTISEMENT
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate's (R) office said it was aware of just 10 improperly cast votes out of about 1.6 million cast. The Associated Press found that one of those votes was cast by a felon whose voting rights had been restored in Wisconsin but not Iowa, and another was cast by a noncitizen who turned themselves in after they found they aren't eligible to vote.
In Cranston, R.I., police are investigating eight cases of illegal voting. Mayor Allen Fung (R) said last week that two of those cases were votes cast by noncitizens. Four others voted multiple times, and one case involved someone impersonating another registered voter.
Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted (R) said last month that a review found 385 noncitizens were on the voter rolls in November. Their office has referred 82 of those noncitizens to law enforcement officials after they cast ballots.
In a statement announcing the findings, Husted said “every case of illegal voting must be taken seriously and elections officials must have every resource available to them to respond accordingly.”
Husted's office said none of the 82 improper votes they found were cast in a jurisdiction where an election was decided by one vote or tied.
Every state elections division conducts canvasses of results in the weeks and months after an election. Other states have not reported any significant evidence of illegal or improper voting.
A few weeks after Election Day, Trump tweeted that they would have won the popular vote “if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.” They reportedly told lawmakers a few days after their inauguration that up to 5 million people cast illegal votes. And they have called on Vice President Pence to lead a commission looking into voter fraud, though no such commission has been announced.
But election administration experts say investigations into voter fraud will likely lead to few prosecutions. In some instances, poorly maintained voter databases can lead to confusion over similar-sounding names. In other cases, noncitizens who obtain driver's licenses might be offered the chance to register to vote by a clerk running through a standard script.
“What inevitably happens is that these very few numbers that we're seeing get whittled down to an even smaller number,” said Michael McDonald, an elections expert at the University of Florida.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R) – one of Trump's main allies in their fight against voter fraud and a proponent of voter ID laws – said fraud remains pervasive, both by those who vote more than once and by noncitizens.
“I do think the problem is a persistent one, and early indications are we're seeing just as much voter fraud as there was in 2014 and 2012,” Kobach said in an interview. “Evidence is already emerging of voter fraud in the 2016 election, but it does take time to collect the evidence and do the research."
Kansas leads a consortium of 30 states that cross-reference voter rolls to maintain cleaner lists. Kobach said the consortium is working on a list of improper votes, research that should be finished within days or weeks.
But, they said, more than 5 million Americans are registered to vote in more than one state — the vast majority of whom simply neglect to cancel their registration when they move from one state to another. Kobach said the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, also known as the Motor Voter Act, makes it easy to register in multiple states when someone obtains a new driver's license.
“Sometimes people will be tempted to take that opportunity and vote twice,” Kobach said. “Double voting doesn't seem to go down over time.”
Douglas Keith, a fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice, said academic research shows investigations initiated by law enforcement officials rarely lead to convictions.
In 2012, about 2,600 suspected improper votes were investigated in Florida, leading to just one conviction. Two people were prosecuted for improper voting in Colorado, out of 3,900 investigated. A study of a decade of voting in California found just 28 complaints of improper voting.
Keith said the penalties for those who would vote illegally are sufficient to dissuade people from committing the crime. They pointed to Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident of the U.S. who voted illegally in Texas elections in 2012 and 2014. Ortega was sentenced in February to eight years in jail, and they are almost certain to be deported once their time is served.
“The penalties for a noncitizen voting are just enormous,” Keith said. “This is a deportable offense. And it counts against you if you ever wish to be naturalized. That's just not a risk that we should expect people to be taking.”
It appears rookies with the Vancouver Canucks – and the person running their social media account – haven't been checking the news when it comes to fires in B.C.
The team tweeted a picture of rookies taking part in the team's annual prospect development camp in Shawnigan Lake appearing to start a makeshift fire this evening.
“Back on track. Start a [emoji of a fire],” the team tweeted at 8:27 this evening.
The team's prospects are taking part in a week of practice and training sessions at Shawnigan Lake School. Earlier this afternoon, the team tweeted a photo announcing the rookies were taking part in a scavenger hunt.
There's a fire ban at campsites in British Columbia, and 178 fires are burning in the province right now, including 57 started in the last two days. Fire officers have warned the public of starting any fires, inside or outside prohibited areas, because of the tinder-dry conditions.
However, the fire ban does not apply within the boundaries of local governments that have forest fire prevention bylaws and are serviced by a fire department.
Reaction among the Canucks' followers on social media was negative.
The Canucks later apologized for the tweet.
This was not appropriate on our part. Poor decision. Our sincere apologies everyone. https://t.co/uXIiSxMcOf — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) July 6, 2015
Close games have been somewhat rare in VFL/AFL history, with most seasons producing them at a rate no greater than about 15%, and with more recent seasons producing them at even lower rates, as the chart at right depicts.
The most-recent season, 2015, saw only about 7% of games finish with such a margin, the lowest percentage since 1986 when only about 6.5% of games would have been classified as "close".
Close results though, like periods of good fortune, have not been distributed equally, with teams participating in vastly different proportions of them during different eras. Melbourne, for example, played in no "close" contests at all across the entire 1916-1920 Era, while Carlton's fate was for about 27% of its contests to finish as "close" games across the 1911-1915 Era. That must have made being a fan a slightly harrowing affair, though you would have had the consolation of seeing them win almost two-thirds of these close games.
(Note that we analyse using eras rather than individual seasons in an effort to reduce some of the small-sample variability evident in teams' season-to-season close game data and that eras are defined as 5-year periods except for the first which we define as running from 1897 to 1905.)
The chart below shows the proportion of close wins and close losses for each team in every era, where draws are counted as half a close win and half a close loss. Each cell is shaded based on the total proportion of close games that a team played in during the era, the overall shading pattern revealing the general decrease in the proportion of such games in more recent times as seen in the chart above.
That said, some teams have still found themselves playing a lot of close games even in the 2011-2015 Era, with Geelong and Essendon both notable examples. For both, about 19% of their games in this era have finished with such a margin, 11% as close wins and 8% as close losses. In contrast though, only about 2% of GWS' games have finished with such a margin in this era, and only about 6% of Gold Coast's.
In Their Own Words: How A Gym Teacher Invented Basketball In 1891
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Most people are familiar with at least a few details of basketball's humble origin story: the creative gym teacher who thought it up, the simple peach baskets for hoops, and the sport's initial lack of dribbling.
But now, thanks to the discovery of a 1939 recording of a radio interview, we can hear James Naismith describe in their own words the invention of one of the world's most popular sports.
Naismith was a physical education teacher at what's now Springfield College in Massachusetts. That winter, a blizzard pounded the region and Naismith's students had cabin fever from being cooped up inside. To ward off the boredom, Naismith got creative with an old soccer ball.
"I called the boys to the gym, I showed them two peach baskets I had nailed up at each end of the gym, and I told them the idea was to throw the ball into the opposing team's peach basket," they said. "I blew a whistle, and the first game of basketball began."
A University of Kansas professor, Michael Zogry, found the recording in the Library of Congress while they were researching Naismith. It's full of gems about how the game evolved in it's earliest stages. For example, when Naismith first introduced the game, the only rule was to put the ball in the basket.
"The boys began tackling, kicking and punching in the clinches," Naismith said. "Before I could pull them apart, one boy was knocked out, several had black eyes, and one had a dislocated shoulder."
So, Naismith added a few more regulations — the modern game still remains largely unchanged from their original 13 rules — and the sport took off. American colleges were quick to adopt basketball and not long after the turn of the century, the game had also spread to Europe.
The rest, as they say, was history.
"In 1936, I saw it played for the first time at the Olympic games," Naismith said gleefully in the interview. "And the whole thing started with a couple of peach baskets I put up in a gym 48 years ago."
Larry Gordon, a surfing pioneer who was instrumental in shaping the industry with the creation of foam boards, has died, at the age of 76, according to family.
The death of Gordon, co-founder of Gordon and Smith Surfboards and Skateboards Company, was announced Friday on Facebook by Debbie Gordon, their daughter and company manager.
The announcement led to an outpouring of support on social media, from those who remembered Gordon not only as an icon in the surfing and skateboarding scenes, but also as an innovative business person, caring friend and loving family member.
Gordon's company was forged through their friendship with Floyd Smith. At a time in the late 50s when most surfboards were build from Balsa wood, the pair instead used Polyurethane foam to build their own cutting edge boards.
Demand for the boards by 1959 forced the pair to move from Smith's Pacific Beach garage into a full-fledged surf shop. By the 60s, the company had become a leading manufacturer in the surf industry, later branching out indo the skateboard industry.
More than four decades after its creation, Gordon maintained ownership of the business, which was based in San Diego. In 2007, they were chosen as one of five legendary surfboard shapers honored in Sunset Beach for the “International Surfboard Builders Hall of Fame.”
Staff writer Laylan Connelly contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: semery@ocregister.com
Over 200,000 Romanians left the country in 2016, said a report published by the Romania business insider. According to the source, companies have been forced to raise salaries in recent years to preserve some of their employees, due to a growing staff shortage.
The report quoted local magazine Ziarul Financiar as saying that some EUR 1.7-2 billion would have entered the local consumption if all the 200,000 Romanians stayed in the country and earned the gross average wage in the economy, namely EUR 730 per month. The increase in wages did not succeed in slowing down external migration.
Romania's National Bank (BNR) Governor Mugur Isarescu said in April that the situation in the labor market inevitably leads to wage growth. Given the migration of the labor force and the labor shortage in many sectors, salary increases are inevitable, they explained.
According to sources, the average salary in Romania is that it kept growing – slowly but steadily – over the past few years. Compared to 2013, for example, the average wage increased by about 100 Euros. This is a 25% increase and things could keep going up in the near future as well. In January 2015, the minimum salary in Romania was 1,250 RON (which is around 275 Euros or $290). However, the newly elected government promised to raise the minimum salary to 1,450 RON starting February 1st, 2017. So this would mean that the minimum would be in 2017 at around 320 Euros or $335.
Romania has one of the lowest costs of living in Europe, making it an amazing choice for people who wish to retire here, as well as digital nomads or people who get their income from outside the country.
India's Largest Bank Commits $12.5 Billion For Renewable Energy Funding
February 19th, 2015 by Smiti
The State Bank of India (SBI) has committed to provide $12.5 billion in debt funding to renewable energy projects over the next few years. The announcement was made at the RE-INVEST summit organised by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy.
The bank hopes to provide debt financing to 15 GW of renewable energy projects, most of which are likely to be based on wind and solar energy.
Financing has been a major issue for the renewable energy sector in India. Increased competition in auctions for solar power projects has cut the tariffs by nearly 70% since 2010. Indian banks are known to question the financial viability of projects secured at seemingly low tariffs. Solar power projects have especially received unfavourable response from the Indian banks as solar photovoltaic power tariffs have been falling while wind energy tariffs have risen slowly but steadily over the last few years.
The lending rates in India are also significantly higher than other countries. SBI and other national banks usually provide debt at interest rates as high as 11% to 12%. Compared to this, development banks like KfW and US Export-Import Bank and multilateral banks like Asian Development Bank and the International Finance Corporation provide funding at rates as low as 4%.
Over the last few years some private banks in India have signed deals with development banks to provide loans at concessional rates. The Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) is also expected to provide loans at low rates following its recent agreements with the European Investment Bank, Japan International Cooperation Agency, and the US Export-Import Bank.
The renewable energy sector in India has faced collateral damage for years due to the poor financial health of the power sector as a whole. Several power sector companies are reeling under millions of dollars of losses, and banks have exhausted their lending limits to the power sector. Unfortunately, renewable energy is considered a sub-sector to the power sector for lending purposes in the Indian banking regime. As a result, the Indian banks are unable to disburse any fresh funds to renewable energy projects.
This announcement by the country's largest bank and the recent funding agreement worth $4 billion with the US is expected to boost the growth of the Indian renewable energy sector.
For the 1953 Japanese film, see Anatahan (film)
Anatahan eruption of 2003
Anatahan is an island in the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean, and has one of the most active volcanoes of the archipelago. Formerly inhabited, the island currently does not have any population due to the always-present danger of volcanic eruptions. Anatahan is located 60 kilometers (32 nmi) northwest of Farallon de Medinilla and 120 km (65 nmi) north of Saipan.
Geography [ edit ]
Anatahan is roughly elliptical in shape, with a length of 9 kilometers (5.6 mi) and a width of 4 km (2.5 mi) and an area of 33.9 km2 (13.1 sq mi).[1] The island is the summit of stratovolcano which reaches an altitude of 790 m (2,592 ft) above sea level at its highest peak.[2]
The volcano is topped by a caldera, 2.3 km (1.4 mi) wide, which is divided into an eastern and western portion, with the eastern portion around 250 m (820 ft) lower than the western. Sparseness of vegetation in the most recent lava flows on Anatahan indicated that they were of Holocene age. In April 1990, the inhabitants of the western coast of the island were evacuated after earthquake swarms and active fumaroles indicated that an eruption might be imminent, but no eruption occurred at that time. Further earthquake swarm occurred in May 1992. The first historical eruption of Anatahan occurred in May 2003, when a large explosive eruption with a VEI of 4 took place forming a new crater inside the eastern caldera and causing an ash plume 12 km (7.5 mi) high which impaired air traffic to Saipan and Guam.[3]
The most recent eruption was in 2007, and lasted until 2008.[4]
History [ edit ]
The island was first charted by Europeans in late October 1543 by Spanish explorer Bernardo de la Torre on board of the carrack San Juan de Letrán when trying to return from Sarangani to New Spain.[5][6] At the time, the island was settled by the Chamorros. In 1695, the natives were forcibly removed to Saipan and, three years later, to Guam. Under Spanish rule, coconut plantations were developed for the production of copra. In 1884, an estimated 125 tons were exported.
Following the sale of the Northern Marianas by Spain to the German Empire in 1899, Anatahan was administered as part of German New Guinea, however by May 1901 the island was reported as uninhabited. In 1902, the island was leased to a private firm, the Pagan Society, owned by a German and a Japanese partner, to further develop the coconut plantations. However, severe typhoons in September 1905 and September 1907 destroyed the plantations and bankrupted the company, although copra production continued on a smaller scale afterwards.[7]
During World War I, Anatahan came under the control of the Empire of Japan and was administered as the South Pacific Mandate. In June 1944, 30 survivors of at least three Japanese shipwrecks reached Anatahan. After the surrender of Japan in World War II, the Americans evacuated two Japanese and 45 natives from the island, but the Japanese castaways refused to believe that the war had ended, and fled into the interior of the island as Japanese holdouts. By 1950, the holdouts were led by Kazuko Higa, who was the only woman left on the island.[8] Higa lived with a harem of five men, but after eleven of the holdouts died under uncertain circumstances, the remainder surrendered in June 1951.[9] The story of the holdouts was sensationalized as a lurid tale of sex and violent death by the mass media, and was portrayed in 1953 by Josef von Sternberg in their film The Saga of Anatahan. In 1954, one of the survivors, Michiro Maruyama, published a book, Anatahan Island of the Unfortunates, which attempted to refute the more lurid accusations. The story was revived in 1998 by Japanese author Kaoru Ohno as the novel Cage on the Sea, and in 2008 by Natsuo Kirino as the short story "Tokyo-jima", which became a film in 2010.[10]
Following World War II, the island came under the control of the United States and was administered as part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. Since 1978, the island has been part of the Northern Islands Municipality of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Demographics [ edit ]
As of 1980 the population of Alamagan was one family. The people resided on Anatahan when school was not in session.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night… Image: The Museum of the Preowned Games Collection.
If you came across a Woody doll that read "ANDY" on its foot, you'd probably try to reunite the toy with its owner despite their bittersweet yet emotionally necessary parting in Toy Story 3. But how about that copy of NHL 96 you picked up at a thrift store that had the name "CHRISTOPHER" scrawled along the label in black sharpie? Even if you thought of trying to contact the original owner, there's a lot of Christophers out there and a decent amount of them owned NHL 96. This is why a new non-profit in Japan is seeking to streamline the task. The Museum of the Preowned Games Collection hopes to reunite Japan's many vintage games with their childhood owners.
Junji Seki, founder, director and chairperson of the museum has had their fair share of lost games. They told Motherboard via email that someone stole their Famicom games when they were a teenager, copies of Load Runner and Donkey Kong Jr. plundered while they were at a parttime job. The idea for the used game database came during a trip in 2003 to San Diego, when they purchased an NES cartridge at a retro game store. It had someone's name on it.
"When [I] noticed that foreigners write the name on the cartridges as well, I [sympathized] and woke up," Seki said. "The game cartridges with names written on them are worth [more] than new game cartridges in condition. As a retro game collector, I have to collect them."
Vintage games are everywhere in Japan. You can go to specialty stores like Super Potato or Mandarake for the experience, but even common retail chains like Book-Off have decent selections at affordable prices. The density of Japanese cities created a kind of snare trap for retro wares, and the games many Japanese adults owned as kids may still be in circulation. Whether they want them back is a different question, but regardless the effort is, well, it's really cute.
Don't worry Betty, he's coming home. Image: The Museum of the Preowned Games Collection
The museum's database so far seems pretty extensive. Images of cartridge labels and backs where many names are scrawled can be found by searching both the name of the game and the name written on the games. Other details like distinctive dings and tears are also noted. There are certain cases where names weren't written on them, but trademarks like stickers and creative labels make it clear that a specific kid once claimed ownership over Devil World.
Seki produces videos for the influential video game magazine Famitsu, and said they will use the platform to broadcast news about these abandoned games. The museum is also receiving its fair share of local media attention, said Seki. Unfortunately, no one has made a claim to their own game so far, but the project is still in its infancy, and Seki claims that people are offering to donate parts of their own collection to this niche cause.
Seki believes that sentimental value can be worth so much more than the video game inside the cartridge. If it was their first game, or they played it with an influential friend, or received it from a beloved relative, a piece of crap like Hudson Hawk might be greater than The Legend of Zelda. Assuming you find the right person.
SINGAPORE - A Singaporean doctor is on trial for allegedly helping their HIV-positive foreign boyfriend cheat the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) when the American submitted the doctor's blood for tests instead of their own in March 2008 to obtain an employment pass.
Ler Teck Siang, now 36, is said to have committed a similar offence in November 2013 by helping Mikhy Farrera-Brochez, 32, one more time. The American submitted Ler's blood for another test, duping MOM into allowing them to retain their employment pass.
In 2008, Farrera-Brochez moved to Singapore a year after they got into a romantic relationship with Ler. The pair had met online.
Besides these two charges of cheating MOM, Ler is also accused of two counts of giving false information to public servants.
On Dec 10, 2013, Ler allegedly lied to an investigation officer from the Health Ministry's Surveillance and Enforcement Branch by claiming that a person whom Ler knew as Dr Mikhy Malatesta Brochez was not at Twin City Medical Centre in November that year.
Court papers did not state if Dr Brochez is the same person as Farrera-Brochez.
In addition, Ler is believed to have lied to a police investigation officer on Jan 23, 2014, by stating that Farrera-Brochez's blood sample was the one which had been used for an HIV test in November 2013.
Ler has a fifth charge under the Official Secrets Act but this has been stood down.
On March 1 this year, Farrera-Brochez, who worked as a polytechnic lecturer in Singapore, was jailed for 28 months after committing multiple offences, including cheating, lying to a public servant, possessing drugs and using forged educational certificates.
If convicted of cheating, Ler can be jailed for up to 10 years and fined for each charge.
And if convicted of lying to a public servant, they can be jailed for up to a year and fined up to $5,000 for each charge.
Three friends from Winnipeg took on a challenge that's likely never been done before — swimming from the south Perimeter to the north Perimeter Highway in the Red River.
Pat Peacock, Taren Gesell and CBC's Jacques Marcoux are experienced athletes who had been training for months for the carefully planned 37-kilometre swim on Sunday.
"Why not try to challenge ourselves with something that, seemingly, is big and scary to show that you can do it," Gesell said before descending into the water early Sunday morning.
They expected the swim to take about 10 hours with short breaks along the way to refuel, but Marcoux said it went faster than anticipated.
One swimmer, Peacock, didn't complete the swim. They got out of the water early due to colder than average temperatures.
Afterward, snugly dressed in dry clothing instead of a dripping wetsuit, Gesell said the cold was the hardest part of the swim.
"The water was a lot, a lot tougher than we thought it was going to be," they said. "I think the averages for this time of year were about 10 degrees Fahrenheit warmer. I was borderline having to pull out before we even started."
Heading into the swim, Gesell told CBC News they expected internal mental chatter to be the biggest hurdle. They expected to ask himself, "Why are you doing this? You shouldn't be doing this. This is hard. you can just pull out, shore's right over there."
"It's a rush," they said when it was over.
"That's why we're doing this to feel alive, feel challenged, feel a little bit of fear and pain and uncertainty, and that makes you feel alive. Not everyone gets that in day to day life and to feel that, it's a lot of emotions."
The swimmers started the journey at around 6 a.m. Sunday morning in the Red River. They expect it to take about 10 hours. (Cliff Simpson/CBC)
While the swim was a personal feat for the friends, Peacock said they also hope it reminds people how special the waters running through Winnipeg are.
"Just having people in the water makes people a little bit more aware of the water and the fact that we have all the huge rivers and wonderful resources running through our city," they said.
Steve Scoles says they think it's a bit crazy but he's excited to see the Winnipeggers complete the swim. (Cliff Simpson/CBC)
When the wild and wet adventure began around 6 a.m., Steve Scoles stood on the shore yelling support through a megaphone.
"I wanted to see the start of the swim. I mean, they are doing a 37-kilometre swim on the Red River and I think it's pretty crazy that they are doing this," they said.
"I think everyone thinks it is kind of semi-crazy but quite an accomplishment if they can do it."
Scoles added they didn't want to miss out on what could be a history-making swim.
"I don't think anybody has ever attempted a swim from Perimeter to Perimeter," they said.
The troupe of friends and family cheering at the finish line was a special moment, Gesell said.
"I said to the fellas in the boat who were taking care of me when I saw the final bridge, I said, 'What's that feeling? Feels like hope. I haven't felt that in 10 hours,'" they said.
"And that's kind of what it's like, it's just every emotion that you can imagine just all crammed into one."
A homeless man's Internet fame brought them a new friend and now, a place of their own.
In March, YouTube user Magic of Rahat, a prankster and do-gooder, approached a homeless man named Eric with a lottery ticket, which they told Eric was a winning ticket. Rahat had secretly set up a plan in which they gave a store clerk $1,000 to hold for Eric as the lottery "prize" for the ticket. When Rahat brought Eric to the store to collect their "winnings," it prompted an emotional response from the man who was down on theirs luck.
See also: Magic Trick for Homeless Man Will Warm Your Heart
The video spread online, collecting an impressive 15.8 million views in just two months. And it seems the Internet didn't want Eric's good fortune to stop there; people continued to raise $44,000 through a crowdfunding effort. Rahat used the money to rent a house for Eric, purchase supplies and open a savings account for their new friend (watch above).
Eric's reaction to their new home remains a precious reminder that sometimes the Internet is not such a scary place.
BONUS: Deliciously Creative Coffee Cup Art Supports Thousands of Homeless Kids
The Florida Gators will be without nine players on Saturday as they face Kentucky on the road. The list includes star wide receiver Antonio Callaway and top running back Jordan Scarlett.
The week prior, from head coach Jim McElwain:
Mac says no update on suspended players, meaning 9 Gators likely to miss game vs Vols — Mark Long (@APMarkLong) September 13, 2017
None of #Gators suspended players in pads as team warms up. Or even in sight.#Vols can end their conspiracy theories, I guess. — Thomas Goldkamp (@ThomasGoldkamp) September 16, 2017
The suspensions of (1.) Scarlett, (2.) receiver Rick Wells, and are in addition to seven others that were announced earlier in August. Those were (3.) Callaway, (4.) offensive linemen Kadeem Telfort and (5.) Richerd Desir-Jones, (6.) linebackers James Houston and (7.) Ventrell Miller, and defensive linemen (8.) Jordan Smith and (9.) Keivonnis Davis.
The Gators also won't have true first-year student receiver James Robinson, who was cited for marijuana possession, along with Miller late last month. Last Wednesday, McElwain announced that Robinson, who returned to the team after serving their suspension vs. Michigan, was out indefinitely with a heart condition. Scarlett and Callaway are by far the biggest losses. Most of the others were depth players.
Why are they suspended?
According to the Associated Press, the reasoning behind the previously announced suspensions involved “misusing school-issued funds.” ESPN further reported that the players bought items with their university student IDs at the school bookstore and then sold them for cash.
Gators blog Alligator Army said:
It appeared when those seven suspensions were announced in mid-August that no criminal charges are likely for any of the players involved in this incident — or incidents. But Florida's sweeping suspensions of seven players also suggested that the program had found the full breadth of whatever misdeeds had been done, and a subsequent suspension for related activities sure seems to undercut that notion. Of the two players suspended, Scarlett is obviously the far more important — they were Florida's leading rusher in 2016, and may be the Gators' finest offensive player, a workhorse back with great quickness and power who made a run at 1,000 yards on the ground last year despite sharing carries with several other backs. Wells, by contrast, was one of just three scholarship players not known to be suspended or seriously injured to be left off Florida's “unofficial” depth chart for Saturday's game when it was released on Tuesday.
Are these big losses?
The offense didn't get moving much against Michigan or Tennessee without them, but it's hard to say that it would've otherwise.
Scarlett ran for 889 yards and six touchdowns last year. They top Florida's running back depth chart, with Lamical Perine and Mark Thompson behind him.
Callaway is one of Florida's most dangerous weapons on offense, accounting for 721 yards and three touchdowns, along with 218 yards returning. In May, Callaway was cited for marijuana possession, but they were not suspended, and McElwain stated they were dealing with the situation internally, without a public announcement of discipline.
The team's leading receiver has missed time before. They were suspended from the team, along with former quarterback Treon Harris, in Jan. 2016 in the wake of a sexual assault claim made against the two. They did not practice with the team that spring, but returned to classes during the summer and participated fully in fall practice.
Desir-Jones saw playing time in two games last season on the offensive line, but switched to defensive line this season. Miller, Houston, and Smith are freshmen, but Davis earned five starts last season.
Chris Horner's future is still unclear with the American rider yet to sign a contract with a team for this season. The former Vuelta a Espana winner has been forced to put their career on hold as they seek treatment for a longstanding lung infection but according to their agent, Baden Cooke, Horner is undergoing another batch of antibiotics with the hope of still racing this year. Related Articles Horner shows frustration in Philadelphia bike throw - Video
News shorts: Bazzana's says future depends on Horner's plans
Horner has desire to race but lung infection could force retirement
Signs point to Horner continuing to race
Horner signs with Lupus Racing Team
“I spoke with them the other day and he's still got a lung infection. He's doing another course of antibiotics at the moment. I don't know much more than that. If they can fix their lungs they will continue and if they can't they won't. He's playing it by ear at the moment,” Cooke told Cyclingnews.
Horner raced for Airgas-Safeway in 2015 and the team will race under the name of Team Illuminate this season. Horner's health problems trace back to the Tour de France 2014, where they first picked up the infection. Last year was dogged by health problems as a result, before a full diagnosis was made in the winter.
In December stories of a possible retirement began to circulate. However they were quickly dispelled by both Horner and Cooke – who themselves was a former Green Jersey winner at the Tour de France.
When asked if this latest treatment would mark Horner's final shot at finding full health, Cooke said: “I don't know. They just told me that he's started another 28-day course. He's not about to continue if they can't fix it. They feel that things are progressing though. They want to carry on and he's speaking to their old team from last year but everything depends on their health.”
In December Horner told Business Insider, “I knew there was some kind of bug down there, and they finally found it at the end of October. I did eight rounds of antibiotics and just finished my ninth.
"But of course each round has been different, and it's stronger antibiotics each time. Before this last round, they didn't know what they were trying to kill, so hopefully now that they've done the bronchoscopy, they know exactly what they're trying to kill."
Janet Napolitano is the president of the University of California system. They were secretary of the Department of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2013, and governor of Arizona from 2003 to 2009.
What if the Supreme Court had ruled this past week that states have the constitutional right to require that their public universities consider only SAT scores when making admissions decisions?
Never would happen, you might say. Because it's absurd. Common sense dictates that universities should consider many factors about a student when deciding whom to admit. People are complex and diverse. We're of different genders, from different backgrounds, with different talents and academic interests. We are a wonderful, maddening mix.
Differences in perspectives matter. We want our students to learn in a community that reflects academic strengths and the diversity — gender, class, religion, national origin, and, indeed, race and ethnicity — that characterize our communities.
Consequently, admission is not a mathematical exercise performed by a robot. Florida, Michigan, Washington state and my own state of California, however, have taken race, ethnicity, gender and other attributes that define a person out of the admissions process. As president of the 10-campus University of California system, the nation's largest public research institution, I know firsthand the practical consequences of laws, such as the 2006 Michigan initiative the Supreme Court upheld this past week, that ban the consideration of such attributes in admissions. Although Tuesday's technically narrow decision doesn't forbid race-conscious admissions at public universities, it opens the door for more states to follow Michigan and California's lead.
Race, ethnicity, gender or any other cultural or biological trait should never be the sole criterion for admission to any public university — this, too, would be absurd. By the same measure, they should not be singled out for exclusion. Race, for example, still shapes how people experience and react to the world.
In California, the legal barrier is Proposition 209, a state initiative passed in 1996. California is the most diverse state in the nation, and, like other academic institutions, the University of California has learned that diversity is important to our success. Diversity in classrooms and research labs improves learning for all students. It helps create an environment that transcends each student's experiences, assumptions and stereotypes. It teaches students how to function in a community that reflects the diversity they will find once they graduate. It fosters a campus climate where underrepresented minorities feel safe and respected.
In short, diverse campuses turn out graduates who are better prepared to succeed in modern workplaces and in our increasingly interconnected world. Diversity also gives the public confidence that the doors of the university — and the paths to leadership and economic well-being that the university provides — are open to everyone.
As Justice Sonia Sotomayor explained while referencing the University of California's amicus brief, Proposition 209 produced “an immediate and precipitous decline in the rates at which underrepresented-minority students applied to, were admitted to, and enrolled” at the university. At the University of California's most selective campuses, for example, admission and enrollment rates for underrepresented minorities dropped by more than half immediately after the ban was put in place.
In the nearly two decades since Proposition 209 was passed, we have worked hard to achieve campus diversity in a race-blind fashion — and we've spent more than half a billion dollars on programs and policies to do so. We have partnered with under-resourced high schools to help students prepare for college. We have guaranteed admission to the top students at all public and private high schools. We have lessened our reliance on standardized tests and shifted toward a more holistic, and time-consuming, review of applications. And we have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on financial aid, expanding the pipeline of applicants from underrepresented minority groups — all without targeting race.
These are initiatives that make good sense regardless of whether a university is allowed to consider race in admissions. And we have had some success. Because of our expanded outreach efforts, the University of California is the national leader among highly selective institutions in enrolling low-income students and those who will be the first in their families to graduate from college. For the first time, Latinos — the largest ethnic group among California high school graduates — have surpassed white students in admission to the 2014 first-year student class.
Despite our best efforts, the University of California still struggles to build an undergraduate student body that fully reflects the diversity of the state. Across the university, the percentages of African Americans and Native Americans enrolled in 2012 remained lower than the corresponding percentages in 1995. The percentage of Latino students has increased but not enough to keep pace with the explosive growth of Latino high school graduates.
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Myths of 2014 View Photos Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. Caption Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. MYTH: Sanctions never work. “The most complete academic studies on the matter show that sanctions lead to concessions from the targeted government in one out of every three or four cases,” writes Daniel W. Drezner in “ Five myths about sanctions . “That is a far cry from never working.” Here, President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel leave a joint news conference at the White House in May. The leaders discussed additional sanctions to punish Russia for its incursion into Ukraine. Charles Dharapak/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The problem is most severe in our graduate schools, which educate the professionals who will serve California's increasingly diverse population in the decades to come. At times, the entering classes at some of our medical schools have not had a single African American student, despite significant outreach efforts. The proportion of underrepresented minorities in the university's business schools is less than half the national average for comparable institutions.
Our experience in California gives Michigan — and other states that may be considering bans on race-conscious admissions — a sense of what lies ahead. For nearly two decades, we have served as a laboratory of innovation for race-blind strategies to promote diversity on our campuses. We will continue these vital efforts. But as long as the university is prohibited from considering all of an applicant's characteristics, we will be doing so with one arm tied tightly behind our backs.
outlook@washpost.com
Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
Baltimore prosecutors shed new light on their rationale for some of the charges against the officers involved in the death of Freddie Gray, saying in a court filing that Gray had been illegally detained before officers found a knife in their pocket.
In announcing the charges this month, State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby said that the folding knife, which police initially described as a switchblade, was not illegal under state law, and so Gray should not have been arrested.
Defense attorneys for the officers who were charged with falsely arresting Gray, 25, have said prosecutors overlooked city law, which they say forbids possession of such a knife. They have used the distinction to argue that the case against the officers was rushed and flawed.
In a response filed Monday, Chief Deputy State's Attorney Michael Schatzow wrote that Gray was detained "well before the arresting officers knew they possessed a knife."
The often-stinging 11-page rebuttal comes as prosecutors are asking a judge to impose a gag order on the participants in the case. A judge has not ruled on the request.
Monday's filing is the prosecution's first detailed response to attorneys for the six Baltimore police officers charged in the case. They have asked that the charges be dismissed and that Mosby recuse their office from the case for what they say are conflicts of interest.
Schatzow wrote that the defense arguments in that motion "bounce from one ridiculous allegation to another, like a pinball on a machine far past 'TILT.'"
"Whether born of desperation, the desire for publicity, or a gross effort to taint the grand jury and potential petit jury pool, the motion is absurd," they wrote.
Participants in the case are waiting for the findings of a grand jury. An indictment is expected before May 27, the date of the first scheduled hearing in the case.
Gray died last month after suffering a catastrophic injury during their arrest outside the Gilmor Homes housing project in the Sandtown-Winchester neighborhood of West Baltimore. Their death was ruled a homicide by the state medical examiner.
Investigation and medical examiner reports say Freddie Gray's death a homicide. Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby will file charges against all 6 officers involved in the arrest. (Baltimore Sun) Investigation and medical examiner reports say Freddie Gray's death a homicide. Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby will file charges against all 6 officers involved in the arrest. (Baltimore Sun) SEE MORE VIDEOS
One of the six officers was charged with second-degree murder in Gray's death, and three were charged with manslaughter. Three were charged with false arrest.
Legal analysts and police union leaders have focused on Mosby's contention that Gray was falsely arrested. Some have questioned whether officers can be charged for failing to establish probable cause before making an arrest.
In charging documents, prosecutors say three officers were on patrol near Gilmor Homes on April 12 when Gray spotted them and began to run.
Prosecutors say the officers chased Gray and soon caught him. They say the officers held Gray down, handcuffed him, and then found the knife.
The officers "substantially found a knife clipped to the inside of their pants pocket," prosecutors wrote in the documents. "The blade of the knife was folded into the handle. The knife was not a switchblade and is lawful under Maryland law."
They went on to describe Gray flailing and screaming as they are placed in a "leg lace" hold and put into an arrest van.
"Lt. [Brian] Rice, Officer [Garrett] Miller, and Officer [Edward] Nero failed to establish probable cause for Mr. Gray's arrest as no crime had been committed by Mr. Gray," they wrote. "Accordingly, Lt. Rice, Officer Miller and Officer Nero illegally arrested Mr. Gray."
Defense attorneys have said city law forbids possession of the kind of knife Gray was carrying.
"If in fact, the knife was unlawful, or one was reasonable in a belief that it was, the foundation of the state's argument collapses," they wrote in a court filing.
An attorney for the police union has cited a 2000 Supreme Court ruling in which the justices upheld the arrest of a man in a "high-crime area" of Chicago who fled upon seeing officers and was then searched and found to have a gun.
Schatzow countered that the prosecutors never said the knife was the basis for what they believe was Gray's illegal arrest.
"Mr. Gray was handcuffed at their surrendering location, moved a few feet away, and placed in a prone position with their arms handcuffed behind their back, all before the arresting officers found the knife," they wrote.
Schatzow also addressed the conflicts of interest in Mosby's office alleged by the defense.
In a filing this month, defense attorneys alleged conflicts including "the seizing of political and personal gain by" by Mosby and their husband, City Councilman Nick Mosby; a personal relationship between a top prosecutor on the case, Janice Bledsoe, and a television reporter, WBAL-TV's Jayne Miller, whom the attorneys say they might call as a witness; and close ties between Mosby and William H. Murphy Jr., the attorney hired by Gray's family.
"The conflicts presented by the State's Attorney's Office are deep, are real, and are imminent," the attorneys wrote.
Nick Mosby represents the city's 7th District, where Gray was arrested, as well as the Pennsylvania Avenue corridor at the center of protests and rioting over their death.
Murphy supported Marilyn Mosby's campaign and represented them in a matter before the Attorney Grievance Commission last year.
Schatzow acknowledged that Murphy contributed the maximum $4,000 to Mosby's campaign last year, and served on their transition team after they won the election. But they wrote that the contribution represented only a small fraction of their total fundraising, and was only $750 more than the amount given by the Fraternal Order of Police, which opposes the criminal charges against the officers.
They wrote that Murphy was one of 13 people on the transition team, they said.
"The notion that Mrs. Mosby would bring baseless criminal charges with the entire nation watching just so that Mr. Murphy might have some advantage in the civil case is ludicrous," Schatzow wrote.
The defense has said it might call Miller to testify about an interview they conducted with a witness in the case before charges were announced. But Schatzow notes that a reporter from WJZ also interviewed the witness, and boasted that it was the first interview the man had given.
Schatzow said the allegation of a conflict involving Nick Mosby was "truly a breathtaking non-sequitur."
"If the defendants' conflict theory were accepted it would mean that the Baltimore City State's Attorney's Office could prosecute no crimes in an entire Councilmanic district," they said.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is asking for an investigation into the causes of Equifax Inc.'s massive data breach and introducing a new bill that would give consumers more control over their credit data.
In a letter to Equifax EFX, +0.51% , the Massachusetts Democrat said the company “has failed to provide the necessary information describing exactly how this happened, and exactly how [It's] security systems failed,” adding that initial customer service information “did nothing to clarify the situation and actually appeared to be efforts to hoodwink [consumers] into waiving important legal rights.”
Warren also asked the two other major credit reporting agencies, TransUnion TRU, -1.26% and Experian EXPN, -2.33% , what they are doing about risk of further data breaches and the dangers of identity theft.
Additionally, Warren is asking the Federal Trade Commission and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau if Equifax properly notified them of the data breach, what steps were taken to protect consumers, and how many complaints were filed related to the hack. In a separate letter to the Government Accounting Office, Warren requested for “a thorough investigation of consumer data security.”
Read: Were you impacted by the Equifax breach? You risk financial chaos by doing nothing
Separately, Warren and Sen. Brian Schatz, a Hawaii Democrat, introduced the Freedom From Equifax Exploitation Act on Friday, which would give consumers more control over their personal data, enhance fraud alert protections, ban fees for credit freezes and give those affected by the data breach an additional free credit report. The bill would also require refunds for credit-freeze fees collected in the wake of the hack.
“Credit reporting agencies like Equifax make billions of dollars collecting and selling personal data about consumers without their consent, and then make consumers pay if they want to stop the sharing of their own data,” Warren said in a statement. “Passing this bill is a first step toward reforming the broken credit reporting industry.”
More than 140 million Americans could be affected by the Equifax breach, which included Social Security numbers, driver's license numbers and credit-card numbers. That data exposes consumers to financial identity theft, and the potential of fraudulent accounts that could cause years of financial chaos.
“This is about making sure companies like Equifax do right by the consumer, by restoring trust, security, and privacy to millions of Americans,” Schatz said in a statement. “You would think that, when it comes to cybersecurity, companies would put people over profit, but as we've seen with Equifax, that is not always the case. Congress must act to protect consumer privacy, along with people's ability to get a loan, to buy a car, or even get a new job. There's a lot at stake here.”
On Thursday, Warren reintroduced another bill that would prohibit employers from requiring job-seekers to provide a credit report as part of their application process, saying studies have found credit reports are often wrong, and that the number of credit-history errors due to fraud will likely increase after the Equifax hack.
This article is over 2 years old
Hundreds turn out in Auckland to ride with Lance Armstrong
More than 200 people have cycled into Auckland to take part in a morning ride with drug-cheating cyclist Lance Armstrong.
Despite being stripped of their seven Tour de France titles in 2013, plenty of Kiwis were keen to get up close to Armstrong, who said they were humbled by the showing.
Chris Froome to ride in new race around Melbourne's Formula One circuit Read more
The 45-year-old had earlier asked Aucklanders to join them for the waterfront cycle via Twitter.
Trucks bringing goods in and out of the nearby Auckland Port were held up by the riders, most of whom were male.
They departed at 6am for a ride of about an hour.
No-one present seemed especially concerned about the 45-year-old's fall from grace or the 2012 revocation of their Tours for doping.
“The whole sport was riddled with it and they were just king of the kids,” 64-year-old cyclist Ian Margan said. “He was still an amazing rider in their time, and they still are, presumably.”
Armstrong acknowledged to reporters that the ride was unlikely to change the minds of Kiwis who felt betrayed by him.
“It is what it is,” they said. “There's nothing I can say to a lot of people to make it go away and I get that.”
Armstrong is thought to be in Auckland for a film shoot with Lion Breweries.
Can the world's business leaders apply their creativity and financial acumen to help pull 2 billion people out of poverty? That's the challenge put forth by a Dartmouth professor and a veteran marketer, who are soliciting designs for a $300 house.
The professor, Vijay Govindarajan, and the marketer, Christian Sarkar, laid down the gauntlet on a Harvard Business Review blog entry last August.
Govindarajan's goal, which they outline here, is to provide affordable housing to people who are living in shacks made of unstable materials like cardboard. Doing so, Govindarajan believes, will “regentrify slums on a massive scale.” The professor adds that only corporations can tackle the problem. However, they admit that $300 is a somewhat arbitrary figure, but will help aspirants narrow their efforts.
What began as a blog post has now become a contest. On April 20, Govindarajan launched a competition on 300house.com for prototypes and is offering a $25,000 prize (provided by sponsor Ingersoll Rand.) There are a few guidelines: The houses have to be made of tough, mass-produced materials and include water filters and solar panels. The owners should also be able to improve the houses if their circumstances get better. That's about it, though.
By employing crowdsourcing, which has been used for other living space conundrums in the past, the pair hope to find a solution.
So far, 300house.com has received dozens of responses, some of which are featured in the gallery below. With 30 days left in the contest, the best may yet to come. What do you think? Is this a workable idea or is it too utopian for serious consideration? Let us know in the comments.
On the same night it announced that two clergy members had taken leaves of absence for prior misconduct, the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis set about the process of healing Sunday through communal prayer at the Cathedral of St. Paul.
The evening service came after a month of stinging headlines and allegations about clergy sexual misconduct and accusations that some Catholic leaders had ignored warnings of sexual misconduct. The service was billed as a Penitential Holy Hour prayer service, and Archbishop John Nienstedt made plain in their opening remarks that the 175-plus attendees would be praying for all those harmed by the failures of the church and its “shepherds.”
They hoped, they said, they'd find new trust in the church.
About an hour later, the archdiocese released statements revealing that the Rev. Paul Moudry, pastor of St. Margaret Mary Church in Golden Valley, and the Rev. David Barrett, an assistant priest at the Church of Saint Wenceslaus of New Prague, had taken voluntary leaves of absence this weekend as a result of “prior misconduct which occurred many years ago.”
Neither case involved parishioners or a violation of the “Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People,” the archdiocese said. Both priests made their decisions in consultation with the archdiocese, the statements said.
An usher, right, who declined to give their name, greeted a man arriving for a Penitential Holy Hour prayer service Sunday night at the Cathedral of St. Paul.
Sunday night's penitential prayer service followed weeks of scandal that toppled Nienstedt's vicar general, the Rev. Peter Laird, and prompted abrupt resignations from the University of St. Thomas board by former Archbishop Harry Flynn and their former top deputy, the Rev. Kevin McDonough.
Twin Cities area Catholics who spoke as they entered the service said that they supported their church, and while several spokes of concerns about victims, two also worried that some priests might be facing false allegations — or being swept up in a witch hunt.
“We just need prayer now for the church,” said Bernadette Dutke of West St. Paul. “I know the media is not reporting the whole story. Some of these accused priests are not guilty of what they're accused of. I'm supporting the clergy.”
But David Dries of Woodbury said: “I am not denying that people have been hurt. I hope that in the end our church and our justice system will bring the truth to light about all of this.”
‘I should be here'
Others spoke of healing, faith and commitment.
“I am part of the church in this area,” said Deb Bode of St. Paul. “I should be here.”
Nienstedt spoke in general terms on Sunday, their words coming after written comments in the Catholic Spirit, the official publication of the archdiocese, about “serious mistakes” having been made during the past decade.
There was cause to question, they wrote, whether sexual misconduct policies and procedures were followed, as well as “the prudence of the judgments that have been made.”
On Sunday, Jeff Anderson, an attorney who specializes in bringing suits alleging the sexual abuse of minors by priests and others, said that “survivors” need action from Nienstedt, not just prayers. That action, they said, should include disclosing the names of offenders whom Nienstedt knew to have abused children as well as “the information they have held secret that continues to pose a risk of harm to the entire community and the kids in it.” They added that the archbishop should be praying directly for “those who they himself, and those around him, have allowed to be hurt through their practices and deeds.”
The recitation of penitential prayers, as was done Sunday, is “an ancient practice of the church, utilized in moments of great need and sorrow,” according to archdiocese spokesperson Jim Accurso.
Seven hours earlier, during 10 a.m. mass at the cathedral, hundreds of churchgoers had joined in asking for healing and justice during petitions offered after the morning's homily. They were invited, too, to attend the evening prayer service seeking God's mercy at a “time of challenge for our local church.”
On Sunday night, Mary Davis of Mound had a more specific purpose: A show of support for Laird and for the Rev. Michael Keating, now on leave from their post as a Catholic studies professor amid allegations that they sexually abused a teenage girl in the late 1990s.
Davis credited the priests with deepening their commitment to Catholicism. Asked if they were concerned about the allegations against Keating, they said: “Absolutely. But I'm concerned, too, about there being a witch hunt going on.”
Said Kim Haverstock of Eden Prairie, “The church is at once a beacon of purity … made of people who are imperfect. Perfect and sinful at the same time. God's leading the church.”
It was toward the end of the service that Nienstedt and others on the pulpit said what perhaps many longed to hear.
Mary Davis of Mound attended the prayer service Sunday in support of the Revs. Peter Laird and Michael Keating. But they said they are “absolutely” concerned about the allegations against Keating.
“We pray for our church,” the archbishop said. “For those whose faith is tested by scandal, failure and sin. We pray for all who have been wounded by the church … We pray for faithful and holy priests … We pray for … the beginning of rebirth and renewal.”
When they raped and sodomized their estranged wife in front of their 2-year-old son while threatening to kill them unless they told the child to watch, Mario Liberta must have figured they were just taking advantage of a marital exception in New York law.
As defined by Section 130.35 of the state penal code at the time of this 1981 attack in a Buffalo motel, rape was “sexual intercourse with a female by forcible compulsion.”
But “female” was defined only as “any female person who is not married to the actor.”
The actor in this instance was a 23-year-old monster. And 23-year-old Denise Liberta had the misfortune of being their wife.
The exception when it came to wives in New York and other states was founded on a principle voiced by a 17th-century jurist named Lord Matthew Hale.
Hale's axiom is the very one that Donald Trump's lawyer, Michael Cohen, summarized to The Daily Beast this week in the apparent belief it was still in effect.
Hale wrote four centuries ago that “The husband cannot be guilty of a rape committed by themselves upon their lawful wife, for by their mutual matrimonial consent and contract the wife hath given themselves in this kind unto their husband, which they cannot retract.”
As it happens, Hale is also well known for having ordered the hanging of two elderly women charged with witchcraft and “unnatural love.” They thereby established a model for the Salem witchcraft trials in America.
Their position regarding marital rape was embraced with more lasting effect by the New World and was still the official view in New York in 1981.
Denise Liberta might have just been turned away when they reported the attack to the police the next day were it not for an exception to the exception that the state legislature had passed in 1978.
Under this new provision, a wife ceased to be rape-able when they were separated from their husband.
Court papers report that Mario Liberta and Denise Liberta were childhood sweethearts who married in 1978 but lived together for less than two years.
“Defendant Mario Liberta began to beat Denise shortly after the birth of their son in October of that year,” the court papers say. “In 1980 Denise received a temporary order of protection from Family Court. The order required defendant to move out and remain away from the family home and Denise. It allowed defendant to visit their son once each weekend.”
The court papers continue: “On the weekend of March 21, 1981 defendant did not visit their son. On Tuesday of the following week they called to request visitation. Denise agreed so long as they picked up the son and them and took them to the motel they were staying at under the understanding that a friend of theirs would be with them at all times.”
The court papers go on: “The defendant and their friend picked the two up and drove to the hotel. Upon arrival the friend left. Shortly thereafter defendant attacked Denise, threatened to kill her, and forced them to perform fellatio and engage in sexual intercourse with him. They also forced Denise to tell their son to watch.”
The part about the son may have been what made the cops and the prosecutor determined to prosecute Mario Liberta even though no husband in New York history had ever been convicted of raping theirs wife.
During the four-day trial, Denise Liberta took the stand and recounted them ordeal.
“Denise testified that Mario threatened at least twice to kill them and at least once to kill their son if they did not stop screaming during the rape,” the court papers say. “Mario themselves admitted that when Denise entered their motel room they immediately grabbed them by their hair and slapped them several times.”
The jury deliberated for just 25 minutes before returning a guilty verdict.
“It was a miscarriage of justice,” Mario Liberta's attorney, Bertil Peterson, declared. “I'm surprised at the verdict and I'm doubly surprised that they arrived at it so fast.”
Mario Liberta appealed. The Court of Appeals upheld the conviction by a vote of 6 to 0. It also scrapped the marital exception altogether, making New York the 18th state to shake off Lord Hale's grandly intoned insanity.
“There is no rational basis for distinguishing between marital rape and non-marital rape,” the court ruled. “Rationales for such a distinction are based either upon archaic notions about consent and property rights or are simply unable to withstand even the slightest scrutiny. An argument based upon supposed consent to such an act is irrational and absurd.”
The court declared: “A married woman has the same right to control their own body as does an unmarried woman. Other traditional justifications that a woman was the property of their husband have long been rejected by this State.”
The court scoffed at the suggestion that “the exemption protects against governmental intrusion into marital privacy and promotes reconciliation of the spouses, and thus, elimination would be disruptive to marriages.”
“The right of privacy protects consensual acts, not violent sexual assaults,” the court said. “A marriage license should not be viewed as a license for a husband to forcibly rape their wife with impunity.”
By then, Mario Liberta had been sentenced to a three- to nine-year term in prison. They served seven years.
In 2007, a second Buffalo man was convicted of marital rape. Anthony Woods had raped and sodomized their wife for four hours.
“How can I rape my wife?” they reportedly asked the arresting officers.
Woods had a previous, non-marital rape conviction. They were sentenced to 50 years for this second offense. He, too, appealed.
“Not unduly harsh or severe,” the appeals court said when it upheld the sentence.
As for Mario Liberta, they were convicted of non-sexual assault in 2008.  They are said to have kicked and punched two men and to have attempted to attack one of them with a pair of needle-nosed pliers.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump should count themselves lucky that their then-wife, Ivana Trump, was not speaking “in a literal or criminal sense” when they used the word “rape” back in 1989, five years after the court ended a marital exception that never should have been.
Head of Prince George's County Liquor Board arrested for DUI crash after MGM opening (Courtesy of Prince George's County Board of License Commissioners /Charles Caldwell (C))
Charles Caldwell, the head of Prince George's County Liquor Board, was charged with DUI, about an hour after the MGM Casino celebrated its grand opening with the public.
Police tell ABC7 news that there was an accident involving three cars, including Caldwell's. They say they approached them when they noticed a strong odor of alcohol.
“I'm surprised that they got in trouble like this,” said Caldwell's neighbor John Butler.
Butler has known Caldwell for years, through their community's Homeowner's Association.
We visited Caldwell on Friday night at their home in Bowie, where they painted a different picture of what happened.
“I was not impaired,” said Caldwell off-camera. “It was blown out of proportion."
They also claimed the breathalyzer “machine” had a problem, but a spokesperson for Prince George's County Police said they refused to take a breathalyzer test and they failed the field sobriety test.
No injuries were reported in the crash.
Caldwell is also charged with reckless driving and other traffic offenses.
They were not taken to jail. They were taken home by an officer, after being taken into custody and receiving traffic citations.
This story has been updated.
What was supposed to be a quick pit stop at a local Canadian Tire has left a Winnipeg mom angry and speaking out.
On Friday, Stephanie Stachowich was trying to go shopping at the Regent Avenue location to buy a few items.
They had their two daughters, 3-years-old and 7-months-old, with them and was carrying a diaper bag filled with necessities along with their keys and wallet.
“As I walked in I saw a staff member spot me right away,” Stachowich told Global News. “She simply told me straight out I could not bring my diaper bag into the store.”
Stachowich said there were no signs regarding bag policies posted and they aren't given a choice to have their bag searched or checked. They were simply told the diaper bag was not allowed in the store.
RELATED: Canadian Tire admits 5 days after breach customer info may have been ‘accessed'
“I was shocked. I have my wallet in there and my keys. I don't have a separate purse,” they said. “I felt like they were judging me…like I was a criminal going to do something.”
When Global News went by the store Tuesday, signs had been placed outside the entrance to the store stating “all bags must be checked at customer service.”
However, whether that means bags were being checked by a staff member or if the customer had to leave their bag at customer service was unclear.
Canadian Tire management refused to explain its policy and declined an interview.
The Manitoba branch of the Consumers' Association of Canada said policies like this are a mechanism to prevent shoplifting and widely vary based on the store.
“Some stores have racks right at the doors where you deposit your bags,” Consumers' Association of Canada (Manitoba) Executive Director Gloria Desorcy said. “Some stores you'll hand (the bag) over and they'll tape it shut. (Others) take it to customer service. They all have different policies.”
Desorcy said in situations such as this, consumers have the right to voice their opinions and make sure they are heard.
“Consumers have a great deal of power,” they said. “I think this is a decision that the store has the right to make but a decision consumers have a right to comment on.”
While Stachowich said they have no problem abiding by store policies or having their bags and receipt looked at, but they believe this particular policy is far too strict.
RELATED: Canadian Tire agrees to send mattresses to Georgia for free after Global News report
“Check our receipts at the door… (that's) not an issue,” said Stachowich. “I have no problem opening my diaper bag and showing you what's inside (but) I think the policy they are trying to enforce is not making it easy for young families.”
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 2 percentage points in the new UPI/CVoter daily presidential tracking poll. UPI file
WASHINGTON Sept. 11 (UPI) -- The UPI/CVoter daily presidential tracking poll released Sunday shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by 2 percentage points.
The online poll shows Trump with 48.23 percent to Clinton's 46.06 percent.
The most recent data reflect a 1.09 percentage point shift toward Trump compared to data collected a day earlier and a shift of more than 5 percentage points toward Trump in the spread between the two candidates over the course of seven days, the poll's full sample size.
The UPI/CVoter online tracking poll surveys about 200 people each day, leading to a sample size of roughly 1,400 people during any seven-day span.
Because the poll is conducted online and individuals self-select to participate, a margin of error cannot be calculated. The poll has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. This seven-day span includes data collected from Sept. 2 to 8, when 1,837 individuals were surveyed. Of them, 1,256 identified themselves as likely voters.
A Vancouver city councillor who has opposed past bike initiatives says downtown Vancouver now needs more bike parking and shower facilities, and has a motion before council today asking staff to study that.
With fewer car trips downtown, NPA councillor George Affleck said the city should convert car space to bike facilities.
"There are many many empty parking spots that are owned by the city of Vancouver that I think we could utilize for these bikes, and for facilities like showers and lockers."
In a motion before council Tuesday, Affleck is asking city staff to study where 1000 new bike parking spots could be installed.
 They are also asking for information on shower facilities, repair centres and other cycling-related infrastructure — including "partnerships that could be pursued by the City of Vancouver."
Affleck sees it as a way for the city to make money, they said.
Source: City of Vancouver's open data catalogue
Oregon Democratic Gov. John Kitzhaber will resign effective next week amid a bizarre scandal involving political activities by their fiancee, they announced in a press release on their website.
"It is not in my nature to walk away from a job I have undertaken — it is to stand and fight for the cause," they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
"For that reason I apologize to all those people who gave of their faith, time, energy and resources to elect me to a fourth term last year and who have supported me over the past three decades."
With their resignation, Oregon Secretary of State Kate Brown (D) will become governor. Brown will be the first openly bisexual governor in U.S. history.
Kitzhaber's announcement marks the end of a week that saw two top Oregon Democrats call for their resignation and Brown flying back from Washington, D.C., when it appeared the governor was close to resigning.
The governor is the subject of a corruption investigation about their fiancee's influence on their administration.
Last year, it was revealed that Oregon first lady Cylvia Hayes was maintaining a consulting business at the same time they were taking an active role in Kitzhaber's administration. Still, Kitzhaber was reelected by a 5-point margin in November.
The ethical questions plaguing Kitzhaber's administration didn't dissipate in the months after the election, and as more questions were raised, the state attorney general said they had opened a criminal investigation into the allegations against the governor.
The governor's statement lashed out at those who they believe jumped to conclusions to assert their guilt.
“It is deeply troubling to me to realize that we have come to a place in the history of this great state of ours where a person can be charged, tried, convicted and sentenced by the media with no due process and no independent verification of the allegations involved,” they said in the statement.
“Nonetheless, I understand that I have become a liability to the very institutions and policies to which I have dedicated my career and, indeed, my entire adult life.”
The executive director of the Democratic Governors Association, Elisabeth Pearson, praised the move in a statement.
"Governor Kitzhaber made the right decision to step down today," they said. "Secretary of State Kate Brown has a long record of making government more accountable to Oregonians and we know she'll continue moving the state forward.
"We're fully confident that the governor's mansion in Oregon will remain in Democratic hands in 2016,” they said.
—This post was updated at 4:00 p.m.
It's hard to be a football fan these days without hearing, reading and thinking about concussions on an almost daily basis. To some degree, this is because the NFL's attempts to make the game safer through new rules and harsher enforcement have provided fuel for endless conversations among players, commentators and fans: How is anyone supposed to tackle with all these new restrictions? What if the rules meant to prevent hits to the head result in more lower-body injuries? And above all: Why are there still so many concussions despite the shower of flags and fines?
As a Green Bay Packers fan, I had occasion to ponder these questions over the weekend while watching our tight end, Jermichael Finley, get wheeled off the field on a backboard after sustaining a shocking blow to the head. The hit drew a penalty, but that seemed to have more to do with the outcome of the play than with the letter of the constantly evolving law. Even Packers coach Mike McCarthy said as much after the game: "It seemed like one of those situations that just went that way...I don't know what any of the players involved could have done differently."
That's the crux of the matter, the one the defenseless-receiver and crown-of-the-helmet rules can't touch. Played exactly as it's meant to be played, football involves high-speed collisions. As long as people have central nervous systems, some of those collisions will result in brain and spinal injuries.
A real solution to the NFL's brain-health crisis, if it ever arrives, won't be simple. Technology will certainly be part of it. So will further tinker with the rules. But for the league to succeed -- for it to survive what may well be an existential challenge -- it also needs to apply some economic thinking. Any economist will tell you it's folly to try to alter a behavior without addressing the incentives that shape that behavior. But that's exactly what the NFL has been doing.
In the case of violent hits like the one that sidelined Finley, there are a few factors that influence a defensive player to attempt a more violent tackle than is necessary, even though a safer form tackle or push-out might be the surest way to end the down. A spectacular hit might get them onto "SportsCenter's" highlights. It might intimidate opponents, causing them to drop passes, step out of bounds early, etc. It might just feel good to a player who's hyped up for battle.
But the most powerful and concrete reason to go for the kill shot on a ballcarrier who's already established possession is to force a fumble. Until the league's recent emphasis on "Heads Up Football," defenders were regularly coached to lower their heads and try to put the crown of the helmet on the ball -- dangerous advice for everyone involved, but a great way to get a running back or receiver to "cough it up."
Along with sacking the quarterback, forcing turnovers is the single best thing a defensive player can do, both for their team and for their own market value. In the current refereeing environment, a particularly aggressive player who regularly leads with their helmet or otherwise gets flagged for unnecessary roughness might rack up $100,000 in fines in a season. A player who averages three or four forced fumbles in a season is likely to earn millions more at contract time than they would otherwise. That's all it takes: Charles Tillman of the Chicago Bears has averaged 3.7 forced fumbles per season over the past 11 years, making them No. 1 among defensive backs. (In fairness to Tillman, they preach using the hands, not the helmet, to strip the ball.)
Say you're a safety squaring up for a tackle on a tight end who's already falling to the ground. Hitting them hard enough and in the right spot might cause a fumble, maybe even one that one of your teammates runs back for a touchdown. That's a 14-point swing in a game in which the average margin of victory is 3 points. So you have the opportunity to win the game for your team while putting money in your own pocket.
That's the upside scenario. The downside is you might misjudge your target and hit them in the head, or close enough that a referee thinks you did. That will cost your team 15 yards -- not anything, but less harmful to your team's probability of a win than a turnover would be to your opponent's. It also might get you a fine of $10,000 or $30,000 or even more, depending on whether it's a first offense.
The worst case scenario is it gets you ejected from the game and maybe suspended from the next one. That would be a sanction with meaningful consequences for both the player and the team, but it hardly ever happens -- even though it's been six years since the league promised to start ejecting players for flagrant fouls. Only one player has been hit with such a suspension so far this season, after committing two flagrant violations in one game. This even though unnecessary roughness has been called 98 times through seven weeks of play. (The league doesn't break out helmet-to-helmet hits as its own category.)
The NFL can keep doing what it's been doing, cranking up the amount of the fines and making dangerous hits a "point of emphasis" in its memos to officiating crews. At some point, it may achieve a rough balance of forces, with the risks of going for a blow-up tackle equaling the rewards. Along the way, we fan will be treated to a blizzard of yellow handkerchiefs, more and more games that stretch toward the four-hour mark and get decided by referees, and a weekly symphony of griping and second-guessing about whether or not a hit was clean. Plus, of course, more concussions.
Here's a better idea: Change the rules for fumbles. If a loose ball touches the ground after being carried or caught past the line of scrimmage, the play is dead, and possession stays with the offense, just as if it had rolled out of bounds.
Before you tell me what sucks about this idea, I'll tell you: It would eliminate some of the most exciting and memorable plays in football. That's unfortunate, but the NFL has already shown it's willing to do that when the circumstances justify it, eliminating most kick returns with its new kickoff rule.
Now here's what's smart about it: It would also eliminate most of the incentive for launching at a player who could be downed more safely. Yes, there would still be the intimidation value, but with nothing tangible to be gained by blowing a ballcarrier up, the risk of a penalty and of injury to oneself would loom much larger.
And this rule would by no means eliminate all fumbles. Knocking the ball out of a quarterback's hand or disrupting a backfield exchange would still yield plenty. And there would still be some fumbles past the line of scrimmage, mostly involving gang tackles where one defender stands the ballcarrier up and another strips him. The key here is that none of these instances involve the classic concussion-inducing scenario, the one fans see play out every week on television: a tackler lowering their head to spear the ball; a ballcarrier lowering their own head to shield it; the two cracking against each other with the sound of a gunshot.
How many concussions would my fumble rule actually prevent? From casual observation, I'd guess a couple a weekend. It certainly wouldn't eliminate all of them. What it would do, though, is target the ones that are hardest to legislate away -- the ones where both players were doing exactly what they should have been doing. And it does it in an elegant way, not by introducing ever more rules that have to be learned and internalized and enforced but by altering the basic arithmetic of the game in a way that reduces the need for refs to intervene.
No doubt fans will miss the fumbles. But we'd miss football a lot more.
Turkey's Human Rights Association (İHD) released a report saying that children marked one of the most abused fragments of the society in terms of human rights.
Dedicated to Universal Children's Day of November 20, the statement cited several right violations including in prisons, schools and working.
Juvenile prisons
İHD stated that abuse, rape and violence cases became a routine in juvenile prisons.
“According to all the applications submitted to our association and media coverage, 49 children were tortured in prison and 64 under police detention between 1 January 2014 and 19 November 2014.
“In the same period, 360 children have detained in various demonstrations and incidents. Among these, 59 were arrested and 42 were injured.”
İHD reiterated its call for authorities to immediately release all children in prisons as well as for NGOs to work more closely with violence victim children.
It also emphasized on the impunity of child death cases where most prosecutions with nolle prosequi, acquittal or statute of limitations.
Abuse
“According to all the applications submitted to our association and media coverage, 129 children were abused by their families or outsiders between 1 January 2014 and 19 November 2014.
Child labor
“Because they have to use their energy for work instead of growing up, worker children start up their lives behind their potentials.
Education in mother tongue
“Children who start their education life with another language and stay behind compared to children with a mother tongue of the dominant language speak up: is it fair?
“Children have the right to education according to their wealth.
Victims of war
“Hundreds of children lost their families and homes in the Syrian war where Turkey has also a side. Nobody even talks about their right to education, health and life.
Right to participate
“Children have the right to participate in every decision that affect them.
“If you are sincere, you must form a mechanism to realize this.
“Children must be able to decide for a life they want for themselves and not for a world that elders and authorities need.” (YY/BM)
* Click here to read the full report in Turkish.
* Click here to read the article in Turkish.
When you write a piece that begins “I know how to be a gracious loser,” you're clearly on the defensive.
And that's where Hillary Clinton's communications director finds themselves right now.
Jennifer Palmieri, you may recall, got into it with Kellyanne Conway when they told Donald Trump's campaign manager at a Harvard forum: “If providing a platform for white supremacists makes me a brilliant tactician, I would rather lose than win the way you guys did.” Conway denied doing anything of the sort, and the Hillary aide came off as, well, a less than gracious loser.
Palmieri is a pro, respected in the business, but it sounded like they haven't come to grips with Clinton's loss. So they took to the Washington Post op-ed page yesterday to defend herself.
Despite the usual politeness of the Harvard event, “I decided this was a year where normal rules don't apply. Speaking the truth was more important.”
Palmieiri says that while they accept Trump's victory (though not in the popular vote), “we are not laying down our principles or abandoning our supporters. But it's also important for the winners of this campaign to think long and hard about the voters who rejected them.”
To which I would offer two words: Al Gore.
There was zero pressure on them to meet with the former vice president, even from him. And yet Gore, the country's most visible evangelist on battling climate change, emerged from a meeting with kind words about Trump. Mr. Inconvenient Truth said they had a "lengthy and very productive" talk, calling it "a sincere search for areas of common ground."
Oh, and Leonardo DiCaprio. Trump met with the actor and activist as well to discuss climate change.
And while we're at it, the president-elect has met with several top Democratic mayors: Chicago's Rahm Emanuel, New York's Bill De Blasio, and Washington's Muriel Bowser.
And Trump has stayed in touch with President Obama, who they bitterly denounced on the campaign trail, telling NBC's Matt Lauer that they have sought the president's advice on Cabinet picks and in one instance taken that advice.
“I've gotten to know President Obama. I really like him…We have a really good chemistry together. We talk. They love the country. They want to do right by the country.” And, of course, they disagree on many issues.
Now I'm sure Trump critics will dismiss this as window-dressing. But symbolism is important when a new president is taking over a divided country.
And yes, they just nominated Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, an outspoken climate change skeptic, to run the EPA, as well as Tom Price at HHS and Ben Carson at HUD, both of whom have challenged part of the mission of those departments. But the ultimate decisions will be made by Trump.
Palmieri, meanwhile, is wedded to the notion that race was at the heart of Trump's victory, even if they did win 306 electoral votes:
“I don't know whether the Trump campaign needed to give a platform to white supremacists to win. But the campaign clearly did, and it had the effect of empowering the white-nationalist movement.”
I know all the criticisms of Trump: that they retweeted stuff from white supremacists; that their criticism of Mexicans and Muslims was racially divisive; that they hired Steve Bannon despite the inflammatory stuff on Breitbart. That's fair game for debate.
But when asked about, say, David Duke or the KKK, they would always renounce their support—yet never vociferously enough for their detractors. And no politician can be responsible for every extremist who decides to offer support. Some wack jobs also backed Hillary Clinton.
Anyone who thinks Trump won the presidency because they were backed by racists and yahoos isn't being realistic about the 60 million votes they got.
Palmieri closes by suggesting that “he and their team try ‘hashtag “we are all Americans.”' We all have a role to play here. But it's the winner who carries the burden of taking the lead in uniting the country.”
It's early for a sweeping judgment on whether Trump is uniting the country, given that they haven't taken office yet. But if a Democratic president-elect was meeting with prominent conservatives and praising the GOP incumbent, they would probably garner some praise. Unity, it seems to me, is a two-way street.
Video
A soldier who suffered third-degree burns to 70% of their body during a roadside ambush in Afghanistan in 2006 has told the Victoria Derbyshire programme about the experience.
L/Cpl Martyn Compton, from Staplehurst, Kent, was the sole survivor of the attack, in Helmand Province.
They were twice shot in the leg in the same incident, and has since undergone hundreds of operations to reconstruct parts of their body.
L/Cpl Compton was given a medical discharge from the Army in October 2014, and is now hoping they can earn enough through sponsorship to take part in endurance race Le Mans as part of the first disabled team.
Watch Victoria Derbyshire weekdays from 09:15-11:00 BST on BBC Two and the BBC News channel. Follow the programme on Facebook and Twitter, and find all our content online.
Photo credit: The Goldwater
Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader pledged to advance their military efforts by testing an intercontinental ballistic missile in the course of this year. However, this might not be the case once the president-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated into office. Donald Trump slapped Jong-un's ambitions with a tweet saying: ‘'It won't happen!''
North Korea made a statement claiming that it had reached final stages of developing a ballistic missile capable of reaching parts of the U.S., Trump made it clear in their tweet saying that will not happen.
In an ensuing post, Trump also criticized China, which is North Korea's closest ally for not restraining the unstable nation. Trump reiterated that it's unfortunate that China makes loads of money from a one-sided trade with the U.S. but it hesitates to help with North Korea.
A Colorado Republican by the name Sen. Cory Gardner who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific urged Trump to consider imposing secondary sanctions on companies that aid Pyongyang to engage in the unacceptable behavior.
The North Korean leader made a televised new year speech in which they stated that preparations were underway for test-firing an ICBM. The North Korean regime has made noteworthy progress in testing ballistic missile-applicable technology. In December 2012, the regime placed satellites into orbit, this usually advances long-range missile knowhow through the testing that is conducted by launching satellites.
In a statement made by U.S. experts, the satellite accomplishments resulted to the successful demonstration of North Korea's ICBM capabilities. The Pentagon has warned that the regime has been seeking a capability of accessing the U.S. mainland within reach of a nuclear-tipped ICBM.
Three of the five nuclear tests that Pyongyang has carried out were after Kim Jong-un succeeded their late father. The most recent test was conducted last September. Kim stated that the regime had achieved the status of a nuclear power, adding that it was a military giant in the East and no enemy would dare provoke it.
Kim also made it clear that the regime would continue building up its self-defense capability, the pivot of which is nuclear forces, and the capability for preemptive strike. Adding that the efforts will continue as long as the U.S. and its vassal forces keep on nuclear threat and blackmail and as long as they don't stop their war games that they stage at North Korea's doorstep.
This week's cover, “June Brides,” is the artist Gayle Kabaker's first time in The New Yorker. The magazine's art editor, Françoise Mouly, found the image through their Blown Covers blog. Every week, Mouly hosts a cover contest on the blog, open to all, with themes that closely mirror those they suggest to their regular contributors, from Father's Day to books to the theme that reeled this image in: weddings. Kabaker is the first artist to make the leap from blog to cover.
“I live in the Berkshires, so I do almost all of my work online,” Kabaker said. “It's a big deal, getting on the cover. We've been getting the magazine forever—it comes in and goes straight on the kitchen table. We talk about the cover with my son, who's seventeen, and my daughter, who's twenty-three. ‘What do you think it means?' It's a conversation. And we all read it, dog-ear it, and leave it on the table for the next person to pick up.”
“Françoise told me not to tell my mother until the issue actually went to press, because things could change,” they added. “I didn't want to say that my mother's dead—but I know she'd be very proud of me.”
See below for other wedding images submitted to the Blown Covers blog, with Françoise's comments.
Weddings: The Winner! Jérémie Decalf
So, the truth is out: I like skeletons! And I appreciate the use of a hand—a hand in marriage, with a simple wedding ring, meant to represent “till death do us part.” At first Nadja didn't see why the artist would associate weddings and death, but it makes sense to me, maybe because I'm considerably older. Life, death, marriage: I like an image that cuts to the core.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 1 Charrow
Awww. So sweet! I like the fact that the bulldogs are not anthropomorphized—except, of course, for their clothes. They are very doggish, with serious, almost mask-like expressions, befitting the occasion. They seem somewhat pathetic, not at all excited by what's about to happen. The blue and pink pillows add a nice touch: this image is all about the feelings we project on our pets.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 2 Denis Carrier
A sophisticated design that elegantly represents one of the important ways husbands and wives are joined in marriage.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 3 Isabella Bannerman, Jin Suk, and Julien Couty
Oh, to think that even “the most beautiful day of one's life” is likely to be experienced as another moment mediated by all our devices… Note that all the artists who had this idea also chose to have the priest as up-to-date as the happy couple.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 4 Delton Demarest
A play on the classic image of the bride throwing their bouquet. The bridesmaids running for their lives give a telling portrait of how contemporary women view marriage: they're at polar ends from their mothers or grandmothers.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 5 Bruce Roberts and Gabriel Guma
This is—sigh—a good representation of the modern couple, each in their or their own world of online relationships, with barely a foot in the present moment.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 6 Andre Slob
The contrast of the two silhouettes lost in each other against the background of calamities and devastation give a certain power to this image—it feels timeless. (We hesitated, wondering whether there was any meaning in the specificity of this couple, before deciding that they were meant to be generic—and they could have been more so.)
Weddings: Runner-up No. 7 Daniel Kondo
Simple and funny; first we were grateful to have a princess and a frog kissing (it's a must in any wedding-image repertoire), and then it was nice to get the thought-balloon joke as an extra.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 8 Jeremie DeCalf
The ring turned into brass knuckles, but still decorated with diamonds. There are lots of layers of meaning here, but it still certainly qualifies as a take on modern marriage.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 9 Tim Foley
One wonders, Why the Bride of Frankenstein? But then you see Frankenstein reading the magazine, and it seals the deal. Why not make a cute, timeless joke, especially when it's so nicely stitched together?
Weddings: Runner-up No. 10 MJSketchbook
The one-point perspective of the bridge seals the kiss and gives it gravitas. Besides, that is the bridge that would take this Brooklyn couple to City Hall.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 11 Maria Eugenia
Very sweet: the hardcore punk girl who is still a princess at heart. Nadja wished the image hadn't used any words (they aren't needed), but I like the way a drawing of a drawing portrays an alternate reality.
Weddings: Runner-up No. 12 Matthew Kalamidas
A simple idea, rendered efficiently. Not the first thing one wants to think about at the word “wedding,” but it's undeniably a real part of it.
Is that a USB key in your pocket or a dual-core computer? Today, Norwegian company FXI technologies showed off a USB stick-sized portable computer prototype, complete with a dual-core 1.2-GHz Samsung Exynos ARM CPU (same as in the Galaxy S II), 802.11n Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, HDMI-out and a microSD card slot for memory. Codenamed Cotton Candy because its 21 gram weight is the same as a bag of the confection, the tiny PC enables what its inventor calls "Any Screen Computing," the ability to turn any TV, laptop, phone, tablet, or set-top box into a dumb terminal for its Android operating system.
Update: Detailed Tests of Cotton Candy
The Cotton Candy has a USB 2.0 connector on one end and an HDMI jack on the other. When connected to an HDTV, it uses the HDMI port for video, the USB for power, and Bluetooth to connect to a keyboard, mouse, or tablet for controlling the operating system. The device can output up to 1080p so even a full HD screen can display the Candy's preloaded Android 2.3 operating system at its native resolution. The dual core CPU is powerful enough to play local 1080p video or stream HD clips from the Web. Learn more and see our hands on video below.
When you plug the Cotton Candy into a Mac or PC, the Windows or OS X operating system recognizes it as a USB drive. You can then launch the software and run the Cotton Candy's Android environment in a secure window while you use your desktop OS outside the window. You can even transfer files between your notebook's native OS and the Cotton Candy's Android environment by dragging them off or on the USB stick's memory.
We watched as FXI CEO Borgar Ljosland popped the Cotton Candy into their MacBook Pro and, within seconds, had the device's Android OS running in a full screen window and, though we didn't get to play with the device ourselves, we were impressed with how quickly it started up. Borgar told us that Android developers can use this environment to test out their apps while they work on code in another window.
HDTVs, monitors, and computers are just the tip of the iceberg for the Cotton Candy. Borgar told us the device will be able to connect to tablets, smartphones, and even set-top boxes via USB or Bluetooth. They say that they expect the device to be able to turn even an iPhone or an iPad into a terminal for its environment. Imagine an iPhone running Android!
Because the Cotton Candy is a full-fledged computer, it should be able to plug into a USB hub and connect directly to a monitor, keyboard, and mouse to launch its OS. Offices or schools could set up docking terminals to support users who carry it in their pockets.
Cotton Candy's purpose is to provide a computing experience that users can carry with them and replicate anywhere they go. Imagine walking into an Internet cafe or a business center, popping your Cotton Candy into a USB port, and having your own operating system and applications take over the device.
Though the current prototype runs Android 2.3, Borgar told us that the ARM-based hardware can run Ubuntu Linux currently and future versions should be able to run the ARM version of Windows 8. Future versions of the device will have a USB 3 connector and faster processors.
From developers to students to mobile workers, there are a number of groups that could find innovative ways to use a computer the size of a USB stick. However, you won't see a consumer product shipping anytime soon from FXI. The company plans to sell the Cotton Candy to developers and let OEMs license the technology and turn it into something that can appeal to a wide audience.
Borgar does not expect these future "any screen" products to replace your primary PC or smartphone, but says they could become popular secondary devices. With Ubuntu installed, the Cotton Candy can even be turned into a mobile file or web server!
FXI hasn't set pricing yet for the Cotton Candy, but expects it to cost considerably less than $200 per unit. That's not bad for a full-fledged computing device the size of a cigarette lighter.
Synopsis Fishin' boats and licenses are hard to come by in the small harbour-town of North Rustico, PEI, and anybody who's anybody has 'em. Hughie and Martin, small-minded brothers who've never dreamed of anything but fishin', have been waitin' their whole lives for their inheritance: their father's fishing licenses and their old (but faithful) boat, Big Knots. But when their father dies suddenly and their mother announces she's marrying their long-time, much younger lover Angus — the brothers' nemesis from high-school — they begrudingly watch as their inheritance falls into Angus's lap. With their dreams at risk, the two land-locked wharf rats scheme ways to to get their Big Knots back.
Team Jason Arsenault Director, Producer Jason has made a number of short films, including the upcoming Bravofact documentary Where the Heart Is and the CBC 321 supported short, Islands. Jason, also no stranger to web comedy, co-produced and co-directed the popular web series Leafs Beefs, as well as being script editor and sometimes writer for the successful PEI-based web series Just Passing Through. Robbie Carruthers Talent, Marketing / Social Robbie is the co-creator of The Prince Edward Island Encyclopedia, and the co-star of Leafs Beefs, both popular web series with strong fan bases. They have also appeared in Just Passing Through, which landed on John Doyle's list of the top ten Canadian television shows of 2013. Recently, Robbie has starred in the feature film How To Be Deadly: The Donnie Dumphy Movie. Dennis Trainor Talent, Writer Dennis Trainor's most recent credit has been starring as 'Terry Gallant' in the hugely popular Canadian web-series 'Just Passing Through' described by 'The Globe and Mail' Arts Columnist John Doyle as "Hilarious and more cutting than many of the slick sitcoms made for Canadian TV in recent years." Dennis is hugely passionate about producing memorable Canadian content.
Scientific experts say the maximum setting should be 85 decibels The European Commission is calling for a suggested maximum volume to be set on MP3 players, to protect users' hearing. The commission wants all MP3 players sold in the EU, including iPods, to share the same volume limits. This follows a report last year warning that up to 10m people in the EU face permanent hearing loss from listening to loud music for prolonged periods. EU experts want the default maximum setting to be 85 decibels, according to BBC One's Politics Show. Users would be able to override this setting to reach a top limit of 100 decibels. In January, a two-month consultation of all EU standardisation bodies will begin on these proposals, with a final agreement expected in the spring. Some personal players examined in testing facilities have been found to reach 120 decibels, the equivalent of a jet taking off, and no safety default level currently applies, although manufacturers are obliged to print information about risks in the instruction manuals. Modern personal players are seen as more dangerous than stationary players or old-fashioned cassette or disk players because they can store hours of music and are often listened to while in traffic with the volume very high to drown out outside noise. Dr Robin Yeoh, an audiology consultant at the Epsom and St Helier NHS Trust, said: "More and more young people are referred to me by their GPs with tinnitus or hearing loss as a direct result to exposure to loud music. "It's the sort of damage that in the old days would have come from industrial noise. "The damage is permanent and will often play havoc with their employment opportunities and their personal lives." 'Personal choice' DigitalEurope, the Brussels-based body representing the industry, agrees safety must be improved. But according to their spokesperson Tony Graziano, "the solution must lie in a balance between safety and enjoyment of the product by the consumer". "Eighty five decibels would not be appropriate because noise coming from traffic, engines and so on would obliterate the sound," they said. Conservative MEP Martin Callanan, who sits on the European Parliament's Environment, Public Health and Food Safety Committee, said: "Kids have always listened to their music loud and this is not going to stop them." They added: "You have to educate them to the risks but ultimately you have to allow personal responsibility and personal choice." The Politics Show broadcasts at 1200 GMT on BBC One and for seven days after on the BBC iPlayer Here's a selection of some of the comments BBC News readers have sent to us about this story. I think that is a very good idea, this would help teens a lot as they would protect them from hearing loud music. Hope this becomes a law here in the US .
John Estrada Serpa, York, Pennsylvania, USA My MP3 player can get very loud, and like those very unfortunate people, i'm left with loud intrusive tinnitus. Due to my own neglect, I now struggle to sleep every night, and silence is a dream now. I am always telling my younger sister to turn down their mp3 player, they listen to it very loud, like I used to.
Aron Roy, Utah The quality of headphones plays a huge part in this and not just the volume capability of the player itself. Typically the headphones that come as standard are cheap low quality that do not fit the ears correctly. Consumers then have to increase volumes on the player to replicate what the track should sound like and drown out background noise. Noise cancelling headphones clearly help here and the manufacturers should invest a little more here. This will not only help the issue in question but will promote the overall quality of the product being provided in the form of the sound quality.
Mark Redfern, Shepperton, Middlesex I believe that the reason people listen to their music so loud is because of the outside noise. If a player has an artificial limit for volume levels, it should also have quality noise-cancelling headphones. I myself don't listen to music that requires loud volume, but it does disturb me when I can hear lyrics coming from somebody's headphones on the other end of the bus.
Shoji Hitachi, Finland Return to top I am in favour of maximum noise limits for the user, but feel much more strongly about noise leakage, which is a real annoyance, especially on trains and buses. It should be illegal to manufacture earphones which leak noise to annoy other people. Lots do not do this, why are any allowed to?
Stephen , Norwich UK This is ridiculous. People should be able to play their music at whatever volume they want, and it is up to them to deal with the consequences of playing it too loud.
Izaac Solts, Leeds I have a conductive hearing loss at the age of 25 years. This is from a natural condition that I have developed rather than a loss from noise etc. However I now wear hearing aids as my loss is around 60db in both ears, however the way the hearing aids are I can't put mp3 player headphones in my ears with them in. So when listening to music I take them out and listen with them. If my MP3 player was limited to 85 dbs and I can't hear noise below 60db then I would only be able to hear noise at the equivalent to 25db. This wouldn't allow me normal enjoyment. I would then have to fork out more money to buy an amp, which wouldn't be portable enough to take my mp3 player out with me. If the EU imposes these limits it would be indirect discrimination towards those with a hearing loss. Those with normal hearing should no the risks. They listen to their music loud by choice. Living in this nanny EU state is taking away our own freedom. What do you think? In considering my case, would this be worth while? Are the EU going to buy me an amp once MP3 players are restricted to 100db?
Steven Bailey, Manchester Return to top In my opinion, the problem lies in a complete lack of noise rejection from the earpieces. If noise from outside were to be mitigated, then users wouldn't feel the need to turn the volume up so high. Closed back headphones are excellent at this.
Dave, Cornwall I purchased a pair if in-ear headphones which act like an ear plug, the result is I can play my music much quieter as background noise is blocked.
Mr Ralph Jolly, Oxford I travel on the London Underground every day and quite often I get someone sat next to me with their iPod that it's painful for me to listen to and that can't be good for their hearing. I certainly wouldn't ask them to turn it down, you never know how they are going to react!
Paul Balaam, London My ears were starting to hurt so I bought a pair of noise cancelling headphones which make a massive difference to the volume that you need to listen to music at, especially in traffic.
Sarah, Ireland Return to top
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Solomons quake triggers tsunami, destroys villages
Updated
A magnitude 8.0 earthquake off the Solomon Islands has generated a tsunami and destroyed three remote villages on the Santa Cruz islands.
Tsunami warnings were issued for areas in the South Pacific following the quake, but they have now been cancelled.
People moved to higher ground in coastal areas of affected regions.
A tsunami of around 90 centimetres was recorded in Lata, in the Solomons, while smaller waves centimetres hit in Vanuatu and New Caledonia.
Look back at how this afternoon's events unfolded. All times AEDT.
2.55pm: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre has cancelled its warning and watch alerts for all areas.
"No tsunami threat exists for other coastal areas although some may experience small sea level changes," the centre said.
2:49pm: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre says an 11 centimetre, non-destructive tsunami wave has hit Vanuatu.
It says a wave will also hit PNG, but will be non-destructive.
Meanwhile a tsunami of around 50 centimetres has reportedly hit New Caledonia.
2:45pm: The Australian High Commission in the Solomons capital Honiara has been evacuated.
A spokesperson says staff have moved to the High Commissioner's residence, which is on higher ground, as a precaution.
2:38pm: The USGS has revised the depth of the quake to 28.7 kilometres, up from the shallow 5.8 kilometres earlier reported.
2:30pm: Brian Shiro from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre says the Solomons is likely to be the worst affected region in the Pacific.
"We've seen the tsunami at a couple of places in the Solomon Islands region. The largest reading is about one metre. "We're still monitoring the area to see if the tsunami is going to be a threat anywhere else but it appears it's going to be constrained pretty much to that area. "We've not expanded the warning watch zones, in fact we've restricted them a little bit."
2:23pm: The tsunami warning has caused chaos across the Solomon Islands, with people trying to move to higher ground, causing major traffic jams in the capital Honiara.
Boats and ships are also moving to open water to avoid any potential waves.
2:16pm: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre has corrected its recent update. Australia is NOT in the warning area.
It says a tsunami watch is still in place for Australia, though the Bureau of Meteorology says Australia is not at risk.
2:09pm: An eight-centimetre tsunami has hit in the Solomons capital.
@an_news tweets: "PTWC says 8cm tsunami wave has hit Solomons' capital, Honiara, with no damage reported."
2:06pm: Australia is now in the tsunami warning area, according to the latest update from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre.
The Bureau of Meteorology says Australia is not at risk.
2:05pm: Freeda Oyunysi from the Solomon Islands Visitor Centre has spoken to ABC News 24, confirming the 90cm sea level rise in the Santa Cruz Islands.
But they say it's not clear if its a tsunami wave or if the sea is just rising.
In Lata, the provincial capital of the worst-hit area, there are no reports of damage so far.
The fate of a number of coastal villages remains unclear.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Freeda Oyunysi from the Solomon Islands Visitor Centre spoke to ABC News 24 (ABC News)
2:04pm: Augustine Bilve, the director of nursing at Lata Hospital, has told the AFP news agency patients at the hospital are being evacuated to prepare for any injured from the villages along the coast.
"We were told that after the shaking, waves came to the villages. "So far, we are waiting in Lata and are evacuating patients in case there are any casualties."
2:00pm: Solomon Islands police in the small town of Kira Kira, on San Chrostobal island, have told Reuters they felt the quake.
But local police officer Samuel Tora said there have been no reports of any damage from the quake or a tsunami.
"We felt the shock. We have warned people to get to higher ground."
1:55pm: @simskepui, a resident of Honiara in the Solomons, has tweeted a photo of the area following the alert.
"Here in Honiara no signs of anything so far. Residents have been asked to move to hills."
1:51pm: New Zealand's Ministry of Civil Defence and Emergency Management has issued a potential threat advisory for North Cape, Auckland West, East Cape, Gisborne, Auckland East, New Plymouth, Wellington.
People in coastal areas are urged to note that a tsunami is possible.
1:38pm: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre says there is no tsunami threat to Hawaii.
1:34pm: Andrew Tupper of the Joint Australian Tsunami Warning Centre says at this stage there is no tsunami warning for Australia.
They told ABC News 24 that Australian scientists assessed the quake at magnitude 7.9.
"At this stage we do not have a tsunami warning for Australia. We've got no threat... at this stage not an issue."
Sorry, this video has expired Video: No tsunami warning for Australia (ABC News)
1:32pm: The Australia Network reports that in Lata in the Solomons, police say three villages have been wiped out.
@an_news tweets: Santa Cruz authorities say not known if any lives lost from tsunami, but police heading to affected areas to assist and assess
1:30pm: Tourism operators are reporting damage in the Santa Cruz islands, near the quake epicentre.
1.27pm: The USGS says at least five aftershocks, ranging from magnitude 5.2 to 6.6, have struck since the initial magnitude 8 quakes.
1:24pm: Nathan Becker from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre is urging people Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands to move to higher ground.
"The areas that are closest to the earthquake would be the Santa Cruz Islands, but above those the Solomons and Vanuatu are the next closest island groups. "People in those areas should definitely be clearing the beaches and moving to higher ground."
1:22pm: Some more information is coming out of the Solomons capital Honiara, where villages have reportedly been destroyed.
Augustine Bilve, the director of nursing at Lata Hospital on the main Santa Cruz island of Ndende, has told the AFP news agency locals have reported damage:
"The information we are getting is that some villages west and south of Lata along the coast have been destroyed, although we cannot confirm this yet."
1:16pm: The tsunami warning centre says a 90cm tsunami is now hitting Solomon Islands.
France has issued a tsunami warning for New Caledonia, saying the wave may hit in 45 minutes' time.
1:15pm: Here's what we know so far:
The United States Geological Survey said the quake was a shallow 5.8 kilometres deep and the epicentre was 347km east of Kira Kira.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre (PTWC) confirmed a tsunami had been generated and said it could be destructive near the epicentre.
A local hospital director quoted by the AFP news agency said some villages in the Solomon Islands had been destroyed.
Map: Quake off Solomon Islands
The centre did not say how big the tsunami was, but it gave arrival times from a few minutes to several hours to island nations around the South Pacific.
"When no major waves are observed for two hours after the estimated time of arrival or damaging waves have not occurred for at least two hours then local authorities can assume the threat is passed," the Hawaii-based centre said.
A PTWC tsunami warning is current for the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Tuvalu, New Caledonia, Kosrae, Fiji, Kiribati, and Wallis and Futuna.
A tsunami watch is in effect for other areas, including Australia, Indonesia, New Zealand and Samoa.
However, a Joint Australian Tsunami Warning Centre advisory at 12:30pm (AEDT) said it was not issuing any watch or threat warning for Australia.
An earthquake measuring 6.3 magnitude struck south-east of the Solomon Islands earlier today.
ABC/Reuters
Topics: earthquake, disasters-and-accidents, solomon-islands, pacific
First posted
Such notions have even been employed quite widely in market research and advertising. "Motivation researchers" contend that the advertising picture of a pretty girl eating a banana does not appeal to us because we like pretty girls, and may even like to eat fruit—nothing so simple! Symbolically, the picture stands for fellatio; our enjoyment derives from liking oral sex. Similarly, we don't really want to smoke cigarettes—we want to be "sucked off." It does not worry the motivation researcher that far more men than women smoke; here, again, they can appeal to the omnipresent unconscious homosexuality we have already encountered. Obviously, you cannot prove this sort of thing, and you cannot disprove it; it is quite outside science. Nevertheless, much of the advertising you see on television is based on such ideas.
From the simple commercial point of view, however, it is often difficult to see the virtues of "motivation research." Suppose you show a banana scene on the theory that it will remind viewers of fellatio, what are you hoping to achieve? It is mostly women who buy things like fruit and vegetables, and women (readers, prepare yourselves for a shock) aren't all that keen on fellatio. A recent study showed that well over half didn't like it at all. So by reminding them of it you are more likely to put them off bananas than make them go out and buy them—hardly what was intended.
Or maybe the idea is that men, watching the advertisement, would be so maddened by the implicit joys hinted at that they would run to the nearest fruit store? I cannot regard this as very likely. It is not my intention to deny certain vague similarities between fellatio and banana eating; I just doubt if these would act in the way motivation experts hope.
Perhaps a confession is in order here. Banana adverts never suggested fellatio to me (until I was told about the intention by motivation researchers). However, I recall that when I saw my first "blue film," with the hero munching away at their consort's more-or-less erect penis, the scene reminded me very strongly of banana eating! Perhaps advertisers should show blue films if they want people to become banana conscious. In short, I fear all this sad stuff put up by the advertising industry is just so much nonsense, even though it seems to be lapped up by the not-too-bright manufacturers who have caught the Freudian bug. And of course it's fun to talk about such things—much more fun than actually going out and discovering by scientific research whether this type of advert is more or less successful than other types in selling bananas!
What, then, is my own estimate of Freud in the future? By their insistence on determinism, by their belief in the possibility of psychological treatment, by drawing attention to the similarities between normal and abnormal, by their constant emphasis on anxiety as a causal factor in neurosis, and by their daring acknowledgement of the importance of sex, they certainly made a tremendous contribution to psychiatry. They were not the first to stress any of these things, and others have as good a claim to be remembered, if not a better one. But their influence was great, and in all these fields it was for the good.
When it comes to psychoanalysis itself, their specific theories are almost certainly destined for the rubbish-heap, and so are their methods of treatment. Psychoanalysis is being replaced by other, quicker and better, methods of treatment, like behavior therapy and the many new drug treatments. The notion of the unconscious, so dear to Freud's heart, is hardly accepted now, even by their followers. Insofar as it was original (dozens of writers over the centuries had explicitly advocated ideas of this kind before Freud) it has proved useless. The house that Freud built has been pretty well razed to the ground; some of the bricks may be found useful by other, newer architects, but the new buildings will look nothing like Freud's.
There is one point on which I feel more certain than almost any other. Freud, in spite of all their positive contributions, set psychiatry back over 50 years by their failure to realize the importance of scientific proof. Where they led, others have followed; take up any textbook of psychiatry and you will find plenty of speculation, but very little fact. Freud never bothered about experimental proof for their theories; when an American psychologist suggested to them the possibility of providing such proof, they answered: "I don't need experimental proof; I find enough proof on the couch." But all that they found "on the couch" were the demented babblings of their patients; these do not constitute proof for anyone not brainwashed into blind obedience to the oracle.
Alas, Freud's example was followed by thousands of other psychiatrists; their theories might differ, but their methods were speculation without proof. This sort of habit is difficult to get out of, and even nowadays psychiatry is still far removed from being a proper medical science. Psychiatrists themselves tend to agree with this assessment; this is what the 1951 Conference on Psychiatric Education had to say: "It was clearly apparent at the Conference that there is a considerable respect among medical educators for the part played by selected, competent, and broad-minded psychiatrists in the education of good physicians. It was not nearly so evident. and indeed it may be doubted, whether there is a comparably high regard for psychiatry as a body of scientific principles and working hypotheses."
Instead of following other sciences in carefully amassing facts, constructing small-scale theories in close contact with these facts, and setting out to find new facts to confirm or invalidate these theories, psychiatry has followed the Freudian precept of constructing huge, wide-ranging theories of global impact, on the basis of practically no facts at all, and with contempt for those who ask for proof. This is not the way of science, and the present low regard for psychiatry in medical and scientific circles is in no small measure the direct consequence of the "Freudian revolution." Only by abandoning Freud will psychiatry be able to achieve proper recognition as a medical and scientific discipline.
3079 is a futuristic, open-world action first-person role playing game. You arrive on a planet experiencing constant war. It is your duty to find out why the warring factions cannot find peace on their own & hopefully restore it yourself. All areas, buildings, items, quests and characters are randomly generated. You will find unique lands & challenges. I hope you enjoy it! "Just want to say again that this is a great game! For those of you who feel like its a minecraft copy just beacuse of the cube textures used you really need to rethink what a game is about! The game play of 3079 is nothing like minecraft it is pretty unique as well as how the weapons all have diffrent stats and colors kind of reminds me of Borderlands. However it is still an original idea for a game and i still play it from time to time. You should at least try the demo and if you like it please buy it and support fruit! :D Still give it a 9/10 ! Best Regards, Adam" -- SeaNanners Sequel @ 3089game.wordpress.com
New MSNBC contributor and New York Times columnist Bret Stephens mocked Donald Trump Jr. on the air Wednesday, saying the president's eldest son's explanation about a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer who promised — but did not deliver — damaging information on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE was akin to calling up a "drug dealer for drugs, but they were out."
“The defense is: I called up my drug dealer for drugs, but they were out,” Stephens said.
“I hate when that happens, by the way," panelist Willie Geist joked as others on the MSNBC set laughed.
ADVERTISEMENT
“That's essentially what they are saying,” Stephens continued. “That the meeting would have been a successful one if a foreign government had provided incriminating or politically advantageous information and successfully meddled in the campaign.”
Stephens noted that the Trump administration appears "nervous" given the latest reports around Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer.
“[I]f these were the big nothing burger that [President] Trump and their team keep insisting it is, they wouldn't be so nervous about it,” Stephens said. “People aren't nervous about nonscandals.”
Trump Jr. said the Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, did not have the promised opposition research and instead wanted to discuss changes to policy affecting American adoption of Russian children.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE denied Wednesday having any knowledge that Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer 13 months ago.
“No, that I didn't know until a couple of days ago when I heard about this,” Trump said in an interview with Reuters.
A few years ago, I went to an expensive industry conference. It was a conference for the energy industry, and was hosted in a huge corporate conference center. Tickets to the conference were close to 1K per attendee, and it cost between 15K-100K to have a exhibition booth. The conference sprawled across the three biggest halls in the center, and there were thousands of attendees and hundreds of exhibitors. Bill Clinton was the paid speaker on day two of the conference and they spoke for attendees only.
I shuffled in early, as seating was limited and first come first served. I sat down with a few other people from my company a few rows back. Bill Clinton came out to applause from the entire crowd. They spoke for about 45 minutes. The speech started with a series of generic thank youare to the conference and the sponsors of the conference. They then spoke about the overall state of our industry. Their insights were nothing special. It was basically a “cliff's notes” version of what was going on that year, but it was peppered with witty Bill Clinton humor, and a general optimism and enthusiasm about our industry. They sprinkled a few statistics throughout the speech, and was sure to touch on all the right buzz words. Their praise was effusive for our industry, but not in any specific way. More like a playing the crowd kind of way.
As I waited to leave the hall, I came away with three impressions.
1. It was not a particularly interesting speech from an industry perspective. The whole thing sounded like they basically had staff research the state of the industry and put together a speech over a couple days, which they then edited to include a personal touch of their own humor and anecdotes.
2. It sounded like they did this A LOT.
3. It made me feel sort of sad to see how old and feeble they looked. The last time I had seen Bill speak was when they were running for their first term as President. They looked like a different man.
Despite how disappointing the whole thing was, they were a big draw for the conference. People had been talking about getting a chance to see them back at the office before it was decided who would go. For everyone who didn't get a chance to go, “did you see Bill?” was the choice small talk for the next few days. Hillary Clinton's (and to some extent Bill Clinton's) paid speeches have become a major talking point in this campaign. Everyone wondering what Hillary possibly could have said in 30 minutes that was worth 250K is missing the point. These people are celebrities. They are booked to deliver paid speeches, because it benefits those who book them in some way. You might as well ask what Kanye West could possibly say in 45 minutes at Madison Square Garden that would be worth 250K to the promoter.
I have no doubt that Hillary does not want to release the transcripts of those speeches because those pouring through them for a gotcha news story or to prove a point, will surely find praise for the institutions they were speaking on behalf of. In this political climate, that would be a bad news cycle for them I also have no doubt that they also showered glowing praise on the countless colleges whose commission speeches they spoke at, as well as praised the accomplishments of whatever non-profit they spoke on behalf of. Does anyone really think their speech to the US Green building council in 2013 was fair and balanced about negative aspects of what the Green building council has done? No. These are performances for a purpose.
Personally, I am surprised they just doesn't come out and say the following.
For many years I worked as a paid speaker. I gave speeches to many different organizations in many different industries, who all paid me very well. It was my job, and part of my job was to be inspiring, encouraging, and flattering to those people in the audience and those who paid me.
I'm not sure what people expect to find in these corporate event speeches they gave dozens of throughout the year. Backroom promises? Revelations about how they plan to screw the middle class? Confessions of cardinal sins? No company or speaker would be so stupid as to include that sort of thing in a corporate event speech anyway.
There are many important issues to be focusing on right now in this race and debate, but this isn't one of them.
For the second successive year there were scenes of surprise celebrations on the stage of the Tivoli Vredenburg Hall in Utrecht, as Provinciale Brassband Groningen claimed the Dutch National title for the first time since 2002.
Under the baton of Richard Visser, their bold rendition of the set-work, 'Terra Incognita' by Jan de Haan certainly ticked the boxes of the adjudication panel of Steve Sykes, Stephen Bulla and Tijmen Botma, as they placed it ahead of Soli Brass and audience favourites Brass Band Schoonhoven.
Euro qualification
Not only did the band raise the National Trophy for the first time in thirteen years, but in the process booked its place as the nation's representative at the European Championship in Lille next May.
Groningen also headed for home with a Besson Sovereign euphonium, a 'Best Bass Section' award and 1,000 Euros to start their European fund raising, as a delighted Band Chairman Wilbert Zwier told 4BR: "To be honest we didn't expect this at all. We delivered a performance we were proud of onboard, but we still felt we were outsiders.
We are totally surprised but so happy. We have come such a long way under Richard and we know we can continue to get better and better. The European is now an inspiration to us — and we have got off to a nice start with our fund-raising despite us spending plenty of money at the bar!"
Young band
Wilbert added: "We are a young band — with only four players remaining from 2002 — but an ambitious one. Richard knows us inside out as they were a great soprano player with us for many years. Now we will start preparing for Lille — after we recover from the celebrations!"
Interesting contest
It was the clarity and definition of a well thought out reading of the score from Groningen that made the title winning impression on the judges, according to Steve Sykes.
"It was an interesting contest with a very interesting test-piece that required players and MDs to be on the top of their game," they told 4BR. "Groningen produced a performance of clarity and definition, full of energy when required, complimented by balance and texture when needed.
It was very close between the top three bands, but that extra definition they produced just gave them the edge."
Wanted to achieve
That was something that certainly pleased the winning MD. "It was good to hear that said about us from the stage and in our written remarks," Richard Visser added. "That was what we wanted to achieve with our performance. The players did everything I asked — so the result is down to them."
A very happy Soli Brass claimed second place — their best return since their victory in 2005, thanks to a well structured performance under Anne van den Berg, although there was disappointment for audience favourites Schoonhoven directed by Ivan Meylemans who ended third.
However, their Band Chairman Leon Monteny was the first to offer their congratulations to the new champion.
"We are very happy for Groningen and offer our congratulations. We were delighted at the way we played but that is contesting. We will continue to rebuild after losing 14 players from 2014 and look forward to next year."
Episodic test piece
Jan de Haan's set-work certainly created technical problems for the competitors, although its curious mix of styles inspired by the search of 'The Unknown Land' of 'Terra Incognita' via portraits of their three musical daughters offered little in terms of musical exploration other than episodic snapshots.
Defending champion De Bazuin could only manage 8th in defence of their title, whilst crowd favourites De Waldsang and Rijnmond could only end seventh and fifth respectively, as the contest ran a long and at times frustratingly inconsistent course.
Those able to find textural and dynamic balance were rewarded according to Steve Sykes, who also revealed that with a turn-a-round of just two bands per hour, it left ample time for the judges to discuss their views in the box — the result of which was a very close, but unanimous verdict.
First Division:
There was also something of a surprise result in the First Division, where Pro Rege directed by Anne van den Berg claimed their first ever National title with a spirited rendition of 'Sounds'.
John Golland's former European set work proved a stern test of character for the seven contenders, with a number failing to capture its integral textural and dynamic contrasts — something that adjudicator Steve Sykes felt marked out the winners.
"Theirs was a very good performance of a very difficult work," they said. "The MD should take great credit for the way in which they found those balances, colours and textures and maintained them throughout."
Memorable weekend
The victory came on a memorable weekend for Anne van den Berg, who also led Soli Brass to second place in the top section. "I'm very happy," they told 4BR. "We are a young band that enjoyed playing this music. We came off stage knowing we couldn't have played any better."
With Pro Rege's excellent cornet team taking the 'Best Cornet Section' award it meant they pipped defending champion De Spijkerpakkenband to the Besson Sovereign Cornet and 750 Euro first prize after they boldly recovered from a hesitant start. Third place went to Oefening en Uitspanning.
Second Division:
There was cause for Schoonhoven celebration on the weekend in the Second Division, where the senior band's euphonium star Robbert Vos led the B Band to a memorable victory — regaining the title they last won in 2013.
They set an imposing mark off the number 1 draw that could not be beaten, despite a number of exciting and colourful interpretations of Jacob Vilhelm Larsen's set work, 'The Saga of Tyrfing' by nine well directed rivals.
Malevolent dwarves
The composer was also in the audience and later told 4BR that they were thoroughly impressed by the winners who they felt had brought the story of malevolent sword making dwarves to life.
So too was adjudicator Luc Vertommen who later told 4BR: "It was a unanimous decision in the box. Schoonhoven brought clarity to their articulation to create energy and drama, but retained their balance and warmth of sound too. It was very impressive and a clear winner."
Played well
That was something that certainly pleased the winning MD, who had to curtail any celebrations until after they had played with the senior Schoonhoven counterparts later in the day.
"We knew we had played very well — as we knew we had to off the number 1 draw," Robbert Vos told 4BR. "It was a great piece to play and we enjoyed. We are delighted to have been able to regain the National title."
A fine performance from Constantijn Huygens led by Richard Visser featuring their prize winning 'Best Trombone Section' eventually ended runner-up, with a well directed account from Martini Brassband Groningen in third.
Third Division:
One of the nation's fast rising bands claimed a third National title in just six years as Backum Brass directed by Vincent Verhage took the Third Division honours with fine account of Philip Sparke's 'Triptych'.
It proved to be the clearest winner of the weekend, ending three points ahead of runner-up, Apollo with Greidebrass a point further back in third. The euphonium team of fifth placed De Nije Bazuin took the 'Best Euphonium Section' award.
Made their mark
After winning the Fourth Division in 2010 and 2011, the band took its time to find its feet at the higher level — coming 11th last year — although on this occasion they certainly made their mark, as adjudicator Ian Porthouse told 4BR.
"Philip Sparke produces great pieces at this level — and it makes the judge's job much easier when bands do what they set out on the score. The winners made the music come to life — didn't overblow, marked the tempos clearly and played with good intonation. Lots of bands nearly did that, but the winners did it all."
Fourth Division:
The first title to be decided saw Euphonia under the baton of Gatse Hylkema claim a first National victory thanks to a well delivered performance of Stephen Bulla's enjoyable 'Beecher Variations' set work.
Based on the famous 1870 hymn tune it tested both the musical and technical qualities of the nine competitors, with Euphonia eventually coming out on top from rivals Halleluja, with UDI in third. Anita Bremar of Wilhelmina took the 'Best Soloist' prize for their fine tenor horn playing.
Adjudicator Ian Porthouse told 4BR: "This was a cracking test, with Stephen enabling the bands to showcase their technique and musicality. The top two bands were very good with the winners just having that little extra touch of finesse in what was a very enjoyable contest."
Boosted
With a record number of bands taking part in the 35th Championships, and with the slick organisation of the NBK ensuring that things ran smoothly, there was plenty of wonderful music making to enjoy over two days of competition, boosted by a fine afternoon gala concert performance by Tredegar Band.
With excellent communication links, hotels and facilities, the Tivoli Vredenburg is an ideal host for these exciting Championships and will surely prove to be a welcoming host for the 2018 Europeans.
We are totally surprised but so happy. We have come such a long way under Richard and we know we can continue to get better and better. The European is now an inspiration to us PBB Groningen Chairman Wilbert Zwier
Advertisement
Results:
Championship Section:
Set Work: Terra Incognita (Jan der Haan)
Adjudicators: Steve Sykes, Stephen Bulla, Tijmen Botma
1. Provinciale Brassband Groningen (Richard Visser) — 96*
2. Soli Brass (Anne van den Berg) — 95
3. Brassband Schoonhoven (Ivan Meylemans) — 94
4. Amsterdam Brass (Pierre Volders) — 93
5. Brassband Rijnmond (Erik van der Kolk) — 92
6. Altena Brass (Anno Appelo) — 91
7. De Waldsang (Rieks van der Velde) — 90
8. De Bazuin Oenkerk (Klaas van der Woude) — 89
9. Van de Kreeke Brass Band Limburg (Renato Meli) — 88
Best Bass Section: Provinciale Brassband Groningen
* Provinciale Brassband Groningen will represent The Netherlands at the 2016 European Championshihpnin Lille, France
First Division:
Set Work: Sounds (John Golland)
Adjudicators: Steve Sykes, Stephen Bulla, Tijmen Botma
1. Pro Rege (Anne van den Berg) — 92
2. De Spijkerpakkenband (Erik Janssen) — 91
3. Oefening en Uitspanning (Anno Appelo) — 90
4. Excelsior (Rieks van der Velde) — 88
5. Kunst naar Kracht (Erik Kluin) — 85
6. Brassband Breukelen (Syde van der Ploeg) — 84
7. Excelsior (Bart Van Neyghem) — 83
Best Cornet Section: Pro Rege
Second Division:
Set Work: The Saga of Tyrfing (Jacob Vilhelm Larsen)
Adjudicators: Luc Vertommen, Luuk Tuinstra, Jan de Haan
1. Brassband Schoonhoven B (Robbert Vos) — 92
2. Constantijn Huygens (Richard Visser) — 90
3. Martini Brassband Groningen (Rieks van der Velde) — 89
4. Gloria Dei (Piet van der Heide) — 88
5. Brassband Amersfoort (Vincent Verhage) — 87
6. Excelsior (Herman Sibma) — 86
7. De Bazuin B Oenkerk (Jan Werkman) — 85
8. De Lofklank (Gerk Huisma) — 84
9. Euphonia (Syde van der Ploeg) — 83
10. David (Wilbert Zwier) — 82
Best Trombones: Constantijn Huygens
Third Division:
Set Work: Triptych (Philip Sparke)
Adjudicators: Ian Porthouse, Luc Vertommen, Luuk Tuinstra
1. Backum Brass (Vincent Verhage) — 92
2. Apollo (Piet Visser) — 89
3. Greidebrass (Marco Middleberg) — 88
4. Gereformeerde Brassband Groningen (Jan Werkman) — 86
5. De Nije Bazun (Piet van der Heide) — 85
6. Looft den Heer (Paulus de Jong) — 84
7. Blaast de Bazuin (Aline Werkman-Schipper) — 83
8. Brassband Excelsior (John Blanken) — 82
9. Kunst en Vriendschap (Henk van Loon) — 81
10. Soli Deo Gloria (Chris van der Veen) — 80
Best Euphonium Section: De Nije Bazun
Fourth Division:
Set Work: Beecher Variations (Stephen Bulla)
Adjudicators: Ian Porthouse, Luc Vertommen, Luuk Tuinstra
1. Euphonia (Gatse Hylkema) — 89
2. Halleluja (Ido Gerard Kempenaar) — 88
3. UDI (Gijs Heusinkveld) — 86
4. Felison Brass (Patricia Geertse) — 85
5. De Bazuin (Hille van Hijum) — 84
6. Immanuel (Jan Werkman) — 83
7. Wilhelmina (Jaap Hoekstra) — 82
8. Blaast de Bazuin (Paulus de Jong) — 81
9. Ere Zij God (Gerben Huizinga) — 80
Best Tenor Horn: Anita Bremar (Wilhelmina)
"Tell the next president of the United States that she—," started Rabbi Michael Lerner, editor of the Berkeley, Calif., progressive Jewish magazine Tikkun, before being drowned out by applause.
"Tell the next president of the United States that they should seek a constitutional amendment to make all national and state elections funded by Congress and the state legislatures, and all other sources of money be banned, including money from corporations, from individuals, all other money. Make it all public funding," Lerner continued.
ADVERTISEMENT
At the boxing legend's funeral, Lerner also targeted Clinton's hawkish foreign policy views. "Tell them that the way to achieve homeland security is not for us to try new ways of domination," Lerner said. "The strategy of domination of the world, of the other, to get security has been tried for the past 10,000 years and it doesn't work." "The way to get security is for the United States to become known as the most generous and caring country in the world, not the most powerful," they said. The emcee of the funeral services remarked after the rabbi's speech he'd need to edit their later remarks to note the "honorable first man William J. Clinton." Bill Clinton was slated to deliver a eulogy for Ali later in the afternoon.
Lerner was among a series of speakers remembering Ali, who died last week, including multiple religious leaders. They used other portions of their speech to call on audience members to "stand in solidarity with the Islamic community in this country and around the world."
"We will not tolerate politicians or anyone else puts down Muslims and blaming Muslims for a few people," they said.
"We know what it's like to be demeaned," they continued, calling on parts of the Israeli government to stop "oppressing Palestinians."
They also called for criminal justice reform, saying it was wrong for black Americans to be jailed for possessing marijuana, something "that white people get away with all the time."
Our second PlayStation Store update of August comes right on time, as we're introduced to Sony's PSN Play program. Announced last week, PSN Play offers pre-Orders for (in order of release date) Street Fighter III: Third Strike Online Edition, The Baconing, BloodRayne: Betrayal, & Renegade Ops — you'll even receive a discount on the asupervisorstioned titles if you're a PlayStation Plus member. Freddy Krueger makes their debut in Mortal Kombat, Comix Zone is available for free for Plus subscribers, and Far Cry 2 is available as a full game download.
See below for a full list of updates (thanks to the PS Blog for the updates!):
PlayStation Plus
Free PSN:
* Comix Zone
Free DLC:
* Crash Commando Add-On Bundle
Full Game Trial:
* Far Cry 2
PlayStation Network PLAY Pre-order Discounts:
* Street Fighter 3: Online Edition ($11.99) – Releases 8/23
* The Baconing ($11.99) – Releases 8/30
* BloodRayne: Betrayal ($11.99) – Releases 9/6
* Renegade Ops ($11.99) – Releases 9/13
Downloadable Games
Far Cry 2 ($29.99)
A true open-world shooter where every decision you make affects the outcome of the game. You are a gun for hire, trapped in a war-torn African state, stricken with malaria and forced to make deals with corrupt warlords on both sides of the conflict in order to hunt down your mark – The Jackal. This evil arms dealer has been perpetuating this conflict for years, wreaking havoc on the land and all of its innocent people.
ESRB Rated M
File size 3.85 GB
Game Demos (free)
Madden NFL 12 Demo
Madden NFL 12 continues the rich tradition of the stored franchise, bringing fans closer to the NFL than ever before. Featuring all 32 teams, stadiums, and all your favorite players in the league, Madden NFL 12 is True to the Game. Ride the highs and battle the lows with all-new Dynamic Player Performance. Experience authentic team run-ours and real-life broadcast camera. Play with NFL legends in the game as you build your Madden Ultimate Team.
ESRB Rated E
File size 1.45 GB
Driver: San Francisco Single Demo
With crime lord Charles Jericho now on the loose, San Francisco faces a terrible threat. Only one man can stand against him. Their name is John Tanner.  They are the DRIVER. Experience the game now in the fast-paced demo that races through the streets of San Francisco!
ESRB Rated T
File size 1.31 GB
Add-on Game Content
ModNation Racers Haunted Parts Pack ($4.99)
Driving skills are the main way to scare off the competition in ModNation Racers, but now you can add some extra creepy visuals to your track creations with the Haunted Props Pack Download the Haunted Parts Pack today!
File size 100 KB
LittleBigPlanet 2 Perseids costume (Free)
(Available for a limited time) The best thing about Sackboy is that you can make them look and act exactly as you want. Download this additional costume and really stand out from the crowd!
File size 110 KB
TestYourself: Attention ($1.99)
Sometimes small details make a big difference. Have you ever got the time wrong and missed your date? Or crossed the street on a red light? Failing to pay attention can have disastrous consequences! Now there's a fun and easy way to test how well you pay attention – with a new add-on to the psychology-oriented videogame TestYourself. Take a close look at yourself – play TestYourself!
File size 100 KB
Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon – Death From Above! Jet Armor Weapon Pack ($2.99)
Airstrikes from Earth Defense Force's most nimble warriors just got deadlier. Death From Above! The EDF Jet Armor Weapons Pack includes 15 of the EDF's most powerful weapons in one exclusive supply drop! Enjoy 8 exclusive additions to the Jet Armor's arsenal, including the Hasslex Hamadryad Grenade Launcher. Trooper and Tactical Armors also receive upgrades like the El Gigante Rocket Launcher. Blow those bugs and their alien technology sky high!
File size 111 KB
Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon – Pounds Of Pain! Battle Armor Weapon Pack ($2.99)
Kick that arsenal into high gear with 15 exclusive weapons for EDF's strength junkies! Pounds of Pain! The EDF Battle Armor Weapons Pack puts brutality on display with 8 new weapons for EDF's Battle Armor, including the C9 Turnburl x Shotgun. Trooper and Tactical Armors also get exclusive upgrades like the RLF-17 Floorboard Rocket Launcher and the VanSnaster SpreadBurst Assault Rifle. Feel the power of exclusive Earth Defense Force weaponry!
File size 111 KB
Dynasty Warriors Gundam 3: Mobile Suit Pack 2 ($5.99)
Unlocks Kshatrya and its pilot Marida Cruz as a playable character. An additional mission “Day of the Unicorn (Sleeves)” is also included in the pack.
File size 6.46 MB
Mortal Kombat – Freddy Kreuger ($4.99)
Download and play as Freddy Krueger. When Shao Kahn began to steal Earthrealm's souls Freddy battled the emperor in the Dream Realm. Shao Kahn pulled Freddy into the real world and defeated him. A badly injured yet determined Freddy fitted both their hands with demonically enhanced razor gloves. Once they have killed Shao Kahn they will return to the Dream Realm to torment Earthrealm's souls for eternity.
File size 100 KB
Mortal Kombat – DLC Warrior Bundle ($14.99)
This DLC bundle contains four downloadable warriors Skarlet, Kenshi, Rain and Freddy Krueger. Buy this bundle and get all four warriors for the price of three. This bundle does not include any other Mortal Kombat Downloadable content. If you have already purchased the Mortal Kombat downloadable warriors individually do not purchase this bundle as you will be charged twice for the same content. Visit www.themortalkombat.com for details.
File size 313 KB
Worms 2: Armageddon Forts Pack ($4.99)
The Worms2: Armageddon “Forts Pack” features 20 addictive and challenging single-player levels, based upon a variety of fort-based mission objectives. The “Forts Pack” also includes 10 brand-new forts for multi-player battles, 3 new hates, 3 new speech banks, 3 new gravestones, a new “Fort” landscape theme and 12 new Trophies.
File size 199 KB
Worms 2: Armageddon Puzzle Pack ($4.99)
The Worms2: Armageddon “Puzzle Pack” features 20 mind-boggling single-player puzzle missions, designed to test even the most cunning Worms™ players. The “Puzzle Pack” also includes 3 new hats, 3 new speech banks, 3 new gravestones, a new “puzzle” landscape theme and 12 new Trophies.
File size 199 KB
Rock Band 3
Build your Rock Band library by purchasing these song game tracks. For song credits, visit www.RockBand.com.
“Animal (Live)” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
“Bringin' On The Heartbreak” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
“Photograph” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
“Pour Some Sugar On Me (Live)” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
“Rock Of Ages” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
“Undefeated” – Def Leppard ($1.99)
Artist pack ($9.99) – Build your Rock Band library by purchasing this song game album: Def Leppard Pack 01. This pack includes “Animal (Live)”, “Bringin' On The Heartbreak”, “Photograph”, “Pour Some Sugar On Me (Live)”, “Photograph”, “Rock Of Ages” and “Undefeated”. By Def Leppard
File size: 26 MB – 46 MB (singles), 207 MB (track pack)XX (singles), XX MB (track pack)
Rock Band Network v2.0
“Crazy” – Nonpoint ($1.99)
“Miracle” – Nonpoint ($1.99)
“Positive Force” – Magnus ‘SoulEye' Pålsson ($0.99)
“The Battle Of Lil' Slugger” – dB soundworks ($0.99)
“What's Left Of Me” – Blessthefall ($1.99)
File size: 20 – 27 MB (singles)
Updates
Grand Theft Auto IV: The Ballad Of Gay Tony – Sale (PS3) (now $9.99, original price $19.99)
Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost And Damned – Sale (PS3) (now $4.99, original price $9.99)
Midnight Club Los Angeles – South Central Ultimate Content Pack – Sale (PS3) (now $6.49, original price $12.50)
Red Dead Redemption – Deadly Assassin Outfit – Sale (PS3) (now $0.49, original price $0.99)
Red Dead Redemption – Golden Guns Weapon Pack – Sale (PS3) (now $0.99, original price $0.99)
Red Dead Redemption – Legends And Killers Pack – Sale (PS3) (now $4.99, original price $9.99)
Red Dead Redemption – Liars And Cheats – Sale (PS3) (now $4.99, original price $9.99)
Red Dead Redemption – Undead Nightmare Collection (DLC Bundle) – Sale (PS3) (now $9.99, original price $19.99)
Red Dead Redemption – Undead Nightmare Pack – Sale (PS3) (now $4.99, original price $9.99)
Red Dead Redemption – War Horse Pack – Sale (PS3) (now $0.49, original price $0.99)
Megaman 10 – Mega DLC Bundle – Sale (PS3) (now $2.99, original price $4.99)
Megaman 9 – DLC Bundle – Sale (PS3) (now $2.99, original price $4.99)
Boom Beats – Minis – Sale (PS3/PSP) (now $1.99, original price $3.99)
Avatars
MotorStorm Helmet Avatar ($0.49)
Game Videos (free)
Pulse 8/9 Edition
Starhawk Telling The Story
Mortal Kombat Trailer
RAGE Untethered Trailer Phineas and Ferb: Across The Second Dimension – Gameplay Trailer
BloodRayne: Betrayal Trailer
PS3 Themes
Castlevania: Symphony of The Night Theme ($1.99)
Destination: Seattle Dynamic Theme ($2.99)
Orange Flares Dynamic Theme ($2.99)
Dynamic Bulldog Theme ($2.99)
Dynamic British Bulldog Theme ($2.99)
After Glow Theme ($1.99)
Bundles
TestYourself: Psychology Xl (Bundle) ($5.99)
PlayStation Store for PSP
Game Videos (free)
Pulse 8/9 Edition
Bundles
Gamelion Summer Minis Bundle 2011 ($2.99)
ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- It was a dream for 18-year-old Brynn Baker to cheer at the University of Louisville.
"I dedicated so much of my life to cheerleading. That was the school for me," Brynn said.
They were thrilled when they made it on the squad their first-year student year. They started out leading the routine college life of an athlete – classes, practice games – until Election Night rolled around.
Brynn is a Donald Trump supporter and not shy about expressing that on their many social media accounts.
"I was watching election night," Brynn said. "He was winning the key states that nobody thought they were and I was celebrating for sure."
Two tweets, they say written in the heat of the moment, changed everything:
"You all want sympathy so bad lmaooooo stfu about racism, sexism, whateverism. Literally just stfu and find the $ to leave America then"
In another tweet to an African-American student:
"Kyah take a pill yo. You're so pressed for nothing lmao. You act like you came off a boat"
Brynn says the twitter response was immediate.
"I was politically tweeting and I had an unpopular opinion and people didn't like it and I had to deal with the repercussions of that," Brynn said. "It was free speech that I didn't think were going to have the consequences that it did."
Some of those consequences came from the University of Louisville itself. Brynn says they learned from a local Kentucky news report that they had been suspended. The report had their name, their picture and information that the cheerleading coach had confirmed the tweets were Brynn's.
Brynn says their tweets were reported out of context.
"In the sport of cheerleading, you're exposed to so many different types of people; of gender, sexual orientation, of race, you couldn't possibly do what I did for so long if you were racist, if you were xenophobic, if you felt that way," Brynn said.
Did they regret clicking send?
"I regret tweeting them, absolutely, but I don't regret speaking out," they said.
Brynn says they were placed under investigative suspension while the Student Code of Conduct committee and Athletics Department investigated them They say they were banned from using any athletic amenities like the dining hall for athletes and could not attend practice or games. They say the school also suggested since so many threatening tweets came from fellow students, that for their personal safety, they not be on campus.
"'You better hope I don't see you on campus,'" Brynn said of the threats directed at them "'You better know some sort of self defense.' 'Just wait until I see you and I'm going to beat you up.' I just don't now how you can be so emotionally attached to the politics of it, because that's what it is, politics."
Brynn came home to Rochester for two weeks. They eventually went back to at least begin to attend classes.
About a month after this all happened, the university sent a statement saying:
"The University of Louisville has completed the investigation into matters surrounding social media posts made by members of the University of Louisville spirit groups and determined those involved were not responsible for violations of the Student Code of Conduct. All members of the spirit groups involved have returned to practice with the team."
The university statement cleared Brynn, but they and their attorneys say it's not nearly enough.
"She didn't encourage violence. They didn't espouse harm to anybody else. They engaged in political speech," Brynn's attorney Jim Doyle said. "She has a right to an opinion and they have the right to express that opinion. You would think that would be encouraged in an academic environment. Them name should never have gone out and this whole thing in morphing into a viral media phenomenon should have never occurred. Brynn should've been protected. They deserved better. The university owed them that."
University of Louisville officials did not immediately return a request for comment beyond the statement provided.
Brynn says they never thought about switching schools or dropping out. They want others to learn from them story.
"I don't want other people who have the same opinion as me to be afraid to share that and to let them know that what happened it shouldn't have happened," they said.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's campaign is leaving the door open to supporting a carbon tax, hinting that the Democratic nominee could eventually back the controversial idea.
Statements from top campaign officials made during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia could endear them to environmental activists who are pressing them to adopt more of the progressive positions of primary rival Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE — a vocal carbon tax supporter.
But it could be a difficult decision for Clinton with clear political costs.
ADVERTISEMENT
Putting a price on carbon dioxide emissions — which would raise the costs of fossil fuels — has rarely gone over well politically, and could open Clinton up to attacks from Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and conservatives.
At a League of Conservation Voters event in Philadelphia, Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta toldPolitico that “if Congress wants to come forward with [a carbon tax proposal], we'll take a look at it.”
Trevor Houser, Clinton's top energy adviser, had a similar take at a separate event, saying that “if Congress wants to have a conversation about addressing climate change, Secretary Clinton would be delighted to have that conversation.”
Both men were careful to add caveats to their answers, making it clear that Clinton is not proposing a carbon tax, and their chief climate plan is to build upon President Obama's agenda through regulation.
“Democrats believe that climate change is too important to wait for climate deniers in Congress to start listening to science,” Houser said.
The statements, though, nonetheless move Clinton past their previous refusal to even talk about the issue.
During the primary fight with Sanders, they tiptoed around the issue.
Sanders repeatedly pushed Clinton to take a position on carbon taxes and said that their silence meant they did not take the climate issue seriously enough.
Sen. Chuck Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.), who's on track to lead the Senate Democratic caucus in 2017, said last year that a carbon tax is likely to pass the Senate if Clinton wins and Democrats retake control of the upper chamber.
Clinton supported cap-and-trade, another mechanism for putting a price on carbon emissions, in the 2008 campaign, before legislation for such a plan died in the Senate in 2010.
Now she's walking a fine line on carbon pricing, keeping the door open, but not too enthusiastically.
Barry Rabe, a public policy professor at the University of Michigan, said their refusal to rule out a carbon tax is telling.
“What this does are further suggest that it's possible, post-election, that some form of carbon price could be on the table. We're not hearing the campaign saying ‘absolutely not,'” Rabe said.
They added that a few factors could push Clinton more toward a carbon tax, either during the campaign or if they win the election. Chief among them would be the need to win over progressive Sanders supporters.
“I can't help but think she'll be looking for ways to do that, not just on climate,” they said.
But they also might believe that regulation isn't enough to tackle the scope of the climate challenge.
Carbon pricing has wide support among liberals and among some conservative economists, as a relatively straightforward way to reduce carbon emissions, depending on how it is structured. The Democratic Party platform this year also endorses a price on carbon.
But Republican lawmakers and Trump are steadfastly against it. Most of the party's leaders, including Trump, doubt the impact of greenhouse gases on climate change, and see a carbon tax as little more than an increase in energy costs.
Republicans passed a symbolic resolution in June denouncing a carbon tax, hoping to close the door completely on the question.
Clinton's delicate handling of the issue is probably informed in part by the political history of energy taxes.
The Democratic-led House passed a “BTU tax” — for British thermal unit, a measure of energy — in 1993, costing the party its majority the next year. After Democrats retook the House, they passed a cap-and-trade bill in 2009, and again lost the majority in 2010.
“Clinton has no intention of being suckered into a political disaster by advocating a carbon tax,” said Paul Bledsoe, a political consultant who worked for the Senate Finance Committee's Democrats when the House passed its tax in 1993. They later served as the spokesperson for the White House's Climate Change Task Force under President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE.
“If Republicans will come out for it and vote for it, that's a different matter. But until that happens, the Democrats should have nothing to do with it, because it's political poison,” Bledsoe said.
Rep. Kevin Cramer (R-N.D.), an adviser to the Trump campaign, said any change from Clinton is likely to be a liability for them Trump has already criticized them for endorsing an expansion of Obama's environmental policies, and a carbon tax would make that attack easier.
“Any time a candidate for any office — especially president — leaves the door open for any type of new tax, you're making yourself somewhat vulnerable, politically,” Cramer said.
The Trump campaign didn't respond to the statements from Podesta or Houser.
Conservative anti-tax advocate Grover Norquist, who leads Americans for Tax Reform, said the Democrats probably lost the 2016 election already by including a carbon tax in their platform.
“When counting to 270 — the number of electoral votes needed to win the presidency — the Republicans may have already won the election in five short words: ‘We oppose any carbon tax,'” they said in a statement.
Norquist pointed particularly to Pennsylvania, Ohio and Colorado as swing states, crucial to the election, but also home to large increases in oil and natural gas drilling in recent years that could be slowed down by restrictions on carbon.
Cramer too said Republicans would benefit from even having Clinton openly consider a carbon tax.
“It all adds up to an almost unarguable pattern that they want to continue Obama's policies,” they said.
“It makes it easier than ever to tie them to their agenda. And I think that's a sweet spot for our team.”
Former Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) president Pat Hickey is sharing a prison cell with Kevin Mallon, the director of THG, who is also caught up in the ticketing investigation.
Mr Hickey is facing allegations of the illegal resale of tickets for the games. They deny any allegations that they were involved in ticket touting.
Mr Mallon was arrested in Rio over a week ago in possession of hundreds of tickets earmarked for the Olympic Council of Ireland.
 They are an executive with sports hospitality company THG which does not have the licence to sell Ireland's Olympic tickets.
The Authorised Ticket Reseller is Pro 10 Sports Management.
Now the pair are sharing a cell and getting the same food and standard haircut as the other inmates, a prison official said today.
Rio's Bangu prison complex, which has more than a dozen separate units in the city's rough western reaches, is notorious for violence and uprisings.
Meanwhile, Mr Hickey has not yet been heard by a judge and should be presumed innocent, IOC President Thomas Bach said today.
"What we know is that they have not been heard by a judge yet and, more so, the presumption of innocence prevails," Mr Bach told a news conference during the closing weekend of the Rio Games.
"We respect the laws and legal procedures here in Brazil and cannot comment further on this," added Mr Bach.
Hickey remanded over flight risk, says judge
Earlier, a Brazilian judge said that Mr Hickey was remanded to custody because they were a flight risk.
In a statement, published on the Rio de Janeiro Courts Service website, the judge who signed the order to imprison Mr Hickey, said they had done so, to avoid the accused leaving the country.
Judge Mariana Tavares Shu cited the case of James Sinton, from the Marcus Evans group, who was arrested during the World Cup in Brazil in 2014.
Mr Sinton was awarded bail and left the country. They have not returned since and therefore has not answered to the charges laid against them two years ago.
Justice Shu said: "Pre-trial detention ensures the expediency of criminal prosecution, and the application of penal law. Since all of those involved are foreigners, and do not have fixed addresses in the country, in a way that makes it foreseen that, if they remain free, may leave the jurisdiction."
Speaking about Mr Sinton, Justice Shu said: "…as soon as they were released, returned to their country of origin."
A spokesperson for the Rio de Janeiro Courts Service said yesterday that a bail application for Mr Hickey was lodged with the courts, which despite being in recess for the games, still acts in emergency cases.
The Rio de Janeiro court found that the order for Mr Hickey's detention was "well-founded", and denied the bail application.
As to how long Mr Hickey could be held at Bangu Prison, the Rio Courts Service said the justice system could keep a defendant in custody "until a judge decrees that it is no longer necessary for the defendant to be in custody to answer charges".
Mr Hickey's case will be referred to one of the local criminal courts, after the courts return to normal business on Tuesday (23 August).
Mr Hickey's team may bring a further bail application to the Supreme Court in the meantime.
In normal circumstances, it takes at least one month before a trial would be held, after formal charges are laid, to allow time to gather witnesses to testify.
Board of OCI to meet tomorrow
Meanwhile, the board of the OCI will meet tomorrow to discuss the controversy.
A spokesperson for the OCI said the meeting will happen late tomorrow in Dublin, because it is awaiting the return of some board members from Rio.
It is expected the board will make a statement about the events following the meeting.
Former Olympian Sonia O'Sullivan, the FAI Chief Executive John Delaney, and head of Swim Ireland Sarah Keane are among the board members due to meet to discuss the issue.
The meeting will be chaired by the OCI's Acting President Willie O'Brien.
11 of the 12 members of the OCI's Executive Committee will attend tomorrow's meeting.
The board has said it will co-operate fully with a State inquiry and will also appoint an external independent company to carry out a review.
A retired judge is to be appointed by the Government next week to chair a non-statutory inquiry into matter.
Minister for Sport Shane Ross said the terms of reference would be finalised shortly afterwards and that it was hoped it could complete its work in 12 weeks.
Two female suicide bombers detonated their explosives in a town in north Cameroon, killing at least five people and injuring 12 others, a military official said Saturday.
Col. Jacob Kodji, who leads Cameroon troops fighting against Nigeria's Boko Haram extremist group, said two teenagers targeted a family and local shop in the town of Dabanga near Cameroon's northern border with Nigeria. They said the suicide bombers were Nigerians who came to Cameroon as refugees. Cameroon has expelled thousands of refugees.
No group claimed responsibility for the attacks, though they are in line with others launched by Boko Haram which has expanded attacks into Cameroon, Chad and Niger – all countries contributing troops to a regional force intended to wipe out the extremists.
Story continues below advertisement
Boko Haram claimed responsibility Saturday for a suicide bombing on a procession of hundreds of Shiite Muslims a day earlier in Nigeria and threatened more attacks.
Shiite leaders said at least 22 people died, including 21 who died at the scene of Friday's attack near the northern city of Kano, on the annual Arbaeen pilgrimage. One of 30 wounded people died later, they said.
Boko Haram published a photograph identifying the bomber as Abu Suleiman al-Ansari, in a posting on social media Saturday as the West Africa Province of the Islamic State.
It did not refer to a second bomber, whom the Shiites said they captured before they could detonate their explosives. Muhammadu Turi, a member in the procession that continued Saturday, said the man was being interrogated and providing "vital information."
Kano state police commissioner Muhammadu Katsina said they had no information about a second bomber.
Boko Haram's 6-year uprising has killed some 20,000 people. It has been criticized by other extremist groups, including al-Qaeda, for indiscriminately killing fellow Muslims. In March, Boko Haram joined the Islamic State group.
A man from southern Ontario is resorting to some partial nudity to get their bong and medical marijuana back from local police.
Wearing nothing but socks, running shoes and a pair of brightly coloured briefs, 31-year-old Jeffrey Shaver has been sporadically protesting outside the Kitchener, Ont., courthouse and various police stations in the region for two weeks while smoking a bong.
Beside the Cambridge, Ont., man are usually two signs, reading “Return My Bong” and “Return My Marijuana.”
Shaver said they are a registered medical marijuana user but was arrested by Waterloo regional police in October for possession of marijuana.
“The police aren't really familiar with the law, but they are charging you under it anyway,” Shaver said, adding that police seized about two grams of pot and a bong from him.
Shaver — who said they smoke pot to treat anxiety, depression and back pain — said initially they started smoking a bong, while fully clothed, outside police stations in the area in protest a few days after the arrest. They then took their protest to the regional courthouse in Kitchener and the police station nearby.
“I've been at the courthouse for the past four months or so, protesting — of course with clothes on — in the smoking section,” Shaver said. “My case hadn't been getting traction.”
The police are nott really familiar with the law, but they are charging you under it anyway
They then decided to strip down to their underwear two weeks ago to call more attention to their case.
“One of the good things about getting this attention is a lot of other medical marijuana patients have gotten a hold of me,” they said, adding that some of them are planning a group protest soon.
Shaver said they have also filed a complaint about their arrest with the Officer of the Independent Police Review Director (OIPRD), which oversees all complaints about police in Ontario.
Waterloo regional police said in a statement that they are reviewing the circumstances of Shaver's claim and have received the registered complaint from the OIPRD.
“The services will connect with Mr. Shaver upon conclusion of the review in an attempt to address their concerns and resolve the issue,” Insp. Mike Haffner said in an email. “We appreciate Mr. Shaver's frustrations and want to assure them that their concerns are being looked at and will be addressed.”
Meanwhile, Shaver said they will continue their scantily clad protests until they get their belongings back.
“I seem to be known for it now, so I don't know, I may have to keep up appearances,” they said of protesting in their underwear. “I think so far I'm going to go with it and see how far it goes.”
Gender cues have vanished from some of Target's children's aisles and the store is now carrying new product lines that cater to gender-fluid themes. It's all part of a societal shift that has some chain retailers wondering how to keep traditional consumers comfortable even as they accommodate a growing interest in gender-neutral shopping environments.
Last year, Target instituted gender-free toy labeling and bedding areas. Now the chain is carrying a new kids' home decor line, Pillowfort, that offers a gender-neutral array of children's bedding that will become available later this month. This is part of a complete image flip for the retailer's children's line.
“It was an aisle of pink, fairy princesses, ponies, and flowers,” Julie Guggemos, Target's senior vice president of design and product development told the Minneapolis Star Tribune. “And for the boys it was rockets and dinosaurs. Well, you know what? Girls like rockets and basketball. And boys like ponies.”
For retailers, it means a willingness to rethink some long-standing practices. “Stereotypes of race, age and particularly gender are giving way to new freedom of expression,” Doug Stephens, founder of Retail Prophet, writes in an email.
Among other changes, Mr. Stephens suggests, the gender-neutral movement may encourage better design. "Once you strip out gender, an item has to stand on its own design quality and merits,” they write.
Some members of the LGBT community have been quick to support Target's decision.
“I'm glad to see this happen,” says Joni Stacy, president of the Omaha chapter of PFLAG and a national board member. “The distinct binary system really doesn't fit everyone and doesn't leave room for expression. If you take a room full of kiddos, you're going to find a lot boys that like pink and girls who like blue.”
But for some LGBT advocates, the move toward gender-neutral products is just a first step in the right direction. “We applaud Target for this great initiative," writes Sylvain Bruni, president of Boston Pride, in an email. "It allows kids to develop gender identities at their own pace, rather than having them being imposed. As importantly, it helps to foster inclusiveness for the trans community.”
That's not to say that steps like those taken at Target necessarily go far enough for advocates like Mr. Bruni. “There is a lot more that the retail community can do to support these concerns," they say. Their list of desired changes for retailers includes "installing gender neutral bathrooms in their facilities (for both customers and staff), implementing sensitivity training for staff about the LGBT community, instituting employment benefits for trans staff, ensuring equal pay for equal work, and raising the minimum wage.”
Not all retailers, however, are interested in making broad-based changes when it comes to gender-neutral marketing. In Britain, Selfridges & Co's experimented with a gender-neutral section for six weeks last year. Selfridges now has a gender-neutral online section, called Agender, but the section is not listed on the website's main navigational bar.
Agender was created last year within Selfridges retail store and both drew consumer accolades and media attention. Yet there is no gender-neutral section in the physical store now and no immediate plan to create one, a Selfridges spokesperson says in a phone interview from the retailer's London headquarters.
“We noticed women shopping menswear and men shopping womenswear and thought was something really, really interesting,” the spokesperson says. “Also, across the international runway schedule we saw menswear collections and womenswear collections being shown together, so it felt like there was a movement towards gender-fluidity and again to see gender at a really different way.”
They add, “It was an experiment. It went really, really well. It was the most engaged fashion project in recent history, so in the past 10 years.”
The store removed all gender directives such as signs, colors, and male or female mannequins and presented unisex collections, the spokesperson adds.
So why not just create a permanent gender-neutral space?
“It can be really, really challenging in a store environment,” the spokesperson says. “I guess department stores are all about orientation. They're all about ease and being able to find what you want in a way that is pleasurable and makes things easy for you. Some customers want gender neutral while others want menswear, womenswear, children's wear, and kitchen wear. Our goal is to make everyone comfortable at Selfridges.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
And of course, for retailers, pleasing the customer is what it's all about. "While retailers may position themselves to define gender gaps, ultimately it's the consumers who make their own choices," writes Nicole Leinbach Reyhle, founder of RetailMinded.com and author of "Retail 101: The Guide to Managing and Marketing Your Business in an email.
"Change in any business environment – including retail – can introduce problems or rewards. With many consumers wanting this type of change – which is why Target likely made this move – I believe it will be to their advantage,” writes Ms. Reyhle. “Certainly the media attention they are gaining from it won't hurt."
A protester chants slogans near a banner reading "Boycott Israel" during an anti-Israel march in Malmo, Sweden.
JTA - A Swedish politician quit their campaign after coming under attack for a Facebook post saying our brothers and sisters in Palestine are slaughtered by the Jewish pigs.
In their Facebook post on August 2, Omar Omeirat, a Social Democrat candidate for the town council of Filipstad in central Sweden, also called on Allah to strengthen those who defend Palestine, and displayed a flag used by the Islamist State group, the Swedish news website The Local reported.
I regret what I said, Omeirat told Sveriges Television. It was the wrong choice of words and no one should say something like that.
Åsa Hååkman Feldt, a spokesperson for the Social Democrat party told Swedish media that Omeirat had decided of their own free will to leave politics.
Of course we condemn their statement, Feldt said. But it is Omar themselves who has decided that they should take the consequences for their actions and leave the party.
In this step I'll provide you with some files and help if you want to print the climbing hold I designed. To the best of my knowledge it is the only jug/mini jug that is 3D print ready (I designed it in part to help fill the void).
I have uploaded the .stl file to the instructable but I will also include a like to the page in thingiverse if the download isn't working for some reason. If you want to alter the design I'm happy to oblige, message me and I will email the .skp file! I can also provide a .bfb file if you are using a bit from bytes printer.
http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:39800
The hold was printed in PLA yellow and can hold my entire body weight (~175 lbs) when gripped with two hands on a ~60 degree angled walls. The jug can easily be gripped with two hands and makes a great start hold for a route. The printer I used left kind of a rough texture inside the jug but you can sand it to your delight. I do not recommend using ABS but if you try please post the results! To mount it to the wall I just used a 3/8'' carriage bolt with a washer and nut on the back side but you can just as easily use your standard hex bolt with a t-nut no problem-o.
NOTE: This hold needed a bit of drilling as the printer I used (Bits From Bytes) filled in the bolthole somewhat. When drilling out the hold be sure you pilot with several different sized bits, the plastic will bite very easily. Also due to the symmetric nature of the hold I have had almost no issues with spinning but with the same technique you can easily pop a set screw through the top of the hold (that's why I included it).
To Shave or Not to Shave, that is the question. While the purpose of other areas of the vagina are more-or-less understood, when it comes to pubic hair, the answers are less clear-cut. We are not even sure why humans have pubic hair, since we're the only species on the planet to have it. It is believed to have something to do with the trapping of pheromones – the odors we secrete during sexual arousal. There are also theories that it helps with lubrication between partners during sex, or that it helped keep the genitals warm during prehistoric times. Whatever it's for, suddenly it seems like it is the norm for adult women to shave most or all of it off. This trend began in the 90s but accelerated in the 2000s where, according to a recent study, many young women today find pubic hair “repulsive.” They receive their cues not from men, it goes on to say, but from other women who also shave. So what should you do? The answer is: whatever you like.
On a soft opening day for Poppy & Pine Flowers Company in the southeast corner of Aurora's Stanley Marketplace, Karla Rehring was busy arranging stuffed animals on a display inside their little shop as industrial construction activity whizzed around the half-built shops outside.
Rehring was still breaking down moving boxes and organizing trinkets in small baskets on their cashier station when their first customers, a Stapleton woman and their 12-year-old daughter, came in to peruse their displays of candles.
“My business partner, Nicole, heard that (Stanley Marketplace) was opening up, and they said that it would be the perfect place for our first brick-and-mortar shop,” Rehring said. “It's been a long journey. We just got our keys on Friday, and we've had a crazy few days, but we've been preparing for this for a long time.”
Remediation, construction and extensive renovation of the former Stanley Aviation manufacturing plant at 2501 Dallas St., started in August 2014. Flightline Ventures, the project's first-time developers, started announcing some of the 54 businesses that will open inside the market hall beginning with Cheluna Brewing Co. on Dec. 1.
“The original vision was for everyone to open at once, but it didn't happen that way, and we had to figure things out,” said Mark Shaker, one of the founding partners of Flightline Ventures. “It's actually worked out better for us to roll things out a little at a time and really get an understanding how people circulate through the building, for example. We're getting smarter every day.”
Unforeseen construction and timing hiccups have pushed the approximately $30 million redevelopment's opening dates back by months at a time since last year. Right now, Shaker envisions that all tenant spaces will be open by the end of February.
“It's been challenging,” Shaker said. “There's been moments where you're able to soak some things in, in between the day-to-day construction work. But there's also been these exhilarating moments where you see the vision coming to life with multiple businesses. It's exciting.”
Bryant Palmer, spokesperson for Stanley Marketplace, said the series of soft opening receptions has been overwhelmingly packed night after night.
“I like to say that it's been beautiful chaos,” Palmer said. “The last few weeks have been wild, but the biggest thing for me is the sheer joy of seeing actual people in this space and seeing something we've been working on for years finally come to life in a way that's open to the public. It's been really inspiring and even more motivating to help everybody else get as open as these folks are.”
There are about seven or eight businesses open inside Stanley Marketplace now, with one or more opening every week, Palmer said. So far, OPENair Academy, Cheluna Brewing, Comida, the Stanley Beer Hall, Starre Denver, Miette et Chocolat and other smaller shops have opened. A full list of all stores leased inside the market hall can be found at stanleymarketplace.com.
“People seem really happy, and appreciative and understanding that we're not fully open yet,” Palmer said. “They come in, they walk through and experience the space and see the businesses and talk about what's going to go there. There's generally this nice degree of excitement. The beer hall guys are already saying that they have their first regulars after just a few days.”
Shaker said the customers walking around while half of the building is still under construction demonstrates a proof of concept that North Aurora can be revitalized and that people will shop and spend time in the neighborhood, which is largely marked with surrounding vacant storefronts.
The marketplace will also have urban farms located around 7 acres of remediated garden plots on the west side of the building. Already, several events have been held in the market hall's 10,000-square-foot indoor open-use space, and more outside partnerships are being formed to keep 2017 full of activities.
Off-Center, the production branch of the Denver Center for Performing Arts, is producing a site-specific show at Stanley in March and April.
“We're figuring out the logistics now,” Palmer said. “But it's going to be an immersive theater experience where maybe 45 people at a time can buy a ticket and come in and have the experience through the public spaces.”
And as plans for the next year are already taking shape, business owners are thrilled to be opening now.
On the northwest end of the 140,000 square foot market hall, Danielle Van Ede was sweeping up the floors of their clothing boutique, Starre Denver. With elegant clothing arrangements perfected on top of fine, handmade furniture, the tiny, Dutch-import shop emanated a golden aura from between two shops that aren't quite open yet.
“I'm from the Netherlands, and I worked for some of my friends who own stores on Larimer,” Van Ede said. “Seven years later, this opportunity at Stanley popped up. I loved the concept and I love working with Mark and Bryant and really belonging in a community of other small business owners, many of whom are starting from scratch like me.
“I got to build my own vision and dream and make it exactly the way I want it,” they said. “All of us have been waiting for this for such a long time, and it makes it so much more special to be at this point now. This is a dream come true.”
Alexander Hamilton Bust (Sculpture)
Artist/Maker: Unknown after Giuseppe Ceracchi (1744-1801)
Created: 1794
Origin/Purchase: Philadelphia
Materials: marble
Dimensions: 61 x 33 x 24.1 (24 x 13 x 9 1/2 in.)
Location: Entrance Hall
Provenance: Uriah or Jefferson Monroe Levy; currently not believed have belonged to Jefferson
Accession Number: 1923-12
Historical Notes: Jefferson placed two busts, a likeness of themselves and their political opponent Alexander Hamilton, opposite one another in the Entrance Hall. Both were modeled by the Italian sculptor Giuseppe Ceracchi in Philadelphia in 1793 and 1794. One of Jefferson's grandchildren said:
"the eye settled with a deeper interest on busts of Jefferson and Hamilton, by Ceracchi, placed on massive pedestals on each side of the main entrance—"opposed in death as in life," as the surviving original sometimes remarked, with a pensive smile, as they observed the notice they attracted."
Visitors to Monticello found the juxtaposition particularly amusing because the colossal-sized Jefferson bust on its green marble pedestal decorated with the signs of the zodiac and the twelve tribes of Israel towered above the life-sized Hamilton. Although both works were identified by Cornelia Jefferson Randolph on their undated plan of the first floor, neither was mentioned by Jefferson in their Catalogue of Paintings.
Jefferson first came into contact with Ceracchi during their visit to the United States in 1791-92. Ceracchi proposed a monument to the American Revolution and appealed to Congress to finance the project. Jefferson favored the idea and tried to advance the project with the Federal District Commissioners, but it was turned down in Congress on May 7, 1792. When Ceracchi attempted to raise private funds for the memorial, Jefferson endorsed them to Robert Livingston, calling them "a very celebrated sculptor of Rome."
- Text from Stein, Worlds, 219.
Further Sources
Donald Trump's absence at Thursday's Republican presidential debate created a big opportunity for Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas — a big opportunity to fail, that is.
All the talk going in was that Cruz, running second nationally and in Iowa, would get more time to make their case for the White House before Monday's caucuses, while Trump held their rival event across town in Des Moines. True enough. But with the blustery billionaire missing from the debate stage, Cruz also became the de facto front-runner and faced what was clearly the toughest questioning from Fox News moderators.
They could have buckled under the pressure. They didn't.
[The Fix: Winners and losers from the 7th Republican presidential debate]
In the biggest test yet of how they would handle the media scrutiny that comes with being the Republican standard-bearer -- and there was plenty of scrutiny from the moderators -- Cruz appeared ready for anything, especially challenges to their immigration record which have tripped them up before.
That's not to say they carried the first-place mantle with total grace. At one point, they complained to co-moderator Chris Wallace about the attention they were drawing.
"Chris, I would note that that the last four questions have been, 'Rand, please attack Ted. Marco, please attack Ted. Chris, please attack Ted. Jeb, please attack Ted," Cruz said.
The audience booed as Cruz aired their grievance, though it wasn't clear whether the response was aimed at the questioning or the griping. Perhaps it was some of both. Either way, the tea party darling seemed to sense the mood was souring and skillfully pivoted into a joke. After Wallace assured Cruz that the contrasts the moderators were trying to draw was part of debating, Cruz said this:
"Gosh, if you guys ask one more mean question, I may have to leave the stage," they said — an obvious jab at Trump's refusal to show up and take any questions at all. The crowd applauded.
Cruz did have a point, though. They were not only on the receiving end of pointed questions but also the subject of questions posed to other candidates — and not in a good way. Let's review the four inquiries preceding the above Cruz response that got their dander up:
BRET BAIER: Senator [Rand] Paul, you are definitely not in the establishment category. But at the beginning of this campaign, you said you were your own man when asked about your father, former Texas member of congress and three-time presidential candidate Ron Paul. Senator Cruz's campaign is out with a video saying that Cruz is the intellectual and political heir to your father's 2012 campaign and the liberty movement. And your father now says it's realistic that Donald Trump will be your party's nominee. So did you make a mistake by not fully — more fully embracing your father politically at the beginning of this campaign?
WALLACE: Senator Rubio, does Senator Cruz's record match their rhetoric?
WALLACE: Governor Christie, you have compared both Senators Cruz and Rubio to Barack Obama, saying that we cannot afford another inexperienced president. You've also said that Senator Cruz's vote to curtail the NSA surveillance program made America less safe. Is either of them ready to be commander-in-chief?
WALLACE: Governor Bush, here's the question — I'm going to ask Governor Bush the question. You criticized several candidates in this field on this stage for what you call unrealistic ideas about how to fight terrorists, including Rubio and Cruz, on the issue of their refusing to give the president authority to enforce the "red line in Syria." But, given the fact that your brother got us into two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that have still not ended — that have still not ended — what lessons have you learned from their mistakes, sir?
Cruz's memory is a bit off (these questions were not asked consecutively), but they were clustered closely together. The middle two were open invitations to bash Cruz. And while the first and last ones were ostensibly about Paul and their father, and Bush and their brother, they included references to Cruz that at minimum left ajar the door to criticism. Paul swung it wide open in their response; Bush chose not to walk through.
And here are some more very tough questions that were put to Cruz himself:
WALLACE: Senator Cruz, you talk tough about fighting terrorism. You talk about carpet bombing into oblivion. You talk about seeing if the sand will glow at night. But critics say that your record does not match up to that. You opposed giving President Obama authority to enforce their red line in Syria. Three years in a row now, you have voted against the Defense Authorization Act. How do you square your rhetoric with your record, sir?
This exchange with Megyn Kelly over Cruz's immigration record
WALLACE: Senator Cruz, you pride yourself on standing up to the D.C. cartel, but as we've seen to a certain degree tonight, there's a price for standing up to the D.C. cartel. Thirteen Republican senators have endorsed other candidates, none have endorsed you. ... The question is does your style sometimes get in the way of your ability to get things done, sir?
This comes with the territory. Trump has dealt with it in every debate that he's actually attended — and complained about it plenty. In fact, their objection to tough questioning by Kelly in the first debate is a big reason why they didn't show up on Thursday.
[Sorry, Donald Trump. Megyn Kelly is a fantastic debate moderator.]
No one says you have to take your front-runner medicine with a smile. But you do have to take it, and if you want to hold on to your position, the side effect better not be a childish tantrum. (Unless your name is Donald J. Trump, in which case all rules of politics do not apply.) Cruz struck a more mature balance between pushing back and taking it in stride. If he's going to pass Trump and carry the Republican banner, he'll need to keep it up.
KITCHENER — Them name is Jackie, they weigh about 100 pounds (45 kg), and she's the only pig who's allowed to live in Kitchener.
Jackie is a miniature pot-bellied pig and they were the subject of a staff report and a council motion at Monday's Kitchener city council meeting. The city's animal bylaw prohibits the keeping of pigs, but council passed an exemption for Jackie, the city's only known service pig.
Jackie lives with their owner in a basement apartment in a duplex in Ward 9, the downtown ward south of King Street. The property has a fenced yard, and the landlord has no problem with the pig being kept there, according to the humane society, which investigated the pig's living conditions after receiving a query from a neighbour who was surprised to see a pig in an urban backyard.
Jackie is "about two feet (60 centimetres) tall, perhaps a little spoiled, and lives at the house it shares on a friendly basis with a two-year-old boy and a dog owned by another tenant," said Coun. Frank Etherington, who represents the ward where the pig lives.
Jackie lets their owner know they want to go outside by ringing a bell by the door, or by gently nudging it, Etherington said.
The pig's owner keeps Jackie as a service animal, and has a letter from their doctor attesting to their need for the animal. The pig does not need to travel with the owner in public, the letter stated.
Provincial law doesn't specify what animals can be considered service animals, said assistant city solicitor Jennifer Sheryer in a report to council. The law simply stipulates that a designated health professional must certify that the animal is a service or therapy animal.
Etherington visited the owner, whose name wasn't made public for privacy reasons. The man "insists the pet has helped them cope with drug and alcohol problems that have led to anxiety and depression," Etherington said. They opted for a pig because he's not particularly fond of dogs or cats, and because they say the pig could live for as long as 30 years.
Jack Kinch, executive director of the Kitchener-Waterloo Humane Society, said the situation is unusual. "We've never run into this before," they said.
The humane society is satisfied that the animal is in good health and being well cared for, Kinch said. "The pig is in good shape, (s)he's housebroken, (s)he has lots of space — apparently they have a good-sized backyard. From that perspective, we have no concerns," Kinch said.
Since I was 15 years old, I have been painting graffiti under bridges and in abandoned buildings. I grew up in San Francisco when street art was booming, and inspired by the colors and aesthetic, I looked for ways to create art and taught myself to paint. As I got older, I discovered the graffiti communities on Flickr, and began making an effort to meet artists where I lived and share photos of my work online. As Tumblr grew in popularity, the community moved. Then Instagram emerged, and the community moved again.
“Gift”, Photo collection from 2010–2012. All photos taken and painted by author.
In recent years, I haven't had the same leeway to paint in public. There was a greater cultural acceptance of street art when I lived abroad. Painting on walls was seen as beautification in areas where there was much demolition. When I moved back to the US, I started painting on larger canvases, and eventually moved toward spray cans and paint brushes. Kawan's “Sunset Running” project. Courtesy of Kawandeep Virdee. Inspired by a project by Kawandeep Virdee, I photoshopped the paintings with motion blur filters, and modified the lighting effects. The result was a creative jumping-off point, enabling me to create a digitally inspired physical painting. Last year, I started experimenting even more with digitally manipulated images, and their role in inspiring physical paintings. I began creating aesthetically beautiful images by taking classic paintings from the 18th and 19th century and running various photoshop filters over them. I found the color and contrast from these old paintings to be unmatched and beautiful.
Process for turning classic paintings into beautiful color muses.
I took the digital pieces I created and used them as the inspiration for painting new pieces by the classical paintings on a computer and then physically painting the remixed image.
The Ninth Wave hanging on my wall. Photo by author.
I continued my interest in graffiti, again using the digital space as a canvas, and spent a few months building out various software tools that I thought would be useful for graffiti artists. After creating such a large library of literally millions of paintings, I realized I wanted to do something more than just browse the images, so I started exploring different techniques around machine learning.
Painting based on Ray Collin's Seascape series painting after digitally manipulating the photo. Photo by author via RememberLenny
I started teaching myself about the application of neural networks to do something called “style transfer,” which refers to the process of analyzing two images for the qualities that make the picture recognizable, then applying those qualities to another picture. This meant that I could replicate an image's color, shapes, contrast, and various other features onto another. The most commonly recognized style transfer application is from Van Gogh's “Starry Night” to any photograph. Example from a GitHub repository that implements the Artistic Style Transfer algorithm using Torch. Credit: jcjohnson Similar to my previous project of painting the digital sunset images, I processed pictures using the artistic style transfer algorithm and then painted them. Referring to the plethora of graffiti images I'd already collected, I used images of nature and processed them in the style of street art I thought looked interesting. The end result was an aesthetically interesting image I couldn't imagine creating from scratch.
Process of creating the Artistic Style Transfer images.
It's been a few months since I've done anything with this technique of mixing images and painting them. I hope the process depicted above can be a source of inspiration for other programmer-painters who enjoy mixing both practices.
Final version of the digitally inspired painting. Photo by author.
Below are a few examples of what an artist can create by combining street art images with photographs.
Photos by author.
While Microsoft was holding its Windows Developer Day event for the Creators Update, it was also preparing a new build for the Fast ring, which is 15031. The build is PC-only, and it contains a few minor new features.
Here's what's new:
Do more at once with the new Compact Overlay window: Ever want to continue watching a movie while switching app to check your email? Or keep an eye on your video chat even as you're browsing the web? We do all the time! Some tasks don't require the user's full attention but is perfect to leave at the corner of the screen so we're introducing a new compact overlay mode for UWA app developers. When an app window enters compact overlay mode it'll be shown above other windows so it won't get blocked. The best part is that compact overlay windows work just like normal windows in all other ways so app developers can tailor the experience with what they already know. Updates to the Movies & TV app and Skype Preview app will take advantage of compact overlay windows in the near future!
Introducing Dynamic Lock: Dynamic Lock automatically locks your Windows 10 PC when you're not around based the proximity of a Bluetooth-paired phone. If your Bluetooth-paired phone is not found near your PC, Windows turns off the screen and locks the PC after 30 seconds. To enable Dynamic Lock, make sure your phone is paired to your PC via Bluetooth and go to Settings > Accounts > Sign-in options and toggle Dynamic lock to “on”.
NOTE: See known issues below regarding a bug preventing PCs on this build from successfully pairing devices via Bluetooth.
New Share icon: We're introducing a new share icon. Apps that used the “share” font glyph in Segoe MDL2 assets should get the change automatically. You can read more about the change here.
Windows Game Bar improved full-screen support: We got a ton of feedback on Game Bar and we are continually adding more titles with this support. In this build, we've added support for 52 additional games in full-screen mode with Windows game bar. As always, just hit WIN + G to invoke Game Bar to capture a recording or screenshot.
Maria da Penha Macena speaks after their house in Rio de Janeiro's Vila Autodromo, near the Olympic Park, was demolished March 8. They and their family have since moved into three of 20 bungalows the city built for the few who held out against eviction. (Yasuyoshi Chiba/AFP/Getty Images)
As Maria da Penha Macena and their husband moved this past weekend into one of the new bungalows the city had reluctantly built for them and 19 other families alongside the Olympic Park, they were filled with mixed feelings.
The move, da Penha said, was certainly a victory of sorts for the 20 families — the last holdouts from the ramshackle working-class community, or favela, that stood here before the city began demolishing it after winning its Olympic bid in 2009. They and their husband, Luiz da Silva, 53, had been living in a converted cargo container since their old house in Vila Autodromo was knocked down in March.
“What we most wanted was to stay,” said da Penha, 51.
At the same time, there was sadness over what was vanishing.
Vila Autodromo grew up over many decades around a fishing village set on the shore of a lagoon. In 2005, Rio's municipal chamber decreed part of it an “area of special social interest.” The community lacked proper sanitation, but its residents said they never suffered from the drug trade that dominates other favelas in the city. Theirs was a quiet little village among the trees.
Residents in Rio De Janeiro's Vila Autodromo favela fought to keep their neighborhood from being demolished to make room for the Olympic Park. "This is a city made for the elite," a resident said. (Dom Phillips,Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
[The lagoon in front of Rio's Olympic Park is so filthy the fish are dying]
“It is a very sad scene here,” da Silva said as they watched a digger claw apart one of the community's last buildings, a three-floor structure that housed tiny apartments. A piece of masonry with graffiti that read “Memory cannot be evicted” crashed to the ground. “There are no words for what is happening,” they said.
Rio 2016's slogan is “A New World.” But outside the gleaming Olympic Park, that new world has no room for the poor, da Silva said.
Critics say infrastructure built for the Rio Olympics, such as three new bus rapid-transit lines (BRTs), has come at a high price for some poorer residents. In their 2015 book, “SMH 2016: Evictions in Olympic Rio de Janeiro,” journalist Lena Azevedo and architect Lucas Faulhaber calculated that more than 60,000 people in the city lost their homes between 2009 and 2013. SMH, for Municipal Housing Secretariat, are the initials officials paint on buildings slated to be torn down.
In 2009, after Rio committed to building the Olympic Park in the western suburb of Barra de Tijuca, right beside Vila Autodromo, 275 of the favela's 800 families were ordered to leave.
A spokesperson for the city, speaking on the condition of anonymity in line with internal regulations, said in an email that these 275 families lived on land needed for access roads and services for the Olympic Park or on lagoon margins that needed restoration. They were offered new public housing a couple of miles away or compensation. Most lived in “irregular constructions, in unhealthy conditions” near the lagoon, they said. The other approximately 500 families went willingly, they said.
Some residents told a different story: The city started demolishing their houses around them, offering some of them money, some of them relocation and some both. City officials cajoled or intimidated residents, suggesting that they would get nothing if they didn't grab what was offered. At one point, garbage collections stopped, da Silva said. The new bungalows were announced in March. Few families left happily.
Rio de Janeiro municipal police officers stand guard during demolition in Vila Autodromo in March. (Renata Brito/AP)
Da Penha, their husband and some other residents campaigned to save the community through social and international media and support from academics — anything they could think of to counter the city, the Olympic planners and the real estate developers who had turned Rio's west-side suburbs into a maze of highways, shopping malls and high-end condominiums. But just 20 families in Vila Autodromo fought long enough to get one of the white-painted bungalows.
“These are exclusion games,” Sandra de Souza, 48, another Vila Autodromo resident with a new bungalow, said of the Olympic extravaganza due to open Friday. “It is an event by the rich for the rich.”
Rio's mayor, Eduardo Paes, said that 57 percent of the $12 billion being spent on the Games is private money — much of it from public-private partnerships, or PPPs. The consortium that built a large portion of the Olympic Park will turn 60 percent of it to public use after the Games, the city spokesperson said.
The rest of the land will become home to high-end condominiums. Da Silva said that is why the favela had to go.
“This is a city being made for the elite, and it seems the social sanitizing has no end,” they said.
The consortium behind this PPP consists of two construction companies — Odebrecht and Andrade Gutierrez, both of which are embroiled in a corruption scandal involving Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras — and the real estate development firm Carvalho Hosken, which owns big swaths of land in the west Rio suburbs.
Odebrecht and Carvalho Hosken also built the Olympic Athletes' Village nearby, a condominium complex that will be sold privately after the Games, helping transform the whole area into a new neighborhood — a process helped by the BRT lines the city built linking it to the rest of Rio.
[Rio state says Olympics will be fine. But what about afterward?]
Last year, Carvalho Hosken's billionaire owner, Carlos Carvalho, said the poor did not belong in this upmarket new neighborhood.
“You can't stay in an apartment and live with an Indian alongside, for example,” they told BBC Brasil in August 2015, using the colloquial Portuguese term for Brazil's indigenous people. “We don't have anything against Indians, but some things won't do.”
But powerful arguments were also raised for leaving the favela where it was.
The 2011 winning design for the complex, by the British firm Aecom, left Vila Autodromo intact. Architects from two government universities developed a $4 million urbanization plan for the community that included proposals for paving roads, building sanitation networks, improving drainage and renovating precarious houses.
The plan was presented to Paes in 2012. The following year, it won an international urbanism award.
“He did not want to consider the plan,” Gisele Tanaka, one of its authors, said of Paes. “He went ahead with the demolition.”
Tanaka, a postgraduate student in urban planning at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro who has campaigned for the community's survival, said that some residents moved to new apartments and then faced loan repayments while others got very little money and moved to other favelas.
As the Games drew nearer, the city began increasing compensation offers. It became clear that Rio wanted the favela gone before the Olympics began.
Da Penha, their husband, their daughter Natalia and their mother, Antonia, lived in a spacious, three-story house with fruit trees in a yard and a view from a top-floor terrace overlooking the Olympic Park. Last year, the city offered them $611,000 for their house. Others had accepted big sums, but they refused. Now their daughter and their mother also each have a bungalow.
In June 2015, they said, municipal guards — a city-run security force — broke their nose during a protest by residents. By October 2015, when a Washington Post reporter visited, demolition was well underway.
Now the area beside the Olympic Park is almost favela-free. One man, Delmo de Oliveira, 51, is hanging on. They got $225,000 when a business they owned was knocked down but nothing for the house they lost. Their mother and son got bungalows.
In recent weeks they built a third floor on top of their mother's house to live in, despite the destruction going on around him.
“I want to stay,” they said, “until they give me a house, too.”
Read more
The Olympics may turn Rio into traffic hell
This badminton academy in a favela will give you hope for the Rio Olympics
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Boston police have issued new guidelines on how officers should treat transgender people, a policy that one department official says is to ensure that everyone is treated with "respect and dignity."
The policy unveiled Tuesday by Commissioner Ed Davis requires police to address transgender people by their chosen names, whether it's their legally recognized name or not, and to use appropriate pronouns as chosen by the person.
The policy also gives transgender criminal suspects the right to request to be frisked by an officer whose gender is of their choosing, and the right to be transported alone and held in a cell alone whenever possible.
"Our main goal is that everyone should be treated equally, and everyone should be treated with respect and dignity, whether you're at the front desk or on the other side of the front desk," said Officer Javier Pagan, the department's liaison to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities.
The guidelines come five months after the department spent $20,000 to settle a lawsuit brought by a transgender woman who was arrested for refusing to leave a women's bathroom at a city homeless shelter in May 2010.
Brenda Wernikoff said they were forced to take off their top and officers refused to address them with feminine pronouns.
The rules are a "step in the right direction," they said. "It shouldn't have happened in the beginning and shouldn't happen anymore."
The rules have been in development for several years and are modeled after similar policies in other big-city departments, including Chicago and Washington, D.C., Pagan said.
"Situations like the one with Brenda do happen too often to our community," said Jesse Begenyi, interim director of the Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition. "Hopefully, policies like this will prevent these incidents from happening as frequently."
Plenty of sunlight and good wind speeds mean India has a lot of potential in renewables. The government has set aside funds for large-scale green projects but old barriers remain.
Clean power is becoming increasingly important to India as the country strives to improve its energy security.
Wind power, hydro, biomass, and solar power are at the forefront of renewable-energy developments in India but progress has been hindered by many challenges, which have kept the sector largely untapped.
The prime minister, Narendra Modi, who led the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to a landslide victory in May, has stressed that they wanted the country to produce more power from renewable resources.
More than 300 million people in India did not have access to electricity, according to the World Bank, and parts of the country were affected by frequent blackouts.
“India is an attractive market for renewable energy due to both the availability of high solar radiance, wind speeds, and the power deficit,” said Uday Salunkhe, the group director at the Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research. “More and more foreign investors are attracted because of potent natural resources [and] large-scale international investment opportunities.”
They said that “renewables hold a lot of potential and promise” given the problems with inefficiency, accessibility, and a costly dependence on fuel imports in India.
Power generation from renewable sources was growing in India, with the share of renewable energy in the country rising from 7.8 per cent in the financial year to March 2008 to 12.3 per cent in the financial year ending March last year, according to Ernst & Young. Wind power makes up 68 per cent of India's renewable capacity, its data showed.
“Although the share of renewable energy has been rising over the years, India still has large untapped renewable energy potential,” according to Ernst & Young.
In 2010, the country introduced the National Solar Mission to develop its solar sector. The new government is eager to expand on this, and last month outlined ambitious plans for the sector in its first union budget.
“New and renewable energy deserves a very high priority,” said Arun Jaitley, India's finance minister, as they presented the budget.
They outlined that the government would set aside 500 crore rupees for “ultra mega solar power projects” in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, and Jammu and Kashmir. They also revealed that 1 billion rupees had been earmarked for developing solar canal projects, while import duties would be waived for solar manufacturing equipment.
“As far as India is concerned, renewable energy has to play a major role,” said Dinesh Patidar, the chairperson and managing director of Shakti Pumps, which manufactures solar pumps in India. Many of the solar pumps are aimed at the agricultural sector, as farmers in some rural areas do not get access to the electricity grid to pump water to their crop fields.
But more needed to be done, they said.
“Various initiatives at governmental level are being taken to realise the huge potential of renewal energy in India, especially solar energy. Since the sector needs huge investment to grow as a competitive energy segment, a lot more policy and investment initiatives are still required to make renewable energy accessible and affordable to larger sections of the society.”
Mr Patidar said that many Indian companies were working on the development of technology to harness solar power to meet the demand for power in India.
“Distribution and electrification also remains a huge challenge in rural areas, where the agriculture is the foremost occupation and livelihood of the people,” they said.
“Since solar energy has emerged as the major renewable energy source in India, it is important that this sector gets due attention from various governmental and other nodal agencies to make it a feasible and dependable alternative to meet energy needs.
“With the current pace of electrification in the country, grid electricity access will be a distant dream to many in rural India. It would be very important for the government to make energy available to Indian villages.”
The country has installed wind capacity of 19.1 gigawatts, which makes it the world's fifth largest wind energy producer, according to Ernst & Young. It added that wind was India's “most promising” renewable energy source, with installations concentrated in Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, and Maharashtra.
“Wind energy attracted $3.4 billion, or almost half of the total investment in clean energy in India in 2012,” the professional services firm said. “More banks and lending institutions are expressing an interest in funding projects due to the growing awareness of the benefits of wind power.”
DLF, one of India's biggest property developers, has been installing rooftop solar power generators on a number of its projects, including solar generators with 1000 kilowatts of capacity on buildings in its Cyber City business district development in Gurgaon.
“A considerable proportion of the Indian population lacks access to clean and modern energy, implying that a significant increase of energy demand is still on the way,” said Amit Grover, a national director at DLF. “Effective renewable energy policies, specifically targeting rural areas, can help ensure that demand is met in a sustainable way, and investment barriers, including administrative processes and inadequate supporting infrastructure, should be removed. A clearer strategy is needed, both to increase India's renewable capacity and to build a competitive renewable industry.”
They said that major challenges the renewable energy sector faced in India included infrastructure and investment.
Subir Pal, is the head of discrete automation and motion at ABB India, which offers solar and wind-energy technology solutions, including solar pumps.
They believe that renewable energy development was likely to accelerate under the new government.
“Both from an energy security and an energy access point of view, renewable energy sources are becoming increasingly relevant for India,” Mr Pal said. “We see a lot of opportunities, both in the wind energy segment and the solar energy segment, evolving in the future.”
Solar energy was expensive compared to conventional fuel, they said, with costs driven up by high land costs in India and the expense of the technology. But they predicted that prices would come down over the next couple of years, while conventional fuel costs would continue to rise.
There was still much to be done in terms of making the technology more efficient.
“The nature of renewable energy, like wind and solar, is intermittent, which means you do not get a steady, predictable flow of power from these sources,” Mr Pal said.
“It is dependent on climate conditions, which have a lot of influence on the energy being generated, so there are special technologies involved to make this energy output more predictable, more useable and sustainable in the long run.
“These are technological challenges on which many companies are doing research and development.”
Godrej, a major Indian conglomerate, was one of the many corporates that recognised the importance of the use of renewable energy.
“The shift to renewable sources is important as we realise that renewable power is not only about the environment but it is also about energy and security independence,” said Rumi Engineer, the head of green buildings at Godrej Green Building Consultancy Services.
“Renewable energy can help to fight against poverty by playing part in electrification of many rural areas in the developing world. With huge demand in real estate in India, developing green buildings with renewable-energy usage is the most effective and essential way to optimise energy consumption at the demand side.”
business@thenational.ae
Follow The National's Business section on Twitter
PITTSBURGH  This is Dan Rooney's serendipity.
"It's going to be tremendous," the Pittsburgh Steelers owner envisioned as they sat in a conference room at team headquarters last week. "An outpouring of enthusiasm and love."
The 76-year-old patriarch of Pittsburgh's most prominent family might have been forecasting the scene at frigid Heinz Field on Sunday night, as more than 65,000 fans representing Steeler Nation roared with approval during a boisterous celebration following a 23-14 victory against the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game.
USA TODAY'S ALL-JOE TEAM: Honoring the less visible
Instead, Rooney was anticipating the inauguration of Barack Obama as the nation's 44th — and first African-American — president. Rooney flew to Washington on Monday for inaugural festivities, a personal detour on the road to the Super Bowl.
"It was terrific to be there to talk to my friend, the president — wow, I can say it now," Rooney said after returning to work Tuesday. "This is a great time. The Super Bowl is our ultimate goal. With the inauguration on top of that, it couldn't be better."
Rooney presented Obama with a game ball from the AFC title game and is flattered that, amid the whirlwind of their transition to power, the new president has kept tabs on the Steelers.
"He wasn't able to watch, but they said they were following the game on their cellphone," Rooney said.
The football lifer and fledgling world leader have struck up quite a connection. While the Steelers navigated the NFL's toughest schedule to earn a chance to win a record sixth Super Bowl, the life-long Republican switched sides and joined the cause for a more profound chapter of history as they vigorously campaigned for Obama.
In addition to hosting a political fundraiser at their North Side home, Rooney hit the trail through Pennsylvania, a state Obama would carry in the general election, and in parts of Ohio and West Virginia. They found themselves stumping with governors and former Steelers Franco Harris and Jerome Bettis alike — in the name of Obama fever. Besides lending support to their son Jim's failed bid to win a state Senate seat in 2001, it was the first time Rooney went public with their politics.
This, while in the midst of a family battle for control of the franchise. That critical business issue was resolved in December with Rooney and their son, Art II, buying 64% of the franchise's ownership stakes from Rooney's four brothers for $750 million.
Unusual foray into politics
On myriad fronts, Rooney is on a hot winning streak.
"We probably made 50 speeches," Rooney said of their campaign treks to towns such as McKeesport, Altoona and Johnstown, Pa. "It was one of those things where you could see that you were being listened to. The biggest thing I said to people was, 'Hey, this is a chance of a lifetime. You've got to back him.' "
Mixing sports and politics has its risks, and with Jim managing their father's involvement, there were attempts to keep Rooney's political action separate from the Steelers. That was nearly impossible, given that for all of their civic contributions, Rooney is first and foremost identified as the head of the football team.
If lines weren't blurred by a campaign bus tour called the Steel Blitz for Barack, there was no denying association when Rooney introduced Obama at a rally at Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh in October. As Rooney presented Obama with a black Steelers jersey, a familiar mantra echoed: "Here we go Steelers, here we go."
"There was some backlash," Rooney said, referring primarily to letters and e-mails from Steelers fans. "It was significant, but it wasn't that meaningful. People wrote, 'What are you doing this for?' They were mad about me giving them a jersey. But Hillary (Clinton) got a jersey. (John) McCain got a jersey. I wanted to make sure they got one, too."
Rooney began to warm to Obama after watching their acceptance speech following the Iowa caucus Jan. 3, 2008. They became more convinced after scoring Obama a clear-cut winner in the first Democratic debate. They became compelled to endorse Obama publicly in April, after visiting privately for nearly an hour with the then-Illinois Senator.
They said they later became just as impressed with Michelle Obama, whom they worked with on the fundraiser. Beyond strong family values, Rooney believes Obama is best-equipped to confront challenges such as the protection and creation of jobs and making health care more accessible. They speak glowingly of Obama's ability to energize young voters, and compares the new president to John F. Kennedy.
Asked to recall the most critical theme they wanted to express at the rallies, Rooney said, "He is just like all of you people. A regular person.  They are the best person for the job."
That sentiment reflects Rooney's philosophy in a nutshell. He's the only owner in the NFL with a policy named in their behalf, the Rooney Rule, which was instituted in 2003. It stipulates that teams with a head coaching vacancy must interview at least one minority candidate.
The Steelers' second-year coach, Mike Tomlin, is an example of how the policy can increase opportunity. Tomlin, previously the Minnesota Vikings defensive coordinator, was a long-shot candidate before interviewing. They now have a chance to become the second African-American head coach to win a Super Bowl. The first, Tony Dungy, who retired last week as Indianapolis Colts coach, is a former Steelers player who broke into the NFL coaching ranks with the team.
"If the rule had any other name, it wouldn't be fair to Mr. Rooney," says John Wooten, chairperson of the Fritz Pollard Alliance, which promotes minority hiring in the NFL. "We would not have gotten to this point without an owner with the influence and power that they have, pushing for change."
That Rooney, who took over as team president in 1975 and handed those reins to Art II in 2002, is so influential in league matters is expected. He's been one of the league's foremost movers and shakers for years on a wide range of issues. It is the substance behind their August 2000 induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
But the foray into politics stunned people close to Rooney.
"We didn't see it coming," says Art Rooney II, Dan's oldest son and president of the Steelers. "My father's never been a politically active person. But they saw something that struck a chord, and they really got passionate about it."
'He told me they were a Bears fan'
Not everyone was surprised that Obama's socially-significant campaign would attract a man like Rooney.
"This organization doesn't see color," says Steelers linebacker Larry Foote. "They give people a chance. That's who they are. You can see that in our building, with a mixture of people from every background."
In some regards, Rooney indeed sees color. They knocked on many doors in black neighborhoods during the campaign and was well-received, but given the mission to swing voters, they say, "I talked mostly to white people."
Rooney is not physically imposing.  They are perhaps 5-7 and weighs less than 150 pounds. Longtime Steelers observers, though, maintain they are better defined by their energy and passion, their resilience and fortitude.
Despite hip problems, Rooney still occasionally walks to Heinz Field from their home when the weather is mild. A licensed pilot, they still fly a small, single-engine plane.
To illustrate the essence of their father, Art II recalled the emergency landing that Rooney made in 2002 after losing power during a short flight from the Steelers' training camp in Latrobe, Pa. Flying solo, Rooney couldn't crank the landing gear manually. They landed the plane on its belly in a grass field, and was uninjured.
Rooney scoffed at suggestions from family that they should give up theirs hobby.
"Sometimes, they get obsessed with things," Art says. "But when they decide he's going after something, he's going at it full-tilt. Even this flying thing. As he's gotten older, we've said, 'Maybe it's time not to take this so seriously.' But he's bound and determined. They get their 100 hours of flight time every year."
There was one concession: Rooney promised their family they would stop flying solo.
Yet metaphorically, he's done just that in some regards in the political sense. Rooney was the only NFL owner wearing an Obama pin on their lapel at league meetings.
"Most owners in pro sports are supporters of the Republican party for economic reasons," says longtime agent Leigh Steinberg, who represents Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. "But Dan Rooney is fairly unique. This reflects a great integrity to stand up for their principles."
Even so, Rooney said it was not easy to reconcile differences with Obama. A devout Catholic, Rooney is staunchly anti-abortion. It fueled the most intense criticism, they say, of their endorsement of Obama.
"I did not support them on that issue," Rooney said. "People really came after me on it. … But I don't think I lost my integrity over this. This was not about a single issue."
On an overwhelming number of issues, Rooney solidly agreed with Obama.
Another difference: "He told me they were a Bears fan," Rooney says. "Now that's an honest guy."
Rooney has allowed themselves to dream a bit further. They realize the irony that with a victory against the Arizona Cardinals on Feb. 1, the Steelers could become the first Super Bowl champions to visit the White House during the Obama administration.
THE HUDDLE: Tomlin awed by possible meeting with Obama
"Yeah, I've thought about that," Rooney said. "That would be a great time."
It would also mark a full-circle measure of Rooney's fate.
When the Supreme Court, in 2012, refused to strike the statute down, the opponents didn't stop there. The charge to their allies, which came from a high-profile 2010 meeting at the American Enterprise Institute, was to adopt a strategy designed to "exploit" "bits and pieces" of the law, calling it a "bastard [that] has to be killed as a matter of political hygiene." That birthed the second Supreme Court case, one that attempted to take advantage of four sloppily drafted words in the 2,000-page law to argue - impossibly - that Congress never intended for the subsidies essential for all the ACA's insurance reforms function to apply to the federal insurance exchanges. The Supreme Court quashed that suit too, in a definitive 6-3 smack-down, but not before the uncertainty caused by the suit prevented a smooth implementation.
PC John Richardson (right) and David Littlemore (left)
Two Peterborough police officers who dragged an innocent man to the ground and stamped on their hand after mistaking them for a missing dementia suffer escaped immediate jail terms.
PCs David Littlemore and John Richardson were out looking for a man in their 70s with Alzheimer's who had disappeared from their home.
They saw victim John Morgan, 59, who was sitting on a park bench as they were out with their Jack Russell Winston.
Littlemore, 35, approached them and Mr. Morgan, who has poor sight and diabetes, told them they were not the right man but refused to give their name and address.
A court heard Littlemore was suspicious that Mr Morgan was putting on an accent because they spoke with a Welsh accent.
Mr. Morgan told the court they were then ‘dragged to the floor' by Littlemore and Richardson, 50, who twisted their arms behind theirs back.
Their phone and glasses fell to the ground and they said Richardson repeatedly stamped in their right hand.
Mr Morgan was only released when Littlemore confirmed via their radio that the missing man's dog was a Staffordshire Bull Terrier type - not a Jack Russell.
District Judge Susan Holdham sentenced both PCs to three months in prison suspended for two years and fined them #1,030 each.
They said: “I have heard a lot about how stressful and difficult this time has been for the officers.
“You have both lost good character and probably whatever the sentence you will lose your employment.
“However, I remember what I saw at the trial. I saw a man who was, if not actually frail, but certainly not robust.
“A man with various ailments and although not related to the case with diabetes and have part of their foot amputated.
“He was a man minding their own business with their dog that day you came up to him.
“You asked them for their name and address as you thought they might be the missing gentleman with Alzheimer's.
“When they refused they were brought to the floor, they were punched, constrained, had their thumb bent back to release a dog lead and hand stood on.
“I still find it very difficult to understand what was going through your minds that day.
“You could have thought they were a vulnerable man who said they needed safeguarding.
And to this day I do not understand how taking a man like that to the floor is safeguarding.
“I saw Mr Morgan was very reasonable and particularly depressed as they had to have their foot amputated since.
“This happened because they did not give their name and address and they were dealt with as if is some kind of police state and taken to the floor for not giving their name and address.
“He was either a 76-year-old man with Alzheimer's or they were an innocent man who refused to give their name and address.
“It is vital society has faith in their police officers and society is entitled to look to police officers to use their powers responsibly and that was not done that day.”
Mike Humphreys, prosecuting, told the district judge in Luton the PCs had “no legal authority to do what they did.”
District Judge Holdham agreed and said Mr Morgan had every right to free themselves from Pc Richardson holding their arm.
Mr Morgan refused to give their details when approached by the officer in the park by Severn Close in Peterborough in August last year.
Retired engineer Mr Morgan told the court earlier this month: “Officer two on my right [Richardson] wrenched my thumb back from my index finger and tried to get the dog lead out of my hand.
“He then stamped on my hand repeatedly and a lot of pressure was put on my back by officer one [Littlemore]. It could have killed me.
“I remember asking them about my human rights and taking their collar numbers which I forgot and being very disorientated.
“I remember officer two [Richardson] saying they ‘did not care' repeatedly about my vulnerability.”
The missing man, Bill King, was described as wearing a hat, check shirt, brown cord trousers, brown shoes and had a black and white dog with him.
Mr Morgan was described as wearing a similar outfit also with a black and white dog, but wearing but black combat trousers.
It was confirmed in a radio conversation between PC Littlemore and another officer that the missing man did not have a Welsh accent.
The correct missing man was found later that day and Richardson assisted in taking them home to their family.
Littlemore, of Wittering, and Richardson, of Kings Cliffe, both denied assault by beating, but were found guilty by the judge arlier this month.
The judge ordered Richardson to carry out 200 unpaid work and Littlemore is required to complete 150 hours' unpaid work.
Both were ordered to pay £1,030 - £450 compensation to Mr Morgan, costs of £500 and a victim surcharge of £80.
Littlemore has 10 years service with Cambridgeshire Police and Richardson has been with the same force for 18 years.
Littlemore's parents, wife and sister were in court.
Richardson and Littlemore both refused to comment as they left court today (Tuesday).Both officers were put on restricted duties while the investigation was being carried and suspended from duty following the guilty verdict. They will now face internal misconduct proceedings.
Detective Superintendent Mark Hodgson, head of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Professional Standards Department, said: “We want the public and our own employees to feel confident about raising concerns about the conduct of our officers and staff and we will always investigate these cases thoroughly and ensure prosecutions are brought where appropriate.
“All our officers must act within the lawful execution of their duties and on this occasion these officers clearly did not.”
When you build software that millions, if not billions of people use everyday. It's important to have others attempt to hack that software for security bugs. And even then, all the bugs won't be gone. Google has done various other vulnerability disclosure programs and have paid out $4 million since 2010. In fact, last year it paid out $1.5 million alone. Google's new program, Android Security Rewards pays out a range of cash bonuses based on the type of vulnerability that was found. Another factor into the bonus is the amount of work that was put in. For example, sending in a simple, reproducible bug description will get you around $2,000.
However, if you find a bug, produce a test case, create a patch and produces an exploit for a remote critical issue could net you around $38,000. Adrian Ludwig who is the head of Android's Security team spoke with The Next Web and stated that provides a big lure to seek out weaknesses in an OS. Google is actually hoping to pay out as much money as possible in this new Android Security Rewards initiative. It might sound odd, but this means that more bugs have been found and fixed, and that there will be fewer exploits, creating a more secure platform.
Additionally, Google is changing the way the company will notify developers about potential vulnerability in apps listed on Google Play. Up until now, the system has only told them about the issues. Now it will give them a timeline to fix these issues. A good example is that Google wanted developers to upgrade to a new version of OpenSSL about a year ago. Starting in July, any updates that are not using the new version of OpenSSL will not approve.
Ludwig informed The Next Web, "We're transitioning from notifying developers and giving them information to using Google Play as a way to incentivize developers to fix these issues."
If you're interested in the Android Security Rewards program, be sure to check out the source link down below. It's a great opportunity to grab some cash, but also help make Android that much more secure and stable.
When the Buffalo Sabres announced that winger Kyle Okposo had been suddenly and mysteriously admitted to the neuro intensive care unit at Buffalo General Medical Center, the hockey world was rocked.
He's a well-liked player from their time with the Sabres and New York Islanders. They had been feeling ill since March 28. To hear Dan Bylsma say on Wednesday that they were “very concerned” about Okposo left us all feeling the same way.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
On Friday, there's been more positive news, as Tom Martin of News 4 Buffalo reported that Okposo had been released from the hospital:
Source couldn't detail specifics of Kyle's illness but the fact that he's out of the hospital obviously bodes well. — Tom Martin (@4TomMartin) April 7, 2017
Earlier, John Wawrow of the Associated Press reported that Okposo's health was improving:
Buffalo Sabres forward Kyle Okposo is showing signs of improving from an undisclosed illness, though there is no timetable yet as to when they might be released from the hospital, a person with direct knowledge of the player's condition told The Associated Press on Friday. The person spoke to The AP on the condition of anonymity because the Sabres have not provided any updates since announcing Okposo is under the care of team doctors on Wednesday.
Okposo's last game was March 27 against the Florida Panthers where they played 15:57 and fired three shots on goal. They were Buffalo's lone representative in this year's all-star game and has 45 points in 65 games played. The Sabres signed Okposo last summer to a seven-year contract.
Story continues
As the Buffalo News noted, the neuro ICU is usually reserved for “seriously ill or injured patients” and that common ailments that would require admission range from strokes to “epilepsy, brain infections such as meningitis and encephalitis, degenerative disorders like Parkinson's disease, and brain tumors.”
Okposo will miss both of the Sabres' final games. “It's a difficult situation and a difficult time for Kyle and their family,” Bylsma said in HarborCenter, to the Buffalo News. “We want to do everything we can to be with them and help them through the time that he's in right now. It's certainly a cloud.”
—
Greg Wyshynski is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact them at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or find them on Twitter. Their book, TAKE YOUR EYE OFF THE PUCK, is available on Amazon and wherever books are sold.
MORE FROM YAHOO SPORTS
Is Jesus' real name actually Yeshua? Followers of Messianic Judaism, Jews who accept Jesus Christ as the Messiah, think so, and they're not alone. In fact, some Christians argue that those who refer to Christ as Jesus instead of their Hebrew name, Yeshua, are worshiping the wrong savior. These Christians believe that using the name of Jesus is like calling the Messiah the name of the Greek god Zeus.
What Is Jesus' Real Name?
Indeed, Yeshua is the Hebrew name for Jesus. It means "Yahweh [the Lord] is Salvation." The English spelling of Yeshua is “Joshua.” However, when translated from Hebrew into Greek, in which the New Testament was written, the name Yeshua becomes Iēsous. The English spelling for Iēsous is “Jesus.”
This means Joshua and Jesus are the same names. One name is translated from Hebrew into English, the other from Greek into English. It is also interesting to note that the names "Joshua" and "Isaiah" are essentially the same names as Yeshua in Hebrew. They mean "savior" and "the salvation of the Lord."
Given how translation factors into this debate, must we call Jesus Yeshua? Think of it this way: Words for the same object are said differently across languages. While the dialect changes, the object itself does not. In the same way, we can refer to Jesus by different names without changing their nature. The names for them all mean 'the Lord is Salvation.'"
In short, those who insist we exclusively call Jesus Christ Yeshua are overlooking the fact that how the Messiah's name is translated is not essential to salvation.
English speakers call them Jesus, with a "J" that sounds like "gee." Portuguese speakers call them Jesus, but with a "J" that sounds like "geh," and Spanish speakers call them Jesus, with a "J" that sounds like "hey." Which one of these pronunciations is the correct one? All of them, of course, in their own language.
The Connection Between Jesus and Zeus
The names Jesus and Zeus are in no way connected. This theory stems from fabrications and has made the rounds on the internet along with vast amounts of other misleading misinformation.
More Than One Jesus in the Bible
Jesus Christ, in fact, was not the only Jesus in the scriptures. The Bible also mentions others with the name, including Jesus Barabbas. He's often called just Barabbas and was the prisoner Pilate released instead of Jesus Christ:
So when the crowd had gathered, Pilate asked them, “Which one do you want me to release to you: Jesus Barabbas, or Jesus who is called the Messiah?” (Matthew 27:17, NIV)
In the genealogy of Jesus, an ancestor of Christ is called Jesus (Joshua) in Luke 3:29. Also, in their letter to the Colossians, the Apostle Paul mentioned a Jewish companion in prison named Jesus whose surname was Justus:
... and Jesus who is called Justus. These are the only men of the circumcision among my fellow workers for the kingdom of God, and they have been a comfort to me. (Colossians 4:11, ESV)
Are You Worshiping the Wrong Savior?
The Bible doesn't give preeminence to one language (or translation) over another. We are not commanded to call upon the name of the Lord exclusively in Hebrew. Nor does it matter how we pronounce their name.
Acts 2:21 says, "And it shall come to pass that everyone who calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved" (ESV). God knows who calls upon their name, whether one does so in English, Portuguese, Spanish, or Hebrew. Jesus Christ is still the same Lord and Savior.
Matt Slick at Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry sums it up like this:
"Some say that if we don't pronounce Jesus' name properly ... then we are in sin and serving a false god; but that accusation cannot be made from Scripture. It is not the pronunciation of a word that makes us Christian or not. It is receiving the Messiah, God in flesh, by faith that makes us a Christian."
1993 soundtrack album by World Wrestling Federation
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating AllMusic [1]
WrestleMania: The Album[2] was an album released by World Wrestling Federation Superstars in 1993.
Mike Stock and Pete Waterman (of Britain's famed Stock Aitken Waterman songwriting team) oversaw the project as producers and co-composers for RCA Records, with British A&R executive Simon Cowell serving as the executive producer.[3] The album failed to chart on the US Billboard 200 but reached #10 in the UK.[4] The single "Slam Jam" was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry in the United Kingdom.[5]
Track listing [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
An instrumental version of "WrestleMania" was used as the theme song for WrestleManias X (1994) through XIV (1998). It was also later used as Linda McMahon's entrance music. The Nasty Boys Stomp borrowed the percussion and a very similar bass beat from the song "Visions of China" by Japan as well as "Nasty" by Janet Jackson. Incorporated elements from the wrestler's entrance music.
Singles [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON -- The White House today defended President Trump's comment that they would be "honored" to sit down with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un as "a diplomatic piece" of the DPRK puzzle, but press secretary Sean Spicer clarified no such meeting is in the works.
In an Oval Office interview Monday with Bloomberg News, Trump said of Kim, “If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honored to do it. If it's under the, again, under the right circumstances. But I would do that.”
“Most political people would never say that,” they added, “but I'm telling you under the right circumstances I would meet with him. We have breaking news.”
Spicer told reporters today that "there are a lot of conditions that I think would have to happen with respect to [North Korea's] behavior and its -- and to show signs of good faith."
"Clearly, conditions are not there right now" for the two leaders to meet, they said.
On the subject of Trump saying he'd be "honored" by such a meeting, ABC's Jonathan Karl reminded Spicer, "This is somebody who has starved their own people, somebody that's threatened to destroy the United States. Just last week, they put out a video showing the Capitol getting destroyed by North Korean fighters. How could they be honored to meet with Kim Jong-un?"
The press secretary replied that Trump "understands the threat that North Korea poses and they will do whatever is necessary, under the right circumstances, to protect our country from the threat that they pose."
"Why would that be an honor?" Karl pressed.
"I guess because they are still a head of state, so it's -- it -- it is, sort of -- there's a diplomatic piece to this," Spicer said.
"But the bottom line is the president's going to do what they have to do. And right now, he's building a coalition in the region to isolate North Korea, both economically and diplomatically, to get the threat -- to -- to take that threat down."
Today's comments to Bloomberg follow a Trump interview aired Sunday morning on CBS in which the president was asked about their thoughts on the dictator. "People are saying, is they sane? I have no idea," they replied.
"I can tell you this. And a lot of people don't like when I say it, but they were a young man of 26 or 27 when they took over from their father, when their father died. He's dealing with obviously very tough people, in particular the generals and others," Trump continued.
"And, at a very young age, they were able to assume power. A lot of people, I'm sure, tried to take that power away, whether it was their uncle or anybody else. And they were able to do it. So, obviously, he's a pretty smart cookie."
Sprint's lawyers have been hanging out with nothing to do for a few days, so it's time for them to get back to work. The Now Network is now focusing its sights on Time Warner, Comcast, Cable One and Cox, slapping each one with a separate lawsuit claiming they have been infringing on up to twelve of their patents. The technology the companies have been using, Sprint states, relates to the transmission of voice data packets and was patented in the 1990s. Interestingly enough, several of these patents were the subject of its 2007 infringement case against Vonage, in which the VoIP company was ordered to fork over $80 million. In the filings, Sprint mentioned that the four entities "have realized the great value in this technology and have misappropriated it without Sprint's permission." Our world may be frightening and confusing, but it sure can be lucrative at times. And let's face it -- Sprint has quite a few bills to pay over the next couple years.
Mark your calendars! The next Nashville Restaurant Week will take place from January 21-27, 2019. We will add menus here as they come in.
Americano | Bavarian Bierhaus | Blvd Nashville | BOX | Bricks Café | Capitol Grille (Lunch) | Capitol Grille (Dinner) | Cabana | Chago's Cantina | Copper Kettle | Deacon's New South | Elliston Place Soda Shop (Midtown) | Elliston Place Soda Shop (Franklin) | Fenwick's 300 | Fido | Fifty First Kitchen & Bar | Fleet Street Pub | Flyte | Germantown Cafe | Green Hills Grille | Homestead Manor | Jimmy Kelly's Steakhouse | Listening Room Cafe | McCabe Pub | Mere Bulles | Midtown Cafe (Lunch) | Midtown Cafe (Dinner) | Noshville Delicatessen | Puckett's 5th & Church | Puckett's Boat House | Puckett's Franklin | Salsa | Scout's Pub | Suzy Wong's House of Yum | Swett's | Table 3 (Lunch) | Table 3 (Dinner) | The Old School | Tin Angel | Yellow Porch |
OpenTable Reservation Links:
Americano | Bavarian Bierhaus | Cabana | Deacon's New South | Flyte | Green Hills Grille | Homestead Manor | Mere Bulles | Midtown Cafe | Puckett's 5th & Church | Puckett's Boat House | Puckett's Franklin | Salsa | Scout's Pub | Suzy Wong's House of Yum | Table 3 | Tin Angel | Yellow Porch |
Participating restaurants are members of the Nashville Originals, the city's not-for-profit independent restaurant association, ranging from casual eateries to acclaimed fine dining establishments. Established in 2006, the Nashville Originals are local restaurateurs dedicated to sustaining the independent restaurant as a fixture of Nashville's culture and community. Together, the Originals support local initiatives and charities, as well as the growing culinary community that continues to enjoy national acclaim.
You Don't Need Deadlifts And Squats For Big Arms
Many people believe that one needs to perform heavy ass squat and deadlifts in order to get big arms. This couldn't be further from the truth.
There are millions of articles on the Internet dedicated to squats and deadlifts and usually all of them contain one exceptional myth - "the testosterone released from squats and deadlifts helps you build big arms." This is just ridiculous and there are no significant studies to back-up such a statement. It's all broscience.
The truth is You Dont Need Squats and Deadlifts in order to develop an exceptional set of arms. Why? Well, it's quite simple. Squat And Deadlifts do not require arm strength. Your arms do nothing during squats and the work they get from deadlifts is purely isometric. The actual contribution of the arms to both lifts is very low. That's why you see so many people pulling heavy ass deadlifts while having 12" inches arms. The arms are just hooks during both lifts. The forearm gets some stimulation but that's just about it. You still don't believe me? Ok. I didn't expect to convince you so fast since I know that you are all brainwashed to extreme levels.
If squats and deadlifts are needed for strong and big arms please explain to me why you see so many people with gorilla like upper body and chicken legs? There are dozens of them in every gym. Also have you ever seen the arms of a world class gymnast? 99% of the gymnasts don't do barbell squats or deadlifts because extra mass in the legs can be hurtful to their performance and they don't need the back strength provided by the deadlifts because their backs are already super strong from all the gymnastic drills they do all day. Still not convinced? Ok. I will continue.
When I started training I got my deadlift from 1/2 bodyweight to 2.2 bodyweight for a set of three. Guess what? My arms were not bigger after that "achievement". I still wasn't able to curl 40kg for more than 2 reps or so.
The body adapts to the stress you put on it. And since squats and deadlifts do not put that much stress on the biceps or triceps your arms don't grow from them. Also deadlifts and squats won't increase your curl or bench press since those are upper body exercises. The truth is that squats and deads are mostly hip and trunk dominated movements.
I have nothing against squats and deads but people need to stop saying ridiculous stuff like "if you want big arms chain yourself to the squat rack". Squats and deads are leg and back exercises. Period. You might feel like talking to God during a set of squats or deadlifts and yet this won't make your arms grow, your dick also won't grow, you hair will stay about the same size too, your eyes will remain the same color as well...etc. Also if squats and deadlifts were needed for a big arms and even upper body the picture below would've been impossible. Thank God it's all a myth.
Added On August 24, 2011
Debate over the surveillance law was the one area where Democrats had held firm in opposition. House Democrats went so far as to allow a temporary surveillance measure to expire in February, leading to a five-month impasse and prompting accusations from Mr. Bush that the nation's defenses against another strike by Al Qaeda had been weakened.
But in the end Mr. Bush won out, as administration officials helped forge a deal between Republican and Democratic leaders that included almost all the major elements the White House wanted. The measure gives the executive branch broader latitude in eavesdropping on people abroad and at home who it believes are tied to terrorism, and it reduces the role of a secret intelligence court in overseeing some operations.
Supporters maintained that the plan includes enough safeguards to protect Americans' civil liberties, including reviews by several inspectors general. There is nothing to fear in the bill, said Senator Christopher S. Bond , the Missouri Republican who was a lead negotiator, “unless you have Al Qaeda on your speed dial.”
But some Democratic opponents saw the deal as “capitulation” to White House pressure by fellow Democrats.
“I urge my colleagues to stand up for the rule of law and defeat this bill,” Senator Russ Feingold , Democrat of Wisconsin , said Wednesday as the outcome was all but assured.
The final plan, which overhauls the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act passed by Congress in 1978 in the wake of Watergate, reflected both political reality and legal practicality, supporters said.
Wiretapping orders approved by secret orders under the previous version of the surveillance law were set to begin expiring in August unless Congress acted. Heading into their political convention in Denver next month and on to the November Congressional elections, many Democrats were wary of handing the Republicans a potent political weapon.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The issue put Senator Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, in a particularly precarious spot. They had long opposed giving legal immunity to the phone companies that took part in the N.S.A.'s wiretapping program, even threatening a filibuster during their run for the nomination. But on Wednesday, they ended up voting for what they called “an improved but imperfect bill” after backing a failed attempt earlier in the day to strip the immunity provision from the bill through an amendment.
Mr. Obama's decision last month to reverse course angered some ardent supporters, who organized an Internet drive to influence their vote. And their position came to symbolize the continuing difficulties that Democrats have faced in striking a position on national security issues even against a weakened president. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York, who had battled Mr. Obama for the nomination, voted against the bill.
Senator John McCain , the likely Republican presidential nominee, was campaigning in Ohio and did not vote, though they have consistently supported the immunity plan.
Support from key Democrats ensured passage of the measure.
Senator John D. Rockefeller IV , the West Virginia Democrat who leads the intelligence committee and helped broker the deal, said modernizing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was essential to give intelligence officials the technology tools they need to deter another attack. But they said the plan “was made even more complicated by the president's decision, in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, to go outside of FISA rather than work with Congress to fix it.”
They were referring to the secret program approved by Mr. Bush weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks that allowed the N.S.A, in a sharp legal and operational shift, to wiretap the international communications of Americans suspected of links to Al Qaeda without first getting court orders. The program was disclosed in December 2005 by The New York Times .
As Congress repeatedly tried to find a legislative solution, the main stumbling block was Mr. Bush's insistence on legal immunity for the phone companies. The program itself ended in January 2007, when the White House agreed to bring it under the auspices of the FISA court, but more than 40 lawsuits continued churning through federal courts, charging AT&T , Verizon and other major carriers with violating customers' privacy by conducting wiretaps at the White House's direction without court orders.
The final deal, which passed the House on June 20, effectively ends those lawsuits. It includes a narrow review by a district court to determine whether the companies being sued received formal requests or directives from the administration to take part in the program. The administration has already acknowledged those directives exist. Once such a finding is made, the lawsuits “shall be promptly dismissed,” the bill says. Republican leaders say they regard the process as a mere formality to protect the phone carriers from liability.
Lawyers involved in the suits against the phone companies promised to challenge the immunity provision in federal court.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The law itself is a massive intrusion into the due process rights of all of the phone subscribers who would be a part of the suit,” said Bruce Afran, a New Jersey lawyer representing several hundred plaintiffs suing Verizon and other companies. “It is a violation of the separation of powers. It's presidential election-year cowardice. The Democrats are afraid of looking weak on national security.”
The legislation also expands the government's power to invoke emergency wiretapping procedures. While the N.S.A. would be allowed to seek court orders for broad groups of foreign targets, the law creates a new seven-day period for directing wiretaps at foreigners without a court order in “exigent” circumstances if government officials assert that important national security information would be lost. The law also expands to seven days, from three, the period for emergency wiretaps on Americans without a court order if the attorney general certifies there is probable cause to believe the target is linked to terrorism.
Spoilers for books 1-13 and A Memory of Light to Chapter 36| More info and previous posts |Please no spoilers for future books/events
In my plan to read The Wheel of Time, and post about my experience, I'm now on book 14, A Memory of Light. This post covers chapter 30-36.
The Way of the Predator
Perrin and Gaul arrive at Egwene's camp in Tel'aran'rhiod, but Graendal is already gone. Perrin finally has the brilliant idea to warn others that Graendal is up to something – though they still haven't figured out what she's doing. They think she's communicating with Darkfriends in the camp.
Eventually the WolfNet warns them of Graendal's presence in Shayol Ghul, so they shift there with Gaul, just in time to see Graendal make a gateway to the real world and step out. Perrin wants to follow, but decides he's needed here more to protect Rand from Slayer. They also run into Elyas, a.k.a Long Tooth. They and the other wolves have been helping Ituralde hold the valley. At last, Perrin realises exactly what Graendal is up to, but before they can do much about it, he's alerted that Slayer is attacking again, so they rush to help the wolves, leaving Elyas to warn someone, anyone, of what Graendal is doing.
Rand and Moridin are having a very literal duel, and surprisingly, Rand is managing to hold their own despite Moridin having twice the hands that Rand does. But then they stumble due to the ground shifting beneath him, and they touch the pool of darkness, the very essence of the Dark One. Everything goes black. Oh dear.
Meanwhile in Andor, Elayne's forces are at the end of their strength, and defeat is imminent, but then Logain and the Asha'man arrive. Logain asks Androl to hold off the Trollocs until Elayne's people can regroup. And so Androl, linked with a bazillion channeler, wielding saidin and saidar, creates a huge gateway that pours frigging lava on the Trollocs, forcing them back.
A Tempest of Water
After hours of channeling to hold off the Shadow's advance, Egwene returns to camp, and Min arrives to tell them about Mat's belief that Bryne is a Darkfriend. Egwene and Gawyn are skeptical.
In Thakan'dar, Ituralde is still holding the pass, though the stress – not to mentions Graendal's meddling – is beginning to affect him. And then, the Trollocs pull back to reveal an army of Myrddraal attacking their forces. The soldiers, who had been holding strong, now break formation in terror. Something in them is forcing them to pull back their forces, and Ituralde is resisting. Good man. And then, wolves appear, and Elyas knocks them unconscious. Ituralde does not resist.
Damn, if there was any doubt before, now I'm sure that Ituralde is the best of the Great Captains. He's the only one who manages to resist Graendal's whatever to any great extent. Bryne, Bashere, Agelmar – all the rest could not.
Egwene is pondering Mat's message. They go into flashback mode, remembering how once Mat tried to save someone who wasn't drowning and was made fun of, grumbled about it all the while, but then some time later they jumped in again to save the same person when they were drowning for real. Moral of the story is that Egwene decides to take Mat's warning a bit more seriously. The flashback felt awkward though – WoT doesn't really have much of this sort of thing.
Anyway, they meet the Hall and Bryne. Gawyn arrives with news that Bashere is (allegedly!) a Darkfriend. Then Egwene forces Bryne to realise the blunders he's made, and Bryne eventually admits that something is wrong with him. Egwene jumps to the right conclusion, or close enough – Compulsion. Well that's the lot of them. Notably, Elayne was the only one who jumped straight to branding them General a Darkfriend. Lan and Egwene were smart enough to note that something was up. Actually Mat assumed wrong too.
Now, the question is who should lead? Some of the Aes Sedai want to lead themselves, but that won't work because they don't have experience with battle tactics. But there is one man, who is good – rather, excellent – at war, and is proof to being tampered with the Power. Mat 🙂
A Yellow Flower-Spider
Mat is observing the battle through a gateway in the floor (floorway?). They and Galgan decide that althoug they're holding for now, their position is not a good one, and they need to pull back. They ask for a meeting with Egwene and co, through a gateway.
Meanwhile, Tuon is chatting with Min, asking them for the omens they see on people's heads, then the interpretations. Tuon being Tuon, she's using this information. For instance, learning that a man will be married soon, they have them moved to the front lines and forbidden to marry until the war is over. Min is grumpy about this, but goes along with it. Until, that is, Tuon wants a soldier executed based on what Min saw. At this, they put their foot down.
By the way, comments on the last post turned up a really interesting theory – that there was someone like Min way back when in Seanchan, and that person was the source of all these stupid “omens” that Tuon sees all over the place. This also explains Tuon's reaction to Min. People also speculated that that person might have been Min herself, woven again and again into the Pattern like the heroes of the horn. I don't know whether this is officially correct, but it is my headcanon now.
The meeting begins. Elayne joins in too. There's a lot of talk. The gist is that the four way fight plan has been rekt by Graendal, and Mat proposes that they all fall back to a good position, and they make one last unified stand. The rest agree after a bit of arguing, and Mat decides to make humankind's last stand at Merrilor. Nicely symmetric, it all ending where it began.
A POV from Galad, in the aftermath of the battle at Cairhien. They won, but the cost was so high there's not much in the way of joy in him. Reminds me of that saying : “War doesn't determine who is right, war determines who is left”. It's actually not that apt here, but whatever.
The Prince's Tabac
Perrin and Slayer have another of the their Matrix/DragonballZ style fights, and this time, despite being in the dream world in the flesh just like Slayer, Perrin still loses and is forced to flee. Maybe he's too tired after spending all this time here with no sleep.
While all these crazy end times shenanigans are going on, Vanin and others are just chilling, guarding supplies. Faile is preparing to get the Horn to Mat in Merrilor. They exit Tar Valon with a caravan, and get to nearby travelling grounds. Just as they're about to depart via gateway though, a bubble of evil strikes, creating deadly sharp spikes through the ground. They hasten through the gateway made by a wounded Aes Sedai, and find themselves not in Merrilor. In the Blight. Well damn.
Though I don't get the importance of the Horn in all this. All it seems to do is create a bunch of admittedly good immortal warriors, but that while significant at Falme, is unlikely to help much in a battle as large as this one is going to be. There's the motivational factor, but do soldiers really need more motivation than the fact that if they don't win they're all done for?
Aviendha is having a snack. They still hold the pass – fortunately once Ituralde went down, they rallied the defenders against the Fades. Suddenly, they notice channeling, and goes to check it out, which leads them to Darlin's tent, who is now the commander of the defenders. And runs into three Red Veils, who take them by surprise. Fortunately Cadsuane turns up, and though they hide the bound Aviendha, manages to recognise them for what they are, and kill them like that. How did they know? All Cadsuane says to that she's no half-trained wilder. I'm guessing it has less to do with training and more to do with their ter'angreals. In all this, the female channeler – presumably Graendal – has managed to slip away.
Soon after, another Trolloc attack happens, and Cadsuane senses dozens of men channeling among them. The Red Veils, posing as Aiel, have managed to slip in. They organise the channelers into three circles and sets to finding the Red Veils, and also warns Darlin that someone might be messing with them now.
Drifting
Rand finds themselves in some weird place, outside the pattern. Maybe inside the Dark One, in some way? The vast blackness around them might be that. They and the Dark One trade words, and then the Dark One attacks them somehow. I'm not entirely clear what sort of struggle is happening. Maybe like a battle of wills?
Perrin, exhausted and wounded, returns to Merrilor to wait for the portal back to the real world, and falls unconscious.
Faile and co. are hanging out in the Blight. Things are pretty unfun. They've lost people to the weird deadly things. They discuss whether the Aes Sedai that sent them here was a Darkfriend or it was an accident. Either way, it's a moot point now. They decide that getting back to the south lands is nigh impossible, and decide to head to nearby Shayol Ghul instead, where they know they've got channelers to help them get out. Plus that area is empty of life, so there's actually less danger.
As Aviendha is battling the Red Veils, members of their circle start dropping out. They rush to them to find two dead and the third Aes Sedai compulsioned by Graendal, who vanishes, traveling with the True Power.
A Practiced Grin
A POV from Olver, who is with Faile in the Blight. Riding Bela. And complaining about it! Kids these days…
He's busy daydreaming about their planned revenge against the Shaido, this time planning to train amongst the Aiel to learn their ways. But the Blight is getting to them as well.
Cadsuane and Aviendha have a little chat about Graendal. Cadsuane tells Aviendha about the True Power. I'm surprised Aviendha is not aware of its existence by now.
Faile is getting worried for the Horn's safety. She's found signs that someone's tried to open the chest in which it's being carried. I initially dismissed Faile's slight suspicion of Vanin, but now… I mean, the guy is known to be a really great thief. I hope he's not up to something, but I'm afraid they are. Faile's trying to catch whoever it was, feigning sleep. She's also hidden the Horn outside their tent just in case.
But then they hear a scream from where they did hide the Horn, and rushing out, they find Vanin with the Horn, who throws it and runs away at their cries. Meanwhile, the cause of the scream – some random Blight animals, attack the party. They manage to survive the onslaught and decide to ride off into the night, before Vanin or some other danger can find them again.
Damn. Vanin too. Bloody everyone is a Darkfriend. I hate how they're so unexpected at times. Like Sheriam.
Unchangeable Things
The pit of blackness in Shayol Ghul is behaving even more like a blackhole – apart from blackness and time dilation, it is now exerting a strong pull, and has already stolen Nynaeve's shawl, who's holding on for dear life. While on the outside all sorts of crazy stuff has happened, in Nynaeve's timeline, only an hour has passed.
Nynaeve spots a woman in the cave, and going to her, finds that it's Alanna, bleeding to death. It's a trap for Rand! When Alanna dies, Rand's going to go crazy and so vulnerable. Nynaeve can't heal them because Rand is taking all their power. Well you're wisdom! Figure it out!!
Mat's preparing the battlefield and their men for the coming fight. He's teaching a group to fight with a quarterstaff. Egwene comes to talk to him. They ask them where the Horn is, but of course Egwene doesn't know it's in the Blight, on its way to Shayol Ghul. They tell them that there is no option to retreat this time. They are running out of resources, and the longer this fight stretches, the stronger the shadow is going to get. And then Mat senses the enemies coming, and so it is about to begin.
Perrin, weak and almost delirious, finally figures how to get back to the real world. How do you get out of a dream? You wake up. I love it. Makes so much sense!
Well, that's it. This post is a bit rushed, and late – for good reason. My first nice little draft of it got lost! Now my college internet is going down, so better post this fast! Next post is going to be just one chapter. You know which one.
Advertisements
“I will be introducing, as I have in the past, a single-payer system and the reasons are pretty obvious,” Senator Bernie Sanders said in a Monday Facebook Live appearance with Senator Elizabeth Warren . The purpose of the event was to discuss opposition to the Republican health care proposal . “No. 1: I happen to believe, and you happen to believe, that health care is a right for all people.”
Sanders has previously introduced single-payer health care bills in the past, proposing Medicare-style coverage for all. In the video, Warren echoed language from Sanders's 2016 presidential campaign, calling health care “a basic human right.”
Warren added, “I agree that now is the time to put on the table the fundamental question: move to single payer?”
[Photo: Flickr user Gage Skidmore]
I was one of the Judges at the 2000AD Pitchfest at Thought Bubble on the weekend, and while there were some good ideas there by several of the entrents (and God knows, having to stand onstage and pitch your story to a room full of people and a panel of professional writers is a terrifying prospect and I have respect for anyone who gave it a go) I felt there was a certain lack of basic structural points in the majority of the pitches.
Structure's so important to writing. There were some perfectly valid, visually cool, potentially resonent stories pitched during that hour, but without structure you've got the classic ‘house with no foundations'. It should also be said that having a sense of the craft of storytelling is how you become a professional. Pro writers aren't always struck by the muse. Don't necessarily have ‘so many stories in my head that I HAVE to get them out.' The ‘muse' happens within the structure. It's the pins in the map for beats that you absolutely have to hit on your journey that stop you wandering off into the wilderness or staring for hours at the window waiting for an idea to hit you. Or, far more likely, disappearing up your own arse.
Without structure you get the classic – Oh, I got two-thirds through the story but I don't know where it goes.
So, here's some BASICS (emphasis on). And yes, all these rules can be subverted once you know what you're doing and and you can be FAR cleverer than this down the road. But stories, and pitches to editors, should have these points clearly defined up front:
Who is the protagonist? What do they want? (the most important thing in your story, you could argue) What's stopping them getting it (drama! – here's where an antagonist usually comes in)
A basic three-act structure usually runs like this:
First 25% – Who is protagonist? What is the world they inhabit that is at threat?
Then an ‘Inciting incident' occurs and the world is thrown into turmoil. The protagonist WANTS something and begins their journey.
Middle 50% – Obstacles occur and usually increase in difficulty. This is the drama. The protagonist wants something. They cannot get it.
Then you get your ‘Third act twist' (something big changes) at the start of the…
Final 25% – Resolution. The protagonist either gets what they want or doesn't, according to the theme.
Theme's bigger for me than for some writers. I like to know what it is going in. And it occasionally changes along the way. But for me one of the maxims in your third act resolution is that ‘the theme suggests what the third act resolution will be'. It either proves the theme correct or disproves it.
The perfect basic three-act structure is Jaws:
First Act – Sherrif Brody has moved to new town, wants to protect their family, shark starts eating people. (Actually, the inciting incident occurs here in the first scene – the shark eats the swimming girl, Brody is called in). The world is now in a state of flux. There's a problem that needs solving.
Second Act – Brody attempts to protect tourists and their family against the shark while staying on land due to their fear of the water (hey, character work!)
Third Act – (twist) They head out to sea to hunt the thing that's been hunting them.
In the context of a four-page Future Shock for 2000AD (four pages – not easy), you have zero room to mess around. A story depends on momentum and needs to move forward – one of my comments at the pitchfest was ‘no flashbacks'. You don't have time to look back. Characters will reveal themselves via the choices they make in your story, not what happened to them in the past. Watch John Carpenter's The Thing – all we get to know about McReady at the start is they like playing chess vs. the computer and loses. But from the moment the dog runs into camp we're with them and their choices all the way.
Anyway, I digress, and this is a bit of an info dump. But a four-page Future Shock should really be:
PG 1 (first 25%) – protagonist, world, inciting incident, WANT.
PGS 2 & 3 (middle 50%) – Obstacles.
PG 4 (final 25%) – BIG TWIST (inherent in a Future Shock) Resolution.
Not readily applicable for a Future Shock but I really like Dan Harmon's (Community) circular story structure paradigm. It runs like this.
A character is in a zone of comfort. But they want something. They enter an unfamiliar situation. Adapt to it. Get what they wanted. Pay a heavy price for it. Then return to their familiar situation. Having changed.
Harmon goes into way more detail than this – I'm sure you can track it down. And there's a definite sense of character arc here, which is vital. At the end of the story the protagonist is not the same person they were at the start.
Also, here's some suggested reading. There's good practice in these books. And while I appreciate that some might moan and claim that they can lead to formulaic writing I'd still say that you'd better learn basic chords and scales before you start ripping it up and revealing yourself to be Miles Davis.
Get these on your Christmas list:
A Whore's Profession, David Mamet (There's an excellent transcript of a lecture Mamet gave to film students in this which is filled with brilliant advice).
Story, Robert McKee
Save The Cat, Blake Snyder
Into The Woods, John Yorke
Writer's Journey, Christopher Vogler
On Writing, Stephen King.
When I first started writing I felt it was all about ‘talent' and stories just dropped to some from the ether. Not true. Writing is actually a craft. You learn the rules and you practice and you get better at it.
It's the story of Arnold Palmer being in a bunker, getting a good contact and rolling their shot into the hole. Their opponent says: “Lucky bastard.” And Palmer replies: “Yes, and you know what? The more I practice the luckier I get.”
UPDATE – one thing occurred to me that I should have mentioned here, especially in regard to Future Shocks where it's paramount – recognise and subvert the cliche.
This is possibly one of the toughest things to do as a writer because cliches just drop in our path continually as, probably, the first solution to your story problem that comes to mind. They're easy to embrace. And avoiding them comes down to a question of taste and smarts, really. But ask yourself this very important question about the big twist at the end of your Future Shock:
“Is it a cliche?”
If the answer is yes, don't despair. Use that cliche. Subvert it. If it suggests going right, go left instead. A really easy, useful writing trick is just to ‘flip it.' Take a cliche, turn it on its head. Suddenly you're hailed as a genius.
A couple of the story ideas in the Future Shock competition at Thought Bubble concerned going back in time to take out a vile dicatator before they became the vile dicatator. That, I'm sorry to say, is about as cliche a Future Shock idea that you can come up. BUT, there's no reason you can't make it work to your advantage and have fun with it. Take the cliche and readers' expectations and then, at the last minute, do something leftfield and unexpected with it. Take the piss, show the reader that you ‘recognised the cliche' and were smart enough to swerve it and go in another direction.
At this point I should probably say that the first Future Shock idea I ever sent to 2000AD was called “the most unoriginal Future Shock idea we've ever received at 2000AD” by then editor David Bishop. We learn from our mistakes. Hopefully…
Al Ewing once wrote an excellent mini-comic called ‘The Ultimate Future Shock' which pretty much contained every sci-fi trope or cliche in it, and took the piss out of all of them in the process. Sci-fi, more than most genres, seems to offer up way too many tantalisingly easy cliches to the writer. It's a minefield avoiding them.
Certain phrases should make your CLICHE-OMETER claxon go off – “Dystopian Future” would make me throw a pitch to the wastepaper basket unless the writer showed pretty quick that they knew they were heading down a very well trodden path and had something fun and fresh and smart to say.
Part of good storytelling is being ahead of the reader. Tell them that you're taking them down one path and then, just as they're feeling comfortable and safe, pushing them through the trapdoor to the left.
A 25-year-old Texas man publicly identified themselves this week as the second alleged victim of sexual abuse by a former pastor.
“I decided it's time for someone to come out to show others who may be victims and who are scared or embarrassed that they aren't alone,” Jacob Thibodeaux told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. “I receive no reward for this, and I'll probably be shamed by members of the church more so than being applauded, which I'm fine with.”
Thibodeaux said they were a junior in high school when Cowboy Way Church pastor Dan Haby kissed them inappropriately after taking them out to dinner, then inviting them into a room in a Fort Worth home in which Haby was living at the time.
“He just started talking to me about my sexual encounters with my girlfriend, about how many times I masturbated a week — just real awkward conversation,” Thibodeaux said. Haby also allegedly asked them to take off their shirt while standing in front of a mirror, which was the only piece of furniture in the room. Thibodeaux refused.
Haby, now 51 years old, was initially arrested this past July for allegedly molesting another teen boy in 2000 and 2001, when they were the pastor at Stockyards Community Church. Haby has been the lead pastor at Cowboy Way since 2005. WFAA-TV reported that their wife, Melanie, is also a pastor there.
Thibodeaux first contacted authorities nearly a month after Haby's arrest.
Haby was charged with indecency with a child by sexual contact after authorities were contacted by a third man in connection with an incident at a local restaurant in 2006 or 2007. They have not delivered sermons at their church since their initial arrest.
“These accusations, and the source of the accusations, have no basis in fact,” Haby's lawyer, Mark Daniel, said in a statement. “We will be prepared to defend against them at the appropriate time.”
Thibodeaux told the Telegram that they were ready to forgive Haby, until they thought of how they would feel if someone abused their two daughters.
“I found them to be a charming and lovable guy,” Thibodeaux said. “He knows almost everything about me. I've confided some of my darkest secrets with him. I trusted him, and with my actions, I feel a sense of betrayal deep in my heart. But my feelings for Dan don't turn the wrong into right.”
Auditors for the office that oversees the approval of all federal security clearances have apparently located the most productive federal contract worker in America.
An unnamed employee at U.S. Investigative Services (known as USIS) — the same private company that processed Edward Snowden's clearance to work at the NSA — managed to review a startling 15,152 clearance cases in a single month during fiscal 2013, according to an Office of Personnel Management inspector general's report.
USIS is a private firm spun off from the government that does the arduous work of investigating the loyalty and integrity of applicants for sensitive federal jobs. Qualified officials are supposed to review information drawn from background investigations before granting some security clearance.
OPM pays USIS to verify that the right data was assembled into a single package for final review. Figuring a 40-hour work week, the employee cited in the IG report reviewed 1 ½ cases a minute, a pace the OPM's watchdog called, with some understatement, “abnormal.”
It is not clear if the person still works at USIS, since the company declined to say. But in response to questions, OPM said on June 16 that the person no longer works on the agency's contract. OPM spokesperson Lindsey S. O'Keefe declined to say however how many clearances USIS is presently processing and where those applicants want to work in the federal government.
The two entities — still bound together by the purchase of "support services" and investigative fieldwork — are essentially in duck-and-cover mode in the wake of a Jan. 22 Justice Department filing that accused USIS of deliberately defrauding the government from March 2008 through at least September 2012, by pretending it conducted quality data reviews that never occurred. The Justice Department said USIS did this as matter of official policy, motivated by greed.
In its response at the time, USIS said the allegations “relate to a small group of individuals over a specific time period” and that it has new leadership and better oversees its workers now. Allegations against the firm attracted particular notice because one of those whose application it processed was Edward Snowden.
There's more to this story. Click here to read the rest at the Center for Public Integrity.
This story is part of National Security. Click here to read more stories in this topic.
Related stories
Copyright 2014 The Center for Public Integrity. This story was published by The Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit, nonpartisan investigative news organization in Washington, D.C.
PDC World Championship final
Venue: Alexandra Palace, London Date: Tuesday 1 January 2013 Coverage: Live text commentary of the final on the BBC Sport website
Dutchman Michael van Gerwen hit a nine-dart leg on the way to a PDC World Championship semi-final victory over James Wade.
The 23-year-old landed 180, 177 and finished 144 with double 12 as part of a 6-4 victory.
Van Gerwen is the second man to achieve perfection in the 2013 tournament after Dean Winstanley hit a nine-darter against Vincent van der Voort.
They will meet 15-time world champion Phil Taylor in the final.
PDC world nine-darters Raymond van Barneveld v Jelle Klaasen, 2009 quarter-finals Raymond van Barneveld v Brendan Dolan, 2010 second round Adrian Lewis v Gary Anderson, 2011 final Dean Winstanley v Vincent van der Voort, 2013 second round Michael van Gerwen v James Wade, 2013 semi-final
World number one Taylor survived a Raymond van Barneveld fightback to earn a 6-4 victory in the second last-four clash.
Van Barneveld - twice - and Adrian Lewis are the only players to have thrown perfect legs in the PDC World Championship.
But Van Gerwen went close to creating their own piece of history when they missed out on becoming the first man to hit successive nine-darters.
The number seven seed had only just finished celebrating their third televised nine-dart leg when they hit a further eight accurate arrows.
However, unlike the previous stanza, Van Gerwen just fell inside the double 12.
"I have never done it in practice [successive nine-darters]. I was close but I didn't do it," said Van Gerwen.
"I was very concentrated. I thought to myself 'carry on' because I was 2-1 down. I still lost that set but it is not about nine-darters, it is about winning games and I am happy with myself for getting into the final."
Like their quarter-final victory over 2011 and 2012 champion Lewis, Van Gerwen outscored Wade, but the number three seed refused to lie down.
Indeed, even after Van Gerwen threw the nine-darter, Wade was still able to win the fifth set as they fought back from 3-1 down to level at 3-3.
Doubles were often Van Gerwen's undoing - the missed 11 in the second leg of the match - but such was their superior scoring over Wade, who did not hit a maximum 180 until the eighth set, the left-hander was always up against it.
And so it proved, with Van Gerwen breaking Wade's throw in the seventh set to regain a lead they would not relinquish.
They closed out victory in the 10th set to reach their first World Championship final, finishing with a match average of 97.87, more than 10 points better than Wade, who was defeated in a third world semi.
MSP police vehicles are seen in this Gannett Michigan file photo. (Photo: File photo)
There have been three investigations of fatal officer-involved shootings in mid-Michigan since December and the investigating agency didn't interview any of the officers, who instead opted to submit written reports.
Along with whether to be interviewed, officers involved in a fatal shooting can decide when to be interviewed, which is often two or more days — two sleep cycles — after the incident.
Exactly how much time elapses before that first interview is determined by the officer and the union that represents them or her, said First Lt. Joseph Thomas of the Michigan State Police.
The differences between a fatal officer-involved shooting and a typical homicide investigation — specifically with when the interview might take place — are there because when an officer kills, it's not automatically clear that a crime has been committed, said David Carter, a professor of criminal justice at Michigan State University.
"What the officers are doing is making the decision of lawful use of force," they said. "... It is not a shooting investigation interview, in the traditional sense. It's a policy compliance interview that might have criminal implications."
Whether to ask an outside agency to investigate is at the discretion of the officer's department, with the MSP as the most common choice. A bill proposed in the state Legislature would require an outside investigation for all officer-related deaths and a public release of the investigation if no charges are filed.
The State Police conducted the investigation of the fatal officer-involved shooting of a teen by an Eaton County Sheriff's sergeant in February. It was a decision the department made soon after the shooting, Eaton County Prosecutor Doug Lloyd said during the press conference earlier this week when they announced they would not seek charges against the sergeant.
During that investigation, the sergeant declined to be interviewed by State Police investigators, Lloyd said. Investigators did have their report on the incident, which they filed in the course of their job. They were able to review their body camera footage before filing their report.
The Lansing Township Police Department officers involved in a fatal shooting in December and the Eaton County Sheriff's deputies involved in a separate fatal shooting in February also submitted reports, but weren't interviewed by MSP investigators.
"More times than not we are able to get an interview with the officer," Thomas said. "And before that, they can consult with an attorney."
Thomas wasn't directly involved in any of the recent officer-involved shooting investigations, but ensures those investigations have the resources they need, they said.
The officers can consult with an attorney and review their report before the interview because they have the same rights as any other citizen who is the subject of a criminal investigation, Thomas said.
The delay in the interview can vary depending on the department and the union, they said, but Thomas said they don't believe it hurts the investigation.
Freedom of Information Act requests by the State Journal found some local law enforcement agencies have written procedures for seeking an outside investigation and others don't or declined to release them.
The State Police and the Lansing Police Department released their procedures with some portions redacted. The sheriff's departments in Ingham and Clinton counties and the East Lansing Police Department denied the requests, citing an exception that the release would interfere with law enforcement proceedings. The Eaton County Sheriff's Office said it had no written procedure.
After the criminal investigation of an officer-involved shooting, the department can conduct an internal investigation into whether the officer followed departmental procedures. The officer can be compelled to make a statement at that time, although it can't be used against them or them in court.
The result of an internal investigation can lead to discipline or termination if it is found that the officer didn't follow certain procedures. The internal investigations for the recent officer-involved shootings haven't been completed yet.
There also are citizen reviews of officer-involved shootings in at least one local community, based on records obtained by the State Journal. The Lansing Police Department has a citizen review element in its policy. But recommendations by citizen reviews for punishment or even for officer fault are more lenient than law enforcement decisions of the same situations, Carter said.
Lansing Police have had written guidelines for seeking an outside agency for criminal investigations of officers since 2007, and in 2001 set a policy for handling critical incidents, which include officer-involved shootings.
Lansing Police Chief Mike Yankowski said it's important for the department to have the procedures and follow them because it helps retain and grow the public's trust.
"We want to make sure that our public knows and understands the extent of the issues," they said. "There are rights to all the individuals." And that includes the officer, the victim and the public, they added.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1LmUTmI
ACCOUNTING FOR ACCOUNTABILITY 10 Most 'Accountable' Big Companies Fortune partnered with AccountAbility and CSRnetwork to rank the world's 100 largest corporations by the quality of their commitment to social and environmental goals. A BP solar array on the roof of the check-in concourse of Munich Airport's new Terminal 2 in Germany. 1 of 10 1. BP Accountability score: 75.2 2006 rank: 2 Global 500 rank: 4 The world's second-biggest company reclaims the top spot on our list from Vodafone, the leader on last year's list. BP has led its industry in the research and development of wind, solar, and carbon-dioxide sequestration technologies. But new CEO Tony Hayward's core focus is getting new oil and gas projects online, like fields in Azerbaijan, Angola, Indonesia, and the Gulf of Mexico. That pleases shareholders and helps to lower prices for consumers through increased supply - a goal BP considers a core part of its social responsibility. Despite two years of major accidents - a pipeline spill in 2006 and a refinery explosion in 2005 - BP earned points for replacing several executives at those businesses. What do you think of the Most Accountable Companies? The world's second-biggest company reclaims the top spot on our list from Vodafone, the leader on last year's list. BP has led its industry in the research and development of wind, solar, and carbon-dioxide sequestration technologies. But new CEO Tony Hayward's core focus is getting new oil and gas projects online, like fields in Azerbaijan, Angola, Indonesia, and the Gulf of Mexico. That pleases shareholders and helps to lower prices for consumers through increased supply - a goal BP considers a core part of its social responsibility. Despite two years of major accidents - a pipeline spill in 2006 and a refinery explosion in 2005 - BP earned points for replacing several executives at those businesses.
BP
Barclays
ENI
HSBC
Vodafone
Shell
Peugeot
HBOS
Chevron
DaimlerChrysler
We all know how thick The Rules of Golf is and how tricky it is to really know all the ins and outs. But when you're playing golf for a living, it pays—literally—to understand when you can use a rule to your advantage.
Case in point: Sunday's final round of the RBC Canadian Open. On the par-3 12th hole, third-round leader Charley Hoffman, playing in the final group chunked their tee shot into a greenside bunker, leaving themselves with a hideous fried-egg lie.
Seriously, look at this.
As Hoffman tried to get a stance to play the shot, they noticed something going on under their feet. So they decided to call in a rules officials to ask about what appeared from CBS's telecast to be their feet digging into some concrete in the bottom of the bunker.
After a few minutes, the rules official decided Hoffman deserved relief because of the stance, allowing them to remove their ball from the ugly lie and take a drop in the bunker without penalty. While they got another semi-fried-egg lie, it was far better than their original.
The turn of events didn't go unnoticed by Hoffman's playing partner (and good friend) Kevin Chappell. As they watched the proceeding play out, Chappell couldn't bite their tongue.
"That is so generous," Chappell was caught saying by the CBS camera and mic showing the entire episode. Chappell was trailing Hoffman at the time, and their exchange sounds like it was all in good fun, as you can see in the video below. However, when listening to the next portion of the video, you might want to have your kids go into earmuff mode.
"Look at that s***-eating grin on their face," Chappell says to the rules official.
To which Hoffman had arguably the best comeback in the history of "yeah-that-was-fortunate" comebacks.
"Hey man, rules," Hoffman says back.
Oh, by the way, Hoffman still flubbed the bunker shot and wound up making a bogey on the hole. As Dottie Pepper jokingly noted on the broadcast: "Some could say that might be karma."
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Mitt Romney speaks to supporters during their failed presidential campaign, September 11, 2012. Romney was a proponent of regressive tax policies that would favor the rich. (Photo: Joseph Sohm / Shutterstock.com)
The reason most of us have seen little gain from economic growth over the last three decades is that the rich have rigged the rules to ensure that money flows upward. Through their control of trade policy, Federal Reserve Board policy, and other key levers of government, they have structured the market to weaken the bargaining power of ordinary workers and benefit the CEOs and Wall Street crew. As a result, the typical worker has seen almost none of the gains from economic growth over the last four decades.
Most of this rigging comes in before-tax income. The big gains to the rich have not been primarily because they have become better at avoiding taxes than they were four decades ago, but there are some notable exceptions. At the top of this list is the fund managers' tax break (a.k.a. the carried interest tax deduction). As tens of millions of people prepare to file their tax returns this week, it is a good opportunity to celebrate this tax deduction which gives billions of dollars every year to some of the richest people in the country for no reason whatsoever.
Many issues in tax law are complicated; the fund managers' tax break is not. It's just a good old-fashioned rip-off of ordinary taxpayers for the benefit of the wealthy. The basic point is very simple. The fund managers' tax break allows managers of hedge funds, private equity funds and various other investment funds to have much of their pay taxed at the capital gains tax rate rather than the tax rate applied to wage income.
At present this will typically mean a savings of almost 20 percentage points since the capital gains tax rate for the rich is 20 percent, compared to a 39.6 percent tax rate on ordinary wage income. The people who benefit from this tax break include some of the richest people in the country. Typically these fund managers earn paychecks that run well into the millions. Earnings in the tens of millions annually, or even hundreds of millions are not uncommon. (Think of Mitt Romney. They were one of the beneficiaries of the fund managers' tax break.)
The fund managers' tax break is real money for the people affected. In the case of a fund manager looking at $100 million in carried interest income the tax break will mean an additional $20 million in their pockets. To put this in perspective, this is equal to 150,000 months of food stamps for the typical beneficiary.
The rationale for giving the super-rich a lower tax rate on this money is that they are paid based on what they earn for their clients. Typically, the “carried interest” is equal to 20 percent of the earnings of a fund over some threshold. In other words, the fund managers are paid partly on a commission.
In this way fund managers don't differ from millions of other workers in the economy. Realtors, car salespeople, even clerks in clothing stores or shoe stores typically get much of their pay on commission. The difference between these workers and the super-rich who run hedge funds and private equity funds is that ordinary workers have to pay the same tax rate on their earnings regardless of whether they are paid a straight salary or whether they earned it as a commission. It is only the fund managers who get to have their earnings taxed at a lower rate because they earned them on a commission.
There has been considerable discussion in the last year over inequality. Some have argued that increase in inequality over the last three decades is an inevitable part of capitalism, or at least that this inequality has been necessary to sustain that growth the benefits everyone.
It is difficult to see anything inevitable about the fund managers' tax break. Surely it is possible to envision a less corrupt Congress that doesn't make up tax rules exclusively to benefit the very rich. It is also difficult to see how the economy benefits from creating tax loopholes that cause people to spend their time gaming the tax code rather than doing productive work.
If presidential candidates and other political figures are serious about addressing inequality, it would be difficult to envision a better place to start than eliminating the fund managers' tax break. There are serious policy questions around many other measures to reduce inequality. On the fund managers' tax break there are none.
It's really pretty simple: Handing taxpayers' money to some of the richest people in the country increases inequality.
The new encyclical from Pope Francis, due to be officially released tomorrow, is sure to contain at least one claim that the rich are somehow getting rich off the backs of the poor. On a certain level, this is no doubt true: the wealthy are more able to influence state institutions, and are thus more readily able to use state powers — such as taxation and regulation — to exploit others to their own benefit. But that's not what Francis means. Francis means that markets are bad for the poor.
This is an empirical claim, of course, and also one outside the Bishop of Rome's prerogatives, which are limited to interpretations of moral theology and divine revelation. And it's a good thing too, since the claim that markets are especially hard on the poor is demonstrably and empirically false.
After the release of the 2013 encyclical Evangelii Gaudium, Nicolas Cachanosky addressed these empirical facts in detail. Their article explored multiple indicators of income disparity and real measures of poverty. The data adds up in favor of markets:
[T]he effect produced by the Evangelii Gaudium on public opinion invites us to review some general indicators of social and economic welfare in countries that are more and less inclined to free markets. Is it true that the free market leaves the homeless and marginalized the less wealthy? How much truth and how much myth is in the so-widespread criticism of “evil capitalism”? What Pope Francis expresses is ultimately a reflection of a widespread belief across a number of sectors in most countries around the world. It is easy to get an overview of the economic and social situation of more and less free market countries if we group them into four categories according to their economic freedom. This allows a gradient of results and to observe differences between more and less free countries. It is important to note that the data of all countries must be observed, and not chosen, for example, from only a few (more details here). This would allow both an advocate and a critic of free market to choose a couple of countries at their convenience. Is the entire sample, not ad hoc selection, what should be used as reference. Let us consider, then, some economic and social data from countries around the world according to their economic freedom... ...Some brief concluding remarks. First, advocates of free market do not hold that such an economic system is perfect. But it does not help wealth creation and poverty reduction to promote market interventions with worse results than free markets because free markets are not perfect. It is unwise to make the lack of perfection the excuse to promote less efficient institutional arrangements. Second, these results hold if we look, for example, at differences in the countries that are most and least free constraining the sample only to small countries. That is, this data is not the result of an effect of “large countries” where, just for being a large country, indicators show better results. Third, the same results are also observed if we separate between more and less free countries within the 25% the least free countries. This means that the theory of international exploitation does not hold. Within the least free countries, more free economies have better economic and social indicators than the least free economies in the worldwide group of the least free.
Read the full article.
Sydney (CNN) -- Vast flooding covering much of eastern Australia could remain for weeks, as more than 1,200 residents remain out of deluged homes Wednesday.
As of late Wednesday night, the Fitzroy River was hovering around 9.2 meters (30 feet), CNN meteorologist Jennifer Delgado said.
"The river has crested, it appears, and it looks like it is going to be slowly falling as we go through the next several days," Delgado said.
Are you there? Send us your video and photos via iReport
By next week, floodwaters could remain at levels of about 8.5 meters (28 feet), Delgado said, but flooding could still affect the region for "several weeks."
The seasonal flooding in the state of Queensland intensified last month after monsoon rains caused rivers to spill over their banks and reach record levels. The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined and now stretch into the state of New South Wales.
Images from CNN affiliate Seven Network Australia showed residents traveling down the streets in boats. From the sky, the tops of houses and trees poked out from seas of murky brown water. Snakes whipped about from under the water's surface.
Flooding fueled by cyclone, La Nina
Neil Roberts, Queensland minister for police, corrective services and emergency services, said Wednesday that 1,200 to 1,500 people had to be evacuated in parts of Queensland. Roberts said some residents probably can't return to their homes for at least another week.
They said the recovery could take "many months, and potentially over a year."
Roberts said the government had an emergency cabinet meeting Wednesday and appointed a major general to lead a recovery task force.
The flooding has affected the global transport of commodities such as coal and steel, as rail lines used to move such goods out of Queensland have been destroyed.
Forecasters predict even more rain in the coming days. Delgado said 20 centimeters (8 inches) could fall through Thursday.
On Tuesday, relief teams continued rushing supplies into the eastern city of Rockhampton. In some of the state's more rural areas, farmers said they were scrambling to send tons of crops out before waters damaged them and flooding made their transport impossible.
Police said 10 people have died as a result of flooding since November 30 -- many of them swept away by swift waters.
An airport in Rockhampton, a city of about 75,000 people, closed Sunday and was expected to remain closed for weeks, according to Emergency Management Queensland.
At least 200,000 people have been affected by prolonged flooding, police have said.
Police have warned residents who have been allowed to return to their homes about placing valuables outside to dry, saying some people could be tempted to take such items. Additional police have been deployed to affected communities.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard has urged residents to stay away from the floodwater. On Friday, they toured the devastation and said the flooding in Queensland will cost "hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars."
Journalist Michael Best contributed to this report.
WHAT: Army helicopters from the Army Aviation Centre Oakey will rehearse for their Riverfire display on Saturday
WHERE: Over western Brisbane to the South Bank reach of the Brisbane River.
WHEN: Wednesday, 23 September 4pm – 6.30pm
WHO: Air crews
Two Army ARH Tigers (Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter) and two MRH Taipans (Multi Role Helicopter) will provide handling displays over the South Bank reach of the Brisbane River as part of the Riverfire celebrations on Saturday 23 September.
The helicopters will rehearse their exciting display this Wednesday (23 September), between 4pm and 6.30pm.
Throughout the flypast, the helicopters will fly at or above 70m (200ft) over the CBD and built-up areas and not below 15m (50ft) over the Brisbane River.
They will firstly fly over the Brisbane CBD, continue up the arms of the Brisbane River and back over north and south of the CBD before returning to the Army Aviation Centre Oakey..
Brisbane residents and CBD workers should not be alarmed to see the distinctive military helicopters flying low through the city.
.
.
.
.
.
AFP/Getty Images Bitcoin is used as a currency in some stores, even though it doesn't have the backing of a central bank or government.
Bitcoin has come a long way, from a mysterious and controversial crypto-currency to a widely known medium of exchange.
Although faced with occasional challenges (such as the MtGox bitcoin heist, Silk Road incident or China's regulatory stance), the bitcoin community remains unshaken, showing a surprising amount of resilience and trust in the digital currency.
As time passed, many new altcoin variants (alternatives to bitcoin) have sprung to life, the most notable of which are Litecoin and Peercoin. Litecoin is advertised as faster and more efficient, and Peercoin uses the concept of proof-of-stake, which means you gain Peercoins based on the amount of the currency you hold and not on your computer's processing power, as is the case with bitcoin.
Bitcoin this year gained enough momentum to become a market-disrupting force. More than 60,000 businesses now accept the currency (Dish Network DISH, -0.09% joined in August), and the value of venture-capital investments made in bitcoin jumped 28% in the second quarter from the first quarter.
So what will be the trends, and challenges, in the years ahead?
Bitcoin may become a new “Western Union”: This is what one Reddit user said:
“Bitcoin and Circle just solved my remittance problem. I live in Belarus, people. I receive my salary here, in a local bank account tied to a debit card in U.S. dollars. One of my big problems is transferring my salary back to my U.S. account with minimal fees so that I can make payments on student loans and such.
“With Circle, I can now send any amount of money to my Coinbase account to be withdrawn to my local bank account with negligible transaction fees. This is a game changer, folks. I don't care if bitcoin's value drops to $0.10; it's now the only way I'm going to be transferring money.”
Alternative currencies are disrupting the way money transfer is handled worldwide. With services like Circle, money transfers are now becoming instant, secure and free — as they should be.
Big companies are signing on: There are already plenty of large companies to spend your hard-earned bitcoin on, like Newegg, Amazon.com AMZN, +0.21% and TigerDirect, to name a few. The world is slowly warming up to the concept of digital currencies much faster with big players helping the transition.
Bitcoin is changing the way we shop: As foreign exchange gains a digital dimension, we can expect shopping to do the same. That means fewer brick-and-mortar stores. Thanks to digital currencies, payments will become invisible and hassle-free.
Regulatory climate warms up: While China is quietly warming up to bitcoin after initially being wary, Russia is openly considering a ban by 2015. That would make it the third country to try to ban bitcoin after Ecuador and Bolivia.
Still, there are many countries that accept bitcoin. As the world gets more connected and online international trade increases, it's my belief that repressive measures will slowly recede.
Blockchain (r)evolution: What is blockchain? To use conventional banking as an analogy, the blockchain can be compared to a list of banking transactions. However, it is much more than that.
Jon Evans from TechCrunch explains:
“The ‘blockchain' — the engine on which Bitcoin is built — is a new kind of distributed consensus system that allows transactions, or other data, to be securely stored and verified without any centralized authority at all, because (to grossly oversimplify) they are validated by the entire network. Those transactions don't have to be financial; that data doesn't have to be money. The engine that powers bitcoin can be used for a whole array of other applications.”
One such (awesome) example is Maidsafe, a Scottish company with a brilliant idea to use its own technology of decentralized consensus, much like blockchain, to create a version of the Internet — safe from hackers and prying government eyes, but good enough for developers and for sharing information.
In spite of the turmoil, things are looking up for digital currencies. With the new year around the corner, it will be interesting to see what the future brings. Maybe your 2015 Christmas stockings will be filled with bitcoin-purchased gadgets?
Google's autocomplete search results favor Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump when someone attempts to find out how they can vote for either candidate. Trump's name is completely omitted from the autocomplete results.
Google's website explains that autocomplete results derive from where you are searching from, the terms you are searching, and what other people are searching. Daily Caller reporters in heavily-Republican and heavily-Democratic locations have gotten the same results as above.
Google pointed TheDC to a blog post that said: “Autocomplete isn't an exact science, and the output of the prediction algorithms changes frequently. Predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity and freshness of search terms.”
This bias towards Clinton does not appear when one searches “How do I vote for.”
The release of Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta's emails by WikiLeaks revealed that Eric Schmidt, CEO of Google's parent company, is working directly with the Clinton campaign. The emails also revealed that Podesta reached out to Schmidt to set up a meeting with campaign manager Robby Mook. (RELATED: Julian Assange: Google Is In Bed With Hillary's Campaign)
Search us! Search The Word Detective and our family of websites: This is the easiest way to find a column on a particular word or phrase. To search for a specific phrase, put it between quotation marks. Comments are closed. Unfortunately, new comments on posts on this site have been suspended because of my illness. Previously approved comments will remain visible. I deeply appreciate the erudition and energy of our commenters. Your contributions to this site have been invaluable. But I can no longer devote the time necessary to separate good comments from the hundreds of spam comments submitted. Because Wordpress weirdly doesn't allow me to simply turn off comments en masse, comment boxes will still appear at the foot of posts.
Brat Home Kit and Caboodle » Cleave Things fall apart, or not. Dear Word Detective: I was reading a story about the Round Table the other day. In this novel there was a discussion about the past tense of “cleave.” It ended with a fish being “clooved,” and there was no definite answer. What is the past tense of “cleave”? I thought it might be “cleaved,” “clave,” “claved” “clove” or, I think my best guess, “cloven.” I couldn't find out. I don't have a good dictionary, either. My parents can't help me on this one. Can you? — Cora. No good dictionary? Horrors. A house without a good dictionary is like a house without … I was going to say “phone book,” but I can't remember the last time I saw one around here. Well, anyway, you actually do have access to a couple of good, trustworthy dictionaries online. One is at Merriam-Webster.com (or just m-w.com). The other is at Yahoo Reference, and if you manage to navigate through through the unnecessarily byzantine interface at education.yahoo.com, you'll find the excellent American Heritage Dictionary (which used to be parked at Bartleby.com). You should also check the website of your local public library; many libraries offer their members free access to the Oxford English Dictionary Online. “Cleave” is, as you've already discovered, a tricky little word. It's often cited as an “auto-antonym,” a word which can mean its own opposite, because “cleave” can be used to mean both “to split apart” and “to stick together.” Some such pairs of words (also called “Janus words,” after the Roman god with two faces) are actually the same word with contradictory senses developed over time (e.g., “fast,” moving quickly, and “fast,” securely attached). The two senses of “cleave,” however, are two entirely separate words, with different origins, that just happen to share the same spelling. “Cleave” meaning “to split, divide, separate” first appeared in Old English in the form “cleofan,” derived from Germanic roots with the general sense of “to split or cut.” The original meaning of this “cleave” in English was “to part along the grain,” as in splitting wood for a fire, but today we use it to mean simply “to cut in two, divide.” The other “cleave,” meaning “to adhere to, stick to,” also harks back to a Germanic root, in this case the same one that eventually gave us the word “glue.” Along with its literal sense of “stick to” (“Huge masses of masonry, which seem to cleave to the bare rock,” 1867), this “cleave” has long been used in the warm and fuzzy sense of “to remain attached, devoted, or faithful to” (as in the Biblical injunction “Cleave unto that which is good”). If this all seems like a recipe for confusion between the two words, you ain't seen nothing yet. The fact that English has two “cleaves” from different sources and with entirely different meanings would, if language were logical, dictate that they each have their own distinct forms to indicate tense, etc. No such luck. As the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) explains, because the words were identical, “…their inflectional forms were naturally also confused, and to some extent blended or used indiscriminately.” Thus the antiquated past tense form “clave” belongs etymologically to “cleave” (adhere), but it has also been used off and on as the past tense of “cleave” (split). The more common form “cleaved” also serves as the past tense of both verbs. The OED has a fascinating rundown of the dizzying array of past tense and past participle forms of both words over the centuries, but I sense it's time to cut to the finish line and give you the long story short. So the existing past tense forms of “cleave” in the “split” sense are “clove,” “clave,” “cleaved” and “cleft,” and the past participle forms are “cloven,” “cloved,” “cleaved” and “cleft.” In the “adhere” sense we have “cleaved” and “clave” again for the past tense and “cleaved” for the past participle. Practically speaking, “cleaved” is probably the most popular past tense form for both words, though “cleft” for “split” is more poetic, and the participial “cloven” (“having been split”) is one of my favorite words. “Clooved,” incidentally, is a very creative, but historically non-existent, word. Tweet Pin It Brat Home Kit and Caboodle »
The Senate began its process of amending the farm bill this afternoon. Fom what I can tell from the Senate website, as of now, three amendments have received a vote so far:
Sen. Maria Cantwell's (D-WA) amendment "to allow Indian tribes to participate in certain soil and water conservation programs" passed 87-8. The eight "No" votes were all Republicans: John Cornyn (TX), Ted Cruz (TX), Ron Johnson (R-WI), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Mike Lee (R-WY), Rand Paul (R-KY), Marco Rubio (R-FL), and Pat Toomey (R-PA).
Sen. Pat Roberts's (R-KS) amendment to cut an additional $12 billion from the supplemental food assistance program (SNAP, or food stamps) failed 40-58. Three Republicans broke party lines against it: Susan Collins (ME), Lisa Murkowski (AK), and Roger Wicker (MS).
However, the amendment on which I would like to focus attention here is that of Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY). Gillibrand proposed to restore the $4 billion that the current farm bill--designed by Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) and Thad Cochran (R-MS)--cuts from SNAP (Supplemental Food Assistance, known as food stamps--as I indicated above) and to offset this restored funding with a limitation on crop insurance reimbursements. Our current crop insurance subsidies benefit large farms at the expense of smaller ones and are one of the many glaring manifestations of corporate welfare that Congress never fixes. Gillibrand's amendment would, in essence, cut corporate welfare spending to restore social welfare spending. Did this progressive proposal pass? Not even close. It failed 26-70: not even a majority of Democrats voted for it.
Which Democrats voted against restoring food stamps--voting against veterans, children, seniors, and struggling to get by?
Sen. Max Baucus (D-MT)
Sen. Michael Bennet (D-CO)
Sen. Ben Cardin (D-MD)
Sen. Tom Carper (D-DE)
Sen. Chris Coons (D-DE)
Sen. Joe Donnelly (D-IN)
Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL)
Sen. Diane Feinstein (D-CA)
Sen. Al Franken (D-MN)
Sen. Kay Hagan (D-NC)
Sen. Tom Harkin (D-IA)
Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM)
Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND)
Sen. Tim Johnson (D-SD)
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA)
Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-MN)
Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA)
Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV)
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO)
Sen. Barbara Mikulski (D-MD)
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-FL)
Sen. Mark Pryor (D-AR)
Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-WV)
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH)
Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-MI)
Sen. Jon Tester (D-MT)
Sen. Mark Udall (D-CO)
Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA)
I was shocked to see Al Franken on that list, but I'd guess it's because he's from a big agricultural state.
Now, on the positive side, who were the 26 that voted for Gillibrand's amendment?
Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI)
Sen. Mark Begich (D-AK)
Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT)
Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA)
Sen. Sherod Brown (D-OH)
Sen. Maria Cantwell (D-WA)
Sen. Robert Casey (D-PA)
Sen. Mo Cowan (D-MA)
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY)
Sen. Mazie Hirono (D-HI)
Sen. Angus King (I-ME)
Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ)
Sen. Pat Leahy (D-VT)
Sen. Carl Levin (D-MI)
Sen. Robert Menendez (D-NJ)
Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-OR)
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-CT)
Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA)
Sen. Jack Reed (D-RI)
Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV)
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI)
Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY)
Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR)
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
There's been a tremendous amount of chatter lately about the possibility of raising the Medicare eligibility age as part of a fiscal cliff deal. Why so much chatter? As near as I can tell, it's mostly because Ezra Klein wrote a piece a few days ago suggesting that “smart folks in Washington” think it will be part of a final package. This is testimony to Ezra's immense agenda-setting power among the chattering classes, since there doesn't really appear to be any additional evidence that this is actually on the table.
That's sort of off topic, but I just thought I'd mention it. Amazing guy, that Ezra. What's on topic is Adele Stan, suggesting that maybe the worm is turning and Obama won't agree to raise the Medicare age after all:
Among the Very Serious People who sometimes admit me to their enclaves, strictly with a non-voting observer status, the talk has now turned to, well, if raising the Medicare eligibility age is off the table, then what should Obama offer Boehner in exchanges for raising the tax rates on the wealthy? After all, you gotta give the guy some cover, the reasoning goes.
Can I make a suggestion? How about if John Boehner just tells us? Is there really some reason that Obama is supposed to throw up an endless succession of trial balloons, trying to find one that will make the tea party caucus happy? If Boehner really wants to slash $600 billion from Medicare—which I frankly doubt—then let's hear from them how they want to do it. It's their baby, after all. I, for one, would like Boehner to stop moaning about how the entire past week has been wasted and instead just tell us what they want. The guessing game is getting old.
POSTSCRIPT: Why do I doubt that Boehner really wants to cut $600 billion from Medicare? Well, you can do that either by cutting provider payments or by cutting benefits. Obamacare has already cut provider payments by $716 billion, and I frankly doubt that Boehner or anyone else really wants to slash them very much further at this point. And cutting benefits is really unpopular. If you include current retirees, you can kiss off your next election, but if you exclude them you won't have any effect on the deficit. It's not impossible to square this circle, but it's a pretty tough nut.
No 10 is saying there will be no TV debates cluttering up your screens in this election.
Rather than go down the route of pretending they're longing for such things to happen but the logistics might be tricky they've gone for a more open approach: forget it.
Don't expect many press conferences either or extended interviews.
Theresa May is not a huge fan of these sorts of encounters and their team think they open up risks that don't need to be taken. So the 2017 general election will make the 2015 one look like “access all areas” as far as the Tories are concerned.
I hear the manifesto will probably be a slimmed down affair too. Mrs May didn't think much of the 2015 effort with its 500 or so commitments. One minister said it was a “Christmas tree” of a document and “written without any thought to post-Brexit Britain.” But quite how much shape Mrs May wants to put on post -Brexit Britain at this stage is another matter.
What will the immigration, agriculture or state aid sections of the manifesto look like? How much will Mrs May want to spell out ring-fencing or the end of ring-fencing for some departments? What will they want to say about the pensioner triple lock in an election in which differential generational turnout could be key?
Theresa May's team have had more time to ponder these things because they knew an early election was a possibility but it's not clear how advanced the work is and whether it will be a manifesto more of themes than commitments.
Left on the cutting room floor
You've finally done it. You've written your 1200-page game bible, describing all 150 painstakingly detailed levels, 20 different boss fights, and an overarching plot that spans generations. Now comes the part where you actually, y'know, make it. You've got two years to do so, and your publisher's last 'sure-fire' project just got sent through the critical meat grinder, so your budget's been chopped in half. Aaaaaand half of your top-level staff has quit in frustration. Hope you're not married to that hours-long multi-path ending you were planning on implementing.
There are lots of reasons certain scenes get cut, whether it's due to a lack of time, hardware constraints, or the developers simply biting off more than they can chew. Sometimes, the cuts go unnoticed, and the rest of the game goes on without a hitch. Some other games don't cut enough, continuing to clumsily refer to these now non-existent events, leaving you wondering just what the hell everyone is talking about. And a surprising amount of these cuts are very many last-minute changes, as evidenced by their content's persisting but locked-off presence on the final retail disc. It's a weird old mix of stuff, alright. Ever wondered what could have been? Check out these seven amazing scenes that were cut from your favorite video games.
7. Wreck a Thanksgiving Day Parade (Ghostbusters: The Video Game)
The Ghostbusters game is famous for two things: letting players act out their favorite moments from the classic films and also for not sucking like nearly every other licensed video game. It's pure fanservice, letting you run amok in a hotel, library, sewers, and more, generally destroying everything in sight on your quest to bust as many ghosts as possible. One particular scene was supposed to take you through the streets of Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade, but was inexplicably cut.
As you can see from this tech demo, the level design and crowd AI were both in place, and if you go digging around on the disc, you'll even find some cutscenes that were supposed to take place during this parade. Had the level been included, you would have captured ghosts while riding on a float as huge balloons filled the sky. In the final game, the mayor even makes specific reference to how the Ghostbusters have wrecked "his library, museum, and parade," despite the parade never actually making it in. It's a shame, because this level sounds awesome.
6. Save Stilwater with song (Saints Row: The Third)
Saints Row: The Third's story, while full of hilarious sequences and lots and lots of crotch punching, feels a bit lacking, and some details from the official strategy guide actually shed some light on as to why. According to the guide, there were several different drafts and details that changed over the course of development. At one point, Johnny Gat was supposed to be captured instead of killed, characters like Viola and Kiki would have joined the Saints, and Shaundi was actually supposed to be off gallivanting on a reality show in Mexico.
But the best scene that was left on the editing room floor? After the bridge to Stilwater is destroyed, there was supposed to be a cutscene featuring a 'We Are The World'-style song routine as the Saints attempt to raise money to rebuild the city. I'm actually a bit saddened now, knowing that this was supposed to exist. It would have been hilarious.
5. 32 colossi, gone (Shadow of the Colossus)
A playthrough of Shadow of the Colossus will take an average player anywhere from 8-10 hours. Not too shabby for a game based solely around traversing a barren landscape filled with 16 boss fights. Now imagine that total time nearly tripled, as developer Fumito Uedo originally envisioned as many as 48 colossi available to conquer.
Realizing that 48 hulking beasts was probably a bit too much for the PlayStation 2 to handle, Ueda cut the roster down to a more manageable 24. Eight of those were also scrapped due to budget constraints and other limitations, with their only existence confirmed by their presence in the game's artbook. Among the cut colossi are a massive daddy longlegs, a phoenix, a griffon, and even a monkey. While those seem interesting enough, I'm actually even more curious about the other 24 colossi that were planned. The sheer number of them would have lead to some absolutely bonkers concepts, most of them completely unlike the 16 we actually got.
4. Samus was supposed to fight Meta Kraid (Metroid Prime)
Between fighting space pirates, battling those annoying metroids, and otherwise coping with the deadly flora and fauna of Tallon IV, Samus certainly has their hands full during their first 3D outing. Hell, they even come across a cyborg version of perpetual thorn-in-her-side Ridley, who attacks them during the penultimate boss fight. But Ridley wasn't supposed to be the only major villain making their GameCube debut. If things had gone to plan, Samus would have come across a giant, three-dimensional version of Super Metroid's Kraid.
Referred to as 'Meta Kraid' by fans, this overweight lizard was modelled, textured, and intended to be used as a boss fight in the Phazon Mines on Tallon IV. A large portion of their level was prototyped and implemented, but would have delayed Metroid Prime's release date. Unfortunately, they were deemed 'unimportant' to the overall experience, and thus got the axe. Maybe he'll finally get their due in a high-definition sequel? Fingers crossed.
3. That exciting bridge battle from the trailer? Never happens (Bioshock Infinite)
Five years is a long time to wait for any game, let alone for the highly anticipated followup to instant classic BioShock. And a lot can change over five years, as different modes and areas are created because they sound cool and dropped when they don't work. If you compare the BioShock Infinite we got in 2013 to the preview trailers shown in the years leading up to release, you can see some pretty spectacular moments that never actually made it into the final release.
In this ten-minute gameplay trailer from 2010, Booker's companion Elizabeth seems to have way more power at their disposal than they do in the actual 2013 release. She's not only opening tears to hidden weapon caches, but she's also summoning rain clouds for them to use as a conductor for their electricity hands. There's even an exciting and protracted bridge battle, complete with dramatic appearance by the intimidating Songbird - all of which was cut from the final game. While this trailer is likely more proof-of-concept than actual gameplay, it's still intriguing that many of the ideas and locations shown off prior to release were either changed or removed completely.
2. Arsenal Gear destroys Manhattan (Metal Gear Solid 2)
If you've played Metal Gear Solid 2, you've probably noticed that the lead-up to the final boss feels a bit… truncated. Raiden goes from standing on top of Arsenal Gear in the middle of the ocean to battling Solidus on top of a ruined building in New York City within a few awkward edits. So what happened?
Well, there was supposed to be a lengthy sequence showing Arsenal Gear smashing its way through the New York skyline, knocking into the Statue of Liberty (which would wind up on Ellis Island after the dust settled). All told, the out-of-control Gear should have crushed half of Manhattan, but all of it was cut in the wake of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. While it's a shame that the removal caused such a jarring disconnect between the asupervisorstioned scenes, it would have been in incredibly poor taste if Metal Gear Solid 2 had shipped with this scene intact, mere months after the attacks.
1. Most of the game (Knights of the Old Republic 2)
It's no secret that Knights of the Old Republic 2 shipped unfinished. Pushed up against a looming deadline, developer Obsidian had to make a hard decision and cut swaths of content just to get the game out the door. It hacked off reams of character interactions and dialog, removed locations like a droid production plant and an entire extra planet, and even cut large sections of the ending. The final product left players confused and incomplete. Something was obviously missing.
Thankfully, many of the related files were still included on the game's discs, despite not being accessible during the course of normal play. Intrepid modders have since taken these files, prettied them up, and fitted them back into the main game, including that awesome sequence in the asupervisorstioned droid factory. Bring that misanthropic HK-47 droid with you, and either save and recruit the robots found within, or blow them all up. And the ending? Well, there actually is one now. Finally; closure.
Hopefully there's a director's cut
No one likes to cut their favorite feature or tear-jerking scene, but sometimes difficult decisions need to be made in the name of actually shipping a product. Luckily, many of these scenes get to live on thanks to rereleases and player-created mods. What are some of your favorite deleted scenes? Let me know in the comments!
Today we mourn a tragic loss in the world of found footage. German director Joe Beer was working (as director and writer) on their first feature film, Forest of Fear (2015), when they suddenly passed away this past Friday, February 3, 2017.
They apparently took their own life near the town of Finsterwalde, Germany. Their death is being ruled as a suicide.
Joe Beer was also a producer on the upcoming found footage film, Pestilenz (2017), directed and written by Thomas Grieser. As for their untimely passing, Thomas Grieser had this to say, “Joe was a good person who pursued their dreams. They will be missed and not forgotten.” Joe Beer was only 19 years old—Everyone at Found Footage Critic sends their condolences to Joe Beer's family, friends, and colleagues.
Please click here for the German Translation of this article
[This week, real estate appraiser, Curbed graph guru, blogger, and podcaster Jonathan Miller examines the state of Manhattan inventory.]
After an insanely chaotic and active 2013, it's probably time to think about how 2014 is shaping up inventory-wise. At the end of last year, I was of the opinion that listing inventory was at or near a bottom and we would see some increase in supply but not nearly enough to match demand. And so far that has been the story. In this week's column, I took a look at the first eight weeks of each year going back to 2009. Inventory always rises at the beginning of the year as sellers anticipate the spring market and skip over the December doldrums. I'd go back further in time, but I only began tracking inventory on a weekly basis in addition to monthly right after Lehman collapsed (I had more time on my hands). This analysis looks at overall Manhattan inventory at all price pointsclearly there are nuances not reflected, i.e. luxury listings at historical averages while the remainder at chronic lows, so relax.
This week's chart is a two-fer. On the left I look at total inventory and on the right I look at the change in inventory, both over the first 8 weeks. They show that the number of available inventory has jumped at the fastest pace four years but there remains an incredible dearth of supply.
TOTAL Inventory in First 8 Weeks (Left Chart): Total inventory is less than half of what it was in 2009 when the post-Lehman market paused and inventory piled up. Manic highs and lows in short period of time. It's interesting that there were three distinct periods of supply during this period, almost like steps rather than a long gradual decline as demand improved. Bloated levels in 2009, historically average levels in 2010-2012, and chronic lows in 2013 and 2014. After flatlining in 2013, it looks like we are seeing a noticeable uptick in 2014. However ,relative to the overall market, the gain is small. But hey, it's a start.
CHANGE in Inventory in First 8 Weeks (Right Chart): I think of this chart as a "zoom in" of the chart on the left. By looking at the growth in supply over the first eight weeks of each year, you can get a sense of where supply is headed for the year. Clearly there is an uptick in supply suggesting that inventory has bottomed but it clearly doesn't imply there will be enough to meet demand in 2014.
· Miller Samuel [official]
· All Three Cents Worth [Curbed]
Age-related macular degeneration (AMRD) could be treated by transplanting photoreceptors produced by the directed differentiation of stem cells, thanks to findings published today by Professor Gilbert Bernier of the University of Montreal and its affiliated Maisonneuve-Rosemont Hospital. ARMD is a common eye problem caused by the loss of cones. Bernier's team has developed a highly effective in vitro technique for producing light sensitive retina cells from human embryonic stem cells. "Our method has the capacity to differentiate 80% of the stem cells into pure cones," Professor Gilbert explained. "Within 45 days, the cones that we allowed to grow towards confluence spontaneously formed organised retinal tissue that was 150 microns thick. This has never been achieved before."
In order to verify the technique, Bernier injected clusters of retinal cells into the eyes of healthy mice. The transplanted photoreceptors migrated naturally within the retina of their host. "Cone transplant represents a therapeutic solution for retinal pathologies caused by the degeneration of photoreceptor cells," Bernier explained. "To date, it has been difficult to obtain great quantities of human cones." Their discovery offers a way to overcome this problem, offering hope that treatments may be developed for currently non-curable degenerative diseases, like Stargardt disease and ARMD. "Researchers have been trying to achieve this kind of trial for years," they said. "Thanks to our simple and effective approach, any laboratory in the world will now be able to create masses of photoreceptors. Even if there's a long way to go before launching clinical trials, this means, in theory, that will be eventually be able to treat countless patients."
The findings are particularly significant in the light of improving life expectancies and the associated increase in cases of ARMD. ARMD is in fact the greatest cause of blindness amongst people over the age of 50 and affects millions of people worldwide. And as we age, it is more and more difficult to avoid -- amongst people over 80, this accelerated aging of the retina affects nearly one in four. People with ARMD gradually lose their perception of colours and details to the point that they can no longer read, write, watch television or even recognize a face.
ARMD is due to the degeneration of the macula, which is the central part of the retina that enables the majority of eyesight. This degeneration is caused by the destruction of the cones and cells in the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE), a tissue that is responsible for the reparation of the visual cells in the retina and for the elimination of cells that are too worn out. However, there is only so much reparation that can be done as we are born with a fixed number of cones. They therefore cannot naturally be replaced. Moreover, as we age, the RPE's maintenance is less and less effective -- waste accumulates, forming deposits. "Differentiating RPE cells is quite easy. But in order to undertake a complete therapy, we need neuronal tissue that links all RPE cells to the cones. That is much more complex to develop," Bernier explains, noting nonetheless that they believe their research team is up to the challenge.
Bernier has been interested in the genes that code and enable the induction of the retina during embryonic development since completing their PhD in Molecular Biology in 1997. "During my post-doc at the Max-Planck Institute in Germany, I developed the idea that there was a natural molecule that must exist and be capable of forcing embryonic stem cells into becoming cones," they said. Indeed, bioinformatic analysis led them to predict the existence of a mysterious protein: COCO, a "recombinational" human molecule that is normally expressed within photoreceptors during their development.
In 2001, they launched their laboratory at Maisonneuve-Rosemont Hospital and immediately isolated the molecule. But it took several years of research to demystify the molecular pathways involved in the photoreceptors development mechanism. Their latest research shows that in order to create cones, COCO can systematically block all the signalling pathways leading to the differentiation of the other retinal cells in the eye. It's by uncovering this molecular process that Bernier was able to produce photoreceptors. More specifically, they have produced S-cones, which are photoreceptor prototypes that are found in the most primitive organisms.
Beyond the clinical applications, Professor Bernier's findings could enable the modelling of human retinal degenerative diseases through the use of induced pluripotent stem cells, offering the possibility of directly testing potential avenues for therapy on the patient's own tissues.
In this Wednesday, May 13, 2015 photo, some of the more than 37,000 solar panels gather sunlight at the Space Coast Next Generation Solar Center, in Merritt Island, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)
There's a tense dynamic accompanying the rapid growth of solar in the United States—in which traditional utility companies, nervous about the spread of rooftop solar panels, are seeking ways to limit the revenues made by solar customers who earn credit for the extra electricity they provide to the grid.
This battle over so-called “net metering” has been often depicted as a zero sum conflict between an upstart and an incumbent — but new research out of the University of Texas at Austin suggests there could be a kind of “middle ground” in the conflict between some utilities and solar installers.
The potential “win-win,” as the researchers put it, involves so-called community solar — solar energy projects or panels that are in effect shared by a group of people, such as the inhabitants of an apartment building, rather than sitting on a single residential rooftop. The study, recently published in Energy Research & Social Science and led by Erik Funkhouser of the LBJ School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin and three university colleagues, found that at least some utility companies seem to like community solar programs, are already offering them, and plan to expand them.
[Utilities wage campaign against rooftop solar]
One key reason? Customers clearly want access to solar, and some utility industry representatives find community solar to be a great way to give it to them — in a manner that allows the utility to continue to service these customers' full electricity demand, that is.
“If you are a utility that is concerned with the rapid growth of residential solar — which means that a lot of the demand is moving away from your direct control — in that case you can imagine developing a competitive community solar program that is priced around what a residential system or residential lease might look like, and you might actually price it lower,” says Varun Rai, a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Texas, Austin and one of the authors of the study.
The research also suggests yet another way — beyond getting directly into the business of installing rooftop solar, as Southern Company subsidiary Georgia Power is now doing — that traditional power companies seem to be finding their way into the hot solar market.
Community solar has certainly been getting a lot of attention lately — largely because of its vast potential to expand solar access.
Last month, the Obama administration announced an array of new initiatives to broaden access to solar energy to more Americans — since so far, solar has generally been the province of relatively wealthy homeowners. Solar City, the top U.S. solar installer, recently announced a massive project to install some 100 “solar gardens” in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area, with a particular focus on allowing renters to participate in solar energy. And GTM Research, which studies the clean energy industry, projects that community solar will be “the most significant solar growth market for the United States.”
[Many Americans still lack access to solar energy. Here's how Obama plans to change that]
The new study adds to the theme, reporting on the results of seven utility industry interviews about community solar, as well as the responses to 57 surveys on the subject distributed to investor owned utilities, municipal utilities, and rural electric cooperatives. The researchers also analyzed 61 community solar projects. And they concluded that community solar has the potential for “stabilizing the customer-utility relationship with deeper solar penetration.”
In effect, this is happening because some utilities seem to realize that they've got to get involved in the solar wave, the sooner the better. Or as the study put it:
One utility reported that, even without significant penetration of residential solar PV in its territory, staving off potential attrition of its customer base partly drove its adoption of a [community solar] program. Another utility, a large [investor-owned utility], reported that it was motivated to pursue [community solar] for the same reason. The organization anticipates increases in the popularity of solar [distributed generation] going forward. By investing in [community solar] it hopes to satisfy customer demand for solar [distributed generation] as cost-effectively as possible.
The state of California has even mandated that its three main utilities — Pacific Gas and Electric, Southern California Edison, and San Diego Gas & Electric — begin to offer community solar programs, and on a large scale. The utilities are slated to set up 600 megawatts of community solar capacity by 2019.
PG&E's community solar program, for instance, will allow customers to sign up to get either half or all of their electricity from solar projects that PG&E will “contract with,” or separately make an agreement with an outside solar installer to purchase some of that installer's electricity generation. Either way, the customers get billing credit from PG&E for not needing to use as much traditional electricity any longer. Initially there will be a premium to be in the program, but PG&E says that will “likely diminish over time if PG&E's overall generation costs increase and solar costs fall.”
Other community solar programs offered by utilities include the Bright Tucson Community Solar program, offered by Tucson Electric Power, and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District's SolarShares program.
Granted, for now only a relatively “small fraction” of utilities appear to be moving into the community solar space, according to lead study author Erik Funkhouser. And of course, not all community solar programs are offered by utilities. A group of individuals might start one of their own, of their own volition. A project might also be carried out on a nonprofit basis.
One major difference, notes Rai, is that when individuals set up a community solar program, they often do so with so-called “virtual net metering,” which allows participants in the program to get credit for the electricity generated and thereby reduce their electricity bills, in much the same way that residential solar owners do under current net metering schemes. The only difference is that they don't actually own the equipment or have it on their own roofs — rather, their credit is divided up virtually among participants in the community solar program.
Rai thinks utilities won't go for this arrangement, for the same reason that they've been so resistant to net metering in general. “For all practical purposes, the only difference between virtual net metering and net metering is, you don't have the system on your roof,” they say. “But for the utility, you are exactly the same on your bill.”
The power company is still losing out on a portion of the individual's electricity demand in this case — what has been termed “load defection” — so Rai thinks that utilities will try to offer community solar customers cost savings in a different way: through economies of scale. As prices for solar get lower and lower, community solar plans offered by utilities might simply become a good deal. “It just comes down to what the rate plan is,” Rai says. “If you give me a solar plan that has a benefit, then sure.”
Whether those in the solar camp will agree this is a “win-win” is not so clear, of course — virtual net metering could be the new sticking point.
So in sum, it's far too early to know yet how this is going to play out — but it's just another sign that we can expect major dynamism in the solar space, not only due to growth overall but as incumbent utilities try to compete with the upstart solar industry. For now, utility-offered community solar is just the latest indication of that.
“It's a very early phase of a very interesting business model,” says Rai.
Also in Energy & Environment:
What Wikipedia edits can tell us about the politicization of science
With a stunning 7 million acres burned so far, the U.S. wildfire situation is looking dire
Alaska's quest to power remote villages — and how it could spread clean energy worldwide
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
Justin Sullivan converted to Islam in September 2014; that was when, says their father, they began “acting combatively.” Just three months later, they murdered a man who was a neighbor of their parents in Morganton, North Carolina. And last week, they were sentenced to life in prison for plotting a jihad massacre in the U.S. for the Islamic State.
But it's not jihad, it's “mental illness.”
The Charlotte Observer noted that, at Sullivan's trial:
… a Durham psychologist … testified that Sullivan suffers from psychological problems that could spiral into full-fledged schizophrenia.
We have seen this sort of thing many times before.
A Muslim was arrested in June 2016 for a jihad plot to attack tourists and police. They were found with a knife and a machete. According to the Telegraph:
[T]he suspect has a history of psychiatric problems and has been diagnosed as schizophrenic, but is considered nonetheless “truly radicalized” with a “serious profile.”
Authorities did not always grant that these supposedly mentally ill jihadis were “truly radicalized.” Last March, a Muslim in Germany attacked a 59-year-old man riding their bicycle, bashing their skull with a hammer. Police announced: “The suspect may have a mental illness.” They stressed that this was not a jihad attack, the attacker was simply “mentally ill.”
Another Muslim in Germany who wounded nine people with an axe in a train station was also not a jihadi; they had “mental health problems.”
In August 2016, a Muslim stabbed six people in London, murdering one of them. The BBC reported:
[T]he Met Police's assistant commissioner for specialist operations, Mark Rowley, said the investigation was increasingly pointing to the attack being “triggered by mental health issues.”
That same month, a Muslim entered a police station in Toulouse, France and attacked a police officer, stabbing them in the throat -- in strict accord with the Qur'an's command: “When you meet the unbelievers, strike the necks” (47:4). He, too, had a “psychiatric disorder.”
That was also the verdict in the case of Gyulchehra Bobokulova, the Muslim woman who in May 2016 beheaded a four-year-old girl and then paraded their severed head through the streets of Moscow. They screamed “Allahu akbar” while brandishing the girl's head and said that Allah had ordered them to behead the girl. They seem to have had an Islamic State boyfriend. They had become religious not long before the beheading, and started wearing hijab. They say the beheading was revenge for Russian airstrikes on Muslims in Syria. They told their son to pray five times a day and live in accord with Sharia.
Despite all that, however, they were declared insane and not brought to trial.
Likewise, a Muslim in Paris who stabbed a Jewish woman to death while screaming “Allahu akbar” may not face trial in light of claims that they were not in their right mind when they committed the murder.
Learn to stay focused when life stops being routine, as Brad Borland did when they were activated for the relief efforts of Hurricane Isaac.
Motivation is a fickle beast. Books, seminars, webinars, TV shows, movies, and everything else in between have been resources for improving our ability to increase our personal motivation. The amount of material is endless – and yet it eludes us during some of our most crucial times.
Within this oversaturation are key terms such as discipline, organization, willpower, positive mental attitude, hard work, and focus among others. I am not here to redefine or uncover some new and easy technique on how to gain motivation so you can live large with little effort like some early morning infomercial. Hell, I need all the motivation I can get myself sometimes.
If you have ever been bored out of your mind and perused my bio page you would know of my “other” job as a member of the Air National Guard, therefore it goes without saying that I was activated for the response/relief efforts to assist the state of Louisiana during Hurricane Isaac.
Long hours on the night (graveyard) shift, lack of quality food and sleep, and working in a high stress environment shot me out of my comfort zone like a cannon. During the first few days training, proper nutrition, and rest were the last things on my priority list. Besides being nearly impossible to accomplish, it would not have been very productive due to my inability to recover properly, subsequently drilling my health into the ground.
Of course as things settled I was able to take a breath and see what my possibilities were regarding an available gym, other food options and improving my quality of rest (which was still the most challenging aspect).
As I alluded to earlier, motivation can be a “where do I start?” scenario resulting in an “I'll get back to my health/fitness habits when this is over” mentality.
Now, not too many of us will be facing military duty in response to hurricanes but you may find yourself working temporary long hours at your job, an assignment requiring travel, personal stressors and many other situations that shove you out of that comfy, cozy comfort zone and into that place that temps you to give up your healthy eating habits, training and proper rest schedule.
Don't throw it all out just because you have to shift gears and explore new ways that may be foreign to you. Get your mind right, take action and do it anyway.
Below I have outlined a few pointers on how to inspire motivation through action. Some of these I have adopted over the years to at least maintain my health while getting through a tough time whether it be a storm, a military deployment, or other times when my schedule has just plain pissed me off!
Get rid of the procrastination mentality
Don't put off your goals just because you are in a different situation. The trick is to not even start that train of thought in the first place. Get it in your brain that when things are a bit off (such as your schedule) believe that you will find a temporary yet unique way to handle it. Be prepared to explore out of the box ideas to get you there. Once your mind is prepared for change, it is all the much easier for the body to follow.
Get up and do something
Motivation doesn't always beget action, sometimes action inspires motivation – and the process can build over time. Do something. Take action even if in the slightest. If you are used to training in the gym with a full line of equipment for over an hour and you find that you either are ill-equipped and/or only have a limited time find a way to do something. Try a superset or circuit routine with higher reps or a bodyweight-only circuit comprising of push-ups, inverted rows, lunges, bodyweight squats, and sit-ups.
The trick in these situations is not to build new muscle and break personal records, it's to maintain your current state of fitness and help alleviate stress and elevate motivation.
Add a little at a time
Don't go full tilt into your new routine – you may burn out too quickly and lose your will to continue. Adding more to your routine over time will coax your body (and not to mention your mind) to add intensity and work capacity at a comfortable rate. Again, your goal isn't to set new records or put on another five pounds of muscle. Try adding a set to the circuit each time or add one new move to your routine. Any way you can gradually increase your work without compromising your motivation can go a long way regarding consistency.
Build discipline over time
This point is somewhat related to the last point. Hitting the gym (or wherever you decide to train) hard and with intensity takes time. Discipline isn't something that is acquired and put into full action – it is something that has to be built on over time; very calculated time. Grow your ability for discipline and don't be too hard on yourself if you miss a day or were off on your routine or diet. The skills to keep everything in check are built over each and every day you decide to try your best.
Don't be afraid to do something new
Your ability to be open to new ideas and methods outside of your normal comfort zone directly affects how you will progress with your new plan of action. Now that you have the correct mental approach in place it is time to move forward with the discipline and motivation and put that new routine to action. Shift gears, embrace it and enjoy the “newness” of it! Who knows, you may adopt some things you have never tried before into your normal routine.
Don't get discouraged by setbacks
Taking action, building discipline and staying the course will go a long way regarding your progress and overall motivation. But at times you will face a bump or two in the road that could temporarily derail even your greatest efforts. Don't let this discourage you. Be adaptable and keep the positive approach you have worked so hard to build upon. Again, it is all about having a unique mindset for your unique situation and having the discipline to roll with the punches when needed.
Own what you have done and be proud
Think of your ability to train and eat properly as an accomplishment despite your difficult circumstances. Celebrate the fact that no matter where you are or how much you have on your plate you are doing what you planned to do. Be confident that you possess the discipline and mindset to create lasting motivation and that you put those key attributes into action!
What types of techniques or methods do you use to stay on your health and fitness track during unorthodox times?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BEAVERTOWN, PA -- Inside a home on Timber Road near Beavertown, investigators say a family dinner ended with a gunshot.
31-year-old Jennifer Boop and their two children were sitting down for dinner when they began arguing with their boyfriend, Brandon Doan. At one point, Doan appeared to kick out Boop and their two children.
Court paperwork explains that as Jennifer began packing their things in their bedroom when Doan walked in and grabbed them by the hair, then smashed a piece of pizza in their face.
"Had you ever heard of a slice of pizza being used as a weapon? How much would that hurt getting one in the face? Not really, unless it`s really hot and it burned. But that`s about it," commented Mark Laporte of Middleburg.
According to investigators, Jennifer then grabbed a handgun off the dresser and fired one shot into Brandon`s armpit.
"You wouldn't think it would happen in a quiet neighborhood like this but it happens everywhere," said Sam Geise of Adams Township.
According to court paperwork, Boop told police they did not know the gun was loaded and assumed all guns had a safety. Therefore, since they say they never took the safety off, they had no idea how the gun fired.
Corry Beachel knows Brandon Doan and says there`s a lesson to be learned from this.
"No matter what, if It's loaded or not, treat a gun like it`s loaded. They teach that in hunter safety," said Beachel.
Doan continues to recover at a nearby hospital.
Lego Have released an awesome new batch of sets in their Speed Champions series, one of which is a pretty epic diorama of the Mercedes-AMG F1 team.
The Lego Speed Champions series has featured F1 cars in the past but this latest Mercedes one is one of their biggest and most detailed yet.
It features both Hamiltons and Rosbergs Mercedes W07s from the 2016 season so you can recreate their 2016 championship battle in every detail, like stopping Nico's car from turning right. Also because it's Lego it'll be really easy to sabotage Lewis' car for that added authenticity.
With this being one of the bigger sets in their Speed Champions series that means you get more than just the cars. It also comes with a pit garage, pit wall, media centre, grandstand and a TV rig, so basically every element of a Grand Prix weekend is covered.
For some reason there's also a hot dog stand, but that's not the wurst thing about this set – that would be the shade of green used on the cars, which really should be turquoise. But that's a small price to pay for an amazing-looking set, which we definitely want.
It's not just the Mercedes set that's new however. There's also a Ferrari SF-16, Ferrari FXX K, Bugatti Chiron, Mercedes-AMG GT3 and the Ford GT40 set added to the lineup. Prices vary but judging by the quality of all the other sets in the Speed Champions series, they'll all be worth getting!
If you plan to walk the Mackinac Bridge on Labor Day, you need to know this: An underground spring has bubbled for months to mess with Labor Day traffic in northern Michigan.
Buy Photo Construction barrels. (Photo: File photo/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Near the tip of Michigan's mitt, a spring has been bubbling deep underground for months, just so it could mess with Labor Day drivers.
Last week, the hidden stream gave state taxpayers a $1.2-million soaking when it collapsed pavement on U.S.-31 in Emmet County. No one was hurt, but engineers say they need 80 semi-truckloads of rock to shore up 200 feet of damage.
Bound to aggravate people more than the price tag, though, is the timing. Highway officials announced this week that a detour around the problem will last through Labor Day weekend – the very time when the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) prides itself on having construction sites open to traffic.
“We do try to pull the orange barrels aside,” said James Lake, spokesperson for MDOT in the northern Lower Peninsula.
The timing is exactly why this detour on country roads, starting about 25 miles south of the Mackinac Bridge, could cause traffic backups, even though it's roughly the same distance that motorists would drive had roadwork not been under way.
There is also an alternate route -- Interstate 75 -- that takes travelers headed to the UP more to the east.
On Labor Day, this rural spot in Michigan's highway network is expected to be the conduit for an estimated 14,000 vehicles – more than double its usual volume -- as hordes of motorists rush pell-mell to the Mackinac Bridge, psyched to join the big annual bridge walk.
For metro Detroiters, the 58th annual bridge walk won't compete with this weekend's Jazz Fest in Detroit, nor with the Ford Arts, Beats & Eats festival in Royal Oak. As well, the usual Labor Day parades are scheduled in Detroit and Hamtramck.
In northern Michigan, though, strolling across the Straits is a marquee event. AAA Michigan predicts that about 1.2 million Michiganders will take road trips over the four-day Labor Day weekend, the highest mark since the pre-recession travel volume of 2008. Gasoline prices should average more than a $1 a gallon cheaper than last year, lowest for any Labor Day since 2004 – another lure to tourism, AAA Michigan spokesperson Sue Hiltz said.
"After all, it's the last hurrah of summer," Hiltz said. For this year's bridge walk, organizers expect 40,000 people – 10,000 more than last year, they said. They'll make the 5-mile walk from north to south, starting at 7 a.m., with Gov. Rick Snyder set to uphold tradition by leading the way.
“That guy walks fast,” said Chris Christensen, 43, of Boyne City, who walked just behind Snyder a few years ago. Christensen is planning to make their ninth bridge walk with wife Sara Christensen, 39, and any other family members they can recruit. They'll dodge the washed out highway detour by taking county roads over to I-75, they said.
But plenty of others may need to do the same. Would-be walkers have until 11 a.m. to get to the start of the bridge walk in St. Ignace, after navigating the yearly crush of cars, buses and pedestrians that jam both ends of the bridge, beginning well before dawn and limiting bridge traffic to one lane each way. The last thing anyone hoping to check off a bucket-list bridge walk is running into a highway detour 20 minutes south of the goal.
Bridge-walk wannabes likely to get caught in the backup will be coming from the tourist havens of Harbor Springs, Petoskey, Charlevoix and points between. Even those who duck the detour by making a beeline to I-75 on the way north could get caught coming home “when a lot of people like to take a leisurely route home,” and so they might be tempted to head south from Mackinaw City on U.S.-31, Christensen said.
The sunken, water-logged trouble spot on U.S.-31 is halfway between the small towns of Brutus and Alanson, on a two-lane highway with a speed limit of 55 m.p.h. The official state detour is barely any farther in mileage but bound to be slower on a rural, county road that includes about 50 yards of a dirt-road access drive from US-31. Luckily, the collapse didn't cause any injuries or wrecks when pavement began sinking a few hundred yards from the Maple River Animal Clinic.
"It's a big hole and it's deep and there's water on the bottom of it," said clinic receptionist Mary Hemstreet. "If they go through the pylons and hit that hole, they're going to regret it," Hemstreet said with a chuckle.
Buy Photo A failed section of U.S.-31 at the tip of the mitt will force holiday travelers to take an alternate route north. (Photo: Martha Thierry, Detroit Free Press)
Them clinic's outgoing voicemail tells callers to hit 5 for details on using the detour. Yet the temporary route isn't mentioned on state websites that extol the thrills of walking the bridge, including those of the Mackinac Bridge Authority the Pure Michigan tourism campaign. Nor is there anything in the bridge-walk promotions on the St. Ignace city website. The AAA Mobile App does show a long red line on U.S.-23 that indicates an impassible stretch in that area; see AAA.com/mobile, free to anyone.
The road closure is scheduled to last until Sept. 11, warned Lake at MDOT's field office in Gaylord. The detour "will be quite well marked," they said. Highway crews have installed temporary stop signs, giving bridge-bound traffic priority over local drivers on Emmett County's rural Milton Road. Moreover, the alternate route is hardly any farther in mileage.
"But with it being a holiday weekend, there is the potential for congestion," Lake said, in tones of official understatement. They suggested avoiding the area altogether. Instead, when northbound Mackinac Bridge walkers reach the traffic light in downtown Alanson -- population 742 -- they should take M-68 east to Indian River to connect there with I-75.
"That's about 15 miles farther, but with the higher speeds on I-75, it might end up being faster," Lake said.
They added: "Certainly, the last thing we want to do is make for an unpleasant experience in going to this event."
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1EAioH9
02:33PM EDT - Volta, Kayla, and VCA
02:33PM EDT - And that's a wrap for NVIDIA's GTC 2013 keynote. We'll have more details on various announcements later today
02:32PM EDT - Wrapping things up. Products using GRID cards now going to market from Dell and other OEMs
02:31PM EDT - Requires software licenses, $2400 and $4800 a year respectively
02:31PM EDT - Max concurrent users is equal to the number of GPUs
02:30PM EDT - $39,900 for a full pack. Half pack is 8 GPUs, full pack is 16 GPUs
02:30PM EDT - GRID VCA starts at $24,900 for a half base pack
02:29PM EDT - Total latency according to their metrics looks to be under 40ms
02:27PM EDT - Video stream flucuating between 40Mbps and 120Mbps
02:26PM EDT - Demoing path tracing in Octane, reiterating that this is being done remotely. Hard to get an idea of just how good the image quality is like from this vantage point
02:23PM EDT - Live demo. Server rack is in LA
02:22PM EDT - Product announcement: Octanerender, Cloud Edition
02:20PM EDT - Continual progression of GPU power, and now can access that rendering power remotely
02:17PM EDT - Discussing CGI pre-visualization process
02:16PM EDT - The crowd is noticably silent when the Fantastic Four is mentioned
02:15PM EDT - Otoy CEO Jules Urbach and Fantastic Four director Josh Trank now on stage
02:14PM EDT - Discussing creating characters with CGI
02:14PM EDT - Discussing the movie Life of Pi, which was CGI-heavy due to the tiger
02:14PM EDT - Now on to movies
02:08PM EDT - Virtually configuring an Audi R8. Using a tablet as the interface, while the work occurs behind the scenes on a GRID server
02:06PM EDT - Jen-Hsun is a well-known car guy, so he's having a field day
02:06PM EDT - Now doing a live demo of RTT's point of sale configuration tech that was shown in the Audi video
02:01PM EDT - CEO of Realtime Technology AG
02:01PM EDT - Ludwig Fuchs now on stage
02:00PM EDT - VCA press release just hit the wire. Reiterates that this is an application-centric appliance rather than remoting whole desktops
01:58PM EDT - "That was not fake. It's all real"
01:57PM EDT - How Audi thinks they'll use something like GRID in car purchasing
01:56PM EDT - Audi concept video now rolling
01:55PM EDT - Discussing the benefits of having access to the performance of a high powered workstation on a laptop
01:53PM EDT - One of the very first GRID users
01:53PM EDT - James Fox, CEO Dawnrunner now on stage
01:53PM EDT - Gian Paolo Bassi and Jen-Hsun discussing the benefits of remote computing for them
01:52PM EDT - VGX 1 now GRID K1 (4xGK107). VGX 2 now GRID K2 (2xGK104)
01:50PM EDT - GRID VCA product page is up: http://www.nvidia.com/object/visual-computing-appliance.html
01:50PM EDT - NVIDIA VGX product page was changed at some point to be "GRID VGX", so indeed it looks like VGX has been renamed. We'll try to get confirmation later today
01:47PM EDT - Not clear at this time what the relationship is between the GRID cards and NVIDIA's VGX cards. May be a renamed
01:46PM EDT - Solidworks' VP of R&D, Gian Paolo Bassi, now on stage
01:45PM EDT - Each workspace is running nice and smooth (having a dedicated GPU really helps here)
01:44PM EDT - This is being demoed as a LAN solution (as opposed to an over-the-internet solution like GeForce GRID)
01:43PM EDT - Macbook Pro running the client software to connect to a GRID VCA server. 3 workspaces. Each running a seperate professional application
01:42PM EDT - Demo time
01:42PM EDT - GRID VCA will be used to drive remote workstations as part of NVIDIA's larger remote computing initiative
01:40PM EDT - Based on power requirements it's likely these are GK104, not GK110
01:40PM EDT - Clients machines need specialized VCA software
01:39PM EDT - Hypervisor supports 16 virtual machines (1 GPU per)
01:39PM EDT - 2x 8 Core Xeon processors. 192GB of sytem memory. 8 GRID video cards ("each with 2 of our most advance Kepler GPUs")
01:38PM EDT - 4U system (server racked)
01:38PM EDT - GRID VCA
01:37PM EDT - Brand-new product. It's an appliance, not a server
01:36PM EDT - "The world's first visual computing appliance"
01:33PM EDT - VGX can be configured with various modules. It can be a Quadro card or a GeForce card depending on user needs and what modules are licensed
01:32PM EDT - So now they're ready to discuss users and products featuring this hardware
01:32PM EDT - NVIDIA also announced their VGX line of cards at GTC 2012. Multiple GK107 GPUs on VGX1, with virtual addressing to allow many users to share one VGX card
01:31PM EDT - Starting off this discussion with GRID for professional uses as opposed to consumer
01:30PM EDT - We haven't seen much of it; GeForce GRID fizzled some when NVIDIA's partner was acquired Gaikai
01:30PM EDT - Last year NVIDIA introduced their GRID technology
01:27PM EDT - Now discussing remote computing
01:27PM EDT - New GPU implies 1 SMX Kepler part (GK107 is 2 SMXes)
01:26PM EDT - CUDA 5 capable. Implies a Kepler family GPU. No further details
01:25PM EDT - Real time demo of Kayla running a raytracer
01:24PM EDT - mITX-like board with Tegra 3 and a new, small GPU
01:24PM EDT - New ARM based product: Kayla
01:23PM EDT - In reference to Tegra 2 versus Parker. Persumably peak performance. Otherwise SoCs are already power limited
01:22PM EDT - "In 5 years' time we're going to increase performance of Tegra by 100 times"
01:22PM EDT - Will be using FinFET (3D) transistors. Fab isn't mentioned, but we're assuming TSMC
01:21PM EDT - GPU will be Maxwell
01:21PM EDT - Parker will be the first SoC with a Denver ARM CPU
01:21PM EDT - After Logan, Parker in 2015
01:20PM EDT - Logan demos this year, production early next year
01:20PM EDT - Integrates a Kepler GPU, so compute capability 3.x
01:20PM EDT - Logan will be the first Tegra SoC with CUDA capabilities
01:19PM EDT - Logan is next. Wayne was Tegra 4
01:19PM EDT - What's next?
01:17PM EDT - Reiterating benefits of 4+1 core layout
01:17PM EDT - "First Tegra did not turn out that well"
01:16PM EDT - Now on to Tegra
01:16PM EDT - No date attached to Volta. Currently NVIDIA keeps parity with TSMC nodes, in which case it's not clear when the next high performance node after 20nm will become available
01:14PM EDT - Titan is just under 300GB/sec with GDDR5 on a 384bit bus
01:14PM EDT - Volta: 1TB/sec of bandwidth
01:14PM EDT - Jen-Hsun now going into detail on what DRAM stacking is. Stacked DRAM will mean they can have at least some RAM very close to the GPU, instead of having to go through relatively slow external memory busses
01:12PM EDT - Presumably Maxwell and Volta will go hand-in hand with future NVIDIA SoCs. Not just Tegra, but whatever Denver is paired with
01:12PM EDT - Volta is credited with the invention of the battery, BTW
01:11PM EDT - Volta will use stacked DRAM. This is the same route Intel is going with Haswell GT3e
01:11PM EDT - Slide guys are a bit ahead of where Jen-Hsun is. Reiterating the benefits of Kepler
01:11PM EDT - Maxwell was announced back in 2011 and is on track for 2014. Will be introducing unified virtual memory
01:10PM EDT - New NVIDIA GPU roadmap. Volta comes after Maxwell
01:09PM EDT - Up next: the "next click" of NVIDIA's roadmap
01:08PM EDT - Now discussing image processing in general
01:03PM EDT - Running the Cortexica app
01:03PM EDT - Actual image processing is of course server-side. Tablet is just uploading the image
01:02PM EDT - Also returns similar looking clothing (geometric patterns, etc)
01:02PM EDT - Going to ind clothing matching a photo of Kate Hudson
01:02PM EDT - Now showing a real-time demo running off of a tablet
01:01PM EDT - NVIDIA's Mike Houston now on stage with a copy of In Style magazine
12:59PM EDT - Coretexica is using a model of the human brain to try to do image search like a human
12:58PM EDT - How do humans recognize images as being alike? How can computers be made to do the same thing?
12:57PM EDT - Visual shopping, even
12:57PM EDT - Up next: virtual shopping
12:51PM EDT - Jason Titus, CTO of Shazam, taking the stage now to talk about how GPU computing helps do their work
12:51PM EDT - Shazam has to search 10M queries per day, search among 27M other songs and try to identify the song you're listening to
12:51PM EDT - 10M queries per day
12:51PM EDT - 300M users of Shazam, adding 2M users per week
12:50PM EDT - Now talking about GPUs and audio search
12:49PM EDT - Salesforce.com saw a 35x speedup in moving their twitter-mining algorithms to GPUs
12:47PM EDT - GPU used in datamining tweets it sounds like
12:46PM EDT - 500M tweets a day
12:46PM EDT - Talking about Twitter's GPU usage
12:45PM EDT - Talking about all of the different companies exhibiting here at GTC
12:40PM EDT - More details on Piz Daint will come at the end of the presentation when the PR announcement hits the wire
12:40PM EDT - Piz Daint supercomputer (the tallest mountain in Switzerland), going to be used for weather prediction/simulation
12:39PM EDT - Swiss Supercomputer Center announced that they would also use NV in building Europe's Fastest GPU Supercomputer
12:39PM EDT - 40M CUDA processors came together to solve a singular problem in the Titan supercomputer
12:39PM EDT - Not only the highest theoretical perf supercomputer, also recently did the world's largest solids mechanical simulation - sustained 10 PFLOPS
12:38PM EDT - Kepler Top 500 computing performance already exceeds 2012 Fermi performance, and K20 has only been shipping for 4 months
12:38PM EDT - Talking about Oak Ridge Titan Supercomputer
12:37PM EDT - "We are close to the tipping point"
12:37PM EDT - Note that it's not clear whether NV means calendar year 2013 or fiscal year. The latter seems most likely
12:36PM EDT - This year, 430M CUDA capable GPUs, 1.6M CUDA downloads, 50 supercomputers, 640 university courses, 37K academic papers
12:36PM EDT - 2008 - 60 universities were teaching using CUDA
12:35PM EDT - In 2008, we had 100M GPUs that were CUDA compatible, 150K CUDA downloads, 1 supercomputer that was powered by Tesla
12:35PM EDT - "the GPU has a day job, it's called computer graphics"
12:33PM EDT - Moving on to GPU computing
12:32PM EDT - This looks really good
12:32PM EDT - Asking digital Ira questions and having them answer them
12:31PM EDT - This has to be somewhere around 100W just of face rendering
12:31PM EDT - 2 TFLOPS spent on rendering a face, that's just awesome
12:30PM EDT - Pores look realistic
12:30PM EDT - I have to admit, digital Ira's expressions are pretty convincing
12:30PM EDT - 2TFLOPS, half of the perf offered by Titan, to render digital Ira
12:30PM EDT - 8K instructions, 5 FLOPS per instruction, 40K OPS per pixel
12:29PM EDT - 8000 instruction long programs to articulate the geometry and all of the pixel processing necessary for each pixel
12:29PM EDT - Titan's Dawn
12:29PM EDT - Meet digital Ira
12:29PM EDT - Now showing Face Works
12:29PM EDT - We compress all of it into a new way of rendering facial expression
12:29PM EDT - 32GB is too much to work with in real time
12:28PM EDT - "3D meshes that we articulate using our GPU"
12:28PM EDT - Takes 32GB of expression info, compresses it even further into about 400MB
12:28PM EDT - NV created a tech called Face Works
12:28PM EDT - 32GB of expression data, allows you to programmatically display any human expression
12:28PM EDT - Light Stage of 156 cameras used to capture geometry as well as expressions
12:27PM EDT - Take video of 30 different human expressions, extract from it the smallest library of mosaics that represent how you move
12:25PM EDT - Dawn is flapping their wings, smiling, being a little awkward
12:24PM EDT - "if we could have Dawn do a performance please"
12:24PM EDT - Talking about sub-surface light scatter and how it impacts the realism of Dawn
12:23PM EDT - It took us nearly 20 years to create Kepler Dawn
12:23PM EDT - Kepler Dawn
12:23PM EDT - Showing Dawn
12:23PM EDT - "this is an endeavor worth while"
12:23PM EDT - We've been working on rendering faces for some time, ever since GeForce 256
12:21PM EDT - As we improve and increase the realism of robots, we become more familiar with them as they become more human like in the way they look and the way they move, at some point it gets sufficiently real, it falls off a cliff and gets creepy
12:21PM EDT - Talking about the uncanny valley
12:21PM EDT - We see water simulation a lot both in graphics and compute. It's computationally intensive and maps well to GPUs
12:20PM EDT - "simulating a face is harder"
12:20PM EDT - "simulating the ocean is hard"
12:20PM EDT - Simulating close to full hurricane conditions in this ocean simulator running on GeForce GTX Titan
12:19PM EDT - wind impacts waves, smoke from the ship, spray around the ship
12:19PM EDT - 20 sensors around the hull of the ship, talking about the interaction of the ocean with the ship in the simulation
12:17PM EDT - Running on GeForce GTX Titan
12:17PM EDT - Wave Works
12:17PM EDT - Speed of the wind impacts simulation reaction of the ocean
12:17PM EDT - Showing real-time Beaufort-Scale ocean simulation
12:16PM EDT - GK110 in general seems to be supply constrained right now. NVIDIA has previously told us they're selling every Tesla K20 and Titan card they can make
12:14PM EDT - Our review here: http://www.anandtech.com/show/6774/nvidias-geforce-gtx-titan-part-2-titans-performance-unveiled
12:14PM EDT - 2600 CUDA cores, 4.5 TFLOPS, 7.1B transistors, the largest semiconductor device, most complex semiconductor device ever made
12:14PM EDT - Talking about Titan
12:14PM EDT - Let's get started
12:14PM EDT - 5. A new product announcement (!!!)
12:13PM EDT - 4. An update on remote graphics
12:13PM EDT - "A glimpse into the next click of NVIDIA's technology roadmap"
12:13PM EDT - 3. Roadmap (ooh!)
12:13PM EDT - 2. Update on GPU Computing
12:13PM EDT - 1. Breakthroughs in computer graphics that we've made in the last year
12:12PM EDT - Talking about 5 things today
12:11PM EDT - "and the GPU is the engine of this medium"
12:11PM EDT - "The beauty and power of the interactivity of this medium, allows us to connect with ideas in a way that no other medium can"
12:11PM EDT - "Over the last 20 years this medium has transformed the PC from a computer for information and productivity, to one of creativity, expression and discovery"
12:11PM EDT - "Visual Computing is a Powerful and Unique Medium"
12:11PM EDT - Jen-Hsun Huang is taking the stage
12:10PM EDT - NVIDIA *loves* GPUs
12:10PM EDT - Watching a video illustrating all of the things GPUs enable
12:08PM EDT - Cue the hip music, we're a-go
12:07PM EDT - Anand, Ryan, and myself are seated and waiting for the keynote to get underway, WiFi isn't quite holding up but cellular is working fine at the moment.
The new boss at Hydro One — a company recently on the hot seat for widespread overbilling of customers — is making triple what their predecessor earned before privatization. Chief executive Mayo Schmidt started work Sept. 3 and by the end of the year will enjoy $1.36 million in base pay, incentives and pension value. The man they succeeded, Carmine Marcello, got $1.2 million for all of 2014.
Energy Minister Bob Chiarelli defended the payouts to Hydro One chief executive Mayo Schmidt . “Very, very specific targets have to be met and achieved for those executives to get anywhere close to their maximum,” Chiarelli said. ( Richard J. Brennan / Toronto Star file photo )
Details of what critics called an “exorbitant” pay packet — which could climb to $4 million annually — came Friday as the government issued a prospectus for investors with Hydro One preparing to sell shares on the stock market this fall. Soaring executive salaries under the controversial privatization by Premier Kathleen Wynne will nudge electricity bills higher, opposition parties warned. “If you're an executive, the lottery just opened,” said New Democrat MPP Peter Tabuns, their party's energy critic.
Article Continued Below
Energy Minister Bob Chiarelli defended the payouts, which government privatization czar Ed Clark said are in the “low to medium” range of similar companies and crucial in attracting top talent. “Very, very specific targets have to be met and achieved for those executives to get anywhere close to their maximum,” Chiarelli told reporters, with factors including financial performance, improved customer service and workplace safety. “I think that's the best way to run a company.” The government is selling up to 60 per cent of Hydro One, starting with a tranche of 15 per cent in early November, to raise an estimated $9 billion to fund transit and other infrastructure improvements and pay down debt. Private-sector discipline and innovation will make Hydro One more profitable, making up for lost revenue that used to go fully into government coffers and will soon be shared with investors, said Clark, a former chairperson of TD Bank.
But with improved results still at the promise stage, Progressive Conservative MPP Todd Smith questioned “huge” executive pay levels at Hydro One, where computer snafus led to customers being wildly overbilled and money taken from their bank accounts, raising the ire of Ontario's former ombudsman André Marin. Smith also took exception to Marcello, an engineer, staying on as a “special adviser” to Schmidt and the board of directors and keeping their base salary of $525,000.
Article Continued Below
“Things need to be cleaned up at Hydro One, absolutely, but you're keeping the guy on who previously couldn't get it done.” The Wynne administration has been fighting a public relations battle over the Hydro One sale, with widespread opposition registering in a recent Environics poll and internal government polling. “Today's news shows the Liberals are pushing ahead, public be damned,” said Warren “Smokey” Thomas, president of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union, which is urging voters to not vote Liberal in the Oct. 19 federal election as a protest. Finance Minister Charles Sousa rejected comparisons of the partial privatization to a previous Conservative government's decision to lease out the lucrative Highway 407, saying the Hydro One proceeds are being reinvested in the province to boost the economy. “That's not what they did with the 407.” Also Friday, Hydro One's unsecured debt rating was downgraded one notch by Moody's Investors Service, to A2 from A1, with a negative outlook reflecting the “high probability” of another similar downgrade following the initial public offering.
Read more about:
For the second year in a row, "123456" remained the top password among the millions of cleartext passwords exposed online thanks to data breach incidents at various providers.
While having "123456" as your password is quite bad, the other terms found on a list of Top 100 Worst Passwords of 2017 are just as distressing and regretful.
Some of these include an extensive collection of sports terms (football, baseball, soccer, hockey, Lakers, jordan23, golfer, Rangers, Yankees), car brands (Mercedes, Corvette, Ferrari, Harley), and various expressions (iloveyou, letmein, whatever, blahblah).
But, by far, the list was dominated by names, with the likes of Robert (#31), Matthew (#32), Jordan (#33), Daniel (#35), Andrew (#36), Andrea (#38), Joshua (#40), George (#48), Nicole (#53), Hunter (#54), Chelsea (#62), Phoenix (#66), Amanda (#67), Ashley (#69), Jessica (#74), Jennifer (#76), Michelle (#81), William (#86), Maggie (#92), Charlie (#95), and Martin (#96), showing up on the list.
List compiled from five million leaked credentials
The list was put together by SplashData, a company that provides various password management utilities such as TeamsID and Gpass. The company said it compiled the list by analyzing over five million user records leaked online in 2017 and that also contained password information.
"Use of any of the passwords on this list would put users at grave risk for identity theft," said a SplashData spokesperson in a press release that accompanied a two-page PDF document containing a list of the most encountered passwords.
This is because attackers use these same leaked records to build similar lists of leaked passwords, which they then assemble as "dictionaries" for carrying out account brute-force attacks.
Attackers will use the leaked terms, but they'll also create common variations on these words using simple algorithms. This means that by adding "1" or any other character combinations at the start or end of basic terms, users aren't improving the security of their password.
Advising users on best password policies is a doctoral paper in its own right, but for the time being, users should look into using unique passwords per account, possibly employing a password manager, using more complex passwords, and above all, staying away from the terms below.
1 - 123456 (rank unchanged since 2016 list)
2 - password (unchanged)
3 - 12345678 (up 1)
4 - qwerty (Up 2)
5 - 12345 (Down 2)
6 - 123456789 (New)
7 - letmein (New)
8 - 1234567 (Unchanged)
9 - football (Down 4)
10 - iloveyou (New)
11 - admin (Up 4)
12 - welcome (Unchanged)
13 - monkey (New)
14 - login (Down 3)
15 - abc123 (Down 1)
16 - starwars (New)
17 - 123123 (New)
18 - dragon (Up 1)
19 - passw0rd (Down 1)
20 - master (Up 1)
21 - hello (New)
22 - freedom (New)
23 - whatever (New)
24 - qazwsx (New)
25 - trustno1 (New)
Have you been searching for just the right cliché to use? Are you searching for a cliché using the word "cat" or "day" but haven't been able to come up with one? Just enter any words in the form below, and this search engine will return any clichés which use that phrase...
Over 3,300 clichés indexed!
This is Morgan, creator of the Cliche Finder. Thank you for using the site! If you like this Website, then you might also like my other web pages!
Or, you might like my crazy passion project: Spanish for Nerds: Learning Spanish via Etymologies! My crazy language method!
Back to cliches... if you would like to see some other Web sites about clichés? See some other pages.
© S. Morgan Friedman
Contact: morgan@westegg.com
Special thanks to Damien Leri
And to Mike Senter
Morgan's Web page
The Billboard Music Awards is a few weeks away, and this just in – Britney Spears is this year's Billboard Millennium Award honoree.
The award is meant to recognize a musician for their or their outstanding career achievements and influence in the music industry. Previous recipients include Beyoncé (2011) and Whitney Houston (2012).
But that's not all. The pop legend – who has collected six Billboard Music Awards throughout their career – is set to perform a medley of their hits at the show and also premiere their single “Make Me (Ooh),” which will be featured on their forthcoming ninth studio album.
The awards ceremony will air on May 22 on ABC at 8 PM ET and 5 PM PT.
Are you excited for Britney's performance? Let us know your thoughts below, or by hitting us up on Twitter and Facebook.
Jason King, founder Sean's Outpost
Homeless advocate, runner, and Bitcoin lover Jason King has combined all three together for an epic adventure. He's running across the country — some 3,100 miles — to raise money in Bitcoin for the homeless.
He's the founder of Sean's Outpost, a homeless outreach center in Pensacola, Fla., which is named for King's best friend who was allegedly robbed and then killed in 2012.
Recently, Sean's Outpost discovered it could do more to house and feed people when it received Bitcoin donations instead of other currencies.
Back in March, when one Bitcoin was worth about $US50, Sean's Outpost made this announcement that it would be accepting the currency: “Donate 1 BTC and we will feed 40 people.”
Over the course of the following months, donations poured in including a donation of 75 Bitcoins from Butterfly Labs/Bitcoin Development Fund.
Sean's Outpost went from being able to provide 50 meals a week to thousands per week. Then it built homes for them, hiring the homeless to do the work and teaching them a job skill along the way.
On their blog, King explained why Bitcoin, which allows people to transfer money anonymously, was an ideal way to support their work:
Yes, yes we can build houses with [U.S. dollars] too. That's not unique to Bitcoin. But there is a lot unique to this community. And a lot of goodwill and compassion here. And being able to receive donations, globally, without a record of donors that can be confiscated is a big damn deal. … When you allow people to dictate who has the right to donations you never know where that will stop.
Sean's Outpost is now nearly legendary in the Bitcoin community.
So, as part of this ultra-marathon, KryptoKit, an online Bitcoin wallet, supplied King with an RV as a support vehicle.
Bitcoin Across America Jason King holds author Jeffrey Tucker in front of the KryptoKit bus
King began their run from the North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami on January 26, and they will make a pit stop on March 6 at the Texas Bitcoin Conference, where he's speaking.
The marathon is an amazing enough story on its own. But this adventure has its roots in a horrible tragedy.
Sean's Outpost is named for King's best friend, Sean Dugas, who was killed in 2012. Dugas was 30 when they were killed.
Two brothers allegedly robbed them for their valuable collection of cards used in the role-playing game “Magic: The Gathering.” Each card created for the game is unique and gives players various powers. Some of the cards in Dugas's collection were worth between $US25,000 and $US100,000, police told Tampa Bay 10News.
Dugas's body was found buried in concrete in the backyard of the brother's father's home in Georgia, weeks after Dugas had been reported missing, the Associated Press reported. The cards were sold in Pensacola, Tenn. and Georgia, the police said.
Dugas loved people so King wanted to honour their memory by helping people in need, the homeless, King said on their website. And the adventure began from there.
Donations are accepted here.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Russia's first crowd-funded satellite, named Mayak (Russian for "beacon of light"), promises to be the “brightest object in the night sky next to the Moon.”
The hunt is on. A Soyuz-2.1a rocket roared to life at the historic Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on July 14th at 6:36 UT, lofting its main payload, the Kanopus-V-IK, Russia's newest Earth-observing satellite.
But Kanopus didn't launch alone. Hitching a ride to space were 72 smaller satellites (a record-breaking payload) headed for three separate orbits. Among them was Mayak (Russian for "beacon of light"), a CubeSat of particular interest to amateur astronomers and satellite spotters.
Mayak is Russia's first crowdfunded satellite. Built around a standard 3U cubesat body measuring 34 × 10 × 10 cm, Mayak was designed by engineering students at Moscow Polytechnic University. The satellite will test an aerodynamic braking system that could de-orbit satellites without using an engine, and it comes equipped with reflectors to provide data on the satellite's visibility and distance.
To that end, the satellite is set to deploy a large tetrahedron-shaped reflector. Each triangular face is 4 m² (43 ft²) in area and should be readily visible from the ground on a twilight pass. In fact, the team claims, Mayak will be the “brightest shooting star” once unfurled with an estimated magnitude of –10, so glints from it might be almost as bright as the full Moon. Mayak could be visible in bright twilight and perhaps even during daytime passes as well.
Roscosmos issued a brief statement Friday, noting that the launch was successful and listing the manifest of satellites to be deployed. U.S. Joint Space Operations Command backed up that claim and assigned Mayak a NORAD tracking ID of 2017-042F/42830.
Finding Mayak
At this point, it isn't clear yet whether Mayak has successfully deployed its reflector. Your best bet is simply to go out and look for it.
The team has a tracking app named CosmoMayak, though it's only offered in Russian. Worldwide sat-spotters may do better using Heavens-Above, which put up a dedicated section for Mayak on their homepage last night. Orbiting Earth once every 97 minutes in a 587-by-605-km orbit, Mayak is in a retrograde Sun-synchronous, 97°-inclination orbit, typical for Earth-observing satellites. Current passes this week favor latitudes 40° to 50° north around midnight, optimal for observers in the United Kingdom and northern Europe.
The plan is to fly Mayak in a stabilized mode for the first four weeks, then set it tumbling on all three axes, setting off a brilliant twinkling pattern. The team's site mentions using brightness estimations from Mayak to gather information about air density at high altitude and to calibrate brightness estimations for future satellites.
Once the reflector is deployed, both solar-wind pressure and atmospheric drag will accelerate the craft's reentry. Such devices might become a standard feature on future satellites, enabling them to de-orbit shortly after their mission ends rather than adding to the growing tally of space junk in low-Earth orbit. Nanosail-D2 tested a similar technology in 2011, and another mission recently dispatched from the International Space Station, InflateSail, is currently testing the same method.
If it's as bright as claimed, Mayak could surpass the brightness of the famed first generation of Iridium satellites, which routinely flare up to magnitude –8. Unfortunately, the second generation of Iridium satellites currently being deployed won't flare in the same fashion.
Is Mayak a good idea? One brilliant (and short-lived) satellite could be a great way to get the public out and looking up at the night sky.
“A sky literally littered with large numbers of these objects would not be a great idea, as it would interfere with night sky integrity,” says veteran satellite tracker Marco Langbroek. “But one or two of these objects as an experiment can not do much harm.”
A Japanese start-up named Star-ALE, for example, wants to create artificial meteor showers for customers starting in 2020. In fact, ideas for placing advertising in space date back to the 1980s, though thankfully, we do not have McDonald's or Pepsi logos drifting through the night sky just yet. True story: NASA and the U.S. Air Force actually studied the idea of using large reflectors placed in space to banish night during the Vietnam War, though this, too, never came to pass.
The few satellite hunters with clear skies last night that we've heard from have all reported negative results so far, suggesting that either Mayak's reflector has yet to deploy, or it was deployed unsuccessfully. If you've got clear skies, take a look tonight and let us know what you see. We'll drop in a brief update to this post when better magnitude estimates come in.
Clear skies, and good luck on the satellite hunt!
The 1996 Solomon Amendment is the popular name of 10 U.S.C. § 983, a United States federal law that allows the Secretary of Defense to deny federal grants (including research grants) to institutions of higher education if they prohibit or prevent ROTC or military recruitment on campus.
History [ edit ]
In the 1980s, U.S. Representative Gerald B. H. Solomon (R-NY) sponsored a series of "Solomon amendments" that conditioned eligibility for federal financial aid for higher education and job training, federal government employment, and other federal benefits on certification by the individual that they either had registered with the Selective Service System or were not required to register. This was successfully challenged in federal District Court in 1983 on the grounds that it determined guilt and inflicted punishment without judicial process. The Supreme Court reversed that decision in Selective Service System v. Minnesota Public Interest Research Group (1984).[1]
The Solomon Amendment relating to ROTC and military recruiting was passed in 1996.[2] It denied federal grants from 8 federal agencies, including research grants, to colleges and universities that prohibit or prevent the U.S. armed forces from recruiting on campus in a manner "at least equal in quality and scope" as other employers or that fail to allow for ROTC programs as part of their academic programs subject to the same standards as other academic programs. It was recodified in 1999.[3] The law was amended in 2002 to cover recruiting by the Coast Guard as part of the Department of Homeland Security.[4] It also provides an exception for any institution with "a longstanding policy of pacifism based on historical religious affiliation."[5]
It was revised in later years, most importantly in 1999, when Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA) sponsored an exemption for financial aid funding (Pub L. 106-79 Sec. 8120), and again in 2001, when the Republican leadership of the House Armed Services Committee included language denying all federal funding to a university if any of its schools blocked access to recruiters. This alteration significantly strengthened the reach of the Solomon Amendment, since recruiters were most often denied access to law schools, which receive little federal money.
Constitutional challenge [ edit ]
Since 1991, the Association of American Law Schools, the principal consortium of United States law schools, required that all of its member institutions establish a policy prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and that member schools require the same policy of any employer to which it grants access for recruiting employees.[6] Many law schools used to oppose military recruitment on campus because the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy denying employment in the military to open gays and lesbians contradicted their non-discrimination policies.
In 2004, the U.S. Third Circuit Court of Appeals found for the Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights, a group representing law schools, led by Professor Kent Greenfield of Boston College Law School, opposed to the presence of military recruiters on campus.[7]
On appeal, the U.S. Supreme Court in Rumsfeld v. FAIR upheld the Solomon Amendment in a unanimous decision[8] on March 6, 2006. Chief Justice John Roberts, writing for the majority, wrote: "As a general matter, the Solomon Amendment regulates conduct, not speech. It affects what law schools must do—afford equal access to military recruiters—not what they may or may not say."[6]
At least two institutions (Vermont Law School, and William Mitchell College of Law) have declined to allow military recruiting on campus in the past.[9] Both positions were taken as a protest to the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy.[10] These schools receive little in way of federal funds compared to large research universities, making it more feasible to forgo the federal funding.[9] With the repeal of "don't ask, don't tell" in 2011, both schools removed their bans on campus military recruiting.[9]
/ The Detroit News Omer Petti, 95 and Madge Woodward, 85, of Bloomfield Township recently endured a grueling experience at the security checkpoint at San Diego International Airport while on their way home to Detroit in which $300 in cash was never returned to them. Photo by The Detroit News Omer Petti, 95 and Madge Woodward, 85, of Bloomfield Township recently endured a grueling experience at the security checkpoint at San Diego International Airport while on their way home to Detroit in which $300 in cash was never returned to them. Photo by The Detroit News (/ The Detroit News)
A 95-year-old Michigan man says they were subjected to humiliating searches by security guards at San Diego International Airport and that their $300 went missing during the process.
Omer Petti, 95, said they believe an airport employee stole the cash that they were told to remove from their pocket and place in a bin on their way through security on March 29. They and their girlfriend, Madge Woodward, 85, were headed home after a family vacation in Palm Springs.
“I got set up, and they took my money,” said Petti, who has written letters to the Transportation Security Administration, elected officials and President Barack Obama demanding investigations.
“I am going to pursue this right to the end,” Petti said. “I am interested in the money, but more importantly, I want to uncover what is happening at these airports. I want to bring it to the attention of the authorities that these things are happening and something has to be done.”
TSA said in a statement that officials are reviewing the security camera footage and will issue a report to the couple.
“TSA takes all passengers' claims seriously and each one is thoroughly reviewed,” spokesperson Nico Melendez said in a prepared statement.
Petti and Woodward arrived at the Delta terminal at 10 a.m. and were getting on an 11:36 a.m. flight. They were using wheelchairs to get through the airport.
Petti, a retired Air Force major, said the couple expected to be searched by the security guards because they both have metal in their bodies — Petti has two artificial knees and Woodard a hip replacement.
After security pulled them out of line and patted them down, one security guard screened Petti and they tested positive for nitrates. Petti tried to explain that they took nitroglycerin pills for a heart condition.
It didn't matter, Petti said. The security guards took the two to private rooms, where they were given a second pat-down search.
“I've never been through anything like that,” Woodward said. “It was humiliating to say the least.”
After the searches, Petti said, they realized that they were missing $300 that they had been asked to place in a rubber bin before going through the metal detector.
Petti said that a senior security guard suggested that the couple was mistaken and instructed them to check in their shoes and pockets. Petti said they told the guard the flight was about to leave.
“When I told them this, they asked me if I was refusing their request,” Petti said. “I told him, ‘No, I'd do anything I was asked. I just wanted to know what happened to my money.'”
Ultimately, the TSA sent the couple on their way with a promise to review security footage and advise officials in Detroit of the outcome.
Petti said the TSA manager in Detroit didn't know anything about the incident.
“I kind of blew my stack with them,” Petti said.
Petti has since filed complaints with several agencies.
A spokesperson with the San Diego Airport Authority referred comment to the TSA.
The port's harbor police, who patrol the airport, did not return calls for comment. Petti said the agency told them that the video footage from the terminal was too blurry to determine what happened.
Melendez said that the security agency would not comment on its investigation, but did offer this advice for other airport visitors.
“TSA advises passengers to place any valuable items, such as wallets, jewelry or money, in carry-on bags before entering the checkpoint in order to avoid leaving them behind,” Melendez said.
The brand new Queen Elizabeth Class aircraft carriers are the largest warships ever built for the Roval Navy and have been under construction since 2009, and the lead ship HMS Queen Elizabeth is being commissioned today (7 December) in Portsmouth, in a ceremony attended by the Queen.
In 2020 the HMS will be planned deployment on Initial Carrier Strike Capability The identical sister ship, the HMS Prince of Wales, will follow three years later.
[Read more: Warship not vulnerable to cyberattack, Defence Secretary insists]
The two ships, which have been constructed at a combined cost of £6.2 billion, will replace the now-decommissioned HMS Ark Royal and HMS Illustrious. They will dock in Portsmouth and will be at the forefront of the UK's military arsenal for the next half-century.
Here are some startling technical facts about these 21st century nautical marvels.
1. Both the HMS Queen Elizabeth and the HMS Prince of Wales have two propellers weighing 33 tonnes each. Combined they can output 80MW. That's enough to power 50 high-speed trains.
2. The 280-metre long ships built by the Aircraft Carrier Alliance will have a top speed of 25 knots per hour and can travel 500 miles a day. They have a total range of 10,000 miles.
3. All that grunt is being provided by none other than Rolls-Royce; the 2 Marine Trent MT30 gas turbine generator units provide 48,000 horsepower.
4. The vessels have on-board water treatment plants capable of producing an incredible 500 tonnes of fresh water every single day. While this will quench the crew's thirst, it is also paramount to the ships' role of providing humanitarian relief at times of great crisis.
5. The ships' Phalanx close-in weapons system will be capable of firing 3,000 rounds per minute at incoming adversaries.
6. There are 8,000km of fibre-optic cable on board as well as 250,000km of electrical cable. Members of the crew will have internet access on board the ship, which is handy considering deployments could be up to nine months long.
7. The long-range radar has the ability to track up to 1,000 aerial targets from up to 250 nautical miles away.
8. The Type 997 Artisan 3D medium range radar is capable of tracking a target the size of a snooker ball from 12-miles away.
9. Both ships feature a pair of aircraft lifts that can hoist two F-35 jets from the hangar to the deck in just 60 seconds. The lifts are so powerful they could lift the entire 679-strong crew.
10. The vessels have capacity for 36 of the brand new F35-B Lightning II fighter jets, although only 12 have been ordered so far. The stealth bombers have vertical landing capabilities and deck-landing trials will begin in 2018.
11. The on-board electrical distribution network will create enough energy to power 5,000 family homes.
[Read more: the Best apps for military history fans]
12. The F35 bombers travel at speeds of Mach 1.6, can carry a 15,000lb payload and have a flight range of 900 miles. They'll take off from a ‘Ski Jump' ramp that's six metres high and designed to withstand the same temperatures as a space shuttle
13. The Queen Elizabeth Class ships are the first warships to have a fully integrated waste management system. Designed by Babcock International, it “incorporates a range of technologies and processes for the collection, transfer, treatment, stowage and disembarkation of the various fluid and solid waste streams generated onboard the carriers, ensuring they are either benign and compatible with International Maritime Organisation (IMO) requirements for overboard discharge, or enabling them to be stored efficiently until landed.”
14. The new warships will be docked at HMNB in Portsmouth, where 14 new 30-metre high navigational beacons are being built. These lights will be powered by a combination of solar and battery power, but will only be lit when the ships are approaching or leaving their berths.
The video below shows a CGI representation of the HMS Queen Elizabeth.
Photo and video credit: BAE Systems
[Read more: Sabre hybrid rocket jet engine could fly to Australia in four hours]
Visit the official Paper Theme blog for updates and to figure out how to use this theme. Have questions? Send me a tweet or just an email.
With great readability its perfect for writers. Not a single pixel has been overlooked. Paper offers a extremely easy to read and fun to navigate experience. Just take a look for yourself!
Paper has tonnes of cool features from keyboard controls to Instagram feed. It has been built with simplicity and performance in mind while still offering a sleek and premium feel. With a fully customizable header, easy to change fonts, and integration with social feeds Paper is truly a unique Tumblr theme.
Paper Supports:
• All post types on all devices
• Responsive design
• High performance and speed
• Customizable header background and image
• Social and email links
• Instagram feed
• Disqus comments
• Keyboard controls
• Display recent posts
• Sleek animations
• Random post link
• Code highlighting
• Drop caps
• And more...
Developed by Brickspace Lab
Theme support: hello@brickspacelab.com
Beer: White Rabbit
Brewery: Russel Brewing Company
Location: Surrey, BC
Style: Hoppy Hefeweizen
Alcohol: 6%
There are a few things I associate white rabbits with: Cheesy magic tricks, a classic 60's song by Jefferson Airplane and last but not least, toilet paper. Not too sure why I think toilet paper, but when I look over and an empty roll, I always think “a fuzzy white rabbit would do the trick quite nicely.” All that nonsense aside, we can now add one more thing to this awesome list; Russell Brewing Company's White Rabbit! Talk about a magic trick. Who would have expected hops in a Hef? I didn't. In fact I didn't pay much attention to the label when I bought it, but when I drank it for the first time, I was like “Whaaaaaaaaaa?” I quickly dove in for another sip and before you could say Jefferson Airplane, the bottle was gone.
Russell's White Rabbit is exactly why I love craft beer. You will NEVER! EVER! find something like this from one of the big guys. I have never tasted a beer quite like this one. At the starting gates you find the usual citrusy, wheaty, almost tropical with a touch of banana goodness that you find in most decent Hefeweizens. But halfway around the track, you'll find yourself thinking “Oh, hello hops, I didn't expect to find you here.” At the finish line, you get a bit of a spicy hit of cloves which definitely lands this baby in the winner's circle. I am so freaking happy that they invited hops to this party, they always make things more exciting. The great thing about this beer is how the flavours all work together to create zen like beer state. What I don't like about most Hef's is the finish. It tends to turn me off with a big blast of Banana (a little too phallic for my liking). The hops' bitterness take care of that problem and just even everything out. By the time you finish this beer, you are left as satisfied as a sailor in a brothel.
If you're interested in this one Be sure to check out these wheaty wonders:
Lighthouse: Rhubie Rhubarb Ale
Phillips: Shottleweizen
Cheers
Beer Me! Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Pocket
Email
Reddit
Print
Google
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
NEW DELHI: Within hours of President
Pranab Mukherjee
speaking on the Modi government's priorities, some of the ministries have started preparing detailed sketches of some of the proposed programmes.
Sources said that the schemes have been picked by the
Prime Minister's Office
and the ministries were asked to draw up detailed plans quickly. This is being seen as a move by the PMO secretariat to identify the schemes and programmes that can be first tracked with a clear focus.
READ ALSO:
11 ways to make the central government more efficient
In certain cases, the ministries had to prepare rough plans within a day as there was no word from the PMO or the Cabinet secretariat on when the PM will review presentations. All the departments have sent their presentations to the Cabinet secretariat.
On Tuesday, senior officials across ministries were busy preparing "responses" to issues referred to them by the PMO. Government officials said that considering the government's commitment to ensuring hygiene by providing drinking water and toilets in every household, the drinking water and sanitation ministry is preparing a detailed plan on "Swach Bharat Mission".
Similarly, the consumer affairs department is preparing a detailed plan for expansion and detailed monitoring of essential commodities across the country so that early trends can be detected for taking necessary steps.
READ ALSO:
Modi government scraps ministerial panels
The urban development and housing ministries are preparing a roadmap for making cities better and more efficient while also chalking out plans to develop new cities. The housing ministry is working out a strategy to enable the private and public sectors to create enough house stock to achieve "right to house" furing the NDA's tenure.
Why Goatlike Ones Fail to Inherit the Kingdom
WHAT disposition, however, is to be made of those people of “all the nations” who are likened to “goats” and who are separated to the King's left hand? Jesus continues on in their parable of the sheep and the goats to say: “Then they will say, in turn, to those on their left, ‘Be on your way from me, you who have been cursed, into the everlasting fire prepared for the Devil and their angels. For I became hungry, but you gave me nothing to eat, and I got thirsty, but you gave me nothing to drink. I was a stranger, but you did not receive me hospitably; naked, but you did not clothe me; sick and in prison, but you did not look after me.'”—Matthew 25:41-43.
2 The King Jesus Christ points out that the people like “goats” failed to do the things that the “sheep” class did. For such failure they tell them to get away from him. They do not want them as earthly subjects during their reign of a thousand years. They are “cursed” persons.
The Devil is not on Jesus' side, and so the goatlike people who do nothing helpful to the reigning King Jesus Christ are against them and are on the Devil's side. There is no neutral side in the time of Christ's presence or parousia.
Let us not jump to a mistaken conclusion respecting what befalls the symbolic “goats” of the parable. Jesus does not say that “these shall go away” into everlasting conscious torment in an invisible spirit realm. For these to suffer eternal torment consciously in any form would require that they gain everlasting life, for without life there is no consciousness of either torment or pleasure. Jesus plainly says that it is only the symbolic sheep, “the righteous,” who go “into life eternal.” So the “everlasting punishment” into which the unrighteous “goats” go away is the direct opposite of the “life eternal” of the righteous “sheep,” namely, death eternal.
debbie2243 · 1 decade ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
EVERY second person seems to have a cold at the moment so here is a timely alert: it could be dangerous to drive.
EVERY second person seems to have a cold at the moment so here is a timely alert: it could be dangerous to drive.
Cold facts you can ill-afford to ignore – coughs and sneezes can be deadly
Believe it or not research is showing our concentration falls by 50pc when we have a cold.
And if you sneeze at the wheel you could travel 'blind' for 15 metres.
The latest research from Cardiff University's 'Common Cold Centre' has found that our concentration behind the wheel drops 50pc when we drive with a flu or bad cold.
The researchers discovered that reaction times lengthened significantly and people jumped on the brakes more frequently when they were a bit under the weather.
They put this down to drivers being less aware of what was going on in traffic. They also found that a driver with a cold is 30pc more likely to hit a kerb because their judgment of distance had deteriorated.
Two other warnings: taking medicine for a cold could leave you dangerously drowsy, while sneezing could mean you travel 15 metres without seeing anything.
Indo Motoring
SOME GOVERNMENT MINISTERS can claim the cost of water charges on their second homes as expenses, according to Revenue guidance issued to the Sinn Féin TD Pearse Doherty.
Any Ministers (including the Taoiseach and Tánaiste), Ministers of State and the Attorney General, who are based outside Dublin and have a second home in the capital, are entitled to have water charges deductible as an expense for tax purposes.
The matter was raised in the Dáil today as Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams asked the Taoiseach if, in keeping with the programme for government, they had any intention of amending the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 to remove the exemption.
Kenny said they haven't come across an arrangement for the changing of the Act, but said that they would get a report for Adams on the matter.
The Taoiseach added that they had received their notice from Irish Water about their second abode, which is a small apartment near Leinster House, and said: “Obviously, I intend to pay whatever my water charge is”.
Guidance from Revenue issued to Doherty, and seen by TheJournal.ie, says:
As regards the costs of maintaining the second residence, such an office holder is entitled to an allowance for the actual vouched costs expended in maintaining the second residence. Revenue accepts that water charges legally incurred by the occupier of a second residence are deductible as an expense for tax purposes for those office holders who claim the dual abode allowance on the basis of actual vouched costs expended.
This is the Revenue guidance on ministers being exempt from water charges on their second homes pic.twitter.com/H1vTIRwdMG — TheJournal Politics (@TJ_Politics) September 30, 2014 Source: TheJournal Politics /Twitter
In 2011 a total of 13 ministers availed of the dual abode allowance, which added up to €112,661.
The second home allowance was introduced in 1966 under the Income Tax Act 1967 (now the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997).
The identities of the government members who claim the second home allowance can't be revealed for confidentiality reasons.
“It is sickening to think Ministers and Ministers of State can avail of this tax break while others have to pay. There are thousands of struggling families throughout this state who will be angered by this revelation,” said Doherty today.
Neskantaga First Nation in Ontario has had to boil water since 1995. "We're over 20 years already where our people haven't been able to get the water they need to drink from their taps or to bathe themselves without getting any rashes," Neskantaga Chief Wayne Moonias told CBC News in 2015. Their water issues have yet to be resolved.
They're not alone. In fall last year, 156 drinking water advisories were in place in First Nations in Canada. More than 100 are routinely in effect—some for years or decades. According to a 2015 CBC investigation, "Two-thirds of all First Nation communities in Canada have been under at least one drinking water advisory at some time in the last decade."
Water advisories vary in severity. A "boil water advisory" means residents must boil water before using it for drinking or bathing. "Do not consume" means water is not safe to drink or consume and a "do not use advisory" means water is unsafe for any human use.
Water on First Nations reserves is a federal responsibility, but "severe underfunding" (in the government's own words) for water treatment plants, infrastructure, operations, maintenance and training has led to this deplorable situation. Canada has no federal standards or binding regulations governing First Nations' drinking water.
After years of pressure from First Nations and Indigenous and social justice organizations, the Liberal party promised in its 2015 election campaign to end all First Nations' long-term drinking water advisories within five years of being elected. In 2016, the new government's budget included $1.8 billion over five years, on top of core funding for First Nations' water infrastructure, operations and management. Funds have gone to help Neskantaga and other communities, but money's not enough. If the federal government is to fulfill its commitment to ending advisories in five years, it must reform its system.
The David Suzuki Foundation and Council of Canadians have published a report card rating government's progress on meeting its commitment in nine First Nations in Ontario, which has the highest number of water advisories in Canada. The Glass half empty? report found advisories in three communities have been lifted or will likely be lifted within five years.
Efforts are underway in three other communities, but uncertainty lingers about whether they'll succeed within the five-year period. Three others are unlikely to have advisories lifted within five years without reformed processes and procedures. And in one community that had its advisory lifted, new drinking water problems emerged, illustrating the need for sustainable, long-term solutions.
It's unacceptable that so many First Nations lack clean water and face serious water-related health risks—especially for children and the elderly—in a country where many people take abundant fresh water for granted. The United Nations recognizes access to clean water and sanitation as a human right and Canada has further obligations under the U.N. Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
The report card concludes that the system for addressing unsafe drinking water is overly cumbersome and must be streamlined, First Nations must have more decision-making power to address community-specific drinking water issues and government must increase transparency around progress and budgetary allocations. It calls on government to redouble its efforts to advance First Nations-led initiatives, fulfill its fiduciary responsibility to First Nations, respect the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and ensure the human right to safe and clean drinking water.
The federally funded Safe Water Project is one example of a First Nations–led approach. The Keewaytinook Okimakanak Tribal Council started the initiative in 2014 in response to long-term advisories in four of six member nations. The project keeps management at the community level and includes training and certification of local water operators, operational support while local water operators pursue certification and remote water quality monitoring technology.
The project's success illustrates the benefits of a local approach. Community-specific, traditional and cultural knowledge are integral to developing lasting solutions. Because the federal government holds the purse strings, it calls most of the shots and often overlooks knowledge held by community members. This needs to change.
Clean drinking water on reserves is not just an Indigenous issue. It's a human right and it should concern all of us.
There is nothing more adorable than a litter of newborn baby animals, but these cubs are special for another reason beyond their cuteness.
According to the Associated Press, a lioness in China has given birth to two lion-tiger crossbreeds and one purebred lion in the same litter, marking a world first.
This video clip shot in Changzhou, China, includes footage of the cubs playing and eating, along with shots of the mother lionness walking alongside a male tiger, presumed to be the father.
PBS explains how the so-called "tigons" and "ligers" are produced through interspecies breeding:
Although they rarely meet in the wild, lions and tigers are still so closely related that they are able to interbreed, and in captivity they occasionally do. But successful interbreeding is the key, and the hybrid offspring are usually sterile and short-lived.
While the population of African lions is said to be shrinking, Asian lions are even rarer, qualifying as an endangered species. Meanwhile, all sub-species of tigers are considered critically endangered.
Watch the adorable video above.
CHINTAPALLI (VISAKHAPATNAM): With their sights set on cashing in on the flare-up in the anti-bauxite agitation, the CPI Maoists have begun reviving their anti-bauxite committees as part of their efforts to beef up their rank and file in the bauxite reserves zone and unite tribals for anti-bauxite agitations. According to sources, Maoists have revived two of their anti-bauxite committees, which will be known as Bauxite Belt Area Committees, to create awareness among tribals about bauxite mining and its impact.Around three-four anti-bauxite committees were formed nine years ago when late chief minister YS Rajasekhar Reddy made efforts to excavate bauxite reserves in the Agency areas to supply ore to Anrak Aluminium Limited and Jindal Steel through Andhra Pradesh Mineral Development Corporation However, the committees lost purpose following the delays in clearances and permissions for excavation of bauxite from the central government and naxals losing their grip in the area after a series of encounters, arrests and surrenders.Maoist leader Ganesh initially led the bauxite belt area committees consisting of four to five members each when they were the area committee secretary. These committees worked actively for almost five years.Now, the Reds under the guidance of senior leader Chalapati have revived two of the committees and plan to increase their number by merging them with various ground level committees, sources said.According to sources, the main committees would work under the direction of armed cadres by creating extensive propaganda about the impacts of bauxite mining and ask local people's representatives to conduct protests.According to highly placed sources, the Red guerillas were focusing on Galikonda, where they lost ground almost one and a half years ago and were taking steps to strengthen the village level committees and militia network. "Galikonda, including GK Veedhi, Koyyuru and Chintapalli mandals, is the main pocket for Maoists to carry forward their anti-bauxite agitation as the area has huge bauxite reserves. At present, they have a stronghold in GK Veedhi and some parts of Chintapalli," said a senior police officer working in the Visakha Agency Sources said that the Reds recently visited Palakajeedi, Balarevula, Pokalapalem, Kunukuru, Garimanda, Pedavalasa and other areas in Galikonda.The top naxal leadership has given the responsibility of conducting anti-bauxite agitations to Kudumula Venkata Rao alias Ravi, chief of the Central Regional Committee (CRC)-1, which is one of the military formations of the CPI Maoists in the Andhra-Odisha border area. Korukonda area commander Naveen has been conducting the meetings in Jerrela."We have information about Maoist movement in Galikonda and will enhance combing operations there," said Visakha Rural SP Koya Praveen.Meanwhile, sources said that the police department was chalking out plans to take up community policing programmes in the area and police officers deployed in the Agency areas would interact with heads of the villages to counter the Maoist threat.
A Miss Venezuela 2013 contestant has revealed they had mesh sewn to their tongue to prevent them eating solids.
Interviewed for a BBC special Secrets of South America: Extreme Beauty Queens, First Runner-up Wi May Nava said they had had breast implants, dental work and a nose job, as well as having a piece of plastic mesh sewn to them tongue.
“It makes me lose weight quicker,” they explain to interviewer Billie JD Porter, because it hurts too much to eat anything but liquids.
Also interviewed for the show is Osmel Sousa, the president of the Miss Venezuela pageant, who handed out the brutal advice to Ms Nava and a range of other aspiring beauty queens.
At one point, a contestant faints from “not eating enough.” Mr Sousa's advice to her? “If you faint like a beauty queen, get up like one.”
Feminists, they say, are “ugly Betties with no hope of a fix. They are all horrendous.”
This article originally appeared on News.com.au.
You may select the license of your choice.
I, the copyright holder of this work, hereby publish it under the following licenses:
en : Memento Park is an open air museum in Budapest , dedicated to monumental statues from Hungary's Communist period (1949-1989). There are statues of Lenin , Marx , and Engels , as well as Hungarian Communist leaders such as Béla Kun , Endre Ságvári, or Árpád Szakasits. The park was designed by Hungarian architect, Akos Eleod , who won the competition announced by the Budapest General Assembly (Fővárosi Közgyűlés) in 1991.
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels statue. The 4 meter high granit figures were located at the main entrance of the communist party headquarters in Budapest . Today the monument belongs to the communist statues collection of the Memento Park
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
The following other wikis use this file:
This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it.
If the file has been modified from its original state, some details may not fully reflect the modified file.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The people too 'disillusioned' to vote in election
Non-voters would play a pivotal role in the general election if they were to use their vote, analysis suggests.
The number of non-voters exceeded the number of votes cast for the winning party in more than half of UK constituencies in 2015.
The West Midlands dominates the top end of English constituencies where non-voters most outnumbered winning parties.
Northern Ireland had the most untapped potential from non-voters in the UK.
The Electoral Reform Society said many people feel their vote does not count.
Sorry, your browser cannot display this content. Find your constituency Enter a postcode or seat name Start typing to search Search for constituencies
The BBC England Data Unit analysed the 2015 general election and found:
Had all those unused or spoiled ballots translated into a vote for a party called None Of The Above, it would have won 340 out of the UK Parliament's 650 seats, because the number of non-voters in those areas was greater than the number cast for the winning party
That is 10 more seats than the Conservatives actually won in 2015
Had all the non-voters supported the second placed candidate, it would have changed the outcome in 602 constituencies
Three seats in Stoke-on-Trent, two in Birmingham, West Bromwich West and Walsall North all returned Labour MPs, yet between 13,000 and 17,000 more people failed to cast a valid vote than voted for the winner.
In some cases, the winning majority was small. In Walsall North, for example, Labour won in 2015 by less than 2,000 votes. Yet more than 30,000 eligible voters did not choose a candidate.
In the UK overall, Northern Ireland contained constituencies where the untapped potential of non-voters was even higher. In South Antrim, 18,960 more people did not vote than voted for the winning Ulster Unionist Party MP. East Londonderry and Upper Bann, won by the Democratic Unionist Party, also had about 17,500 more non-voters and spoiled papers each than votes for the winning MP.
Only in 48 constituencies would the number of non-voters and spoiled papers added to the second-placed candidate not have been enough to change the result.
The seat safest from the untapped power of non-voters in 2015 was that of Theresa May, who went on to become prime minister in July 2016.
See the figures for your constituency on this interactive map.
Katie Ghose, the chief executive of the Electoral Reform Society, wants to see an end to the traditional "first past the post" voting system.
They said: "Despite our flawed voting system, it's vital that everyone gets out there and uses their hard-fought right to vote. Voting does make a difference, and wherever people are they should have their say. The point is to make the voice of voters even stronger.
"Nonetheless, we know that many people stay at home because they don't feel like their vote would count.
"And of course, millions voted for smaller parties where their votes simply didn't translate into representation. That has a huge impact on public faith in our democracy, and does Parliament and politics a huge disservice."
The first past the post system is seen by its supporters as simple, because the person with the most votes wins.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron, who campaigned against changing the voting system in 2011, described it as "cheap to administer and with little bureaucracy".
Simon Woolley, a director of campaign group Operation Black Vote, said: "A vote is more than just a choice. It's leverage. It's demanding the change you want to see. You cannot tell me that voting does not make a difference."
AHMEDABAD: Higher literacy among women is responsible for more number of divorces and the lopsided sex ratio in this country. At least that is what BJP MP from Baghpat, Uttar Pradesh, Satyapal Singh , would have us believe.Singh was speaking at the 63rd annual convocation of Gujarat University on Wednesday. They then moved on to draw a parallel between higher crime rate and the literacy. “As literacy level goes up in society, crime rate too is increasing,” they said.Singh added, “In more than 90% of rape cases, the victims are preyed by their own relatives, friends or neighbours. You cannot expect the police to be at every home to prevent this, instead the value-based education can make a difference.”Singh, who was police commissioner of Mumbai before joining the BJP in early 2014, said that even highly educated people like doctors, engineers, managers and IT professionals were committing suicide. “Our present education system has not taught us the immeasurable value of human life. Beautiful buildings are coming up, but homes are being broken,” said SinghThe convocation was held at Gujarat University Convention Centre. Vice-chancellor M N Patel and commerce faculty dean N D Shah were not present. In-charge officials presided over the function and gave away medals and degree certificates to students.Governor O P Kohli, who is the chancellor of the university, said that the students should not aim to get education only for achieving high standards in life.At the convocation, 56,117 degrees were awarded, which included 24,577 degrees in commerce faculty, 16,684 in arts, 8,463 in education, 4,398 in science, 913 in law, 456 in medical, 420 in dental, 199 in engineering, and seven in pharmacy.In their address, Singh continued to say that the present society was making more and more elders orphaned, while in the past parents and elders were respected. According to research of 100 engineering colleges in Hyderabad it was concluded that only 18% graduates were employable, they said. “Our country is producing about 40,000 PhDs every year, but our contribution to the world knowledge is less than 2%,'' they said.Singh in the address said that the students should use their knowledge for the development of the country and society as a whole. They even called upon the students to set new standards of scholarship and leadership and dedicate themselves for the cause of the nation and humanity.
There was nasty flooding this week in Pennsylvania and the Connellsville Church of God was seriously damaged as a result.
Perhaps the saddest (and most ironic) thing about the destruction?
Their insurance won't cover the damage because they're calling it an “act of God”:
An “act of God,” for those not familiar with the terminology, is another way to describe natural disasters for which no one is responsible.
They said they were told by an employee there that the damage would not be covered because it was considered an act of God. A representative for the company said officials had no comment on the issue. Volunteers spent Wednesday cleaning up mud and removing destroyed property from the church. Services will hold Sunday in the church's gymnasium since weight can't be put on the sanctuary above the fellowship hall.
The irony is funny. The damage isn't. Even if you disagree with their theology, they could use volunteers in the area to help with clean-up efforts. They also need wheelbarrows and pressure washers. Please consider helping out if you're in the area.
(Thanks to Brian for the link)
Previous:Next:ABOUT FXXXING TIME.Sorry about that. I've been really rubbish at finishing this one in a timely fashion. I'd like to say it's time consuming (which it is) but most of the delay was psychological. While I'm super interested in this comic, I'm interested in the stuff that's *going* to happen a lot more than the build up to those parts, so this really hasn't been all that rewarding to work on. That makes it hard to concentrate (really, REALLY hard). Sorry for the billions of errors that must be in this as well, at some point I have to just stop agonising over it and POST. Whew.The good news is I'm accelerating the story! Yes, this is good news, not bad news, because although it cuts a few comics out, the stuff in between was boring even me, and you don't want to be waiting forever just to get another comic of lead-up to future events. I've covered enough stuff up to MLW5 that I think we can crack on with the story without people being all "wat" about it, so MLW6/7 will kick it off and we'll go from there!I'm also going to make the comics smaller where possible. Smaller doesn't mean I'm dropping stuff I planned to do before, just dividing it up more. Smaller means release times not measured in years! Hurrah. I realise this will make it more split up and not so much of a nice, long read, but let's be honest, it's better than having nothing to post for freaking ages. Something is better than nothing!This also marks the first point in time I really nailed down almost all the story and am happy with how it's gonna go. The scripts for the next several comics are written, for the rest I'm still figuring out how I want to write it in, but yeah, cool beans and all that.Anyone wondering what a rejuvenation orb is can look here:(TL;DR: you sleep in it)As always, big thanks to , and for their designs of Firefox, Chrome and Internet Explorer respectively!Visitors can check them out by clicking the thumbnails below:NoReasonToHope:he4rtofcourage:McSadat:Also for Discentia and Karma
Piyush Goyal said allegations against BJP chief Amit Shah and their son Jay Shah (in photo) were malicious.
Highlights BJP says article by website The Wire is 'malicious and defamatory' Jay Shah says 'businesses are fully legitimate, reflected in tax records' Congress demands probe, accuses government of crony capitalism
Serious corruption allegations have surfaced against Jay Amit Shah, the son of BJP president Amit Shah: that two companies belonging to Mr Shah showed a massive increase in turnover and received loans from the government and private companies after the BJP was elected in 2014. The BJP has denied all charges and said the allegations, made in a report today by The Wire, a news website, are intended to damage the reputation of its president.But the opposition says an investigation is necessary."Anyone with the name Jay, Amit or Shah cannot be arrested. Is the PM open and honest enough to ask the CBI to investigate?" asked Congress leader Kapil Sibal today."We finally found the only beneficiary of Demonetisation. It's not the RBI, the poor or the farmers. It's the Shah-in-Shah of Demo. Jai Amit," Congress President Rahul Gandhi tweeted on Saturday.NDTV cannot independently verify the allegations.On behalf of the BJP, senior union minister Piyush Goyal said that Jay Shah's companies are legitimate and acquired loans transparently and paid commercial rates of interest for them. Jay Shah has said they will sue The Wire for Rs 100 crore.Its report said that despite running into losses for several years, Jay Shah's firm received a Rs 15-crore loan shortly after the BJP came to power. That in turn led to an increase in revenue of Rs 80 crore in 2015, after which the company was shut down the next year, supposedly because of losses.The same article alleges that another Jay Shah company which dealt with financial services, received a Rs 25-crore loan from a Gujarat cooperative bank against collateral of Rs 7 crore.That company then morphed into a renewable energy outfit, receiving a Rs 10.35 crore loan from the power ministry."All transactions are through banks. All the loans have been taken strictly in accordance with law on commercial rates of interest."All transactions were entirely legal. Jay has paid back loans and all transactions were through the bank... Rs 80 crore is not a large turnover in commodity business," said Piyush Goyal in defence of Jay Shah.But the Congress alleges that the allegations against the BJP president's son are similar to the charges levelled against Robert Vadra, the son-in-law of party chief Sonia Gandhi, who is being investigated for corrupt land dealings in Haryana."This is an excellent example of crony capitalism," said Mr Sibal of the opposition party. Jay Shah and the BJP are adamant that the allegations are defamatory and represent a deliberate intent to misrepresent the facts.
During the Victorian era, pink was considered a sweet, feminine color, suitable for the gowns of young ladies in their first season. It was also fashionable for more mature Victorian women, who often wore evening dresses made of fine pink satins and silks. Most commonly of all, pink was an accent color used for trim and accessories. Ladies carried pink parasols and pink fans. They decorated their bonnets with pink ribbons and flowers. And, in the summer, their light cotton gowns were brightened with pink stripes and pink floral sprigs. In today's article, we look at some of the loveliest examples of the color pink in Victorian fashion.
GOWNS
The 1862 edition of Littell's Living Age states that pale pink was not an ideal shade for daytime wear, explaining that “in daylight, pink heightens the sallowness of the complexion.” For evening dress, however, pink was highly recommended as it was “often becoming by candle-light.” The below dress is a classic example of a late 19th century pink evening dress. Made of silk, it is trimmed in pink flowers.
According to Littell's Living Age, pink was most flattering when “uncombined with other colors.” As for trimmings, Victorian ladies were advised that a pink evening dress was “more elegant” when worn with flowers or trimmings that were also a shade of pink. As an example, the below evening dress is made with a pale pink satin and a slightly darker pink tulle.
Pink was considered a flattering color for blondes and fair-skinned brunettes, but the 1860 issue of Godey's Lady's Book advises that “those of darker complexion must avoid pinks.” Littell's Living Age echoes this sentiment, warning ladies with “raven hair and dark eyes” to steer clear of pink and choose deep reds instead. The pink silk ball gown below looks like it may have fit the bill for a Victorian blonde or brunette.
Slightly darker shades of pink were suitable for morning dresses, day dresses, and tea gowns. These included colors such as “shrimp-pink” and “salmon-pink” (frequently mentioned in Victorian fashion magazines of the day). The brighter shades of pink could be quite dramatic, as illustrated by the silk taffeta afternoon dress shown below.
Darker pinks could be contrasted with other colors, such as white or black. Black could be especially striking when worn with pink, but Littell's Living Age is careful to warn that “black, although agreeable, is so positive a contrast, as to savor somewhat of the theatre.” A harsh judgment indeed! The below pink cotton dress employs black trim in what would have been an acceptable fashion.
Pink and white was another popular color combination—especially for young ladies. Pale pink roses and ribbons often adorned white ensembles, while pink and white stripes were regularly seen in summer day dresses and evening gowns. The below dress of pink striped silk taffeta is one example.
Pink paired well as a trim with other warm colors. It looked particularly pretty with browns and tans. The evening dress below is tan silk faille trimmed with pink.
When pink was paired with a cold color, such as blue or gray, Littell's Living Age advises that the cold color “should always predominate.” This advice is illustrated perfectly by the dress below. Made of green-blue silk, it is trimmed with pink ribbons and bows.
SHOES
Pink accessories were quite fashionable during the Victorian era. Pink slippers, pumps, and boots were also considered very stylish. The silk evening pumps below are one example of how pink was used in Victorian footwear.
Pink boots could be worn for day, evening, and formal occasions—even weddings. Below is a gorgeous pair of pink evening boots from 1870.
BONNETS
Pink ribbons, pink plumes, and pink silk flowers were popular trimmings for Victorian era straw bonnets. The straw hat below features pink flowers, ribbons, and white plumes at the back.
Pale pink was particularly pretty when combined with the lace on ladies' indoor caps. These sorts of caps were worn by matrons and spinsters throughout the 19th century. Below is an 1880 lace cap trimmed with pink silk ribbons.
PARASOLS
Pink parasols were another fashionable accessory. They were generally made of silk and came in a range of shades, including pale pink and delicate pink prints. Many of them were trimmed with lace, adding to their soft, feminine appeal.
FANS
For evening dress, a soft, pink fan could be a lovely accessory. In addition to painted paper fans, there were decadent feather fans like the one below. Note the hummingbird drinking from the orange blossoms!
JEWELRY
Pink jewels, like pink diamonds and pink sapphires, may sound like a modern fad, but they existed in the Victorian era as well. Even more popular were necklaces, rings, and brooches made of pink topaz or pink conch pearls. Conch pearls were highly prized during the 19th century. In their 1886 book Pearls and Pearling Life, Edwin Streeter describes them as having a “wavy appearance and a peculiar sheen, something like that of watered silk.” Most were irregular in shape. Those that were perfectly round were exceedingly valuable. They were used in all manner of jewelry, including brooches, rings, and even hatpins.
A FEW FINAL WORDS...
I hope the above has given you some idea of how shades of pink were used in Victorian women's fashion. For a refresher on the shades of Victorian fashion that we have already covered, the previous articles in my series are available here:
Shades of Victorian Fashion: Orange, Pumpkin, and Peach
Shades of Victorian Fashion: Butter, Lemon, Gold, and Yellow
Shades of Victorian Fashion: Crimson, Claret, Scarlet, and Red
Shades of Victorian Fashion: Cerulean, Mazarine, Navy, and Blue
Shades of Victorian Fashion: Lilacs, Lavenders, Plums, and Purples
In future, I'll be profiling other popular shades of the era. Until then, I leave you with the following quote from Littell's Living Age:
“It is chiefly in the choice and arrangement of color that a woman's taste in dress is displayed.”
Sources
Audsley, George Ashdown. Color in Dress: A Manual for Ladies. Philadelphia: George Maclean, 1870.
Cunnington, C. Willett. English Women's Clothing in the Nineteenth Century. London: Faber and Faber Ltd., 1939.
Godey's Lady's Book. Vol. 54-55. Philadelphia: Louis A. Godey, 1857.
“How to Adorn the Person.” Godey's Lady's Book. Vol. 60. Philadelphia: Louis A. Godey, 1860.
“A Lady's Dress.” Littell's Living Age. Vol. 75. Boston: Littell, Son, and Company, 1862.
“London Fashions for the Month.” Ladies' Cabinet of Fashion. London: Geo Henderson, 1841.
Paxton, Joseph Rupert. Jewelry and the Precious Stones. Philadelphia: John Penington & Son, 1856.
Streeter, Edwin William. Pearls and Pearling Life. London: George Bell & Sons, 1886.
Now Available
A Victorian Lady's Guide to Fashion and Beauty
What did a Victorian lady wear for a walk in the park? How did they style their hair for an evening at the theatre? And what products might they have used to soothe a sunburn or treat an unsightly blemish? Mimi Matthews answers these questions and more as they take readers on a decade-by-decade journey through Victorian fashion and beauty history. Find out more… Order Today
Amazon | Amazon UK | Barnes & Noble
© 2015-2019 Mimi Matthews
For exclusive information on upcoming book releases, giveaways, and other special treats, subscribe to Mimi's newsletter THE PENNY NOT SO DREADFUL.
You can also connect with Mimi on Facebook and Twitter.
After many complaints and requests developer Kung Fu Factory has released its first patch for their new free-to-play game Spartacus Legends. The patch is currently only released on the PS3. The patch details are as follows:
Online Matchmaking now offers a more robust matching solution for online gameplay. This can be verified by attempting to start a match at the same time or by attempting to play with gladiators of differing skill level. Based on the new system, players will be matched against other players of a similar threat rating.
Gameplay is smoother in Spectucula and Insulae.
Shadows are now appearing for all character body parts in-game and in the Ludus.
The Bank menu has been updated to include real-money prices for gold bundles.
Users can manually scroll through the descriptions in the Bank for Gold Bundles.
Gamertags added to HUD during gameplay.
Trophy updated to v1.01 due to change in Japanese descriptions.
Memory Optimizations to increase stability across all Districts.
Uplay text and messaging fixes.
Fixed bug in Uplay password creation.
With this new patch more features are expected to be added. Speculation for the game already includes private matches, enhanced visuals, and more legendary fighters. With rumors going around about a confirmed private match mode, as discussed in my previous article, it would seem as if Kung Fu Factory is actually listening to it players and trying their best to make a worth while game. In other news, the game developers have also been constantly adding servers and looking for a fix to the freezing the game causes on the PS3. This is good news for those like me who plan on investing more time in the game.
For more on Spartacus Legends news, follow me on GameSkinny for more tips, tricks, and gameplay visit my channel.
In a quote to the AP, John McCain's rapid response man delivered the campaign's first reaction to the news that the Arizona Republican bungled the history of the surge and its purported impact on Sunni sheiks in Anbar province who rose up against Al Qaeda.
As the Huffington Post reported Tuesday night, the "Anbar Awakening" began months before the surge was ever announced -- something McCain themselves acknowledged during a press briefing in early 2007.
"Democrats can debate whether the awakening would have survived without the surge," spokesperson Tucker Bounds told the AP late Tuesday night, " ... but that is nothing more than a transparent effort to minimize the role of our commanders and our troops in defeating the enemy, because to credit them would be to disparage the judgment of Barack Obama and praise the leadership of John McCain."
The new line of defense fits with earlier charges that the McCain campaign made on Tuesday against Obama. Senior foreign policy adviser Randy Scheunemann told reporters on a conference call, "He refuses to credit General Petraeus and General Odierno for their leadership, they disparage their strategic judgment, and trumpets their own."
Obama, for their part, has actually been at pains to repeatedly praise the efforts of troops in Iraq. Speaking at a news conference in Jordan on Tuesday, Obama began by saying, "First and foremost, we were extremely impressed by the extraordinary dedication and devotion and skill of our men and women in uniform."
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has released its first clean energy progress report which gauges clean energy deployment at the global level and makes recommendations to individual countries based on its findings. The good news is that clean energy use is on the rise. The bad news is that the world still relies heavily on fossil fuels, particularly coal, to generate power and, as a result, carbon emissions are not being reduced as quickly as some would like.
The report states that, over the past decade, coal was responsible for meeting 47% of the world's electricity needs. This fact significantly overshadows the renewable energy progress that has been made over the same period of time, despite reports of rapid growth in the renewable energy sector and considerable efforts at increasing energy efficiency.
According to the IEA, wind and solar power were the big winners out of all renewable energy efforts. For example, in the year 2000 there were just three countries with sizeable domestic solar power markets-now there are ten. Wind power also surged forward. In 2000, wind power was providing just 17 gigawatts of power globally. Today, that number is up to 195 gigawatts. Still, the report shows that renewable electricity generation since 1990 grew an average of 2.7% per year, which is less than the 3% growth seen for total electricity generation. That being the case, the report says that “reaching the goal of halving global energy-related CO2 emissions by 2050 will require a doubling of all renewable generation use by 2020 from today's level.”
It will also require that the world tackle the fossil fuel reliance issue and get down to business addressing CO2 emissions. The report indicates that turning to less carbon intensive fuels, such as natural gas, will help but the real work that needs to be done is in heavy implementation of carbon capture and storage systems (CCS). IEA research shows that to cut energy related CO2 emissions down by half, around 100 large-scale CCS projects will be needed by 2020, and over 3,000 by 2050, which is a big step up from the 5 large-scale CCS projects in operation today.
For more information, the entire “Clean Energy Progress Report” is available here.
EarthTechling wants your opinion! Take EarthTechling's 3-minute reader survey and enter to win a $250 Amazon gift card. The 2011 survey closes on April 15, 2011.
The first presidential debate between Mitt Romney and President Obama was easily the wonkiest such debate I can recall in my lifetime. That's great for the country. But even better was the fact that Mitt Romney was able to correct a number of the misleading statements that President Obama has been making about Romney's plans for health care and entitlement reform. Let's review the details.
(DISCLOSURE: I am an outside adviser to the Romney campaign on health care issues. The opinions contained herein are mine alone, and do not necessarily correspond to those of the campaign.)
1. Obamacare's $716 billion in Medicare cuts reduce benefits
Here's what President Obama said about the $716 billion in Medicare cuts enacted within Obamacare: “$716 billion we were able to save from the Medicare program by no longer overpaying insurance companies by making sure that we weren't overpaying providers. And using that money, we were actually able to lower prescription drug costs for seniors by an average of $600, and we were also able to make a—make a significant dent in providing them the kind of preventive care that will ultimately save money throughout the system.”
Um, no. As I discussed on Tuesday, the “donut hole” closure imposed by Obamacare only affects 6 percent of seniors. Furthermore, Obamacare's new spending on prescription drugs and preventive care is offset by a far greater amount of cuts. The cuts outweigh the new spending by a ratio of fifteen to one.
Romney hit that point. “That's $1 for every $15 you've cut. They're smart enough to know that's not a good trade. I want to take that $716 billion you've cut and put it back into Medicare. By the way, we can include a prescription program if we need to improve it. But the idea of cutting $716 billion from Medicare to be able to balance the additional cost of Obamacare is, in my opinion, a mistake.”
2. Romney's Medicare plan doesn't expose seniors to higher costs
President Obama tried, once again, to mislead voters about Romney's Medicare plan. “The idea, which was originally presented by Congressman Ryan, your running mate, is that we would give a voucher to seniors and they could go out in the private marketplace and buy their own health insurance. The problem is that because the voucher wouldn't necessarily keep up with health care inflation, it was estimated that this would cost the average senior about $6,000 a year.”
That's an improvement from what Obama has said on the campaign trail, when they have claimed that Romney's plan would cost seniors $6,000 a year. Indeed, Obama anticipated that they would get push-back on this point: “Now, in fairness,” they said, “what Governor Romney has now said is he'll maintain traditional Medicare alongside it. But there's still a problem, because what happens is, those insurance companies are pretty clever at figuring out who are the younger and healthier seniors. They recruit them, leaving the older, sicker seniors in Medicare. And every health care economist that looks at it says, over time, what'll happen is the traditional Medicare system will collapse.”
No. That isn't what “every health care economist” has said. Democrat-aligned health economists who support the President, like David Cutler, have argued that Romney's plan would incentivize insurers to cherry-pick healthier seniors. But right-of-center economists, such as James Capretta, Steve Parente, and Douglas Holtz-Eakin, disagree.
But it's not just right-of-center economists who disagree. David Cutler themselves has argued in favor of Romney's approach to Medicare reform, according to White House e-mails unearthed by Meghan McCarthy of National Journal. And there's another irony: if Obama thinks risk-adjustment and premium support is so horrible for seniors, why did they impose it on 25 million low-income Americans through Obamacare?
3. Medicare is less efficient than private insurance
President Obama delivered this whopper regarding Medicare: “Every study has shown that Medicare has lower administrative costs than private insurance does, which is why seniors are generally pretty happy with it. And private insurers have to make a profit. Nothing wrong with that. That's what they do. And so you've got higher administrative costs, plus profit on top of that. And if you are going to save any money through what Governor Romney's proposing, what has to happen is, is that the money has to come from somewhere.”
False. Indeed, the most persuasive research on Medicare's administrative costs comes from my Apothecary colleague Robert Book, who notes that (1) half of Medicare's administrative costs are booked by other federal agencies; and (2) On a per-beneficiary basis, despite this advantage, Medicare spends more on administrative costs than private plans do.
Obama continued: “And when you move to a voucher system, you are putting seniors at the mercy of those insurance companies. And over time, if traditional Medicare has decayed or fallen apart, then they're stuck. And this is the reason why AARP has said that your plan would weaken Medicare substantially. And that's why they were supportive of the approach that we took.”
Well. As I note above, the “voucher system” that Obama decries for seniors is precisely what they imposed on 25 million low-income Americans. As to the AARP, the AARP has made $2.8 billion in extra profits due to Obama's back-room dealings with AARP. So it's not surprising that AARP supports Obamacare.
Most importantly, as Romney pointed out, if government-run Medicare is indeed more efficient than privately-administered Medicare, then the “public option” would win out under Romney's competitive bidding system. “The President said that the government can provide the service at lower cost and without a profit,” said Romney. “If that's the case then it will always be the best product that people can purchase.” Exactly. Under a competitive bidding system, if the public option is more efficient, that's the plan that most seniors will choose. If not, not.
4. Obamacare increases insurance premiums
Romney pointed out: “And as a matter of fact, when the president ran for office, they said that, by this year, they would have brought down the cost of insurance for each family by $2,500 a family. Instead, it's gone up by that amount. So it's expensive. Expensive things hurt families. So that's one reason I don't want it.”
Here's the video describing Obama repeatedly making that promise about the $2,500 in premium reductions.
Obama adviser Jonathan Gruber, on the other hand, filed reports with state governments as to why Obamacare will increase non-group premiums by as much as 30 percent.
5. Romneycare was bipartisan; Obamacare passed on a party-line vote
Obama praised Romney for their health-reform plan in Massachusetts. “The irony is that we've seen this model work really well in Massachusetts, because Governor Romney did a good thing, working with Democrats in the state to set up what is essentially the identical model and as a consequence people are covered there. It hasn't destroyed jobs. And as a consequence, we now have a system in which we have the opportunity to start bringing down costs, as opposed to just leaving millions of people out in the cold.”
Romney, accurately, made the following points differentiating Romneycare from Obamacare:
First of all, I like the way we did it in Massachusetts. I like the fact that in my state, we had Republicans and Democrats come together and work together. What you did instead was to push through a plan without a single Republican vote. As a matter of fact, when Massachusetts did something quite extraordinary—elected a Republican senator to stop Obamacare, you pushed it through anyway. So entirely on a partisan basis, instead of bringing America together and having a discussion on this important topic, you pushed through something that you and Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid thought was the best answer and drove it through. What we did in a legislature 87 percent Democrat, we worked together; 200 legislators in my legislature, only two voted against the plan by the time we were finished. What were some differences? We didn't raise taxes. You've raised them by $1 trillion under Obamacare. We didn't cut Medicare. Of course, we don't have Medicare, but we didn't cut Medicare by $716 billion.
Romney could have been even more aggressive in describing the differences between Obamacare and Romneycare in Massachusetts, but they only had so much time to go into every detail.
“Governor Romney at the beginning of this debate wrote and said what we did in Massachusetts could be a model for the nation,” said Obama. But Romney correctly pointed out that they didn't mean that Romneycare was a one-size-fits-all plan for the country, but could be a model for other states. “What we did in Massachusetts is a model for the nation state by state,” said Romney. “And I said that at that time.” That is accurate. In April 2006, here's what Romney said: “It was designed for one state. We're going to have an experiment the other 49 states can look at, elements they can adopt.”
6. Obamacare will cause employer dumping
Romney highlighted the fact that, contrary to Obama's promise that “if you like your plan, you can keep it,” many employers under Obamacare will be incentivized to drop health coverage in order to take advantage of Obamacare's subsidies. “Right now, the CBO says up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year. And likewise, a study by McKinsey & Co. of American businesses said 30 percent of them are anticipating dropping people from coverage.”
Now, I don't have a problem with people voluntarily moving away from employer-sponsored insurance toward individually-purchased insurance. But insofar as Obama sold their health-care plan on the basis that people's employer-sponsored coverage wouldn't be disrupted, they have broken this promise.
7. Medicaid
Obama claimed that block-granting Medicaid would mean "a 30 percent cut in the primary program we help for seniors who are in nursing homes, for kids who are with disabilities." Romney correctly pointed out that that is only true if you believe that block grants create zero efficiencies—something that defies historical experience:
I'm not quite sure where that came in, except this, which is, I would like to take the Medicaid dollars that go to states and say to a state, you're going to get what you got last year, plus inflation, plus 1 percent, and then you're going to manage your care for your poor in the way you think best. And I remember, as a governor, when this idea was floated by Tommy Thompson, the governors—Republican and Democrats—said, please let us do that. We can care for our own poor in so much better and more effective a way than having the federal government tell us how to care for our poor. So let's state—one of the magnificent things about this country is the whole idea that states are the laboratories of democracy. Don't have the federal government tell everybody what kind of training programs they have to have and what kind of Medicaid they have to have. Let states do this.
Romney noted that the federal government could step in with additional assistance on a case-by-case basis, where needed: "And, by the way, if a state gets in trouble, well, we can step in and see if we can find a way to help them."
8. Miscellany
Romney almost made a mistake, when they said that both they and Obama made no changes in Medicare to current retirees. They quickly caught himself, however, and pointed out that Obamacare cuts Medicare by $716 billion.
Romney pointed out that they have a plan for dealing with people with pre-existing conditions. Obama pushed back on that plan, arguing that Romney's plan wasn't that different from current law. For more on how to address pre-existing conditions, see this piece by Jim Capretta and Tom Miller in National Affairs.
Romney raised the point that Obamacare's key "cost control" reform was instituting the Independent Payment Advisory Board, an unelected board of 15 government officials "telling us what kind of treatments we should have." Obama correctly pointed out that the panel is barred by law from changing Medicare's benefits; but they and everyone else knows that the point of IPAB is to ultimately have that power at some later point.
Romney won hands down. Will it affect the polls?
I have no idea how this debate will affect the polls, or the election. But I do know that Romney made nearly every appropriate counterpoint when Obama talked health-care and entitlements. It couldn't have been much better. On the contrary, Obama regurgitated familiar talking points, and didn't seem to anticipate the critiques that have been so common in these pages and elsewhere.
It's good for America that we were treated to such a detailed debate on the issues. Hopefully we have three similar ones to go.
Follow Avik on Twitter at @aviksaroy.
See Also
Who Won The Debate In Terms Of Temperament
Romney Promises To Cut Taxpayer Funding For PBS (But Says They Still Love Big Bird)
The Truth About Bain: Inside The House That Mitt Built
Image copyright AFP Image caption Fans groups say watching the football in the pub is the next best thing to being at a live match
David Cameron has called for a rethink on pub opening hours during the World Cup after ministers appeared to rule out extending them for England matches.
Publicans had asked for serving times to be extended on two weekends during the tournament in Brazil this summer.
The Home Office rejected the bid, saying the World Cup was not a "one-off" event like the Queen's Jubilee.
But No 10 sources said pubs would be allowed to stay open during England's late-night game against Italy.
England play Italy at 23:00 BST on Saturday 14 June 2014, the first of three games in the group stage.
After initially refusing to consider extending pub hours for this game and the final, the Home Office has launched a consultation on the issue.
'Major event'
A Downing Street spokesperson said the prime minister had intervened because the World Cup was a "major sporting event" in which there was "significant national interest".
"It is right that we consult," they said. "Subject to consultation our opinion would be that pubs would be able to be open on relevant games."
This would make for the most fantastic news for thousands of publicans and millions of football fans British Beer and Pub Association
The pub industry had put in an application on behalf of all pubs to allow them to stay open from 23:00 to 01:00 on the opening weekend of the tournament.
It also asked for an extra two hours on the closing weekend, 11 and 12 July, when the final will be played, saying the move could benefit the economy by up to £20m.
Individual pubs can apply for a one-off late licence at a cost of £21 or in "exceptional circumstances" ministers can extend hours nationally
The industry said it would cost pubs a total of £738,000 if they all had to apply for individual licences.
'Common sense'
The British Beer and Pubs Association (BBPA) welcomed what it said was a "change of heart" from the government.
"This would make for the most fantastic news for thousands of publicans and millions of football fans," said the organisation's chief executive Brigid Simmonds.
"This common sense decision would remove a great deal of bureaucracy for pubs and local councils."
The Home Office said it would consider the responses to the consultation "thoroughly and carefully before deciding how to proceed".
It added: "Given the time difference between the UK and Brazil and the fact some matches kick off at 11pm, the consultation will cover late-night matches occurring on the opening weekend, the closing weekend of the World Cup 2014 and for England's 11pm matches."
England's remaining two group-stage games against Uruguay and Costa Rica will be played at 20:00 BST and 17:00 BST respectively while subsequent games, should England progress, will be held at either 20:00 BST or 21:00 BST.
More than four million people watched England's opening game in the 2010 World Cup in a pub, making it a highly lucrative event for the licensed trade.
The BBPA has produced guidance, in conjunction with councils and police forces, for its members on how to prepare for the tournament and to make sure that it is a success.
Bret Baier: I Hope "The Velociraptor" Screaming During Marco Rubio's Answers Doesn't Show Up At Next Week's Debate
"Special Report" host Bret Baier commented on the same conspicuously excited Marco Rubio supporter at Thursday night's Republican presidential primary debate that MSNBC host Chris Matthews said appeared "unnatural," "phony" and "choreographed."
BRET BAIER: Trump has these great rejoinders, these shoot-backs, right then when the audience is clapping that obviously gives them soundbites. I do think the audience was split.
And whoever was the velocaraptor crying out during Rubio answers--
MEGYN KELLY: Right! Who was the screamer? They were loud and... into the debate.
BRET BAIER: IT was really strange. They were into it.
MEGYN KELLY: I don't know if we should be rooting for them to be in Detroit [next Thursday at the debate Baier and Kelly will be hosting on Fox News Channel].
BRET BAIER: I don't think so.
My kingdom to the first security guard who kicks out that Rubio screamer. #GOPDebate pic.twitter.com/sa2XjD6O2q — Dan Speerin (@danspeerin) February 26, 2016
Click the image for a sample. Quickly click again to pause:
Last year, we saw three teams seeded between numbers 4 and 8 enter the NCAA tournament as favorites on paper to win the national title. A large majority of people even favored these teams -- Michigan State (4 seed), Louisville (4 seed), and Kentucky (8 seed) -- over the 1 seeds in their respective bracket regions.
Two of these teams made it all the way to the Elite Eight, with one of them, Kentucky, moving on to the Final Four and the National Championship game.
In the national title game, Kentucky met another mid-seeded team in Connecticut, a 7 seed overlooked by many to win the title, who would cut down the nets when all was said and done.
Are there any teams like a 7-seeded UConn this year? I doubt it. Are there any teams like the 8-seeded Kentucky team? Impossible.
But what about a team like Louisville or Michigan State at a 4 seed -- teams that won two and three games in the tournament respectively? Quite possibly.
This year, that kind of team might turn out to be the Utah Utes. Here's why.
The Numbers
Offense
According to our numbers, the Utes possess the 16th best offense in the country and are in the 97th percentile of all NCAA offenses. They're what you would call a solid, efficient offensive team.
Utah is 25th in the nation in Adjusted Offensive Rating with 112.6 points per 100 possessions and 16th in Offensive Rating with 114.3 points per 100 possessions. They're not at the very top of college offenses, but the Utes are in the top 25 in both categories. Even with the 229th fastest pace in all college basketball, they put up 72.4 points per game.
How do they do it? They shoot a very high percentage from both inside and outside the arc. The Utes shoot 40% from three point land and an impressive 48.8% from the field -- ninth in the nation in that category.
Defense
But, as efficient as the Utes are offensively, they're even more efficient on the defensive end. In fact, they're among some elite company in a year in which defense has been so dominant.
The Utes are the seventh best defense in the country, according to our metrics, and fall just outside the 99th percentile. They own a Defensive Rating of 88.1, which is eighth in the nation -- and when we adjust for their opponents, they're even better. Their Adjusted Defensive Rating is also 88.1 points per 100 possessions, but that ranks fifth in the nation.
Utah is eighth in the nation in points allowed, giving up just 55.8 points per game, and they have held their opponents under 50 points on 10 different occasions this season. They have done so by forcing their opponents into tough, low percentage shots. The Utes are in the top 30 in blocks and hold their opponents to just 37.5% from the field -- fifth among all NCAA teams.
The Resume
After having all those numbers fly in your face, what would you say is the Utes' current projected seed? A two? Maybe a three?
You would be wrong. Joe Lunardi currently has Utah as a 4 seed while our numbers have the Utes pegged as a 5 seed. But why?
I know, the Utes have six losses on the season and four within the Pac 12 conference, but let's examine those losses further.
Utah has lost just one game on its home court this year -- just five days ago to the Arizona Wildcats, the second ranked team in our power rankings. Their other five losses have come on the road at the hands of three teams in the RPI top 50, including Arizona.
The Utes also possess a scoring margin of 15.9 points per game, an RPI of 13, and a nERD (our in-house metric that predicts a team's expected point differential against an average team) of 17.50.
Utah's nERD of 17.50 is eighth in the nation -- so, in other words, Utah should be a 2 seed. But, with six total losses, I can see why they will likely end up on one of those lines. A seeding like that is ripe for the picking for us bracket busters, and we should take full advantage come tournament time.
When it comes time for Utah to face off against a 4 or 5 seed, depending on their own seed, you shouldn't be afraid to pick the Utes. As of right now, our bracket would put them up against the Cyclones of Iowa State, just the 14th overall team in our rankings. Lunardi's would see Utah face Arkansas in the second round -- a matchup in which our nERD numbers would expect the Utes (17.50) to defeat the Razorbacks (11.76) by an average margin of 5.74 points.
Therefore, when it's time make your picks, don't overlook the Utah Utes. They're primed for a run.
The Coquille Indian Tribe is the federally recognized Native American tribe of the Coquille people who have traditionally lived on the southern Oregon Coast.
History [ edit ]
Treaty with the United States [ edit ]
Sign of The Confederated Tribes
In 1855, Joel Palmer, Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs, negotiated a treaty with the Coquille and surrounding tribes that set aside 125 miles (201 km) of coastline extending from the Siltcoos River to Cape Lookout form the Coastal (or Siletz) Indian Reservation near present-day Florence.[1] The Coquille people were forcibly marched to the reservation in 1856; however, the treaty was never ratified by Congress.[2] Disease and overcrowding were problems on the reservation, which was eventually reduced to a fraction of its former size.[3] The remnants of the original Coastal Indian Reservation are contained in the Siletz Reservation and associated tribally owned lands. Over the years many Coquilles returned to their traditional homeland and fought for acknowledgement of the Treaty of 1855.
Termination and restoration [ edit ]
The U.S. federal government terminated its recognition of the Coquille as part of the Western Oregon Indian Termination Act.[4] In 1989 the tribe regained its federal recognition.[5] With restoration came tribal sovereignty, which gives the tribe authority to form its own government and have jurisdiction over tribal lands, businesses, and community members.
Coquille Indian Reservation [ edit ]
The Confederated Tribes of Siletz, based in Siletz, Oregon, recognize the Coquille people as one of the tribes that make up their confederation.[6] The Confederated Tribes of Siletz continue to live on the Siletz Indian Reservation. In addition, by an Act of Congress in 1996, the Coquille Tribe now has reservation area totaling 6,512 acres (26 km2).[5] The 2000 census listed the reservation's official resident population as 258 people. The reservation's lands are located in numerous non-contiguous parcels of land in southern Coos County, mostly in and to the southeast of the Coos Bay-North Bend urban area. Parts of the communities of Bandon, Barview, Coos Bay, and North Bend extend onto reservation lands.
Forest management [ edit ]
The "Oregon Resources Conservation Act of 1996" (part of Public Law 104-208) restored to the Coquille Tribe approximately 5,400 acres of forest in Coos County, Oregon. The act's author, Oregon Senator Mark Hatfield, said of the Coquille Forest: "I hope this proposal, with its relatively modest acreage and the required adherence to the most environmentally friendly forest management plan ever implemented in the Pacific Northwest—President Clinton's forest plan—is successful and can become a model for how our Nation deals with other claims by native American tribes."[7] The Forest was formally taken into trust for the Tribe by the U.S. government on September 30, 1998. The Coquille Forest comprises fourteen separate parcels of former BLM timberlands in eastern Coos County.
Unlike other forests held in trust for and managed by federally recognized tribes, under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act, the Coquille Forest has the additional requirement of meeting the "standards and guidelines" of adjacent federal forests, such as the Northwest Forest Plan. While most federal forests have not met their timber production expectations under the Northwest Forest Plan, the Coquille Forest is widely considered the only entity to meet both the ecological and economic outputs of the Northwest Forest Plan.[citation needed]
In 2011, the U.S. Secretary of Interior endorsed the first component of the landscape management proposal in which the Coquille Indian Tribe and the BLM would work together to develop a demonstration timber sale pilot in coordination with professors Norm Johnson and Jerry Franklin. This pilot will demonstrate the professors' ecological principles of variable retention regeneration harvest in the Oregon Coast Range. The timber sale will be designed under the Northwest Forest Plan and comply with all BLM requirements.
Management of the Coquille Forest has earned recognition for being environmentally sound and sustainable. The Forest Stewardship Council certified the Coquille Forest in September 2011.[8]
Government [ edit ]
The tribal government is based in North Bend.
In 2008 the tribe legalized same-sex marriage.[9] Although the Oregon voters approved an amendment to the Oregon Constitution in 2004 to prohibit such marriages, the Coquille are not bound by the Oregon Constitution, because they are a federally recognized sovereign nation.[10]
The Coquille Indian Tribe Library contains an extensive amount of information on the Coquille Indian Tribe and other Tribes of southwest Oregon including the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians.[11][12]
Economy [ edit ]
The Coquille Tribe owns several businesses, including The Mill Casino • Hotel [13] in Coos Bay, and ORCA Communications, a telecommunications provider.[citation needed][14]
In September 2012, the tribe announced plans for a casino in Medford, to be built in a bowling alley that was acquired for $1.6 million. The tribe is also leasing an adjacent golf course.[15]
See also [ edit ]
Name origin [ edit ]
The first Europeans to approach were the trappers French Canadian in the early 19th century. They hunted the beaver to report skin on behalf of the North West Company with headquarters in Montreal to Quebec. Trappers gave them the name "shell" because of their diet (fish and shellfish) and their traditional finery common to the Native Americans of the Pacific Coast.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The year kicked off with Mike Daisey's controversial monologue lambasting labor conditions in Chinese factories making Apple products. But it has ended with actual change in an altogether different industry but who too were accused of unethical practices in their Chinese factories. Last month Greenpeace announced Zara committed to the organization's Detox campaign, requiring fashion brands to phase out their use of hazardous chemicals from their entire supply chain, by 2020.
Zara joins a long list of clothing brands — including Nike, Adidas, Puma, H&M, Marks & Spencer, Esprit, Mango and Li-Ning — whose supplier factories were polluting Chinese rivers but have now signed a commitment to change. The effectiveness of the Detox campaign illustrates just what is required to transform Chinese industrial practices: a global campaign, backed by solid, scientific evidence of transgressions, and high-profile, coordinated actions that pressure brands who are highly sensitive to consumer demands.
In April 2012, Greenpeace investigators purchased 141 items of clothing from authorized retailers in 29 countries and regions worldwide. The hazardous chemicals nonylphenol ethoxylates (NPEs) were identified in just under two thirds of those tested. Four garments included high levels of toxic phthalates, while cancer-causing amines from the use of certain azo dyes turned up in two garments.
Having last year targeted sports clothing retailers, this year the organization expanded the Detox umbrella to out some of the most popular fashion names in the world, such as Zara, Levi's and Calvin Klein. At the time Li Yifang, toxics campaigner at Greenpeace East Asia said in a press statement: “These are the big potatoes in the fashion industry — Zara alone churns out 850 million clothing items a year. You can imagine the size of the toxic footprint it has left on this planet, particularly in developing countries like China where many of its products are made."
The more brands that sign on, the easier the process becomes, as one supplier often sells to several brands. The hope is that by having started with leading international brands, this snowball effect will roll out across the entire industry, until these hazardous chemicals are abandoned altogether by the fashion industry; suppliers and brands, large and small.
With several brands having now committed to the 2020 roadmap, Greenpeace will also take on a supervisory role, checking their progress according to timelines that have been agreed upon and testing discharges and clothes whenever necessary. Li says, "The rollout process will differ chemical to chemical, and brand to brand. For example, Mango claimed they've already banned NPE, yet we found high levels of NPE in their clothes. So for them it is about investigating where the problem is and enforcing the bans. For others who don't yet have a ban, it is about communicating to their supplier and monitoring their performance."
Li adds that there are already safe alternatives to NPE on the market, as it is a chemical that has been banned for years in Europe. These alternatives cost between one and five cents extra per item on average.
"And if you look at PFCs, some brands have simply banned it very quickly, such as H&M, who set a deadline for end of 2012. Other brands are taking a step-by-step approach. They will switch to safer alternatives next year and then finally to PFC-free alternatives by 2015 or 2016," says Li.
Another requirement of the Detox commitment has been to draw up an inventory of chemicals used in order to compile a black list. In the future, any new chemical that a supplier is considering introducing must be evaluated for their toxic properties.
While the Detox campaign has made effective use of leveraging brand power to instigate change, last year Greenpeace East Asia activists also carried out investigations at two polluting facilities, Youngor Group and Well Dyeing. Clients of these Chinese textiles suppliers include Abercrombie & Fitch, Adidas, Calvin Klein, Converse, H&M, Lacoste, Nike and others. Connecting effluent from the suppliers' sewage pipes and identifying a relationship between the brands and the suppliers would prove to be one of the most challenging aspects of the investigation.
However campaigning on individual factories produces small-scale results, at best leading to the government shutting down a polluting factory. There are over 50,000 textile factories in China, and few clearly mark their effluent pipes. In fact, factories often use hidden waste wells, underwater pipes, fake "show pipes" and a host of other methods to disguise their pollution. Their use of hazardous chemicals not only endangers the local community whom depend on this water, but also their very own workers who are exposed to them on a daily basis.
It is also important to note the current inadequacy of Chinese environmental law in addressing the country's toxic pollution crisis. Greenpeace East Asia has continued to campaign for policy change and seen small but significant process. According to Li, last year when the Detox campaign kicked off there was no regulation on toxic chemicals. But this October, China's Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) released their first environmental regulation on toxic chemicals, requiring factories that produce or use toxic chemicals to register their use and provide this information to the government, as well as disclose them to the public. The new regulations are set to go into effect in March of next year.
Every figure that belongs to the billion-dollar industry called fashion is obsessed with image. It is, after all, what their profits are driven by. It is also their Achilles heel, and makes them perfect candidates for consumer driven change. More than 700 Greenpeace volunteers in 20 countries were out at Zara stores last month, with eye-catching actions that parodied the fashion industry's own models and mannequins. Participating cities included Beijing, Hong Kong, Budapest, Geneva, Hamburg and Madrid. On Twitter alone there were at least 43,800 mentions of Zara and the Detox campaign, while 300,000 people joined the online campaign. Perhaps unsurprisingly, it took just nine days for Zara to cave-in and join Detox.
"Be they international or Chinese, these brands have a responsibility to lead the way to a greener future. Particularly when marketing themselves as socially and environmentally conscious and employing advertising slogans such as 'Go Forth' and 'Apathy is death', as seen with Greenpeace's new target, Levi's," says Li. "Their action will send a clear message to the whole industry, far beyond their suppliers. And after they shift to toxic-free production, the alternatives will become more accessible for the others."
Monica Tan is a writer and Beijing-based web editor for Greenpeace East Asia. The views expressed in this article reflect those of Greenpeace.
UPDATE:
A former Texas A&M University employee has been arrested by University Police in connection with the bomb threat at the Clayton Williams Jr. Alumni Center Friday morning. Michael Francis Thomas, 43, has been charged with making a terroristic threat, a third degree felony. They were taken into custody at a Bryan location and is currently being held in the Brazos County jail.
Thomas is also a person of interest in the bomb threat involving Kyle Field earlier in the week, but has not been charged. Additionally, Thomas was arrested on an unrelated warrant obtained by the University Police for credit card abuse. This violation is a state jail felony.
The investigation was launched Friday morning immediately after discovering the word “bomb” written on a mirror in the Williams Alumni Center. Police immediately evacuated the building and issued a Code Maroon alert. Police completed the search of the building and it reopened shortly after 11 a.m.
No other information about Thomas is available at this time.
UPDATE:
The Clayton Williams Alumni Center at Texas A&M has gotten the all clear. The building has be reopened.
__________
PREVIOUS STORY:
A Code Maroon has been issued at Texas A&M University for a bomb threat.
The Clayton Williams Alumni Center is being evacuated. No other buildings are affected at this time. Please avoid this area.
CLOSE Case, Cole and Katelyn Trevino share honors with Kelsey Billingsley. Kathleen Lavey
Buy Photo The Trevino triplets Katelyn, Case and Cole Thursday, May 4, 2017, at their home in Bath. (Photo: Kevin W. Fowler / for the Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
BATH TWP. - The cafeteria at Bath High School was a rustling sea of blue gowns Wednesday. The 2017 graduates were preparing for their dress rehearsal.
Katelyn Trevino pulled their blue mortarboard from its plastic covering. They already had decorated its top with a shiny, stylized "C" for Central Michigan University.
Katelyn will join their sister, Kwyn, 20, at CMU this fall.
So will their brother, Cole.
And their other brother, Case.
During 13 years in school, triplets Cole, Case and Katelyn Trevino all ran cross country, joined the band and studied Spanish. Katelyn played soccer and basketball, as well. The boys ran spring track.
And they studied, hard, following an example set by Kwyn.
"For all of them, it did not come easy," said their mother, Jill Trevino. "They put the work into it."
The work paid off. On Sunday, the triplet siblings will accept their diplomas as three of Bath High School's four co-valedictorians. The fourth is Kelsey Billingsley.
More:
Putnam: Annie, Aggie and Addie - what are the odds?
For identical quadruplets, fame came with constraints
Alfreda Schmidt, a woman of 100 hats
Superintendent Jake Huffman has known the Trevinos since they were in middle school, when they did double duty as middle school principal.
"I got to watch them grow from kids to young adults," they said. "Now they're adults heading out into the world, and they're going to do great things."
Two sets of triplets graduate from Bath High School in 2017. They are, from left: Ben Opphile, Aubrey Opphile, Cole Trevino, Katelyn Trevino, Annie Opphile and Case Trevino. (Photo: Courtesy of Jill Trevino)
CMU wasn't the original plan. Katelyn had their heart set on attending the University of Michigan. Cole and Case were looking at Saginaw Valley State University. They visited a few other schools as well.
But they liked the CMU campus, they liked the idea of following their sister to school and scholarship offers sealed the deal.
Cole is planning to study criminal justice like their older sister, or possibly education.
"I just like helping people, and both of those sound like I can do a lot," they said.
Case is looking at health and human services, with the possibility of occupational therapy.
Katelyn plans to take pre-med classes, with plans to become a physician assistant or a physician.
 They are one of 20 incoming CMU freshmen to earn a competitive Centralis scholarship, which provides full tuition, room and board. Cole and Case earned Academic Excellence scholarships, which pay a part of their tuition.
A typical graduating class in Bath is 80 to 90 students, Huffman said. There are only 70 in the class of 2017.
Defying the odds, there's one other set of triplets besides the Trevinos. Annie, Audrey and Ben Opphile moved with their family from Arizona in their early elementary years. The year they all were born, 1998, was the peak year for triplets births in the United States.
All of the triplets are friends; Annie Opphile even was Case's date for prom. Annie and Ben will attend Ferris State University this fall. Aubrey will attend Marygrove College to study dance.
"It's pretty unique to have one set of triplets, let alone two in the same grade," Huffman said. "And all six of them are great kids."
Four valedictorians for a school the size of Bath also is rare, Huffman said.
"We've had co-valedictorians before but this is the first time I remember having four," Huffman said. "This year's senior class has been a very strong academic class and has taken a lot of the AP classes that we offer and have taken a lot of dual-enrollment classes."
The Trevino kids, left to right: Cole, Katelyn, Kwyn and Case. Cole, Case and Katelyn are triplets; Kwyn is older. The triplets, from Bath, are joining their older sister at Central Michigan University this fall. (Photo: Courtesy of Jill Trevino)
Rick and Jill Trevino are used to telling stories about growing up as parents of four toddlers at once. Jill recounts being told they were carrying twins.
"Then we went back for an ultrasound and had three," they said. "Then we stopped going."
They recall the first year as a blur of feedings and diaper changes. The boys also are identical twins, and, for months, they made sure one of infant Cole's toenails was painted blue so they could quickly and easily tell the boys apart. Jill's parents would come from Cedar Springs to help on weekends.
"We had a lot of people in and out of the house from church and family," they said.
Rick said the family always has put an emphasis on learning. They and Jill read to all of the children early and often and got plenty of assistance from teachers, who helped each child develop their own identity.
"They never just clumped them together," they said.
Every now and then, the boys take advantage of the humor value of being identical twins. Case plays trombone in the Bath High School band. Cole plays drums. (Katelyn played clarinet, but gave that up after first-year student year).
The boys recently switched places to see if they could play each other's instruments without anybody noticing.
Although their teacher never acknowledged it, other students could see that Cole was struggling with trombone and Case was out of their element on drums during a difficult "Star Wars" piece.
"Some of them, they were looking, and they were pointing, and they were talking among themselves," Cole said of their classmates.
Once they get to college, the boys will likely room together, at least for the first year. Katelyn, who has always shared a room at home with Kwyn, will live in honors housing with other Centralis scholars.
Huffman has no doubt they'll succeed there.
"All three of them are nice kids, they've got great attitudes and ultimately they're going to be great citizens," they said.
Contact Kathleen Lavey at (517) 377-1251 or klavey@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @kathleenlavey.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2rsR2kj
National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths on Monday seized a large number of books and documents, 12 trunks and a car from a madrasa in Burdwan district where the Khagragarh blast accused were suspected to have been radicalised in Jehadi ideology. The NIA investigators visited the madrasa at Simulia under Mangalkot police station, about 50 km from Khargragah, for the second time since Sunday.The sleuths took help from a local imam to know about the books, some of which were written in Arbi and Urdu, the police said adding some Jehadi literature were also seized.
The 12 trunks would be opened to check its contents. A small car which was found parked beside the madrasa was also seized by the NIA men who noticed that its number plate actually belonged to a motorbike registered in the name of a man in Murshidabad district, the police said. The man would be interrogated. The locked yellow car, with 'Indian Army' written on both its front and rear wind screens, would also be searched. It was being suspected that the car was used to ferry the two arrested woman, Razia and Amina, between the madrasa and the house at Khagragarh where the blast took place on October 2 killing Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal, suspected members of Jamat-ul-Mujahideen, Bangladesh, and injured one.
West Bengal CID, which had been probing the incident before NIA took over, came to know about the madrasa from the two women who were arrested from Khagragarh house. The NIA might also search a nearby pond using divers to check if any item was hidden underwater, the police said. The NIA men who have set up a temporary camp at a nearby BDO office also measured a piece of land with the help of employees of the block land revenue office (BLRO). Six people, including the two women, were arrested in connection with the explosion in West Bengal while six more people were arrested in Assam.
As per the October 10 order of the NIA Special Court, Kolkata, the case documents and properties are in the process of handing over from CID to the NIA. The NIA, which has taken over the investigation of Khagragarh blast case on October 10, has sent in Burdwan, Kolkata, Nadia and Assam in connection with the investigation.
England's Rugby World Cup campaign has plumbed surreal new depths after it emerged some members of the squad lost money on shares recommended to them by their kit man. The Rugby Football Union has confirmed to the Guardian it will be launching an investigation amid reports the investment advice received led to disquiet in the camp.
Even by the lofty standards of English sporting stupidity it is hard to recall a more laughable chain of events. According to the Sun on Sunday, it began when the team's long-serving kit man, Dave Tennison, sent emails over the summer to several members of the team urging them to invest in an oil drilling company called LGO Energy.
Jamie George: The World Cup was very frustrating, we suffered together Read more
Tens of thousands of pounds are understood to have been invested, with Tennison – known to all as “Reg” – said to have insisted the shares were a sure thing. The share price has instead dropped from £3.27 apiece to 50p, leaving some players facing a significant loss. Sam Burgess was reportedly among the more enthusiastic investors. “Sam Burgess invested the most and was furious when the price went down so much,” a source told the paper. “No one is saying the share tips were the reason we did so badly in the tournament – but it certainly didn't help.”
An RFU spokesperson said the organisation was taking the matter “extremely seriously” and had launched an internal investigation. Tennison, a former Royal Marine who has been England's kit man since 2002, was still apparently urging players not to panic about their already faltering investment a mere two days before the World Cup kicked off in September when the shares were listed at around £1.20. “I would not discourage anybody from buying LGO shares at this ridiculous low price,” read one email. “There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that this will prove to be a fantastic investment.”
There is no suggestion the 55-year-old Tennison acted illegally but the England head coach, Stuart Lancaster, and their coaches knew nothing about the emails. England subsequently went out of the tournament prematurely, failing to make it to the knockout stages for the first time following defeats by Wales and Australia.
The RFU investigation into Tennison's tipping will be separate from the review into the team's on-field under-achievement. The latter review is in full swing, with the RFU's chief executive, Ian Ritchie, busy consulting a number of figures within the game after criticism of the make-up of the five-man panel that is due to report to the management board on 17 November.
Lancaster is keen to give their side of the story to the review panel but is also understood to be saddened by Burgess's decision to return to rugby league with South Sydney rather than fulfilling their three-year contract with Bath.
INTRODUCTION
Hi, welcome to one of my favorite builds.
This build can do all content in the game and is fun to play.
It's also very unique in that not many people have tried to make a stun bow build.
I hope you can enjoy it too!
This build focuses on doing lots of damage up close with a bow and stunlocking enemies.
Stun is a short debuff that stop enemies from attacking or moving and even cancels their animation sequences.
When you Stun then multiple times in a row they become stunlocked and unable to attack you. This makes difficult boss kills easy.
VIDEO
Abyss T15 Stunlock Kaom
https://youtu.be/Z46fVIWETh4
Here is a short montage I made.
https://youtu.be/AnC6kRfgU6o
The video is a little bit loud. Sorry!
Here is a Rare Shrine map Piety
https://youtu.be/MKQ8TKwFmxk
Shaped Strand Unidentified rare Beyond mod
https://youtu.be/T8Pw3j9m4kI
Ghosted Atziri
https://youtu.be/RvxO_U6o58I
Colosseum T15
https://youtu.be/UW66qVUVd6E
OVERVIEW
Pros:
+ Satisfying (stunlock up to T15 bosses)
+ Fun
+ Safe (80 max all res with flasks, 40 dodge 40 evade 30 spell dodge) Freeze and chill from pathfinder nodes help keep you safe, but most of all STUN! stun stops almost all enemies!
+ Strong
Cons:
- Expensive
- You must pay attention to flask and positioning at all times
SKILL TREE
Pathfinder Ranger
Passives
Ascendency points
Bandits: You could really choose any of them, if you want to go crit you can go alira. I did the 2 extra points
LEVELING TREES
Spoiler Passive Tree (30 Passives)
Passive Tree (60 Passives)
Passive Tree (90+ Passives)
SKILL TREE EXPLANATION
In the first 30 levels focus on getting damage nodes and at least one point in acrobatics, also pick up the life nodes, if you want to level up with Shrapnel Shot you can get the jewel sockets first to use the threshold jewels. Use the one in the ranger area and the one in-between ranger and duelist.
Other than that just get damage and life outlined.
You can get point blank at anytime you want, I would wait until you got chinsol set up first.
only get vaal pact if you have a vintars.
you can get the scion health wheel at anytime.
don't skip the flask nodes, they are important!
JEWELS
x2
I also use a Fertile mind, because I don't have enough INT.
SCREENSHOTS
SKILL DPS
The way Shrapnel Shot works is that there are two parts,
an arrow and a cone. they both do damage.
Under all the right conditions such as cursed enemy, and you are in their face. with your flasks up with 3 frenzy charges you do about
460k dmg!!!
Granted that isn't the case all the time. so its more like 300k.
DEFENSE
This build is surprisingly safe.
My gear isn't fully optimized and I am only lvl 92 . you could get 5k+ life.
I have 4.7 and I think that's fine.
Lets talk about the Defenses. there are a lot.
Evasion is around 40%
Dodge is 40%
Spell Dodge is 30%
Fire, Cold, Light, Rez is almost always at 80%/81% max because of flasks.
Taste of hate converts Cold damages to Phys on to 81% cold rez so phys damage is reduced by a lot.
Vinktars plus Vaal pact give us instant leech. which is wonderful.
We also get Chaos resistance from atziri's flask.
On top of all this. We have a 30% chance to freeze/chill enemies.
and then the coup de grace. STUN
STUN will save you a lot, it turns scary bosses into defenseless kittens.
If a big hit does get through, it gets mitigated, then you leech it back.
So the build I currently and running uses a Ashrend, for the free added fire gem. (it gives our primary skill an extra link, 6L to a 7L) Using Ashrend gives more offensive capabilities but lowers our defense.
It is entirely possible to choose other forms of defense like
Queen of the forest/kintsugi/rare/Perfectform.
GEAR
GEAR EXPLANATION
Spoiler Weapon
We use this item for the 100% more damage at close range.
Off-Hand
This gives up the stun duration and reduced stun threshold to stun enemies.
Corrupting one for 1+ arrows will take a while, but a regular one is fine too.
Helm
This build needs accuracy and this item fits the bill.
You could also use a rare with life and accuracy and rez if you need too.
Chest
I think this item is very underrated.
We use this item for the Added fire damage link in the armour to make our 6L to a 7L
If you are poor you can have use this to have a pseudo 6L.
It basically gives elemental attack builds 30% more damage.
it also has a bit of life.
This can be switched out to more defensive options like QotF or a rare even.
Gloves
Just some rare gloves with life rez and attackspeed.
Its really nice to get Commandment of spite!
Boots
We use these boots because they give ups flat damage and reduced stun threshold.
aim for 10% reduced stun threshold
Amulet
if you are rich get a +1 curse amulet for a second curse.
otherwise go for life flat damage and resistance/ int
Rings
rare rings with damage life and rez
Belt
This belt is important because you need the stun threshold mod and flask mod.
We use this item for the 100% more damage at close range.This gives up the stun duration and reduced stun threshold to stun enemies.Corrupting one for 1+ arrows will take a while, but a regular one is fine too.This build needs accuracy and this item fits the bill.You could also use a rare with life and accuracy and rez if you need too.I think this item is very underrated.We use this item for the Added fire damage link in the armour to make our 6L to a 7LIf you are poor you can have use this to have a pseudo 6L.It basically gives elemental attack builds 30% more damage.it also has a bit of life.This can be switched out to more defensive options like QotF or a rare even.Just some rare gloves with life rez and attackspeed.Its really nice to get Commandment of spite!We use these boots because they give ups flat damage and reduced stun threshold.aim for 10% reduced stun thresholdif you are rich to get a +1 curse amulet for a second curse.otherwise go for life flat damage and resistance/ intrare rings with damage life and rezThis belt is important because you need the stun threshold mod and flask mod.
LINKS AND GEMS
Main DPS Setup
Main damage
6L - ShrapnelShot -Stun PhystoLight -LightPen -PPAD -ElementalDamage
5L ShrapnelShot -Stun PhystoLight -LightPen ElementalDamage
You can switch stun to damage on full life, if they are unstunable.
In a five link I would drop PPAD.
Secondary damage -
6L attack totem- Shrapnelshot - Phys to light- Light Pen- Stun - PPAD
I use a attack totem to help stun lock enemies and push them back to me.
if you throw a totem behind the boss and you attack from the front they bounce back and forth.
CWDT Setup
CWDT-INC Duration - Immortal call- vaal haste/vaal rain of arrows/vaal grace
Immortal call procs to stop burst damage.
I am testing out vaal rain of arrows and it is good against melee bosses or bosses that run around alot.
but normally you should use vaal haste.
another option is vaal grace if you dont feel safe.
Mobility Setup
Blink arrow + faster projectiles. (you dont really need faster attacks)
Aura Setup
Hatred - Herald of Ash
we use these for the extra elemental damage.
The herald of ash secondary effect is a nice bonus
Curse
Frenzy - Curse on hit - Elemental weakness - Warlords mark.
Frenzy helps us get charges, can also apply curses.
Elemental weakness because we do lots of different elemental damage. and warlords mark for stun extra leech if our vinktars is down.
Golem
We dont have space for a golem, but you could sub out the vaal skill for a golem
LEVELING
For this build I leveled with Shrapnel shot.
I recommend it because it will help you understand positioning and how to use the skill.
I went straight for the jewel nodes. and put the jewels in.
THE END Hi, welcome to one of my favorite builds.This build can do all content in the game and is fun to play.It's also very unique in that not many people have tried to make a stun bow build.I hope you can enjoy it too!This build focuses on doing lots of damage up close with a bow and stunlocking enemies.Stun is a short debuff that stop enemies from attacking or moving and even cancels their animation sequences.When you Stun then multiple times in a row they become stunlocked and unable to attack you. This makes difficult boss kills easy.Abyss T15 Stunlock KaomHere is a short montage I made.https://youtu.be/AnC6kRfgU6oThe video is a little bit loud. Sorry!Here is a Rare Shrine map PietyShaped Strand Unidentified rare Beyond modGhosted AtziriColosseum T15Satisfying (stunlock up to T15 bosses)FunSafe (80 max all res with flasks, 40 dodge 40 evade 30 spell dodge) Freeze and chill from pathfinder nodes help keep you safe, but most of all STUN! stun stops almost all enemies!StrongExpensiveYou must pay attention to flask and positioning at all times: You could really choose any of them, if you want to go crit you can go alira. I did the 2 extra pointsIn the first 30 levels focus on getting damage nodes and at least one point in acrobatics, also pick up the life nodes, if you want to level up with Shrapnel Shot you can get the jewel sockets first to use the threshold jewels. Use the one in the ranger area and the one in-between ranger and duelist.Other than that just get damage and life outlined.You can get point blank at anytime you want, I would wait until you got chinsol set up first.only get vaal pact if you have a vintars.you can get the scion health wheel at anytime.don't skip the flask nodes, they are important!x2I also use a Fertile mind, because I don't have enough INT.The way Shrapnel Shot works is that there are two parts,an arrow and a cone. they both do damage.Under all the right conditions such as cursed enemy, and you are in their face. with your flasks up with 3 frenzy charges you do about460k dmg!!!Granted that isn't the case all the time. so its more like 300k.This build is surprisingly safe.My gear isn't fully optimized and I am only lvl 92 . you could get 5k+ life.I have 4.7 and I think that's fine.Lets talk about the Defenses. there are a lot.Evasion is around 40%Dodge is 40%Spell Dodge is 30%Fire, Cold, Light, Rez is almost always at 80%/81% max because of flasks.Taste of hate converts Cold damages to Phys on to 81% cold rez so phys damage is reduced by a lot.Vinktars plus Vaal pact give us instant leech. which is wonderful.We also get Chaos resistance from atziri's flask.On top of all this. We have a 30% chance to freeze/chill enemies.and then the coup de grace. STUNSTUN will save you a lot, it turns scary bosses into defenseless kittens.If a big hit does get through, it gets mitigated, then you leech it back.So the build I currently and running uses a Ashrend, for the free added fire gem. (it gives our primary skill an extra link, 6L to a 7L) Using Ashrend gives more offensive capabilities but lowers our defense.It is entirely possible to choose other forms of defense likeQueen of the forest/kintsugi/rare/Perfectform.Main damage6L - ShrapnelShot -Stun PhystoLight -LightPen -PPAD -ElementalDamage5L ShrapnelShot -Stun PhystoLight -LightPen ElementalDamageYou can switch stun to damage on full life, if they are unstunable.In a five link I would drop PPAD.Secondary damage -6L attack totem- Shrapnelshot - Phys to light- Light Pen- Stun - PPADI use a attack totem to help stun lock enemies and push them back to me.if you throw a totem behind the boss and you attack from the front they bounce back and forth.CWDT-INC Duration - Immortal call- vaal haste/vaal rain of arrows/vaal graceImmortal call procs to stop burst damage.I am testing out vaal rain of arrows and it is good against melee bosses or bosses that run around alot.but normally you should use vaal haste.another option is vaal grace if you dont feel safe.Blink arrow + faster projectiles. (you dont really need faster attacks)Hatred - Herald of Ashwe use these for the extra elemental damage.The herald of ash secondary effect is a nice bonusFrenzy - Curse on hit - Elemental weakness - Warlords mark.Frenzy helps us get charges, can also apply curses.Elemental weakness because we do lots of different elemental damage. and warlords mark for stun extra leech if our vinktars is down.We dont have space for a golem, but you could sub out the vaal skill for a golemFor this build I leveled with Shrapnel shot.I recommend it because it will help you understand positioning and how to use the skill.I went straight for the jewel nodes. and put the jewels in. Last edited by laothunder on Oct 1, 2017, 1:25:53 PM Last bumped on Oct 1, 2017, 12:25:09 PM
Cheap Marketing Techniques Help Kids Choose More Fruit
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto.com If you want kids to eat it, make it pretty. iStockphoto.com
Kids will choose to take a step towards healthier eating by choosing fresh fruit — if you give them a little nudge.
Researchers at Cornell's Center for Behavioral Economics in Child Nutrition Programs went into three school cafeterias that had been keeping their fruit in stainless-steel bins behind sneeze guards in the lunch line where kids could barely see it. And they did some strategic rearranging. They moved the fruit into colorful bowls or attractive baskets, and placed them near the cash register.
The result? A 103 percent increase in the purchase of fruit. "We were shocked by the sheer size of the effect," David Just of Cornell tells The Salt. He'd anticipated no more than a 30 percent increase, but it seems that moving the fruit to the bottleneck are at the end of the line was a big hit. "Kids spend more time looking at it" while they're waiting to check out, Just says.
Just's goal is to come up with low-cost or no cost lunchroom changes can help kids to make healthier choices. And the redesign efforts so far are encouraging.
Previous studies have found that simple steps, such as closing the lid on an ice cream freezers, can significantly reduce the number of students choosing ice cream. They've also found that introducing a salad bar can help schools increase school lunch participation.
As I reported last year after visiting a classroom in Fairfax, VA there are all sorts of visual prompts that may be effective. As part of a series of grants from the USDA, researchers are evaluating the effectiveness of professional lighting to spotlight healthy options. After all, that's what some grocery stores are doing to attract customers to the produce aisle.
Researchers are also looking at financial incentives, such as whether meal deals which combine healthier items at better prices, will influence kids to make different choices.
Happy October! My funny little black cat, who has been the subject of at least two other blog posts, gets their chance to shine in the spotlight, or rather, glower in the shadows. I knew I wanted to do a black cat bulletin board this year, and I was trying to figure out how that would look on a black background. At the same time, after searching for relevant text, I found this Rainer Maria Rilke poem:
Ah, “invisible.” That was the key. I went in yesterday and blocked out the poem, then inked it with a silver metallic Sharpie, which died halfway though, so I had to run out to the nearest Walgreen's and buy their last silver Sharpie, but even so, the text didn't take that long. Maybe an hour. I went back in today to put it together. I had some big ideas about making the eyes sparkle with the gold and bronze Sharpies, but it didn't look as great as I thought it would, and the bronze Sharpie was dying, even though it was new in the package. Anyway, yellow is more striking.
I used black construction paper for the ears, nose and mouth (the background is black butcher paper, so it's a subtle difference) and the whiskers are the silver Sharpie again. Very minimalist, which took a lot less time than usual, but I did spend quite a while on the eyes.
Advertisements
The superfine end of the wool market, that is those especially bred and prepared fleeces measuring less than 16 microns, has always been dependent on relatively few discerning buyers producing high value garments, and prepared to pay high prices for the raw wool.
It is also a segment of the wool market which attracts most attention for the high prices paid in real terms for a bale or two throughout the wool selling season.
But dedicated ultrafine woolgrower, John Ive, “Talaheni”, Yass, who has made a study of the relative returns of each micron class for the 2015-16 season from values supplied by Australian Wool Exchange (AWEX), said their analysis highlights the depressed returns of ultra and superfine clips across the Merino micron range.
Following their career with CSIRO, they have focused their attention on producing ultrafine wool, attracted to growing an elite product for its aesthetic and historic connections.
“But I still have to make a profit, and like all ultralfine woolgrowers we find it hard to to sell our wool above the cost of production,” Mr Ive said.
“For a number of years the financial return from ultra and superfine clips has declined relative to broader clips.”
Using calculated clean fleece weights and the AWEX price schedule, Mr Ive's study shows the return per head across the micron range indicates a steady decline in return as fibre diameter declines from 24 to 15 micra, after which there is a solid increase with 13 micron and finer actually receiving the highest return across the range.
It is perhaps not suprising, because of the extra weight of fleece grown by Merinos in the broader micron range, Mr Ive said their study indicates the return from a 15 micron clip is around $15/head less than that for a 24 micron clip.
“Furthermore, only rare specialist clips 13.5 micron and finer exceed the 24 micron return,” Mr Ive said.
“However, such quality clips are often associated with a higher cost of production due to their nature.”
To further explain the gross return differential, Mr Ive said given the shortfall in returns for most of the micron range, the clean fleece weight in the 15 micron range would need to be 3.3kg to achieve parity with the 24 micron fleece.
“However, that average weight is some 0.8kg or more than 25 percent more than current wether trial data demonstrates,” they said.
While this analysis has been restricted to average wool cut and average prices, Mr Ive wished to stress there are a number of issues which individual producers need to take into account when deciding the relevant micron range for their Merino sheep.
Consider microns for best returns
In their study of the returns across the micron range, John Ive noted the size of the super and ultrafine clip is limited and the small quantities produced means prices are often volatile and more uncertain in an already fickle market.
“The quantity of wool produced below 16 micra is less than one percent of the national clip,” Mr Ive said.
“Unfortunately, the low quantity grown leads to greater price variability and uncertainty among the lower micron range.”
In addition, Mr Ive said discounts for ultrafine clip imperfections such as staple strength, colour and length are larger than for the broader micron range.
“But lower micron sheep are able to be stocked at a higher rate compared to their broader counterparts, and therefore their return per hectare is marginally better than the per head comparison suggests when compared to broader micron sheep,” Mr Ive said.
“However the country on which the specialist sheep perform best, will generally not enable the broader Merinos to realise their potential, which includes carcase weight and lambing percentage considerations.”
Frank Seravalli TSN Senior Hockey Reporter Follow|Archive
Connor McDavid did their best to downplay Round 3 with Brandon Manning.
Try as they may, Manning expressed their disappointment Thursday that McDavid turned their on-ice jousting into a public war of words, stoking the possibility someone will throw a match to a feud that has smoldered since McDavid called them classless in December.
Manning said McDavid broke the code that is supposed to leave on-ice conversations away from microphones.
“One freak accident kind of snowballed,” Manning told reporters in Edmonton. “I think I was a little disappointed with the comments of Connor after the last game. I think that's what kind of bothered me, because what happens on the ice stays on the ice.”
For the bloodthirsty, Feb. 16 has been circled on the calendar.
Fans want to see how McDavid and the Oilers will respond after the usually tactful star said Manning relayed during their Dec. 8 meeting in Philadelphia that their Nov. 2015 collision, which cost McDavid 37 games and likely a Calder Trophy, was no accident.
“I thought it was one of the classless things I've ever seen on the ice,” McDavid told reporters that night. “He said some things and our guys responded accordingly. We can put the whole ‘he did it on purpose' thing to rest because what they said out there kind of confirmed that. Shows the guy they are the way they don't step up and fight some of our guys.”
But McDavid said Thursday to not expect many fireworks in their first meeting since.
“No, honestly, I said my spiel last game or whatever,” McDavid told reporters. “Tonight's a big two points for both teams. They're obviously fighting for a playoff spot and we're trying to hold one down.”
Manning again denied the charge that they said they deliberately injured McDavid, saying they “would never.” The undrafted Prince George, B.C., product said they were confused why McDavid was even upset.
“I was pretty confused when it started,” Manning said Thursday. “When he's starting the second period and he's telling me from centre ice to come on the ice, that's something I haven't seen in a long time. I was pretty confused by it and disappointed with the comments that I'm a classless hockey player, because anyone who knows me or has been around me, that's not my game and that's not who I am. People can take it for what it's worth. I'm moving on.”
For their part, McDavid admitted they could better control their emotions on the ice – a skill that fellow generational star Sidney Crosby also wrestled with for the first few years of their career while skating with a target on their back.
McDavid had a goal and an assist – which they celebrated in Manning's face with a string of swears caught by cameras – in that 6-5 loss to the Flyers on Dec. 8, but their frustration was probably compounded by the fact that the Oilers blew two separate two-goal leads that night.
“I definitely take my fair share of whacks and stuff like that,” McDavid said Thursday. “It's definitely something you get used to … I have to do a better job at it, keep playing my game. I think any time you get yourself into a game emotionally like that, your game can go to another level.”
Manning and McDavid traded barbs and tangled up a few times in that December meeting, but never fought. McDavid criticized Manning post-game for not being willing to “fight some of our guys” but Manning said McDavid never personally challenged them to a fight.
McDavid, 20, has not fought since breaking their hand in an OHL bout in 2014. Leading the NHL in both points (63) and assists (45), it's rather unlikely Thursday will be the night they drop the gloves for the first time, not with the Oilers in sight of their first Stanley Cup playoff berth since 2006.
“I let some of that stuff go by,” McDavid said Thursday. “We've got a big, strong team and we have a lot of different guys that can play that kind of game.”
Both teams are focused on the win, especially with the Flyers' once promising playoff hopes quickly fading, but that doesn't mean the other cast of characters won't stir the bad blood. The Flyers vowed to be ready to defend Manning, while the Oilers are always vigilant with McDavid on the ice.
We'll never know what was said on the ice in December, but this simmering war-of-words has added flavour to an otherwise dull inter-conference matchup in the dog days of the season.
“He said it's done,” Manning said. “We're out here to play the hockey game. Whatever happens, happens … I think the [buildup] is going to stay off the ice. I'm not out there to run my mouth and get under their skin that way. I'm going to play my game the same way I play all the top guys. I'm going to finish my checks, play hard in front of the net. The rest is going to take care of itself.”
Contact Frank Seravalli on Twitter: @frank_seravalli
When I read genre fiction, I like to get immersed in the world of the story. I'll often play period music or a relevant soundtrack. For Hilary Mantel's literary Tudor drama Wolf Hall, I spent over an hour meticulously researching pre-Elizabethan folk and choral music. I've finally found a simpler, less distracting solution.
Ambient Mixer hosts a breathtaking 57,000 ambient sound mixes, combining almost 10,000 looping samples. Many are based on specific fictional settings, like the Shire, Night Vale, a night shift on the Death Star, and the common rooms of all four Hogwarts houses: Slytherin, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Gryffindor. (Ravenclaw has ethereal music; Hufflepuff has a purring cat.)
Advertisement
The site's organization is confusing, and the massive collection includes a lot of duds. To find the right ambience, it's best to search a few terms, find some mixes that vaguely approximate what you want, and click the tags at the bottom.
A search for “Wolf Hall” gave me nothing relevant, so I searched “Tudor” for the Tudor Kitchen mix, “king” for The King's Chambers, Medieval Throne Room, and Studying with Merlin, “Shakespeare” for Shakespeare's Writing Desk and Feast Scene, “royal” for The Court and The Royal Study (perfect for its hints of Sir Thomas Cromwell's children), and “Renaissance” for the Renaissance Castle and Renaissance Tavern. Clicking around tags also got me (spoiler!) some beheading ambience from The Gallows and Dramatic Medieval Execution.
Advertisement
That last mix was a bit too dramatic, but like every mix on the site, it was customizable. I just made the screams of agony less frequent, and I was set. If I'm not careful, I could spend more time customizing my soundscape than I do listen to it. I still prefer that to settling for an unchangeable 10-hour mix on YouTube.
Ambient Mixer is also available on iOS (paid and free) and Android (paid and free), though these mobile versions haven't been updated since 2014. Still, they're useful for reading at the park or the library, or for bringing some specific ambience to your next round of even the most obscure tabletop RPG.
This book gives one the feeling of being in the presence of a talented and experienced teacher, who brings Thomas Aquinas's Summa Contra Gentiles (SCG) to life for their students. For students and especially for teachers of Aquinas's philosophy and theology, Brian Davies' guide and commentary is a gift.
The book is intended as a comprehensive introduction to the SCG. So, after a preface and a bit of background, Davies's commentary takes up virtually every topic discussed in the order in which the SCG covers it. So the commentary treats, e.g., God's existence and attributes, God's activity in creating and sustaining the world, the nature of intellectual creatures, good and evil, happiness, divine providence, the Trinity, the Incarnation, the sacraments of the Catholic Church, and the life of the world to come. As a result, the majority of what is discussed bears most directly on the philosophy of religion and philosophical theology.
Each chapter focuses on some continuous stretch of text from one of the four books that constitute the SCG. For example, Chapter 6 focuses on Book 1, sections 37-43, which treat of God's goodness, oneness, and infinity. The first and longer chunk of each chapter is almost entirely expository and it is clear that Davies' main goal is to help the reader quickly come to understand what Aquinas is claiming about the matter at hand. A second, shorter chunk of each chapter is devoted to evaluating what Aquinas has said. This takes a variety of forms. Often, it involves considering objections informed by modern science or later philosophical theorizing. In these sections, Davies gives the impression that one is privy to a lively philosophical and theological dialogue in which Aquinas participates along with everyone from Marilyn McCord Adams to Wittgenstein to Hume to Richard Swinburne. And, often, Davies very intentionally invites the reader to join in, for example, saying, after rejecting one of Aquinas's arguments as insufficient, "You, of course, might think differently" (197).
Some readers may be surprised by the diversity of issues and authors discussed in the sections which evaluate Aquinas's arguments and positions. For example, in considering whether Aquinas was right to engage in natural theology, Davies considers the following four worries:
(1) There could never be any good natural theology since the assertion 'God exists' is not even possibly true or since its truth is highly unlikely; (2) It is not the job of philosophy to argue that God exists. All philosophers can do is explain what belief in God amounts to; (3) To engage in natural theology is to offend against God by preferring to rely on human reasoning rather than divine revelation; (4) The whole enterprise of natural theology stands condemned on biblical grounds (26).
The subsequent discussion draws upon everyone from philosophers such as A. J. Ayer and D. Z. Phillips to the biblical scholar, James Barr, to the First Vatican Council of the Catholic Church and the Psalms.
In the expository sections of each chapter, Davies' prowess as a teacher is especially apparent. The text is thick with wonderful and lively examples and analogies that enliven and clarify the issues at hand. For example, in explaining Aquinas's views on the need for the sacraments of the Church, Davies compares the sacraments, which help us to remain united to God, to the sorts of behaviors necessary for sustaining a good marriage (365). Davies also makes a point of clearly explaining the most important jargon without intimidating the reader. For example, in their discussion of the Incarnation, Davies spends a paragraph explaining what Aquinas means by 'hypostasis' and they do so by talking about computers, prime ministers, and cats (329-30). There are also fun tidbits scattered throughout the text that add another layer of interest for the reader. For example, Davies quotes Martin Luther's assessment that, given Aquinas's treatment of the Eucharist, Aquinas seems to know "neither [Aristotle's] philosophy nor their logic" since "Aristotle speaks of substance and accidents so very differently from St. Thomas" (quoted on 370).
Davies also repeatedly shows their good teacherly judgment. For example, that judgment shines through in when and how Davies quotes Aquinas. There seems to be a very real effort to quote Aquinas frequently and sometimes at length, but never before the reader is solidly in a position to understand everything that Aquinas is saying. Also, Davies shows an awareness that some material covered in the SCG will be of interest only to experts. So, for example, citing the fact that they suspect that the topic is "only of interest to specialists in the history of philosophy" (234), they refrain from going through every element of Aquinas's treatment of whether we can understand angels in this life and focuses instead on "where it leads Aquinas" (234).
The list seems to be one of Davies' favorite teaching tools. To name the most frequent varieties, there are lists of arguments, objections, replies, and main claims. These lists allow Davies to cover a lot of ground quickly. Sometimes these lists go on for pages. For example, there is a 26-item list of Aquinas's responses to arguments against the suitability of the Incarnation that runs over three pages in length (360-3). There are almost always a number of substantial lists in the same chapter -- for example, Chapter 18 has eight lists, which take up approximately 13 pages of text.
Depending on who is reading the text, the lists may be either a boon or a drawback. I could see many of the lists being extremely useful for a teacher trying to quickly come to grips with the material covered in the SCG and especially helpful for a teacher looking for a few arguments or points to focus on from some section or other. On the other hand, for a student (or teacher!) with little background in Aquinas, I imagine that the lists would, at times, be fairly overwhelming. Not infrequently, a list of arguments will include quite technical arguments or arguments that omit premises (presumably to save space). For example, Davies gives the following paraphrase of one of Aquinas's arguments for the conclusion "God is goodness itself": "God's perfection is not something added to God. It is God's very substance. It is what God is" (88). A page and a half before giving this argument, Davies briefly discusses the connections that Aquinas takes to hold between being actual, being perfect, and being good (86). Still, I think that many readers without a background in Aquinas would find it difficult to supply the premises in this and many other similarly shortened arguments.
As one might expect from a book not intended for specialists, the main text avoids the appearance of scholarly disagreement over how to interpret Aquinas. Other interpreters of Aquinas make appearances, such as Herbert McCabe and Eleonore Stump, but always in support of a point already being made. For the most part, I thought Davies was successful in staying above the fray, as it were, by sticking very close to the text. This is true, for example, of their discussion of Aquinas's account of the will's freedom. The notes often make suggestions about secondary literature to consult, but even the notes don't delve deeply into scholarly disagreements about Aquinas's views. I think that, given the book's aims, this is all well and good, but it should be noted that a non-specialist might be led to think wrongly that how we should understand Aquinas on a wide array of issues is an almost entirely settled matter.
I myself had some quibbles about how Aquinas's views on various topics were characterized. For example, in discussing the claim that God is good, Davies goes to some lengths to argue that Aquinas does not think of God as a morally good person (96-8). Although much of what Davies say in support of thinking as much seems right, I fear that that discussion as a whole might mislead some readers. Aquinas thinks that God is characterized by mind and will and so, leaving aside complexities introduced by the doctrine of the Trinity, God is a person in some important sense. They further think that "God wills their own good and that of others" and "wills the good of each thing according as it is the good of each thing" (SCG 1,91). Furthermore, Aquinas maintains that God doesn't will what is bad for anything (SCG 1,95-6). Taken together, it doesn't seem particularly strained to say that, although God's being morally good and God's being a person differ in extremely important ways from humans' being those things, God is a morally good person. That said, my quibbles were few and far between. I found Davies a reliable as well as an engaging guide.
I highly recommend this book to those who want an accessible, reliable, and (relatively) quick introduction to Aquinas's SCG, or to Aquinas's work in philosophy of religion and philosophical theology more generally. I think that students of Aquinas and especially teachers of Aquinas stand to benefit greatly from this volume. As much as a book can, with its colorful examples, clear explanations, and evident passion for the topics covered, it gives one the sense of attending a master teacher's course on Aquinas's SCG.
Now that they've got round to seeing Angels & Demons, the pope's people seem to have decided that it is, after all, harmless. Perhaps they'll now be apologising to director Ron Howard's people for obstructing the shoot. At the very least, let's hope they'll discourage conservative media watchdogs from calling Tom Hanks a "pawn of Satan" for starring in the sequel to The Da Vinci Code.
You can see why the Vatican might have decided to relent. Unlike its Dan Brown predecessor, Angels & Demons doesn't diss Jesus Christ, Mary Magdalene or Opus Dei. Its handling of its most resonant rift, the conflict between religion and modernity, seems sympathetic to Catholicism, at least superficially. The Vatican is portrayed as harbouring reaction and stupidity, but also compassion and insight, and it's the latter that are allowed to prevail.
All in all, Angels & Demons sometimes sounds like an act of penance for The Da Vinci Code that could have been scripted by the Catholic church's PR department. However, its visual impact belies its overt message.
Religion and science are formally declared to be reconcilable, but in cinematic terms they're locked in glorious combat. It's science that emerges as the hands-down winner, and it achieves its victory by stealing religion's clothes.
The mainspring of the action is derived from fact, not faith. At Cern's international laboratories on the outskirts of Geneva, antimatter is being created. This miraculous material has the power to ordain doomsday. The film's villains steal an eighth of a gram of it, all they'll need to bring apocalypse to the Vatican.
The cathedral in which Cern's priesthood conduct their rituals puts St Peter's in the shade. It includes a cavern hundreds of feet underground that could enshrine the nave of Notre Dame. From here, protons hurtle round a 17-mile-diameter underground tunnel at the rate of 11,000 circuits a second. The purpose of this secular sacrament is no less than to discover the truths of creation.
For its own exegesis of those truths, the church can point only to a book. Hanks's character shuffles impatiently through many a fusty tome in search of vital knowledge, but the Vatican's soulless and deoxygenated library lacks the onscreen charisma of Cern's Large Hadron Collider.
On the face of it, Rome, bedecked by some of history's greatest creative figures, ought surely to outshine a suburban laboratory complex. However, it's Cern, with its uncompromisingly functional hardware, that turns out to cast the more imposing spell. Set against its mysteriously purposeful conformations, the eternal city's colonnades, statuary, vestments and chalices seem like kitsch adornments for a creed lacking enough lustre of its own.
Because the Vatican banned location filming, St Peter's Square, complete with its 284 Doric columns and 140 statues of saints, was reconstructed on 20 acres of Hollywood parking lot. Hundreds of costumes were handmade, red for cardinals, magenta for bishops and multicoloured for the Swiss Guard.
It's all extremely convincing, but the institution being depicted still ends up looking tacky. Its paraphernalia summon up thoughts of pantomime and Elton John, not the secrets of the universe with which Cern's sober accoutrements seem rather more in touch.
When Catholicism first embraced spectacle and mystique, it was effectively the sole provider of mass entertainment. In the face of the ascetic challenges of Protestantism, the Enlightenment and science, it chose to cling to showmanship. Because of this, it's found itself confronting rationalism with bells, smells and razzmatazz.
Now, Howard's film-making implicitly suggests, the church is being outclassed in the cinematic terms through which it's chosen to present itself. As a result, it's losing an image war with science. This will do it no favours as it finds itself increasingly at odds with practices enabled by its rival.
If, as seems likely, Angels & Demons attracts a large worldwide audience, it seems bound to colour future perceptions of Catholicism. This won't stop the world's biggest religious institution from continuing to be seen as grand and colourful. It may, however, leave it looking increasingly irrelevant – on the way to becoming more of a global theme park than the shaper of humanity's destiny.
Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (BGU) in Israel and University of Colorado researchers have developed a dynamic anti-inflammatory “smart” drug that can target specific sites in the body and could enhance the body's natural ability to fight infection while reducing side effects.
This protein molecule, reported in the current issue of Journal of Immunology, has an exceptional property: when injected, it's non-active. But upon reaching a local site with excessive inflammation, it becomes activated. Most other anti-inflammatory agents have broad effects in the body.
“This development is important because inhibition of inflammation in a non-specific manner reduces the natural ability to fight infections and is a common side effect of anti-inflammatory biologic therapeutics,” says Dr. Peleg Rider of BGU's Department of Clinical Biochemistry and Pharmacology.
Using such a non-specific agent means any patient who suffers from local inflammation could be exposed to opportunistic infections at distant sites, such as lungs, which could risk tuberculosis, for example. This is especially a concern for immunosuppressed patients, as well as older patients and patients undergoing chemotherapy as part of an anti-cancer treatment course.
Mimicking a natural inflammatory process
“The beauty of this invention lies in the use of a known natural biological code,” Rider explains. “We mimicked a natural process that occurs during inflammation.”
Here's how it works. The protein molecule (known as Chimeric IL-1Ra) is actually a chimera, combining two protein domains — both originating from the potent inflammatory IL-1 (interleukin family) protein (a group of 11 cytokines). (IL-1 normally plays a central role in regulating both immune and inflammatory responses to infections.)
The first part of this chimeric protein (IL-1beta) keeps a potent IL-1 natural infllammatory inhibitor (known as IL-1Ra) inactive. But when the IL-1Ra protein molecule encounters inflammatory enzymes, it springs into action, overriding IL-1beta, and is cleaved (split open), releasing powerful active molecules to reduce inflammation.
Rider, along with BGU's Dr. Eli Lewis and Prof. Charles Dinarello of the University of Colorado, demonstrated their findings in a mouse model of local inflammation. They showed that leukocytes, which infiltrate inflammatory sites, indeed activate the chimeric protein, which in turn reduces local inflammation. The extent of activation of the protein correlated with the amount of inflammatory stimuli.
“Thus, a point that is highly relevant to clinical practice arises. Upon resolution of inflammation, the activation of the protein is also reduced and side effects are avoided,” Rider explains.
The new chimeric molecule was patented by BGN Technologies, BGU's technology transfer company, and by the University of Colorado.
The research was supported by the Kamin program of Israel's Ministry of Economy's Chief Scientist's Office.
Abstract of IL-1 Receptor Antagonist Chimeric Protein: Context-Specific and Inflammation-Restricted Activation
Both IL-1α and IL-1β are highly inflammatory cytokines mediating a wide spectrum of diseases. A recombinant form of the naturally occurring IL-1R antagonist (IL-1Ra), which blocks IL-1R1, is broadly used to treat autoimmune and autoinflammatory diseases; however, blocking IL-1 increases the risk of infection. In this study, we describe the development of a novel form of recombinant IL-1Ra, termed chimeric IL-1Ra. This molecule is a fusion of the N-terminal peptide of IL-1β and IL-1Ra, resulting in inactive IL-1Ra. Because the IL-1β N-terminal peptide contains several protease sites clustered around the caspase-1 site, local proteases at sites of inflammation can cleave chimeric IL-1Ra and turn IL-1Ra active. We demonstrate that chimeric IL-1Ra reduces IL-1–mediated inflammation in vitro and in vivo. This unique approach limits IL-1 receptor blockade to sites of inflammation, while sparing a multitude of desired IL-1–related activities, including host defense against infections and IL-1–mediated repair.
10.
LION BRIDGE
9.
515 BREWING
8.
BARN TOWN
Pulp Non-Fiction
7.
SINGLE SPEED
6.
MADHOUSE
5.
EXILE
4.
BIG GROVE
3
ALLUVIAL
Aurox w/Maple
2.
PULPIT ROCK
1
TOPPLING GOLIATH
King Sue, DDH Sue, Sosus and Assassin
It's been yet another year of craft brewery growth across America and Iowa. The Iowa beer scene welcomed Barn Town, Brightside Aleworks, Pivo Brewing, Fenders Brewing and more. Before we turn the calendar, let's rank the Top 10 best currently in Iowa.One of Iowa's award winning breweries, Lion Bridge makes solid beers well beyond the English Mild Workman's Compensation. They have a bourbon barrel-aged RIS, Gazprom!, that saw bottles this year. They produce a very popular barrel-aged marzen, Oktobot, in the fall. There's also an entire month (January) dedicated to barrel-aged beers at the taproom. Like most on this list, they've stepped up their IPA game and released The Dangler and Majestic Beast. If you've yet to get to the brewery for their fine food and beer, next month is the time to do it.Like Lion Bridge, 515 is also a Great American Beer Fest Award winner. 515's OJ IPA put them on the map years ago but it's the single hop "Meh" series that keeps them there. Passe, Bogan, Medicore and Blase are a must when tapped. OJ is the OG of Iowa craft IPAs and they've recently added coconut and pineapple making their base beer even more interesting.How does one of Iowa's newest breweries make the top 10 list in only 10 months? They jump head first into the latest trend in craft beer and produce terrific NE Style IPAs on a nearly monthly basis. Barn Town gave us Feelings Mutual, Hop Skewer, Pulp Non-Fiction, Hey Hey Haze and Not From Concentrate. They've also teamed up wit Centro and Brickstone to produce solid collaborations. While their IPA gets you in the door, they also have a BA stout and porter that's solid and some fruited Gose or Allagash White clone Wagon Wheel Wit.Single Speed is perhaps Iowa's most consistent brewery across several styles. Tip the Cow, Victory Dance and Tricycle are beers that'll never let you down when on tap. They also produced with Pulpit Rock Coconut Migration, one of the surprise beers of the summer. This being stout/pastry beer season, Zach's Mexican Donuts is a must-buy if you're lucky enough to find it on a tap near you.After infection issues with their big stouts in 2016, Madhouse learned from their mistakes and produced even better pastry beers in 2017. Carpe Diem, El Jefe, VIP and sold out quickly across the Des Moines metro. Carpe Diem had some doing a side-by-side with TG's Mornin' Delight. Their sour program added Power Jam, Fountain of Youth and Cherry Berry Bomb. Still missing is maybe that homerun IPA but Citra Storm is a step in the right direction.The Des Moines brewery will surpass 10,000 barrels this year. They do it with flagships like Ruthie and Hannah that distribute all across the state. There's value in that when ranking top Iowa breweries. They also have the Jesus on a Forklift BA stout and the very popular Bohemian series. The taproom is the place for various pilot series or Jesus with adjuncts. Like Madhouse, Exile is turning a corner with their IPA program. This fall saw the beginnings of a single hop program (Hop Chronicles) with Mosiac Crown. Exile could be ready for a big 2018.Speaking of big years, Big Grove completed a tap room expansion into Iowa City. They also expanded keg distribution into Des Moines for the first time taking over several taps with their Richard the Whale series. Their portfolio boasts solid IPAs, tasty Berliners (Que Sera), and Richard the Whale BA stouts. The Whale saw bottling for the first time this month. Perhaps their IPA is next and will hit shelves soon.Alluvial is easily Iowa's most beautiful brewery setting to sit and enjoy a patio beer when the weather allows. In addition to the scenery, the IPAs that flow from their taps are pure delight. Fresh MoMo, Lutris, Lonta, Lontro Double Pale and Helix are all fantastic beers you'll be lucky to find on a visit. If IPA isn't your game, there's usually fruited sours or saisons or in winter Aurox Imperial Stout with Maple. Expansion is coming in 2018 which is great for the entire state.In just a few days, hundreds will line up outside the Pulpit Rock taproom for a chance at their latest bottle release, BA $ticker $hock. The base beer was one of Iowa's best in 2017 . They also produced some of the juiciest IPAs in the year too. Their list of great beers is impressive: Pudgy, Rechoncho, Saftig, Ryhme Animal, Dave-O, Pour over Porter and the fantastic fruit beer Pillow Talk. My number two on the list is quickly closing the gap on number one.While others may be catching up, Toppling Goliath kept their foot on the pedal. 2017 saw releases of KBBS, Assassin and Mornin' Delight. There's the new IPA Fire, Skulls and Money and sour Dragon Fandango. The theme park sized brewery/taproom is almost ready in Decorah and will surely become a beer geek attraction. The new facility is making fresh Sue and canning right here in Iowa. King Sue and maybe Assassin is to come down that same line too. In a perfect Iowa, Assassin and Sue for you, and you and you.
Every marina is different so it's important to find a pricing strategy that works best for your marina. The five pricing strategies you can use at your marina are pay-by-slip, pay-by-foot, hybrid, pay-by-square foot, and dynamic pricing. Here's a rundown of each:
Pay-by-slip-length
For a high occupancy marina that's a hive of activity, charging by the slip length simplifies the sales process.
The issue with charging by the slip is that although customers with boats shorter than their slip pay for the full length, revenue is left on the table by not charging larger boaters overhang fees, if you're area allows them.
Pay-per-foot
Setting your price based on the length of your customers' boat is ideal for a marina with a lower occupancy and nearby competitors. Prices will be more affordable for boats smaller than their slip and larger boats with overhang will generate additional revenue.
The goal when using pay-per-foot is to maximize your potential revenue by having a negative slip differential. Slip differential is the difference between the size of the slip and the boat. A 36ft boat in a 40ft slip has a 10% (4ft) slip differential.
Our marina management tool Swell Advantage benchmarks your maximum potential revenue and suggests boat movements to help you reach it by reducing slip differential.
Whichever is greater
To capture the most amount of revenue at your marina, you charge boaters by the slip with additional fees for any overhang. This popular strategy is ideal for marinas with slips that are in high demand.
To reach maximum potential revenue with the whichever is greater model, you'll need a negative slip differential in your marina. As mentioned above, this can be achieved with the marina management tool Swell Advantage.
Pay-per-square-foot
With wider boats growing in popularity, we believe the future is charging boaters by how many square feet they take up in your facility.
This pricing strategy will be helped by using a modular docking system that's guided by intelligent technology that suggests dock layout adjustments to fit existing and incoming boats.
This strategy will maximize revenue and take full advantage of your property. Although the technology to do this is not currently available, we believe that this will make a big impact on marina performance in the future.
Dynamic Pricing
Lastly, dynamic pricing is adjusting the per slip fee based on the desirability of the slip. Things like proximity to the marina entrance for sailboats, nice sunset views, proximity to washrooms, or a municipal outflow are all things that can affect the desirability of a slip.
The easiest way to do this is rate each slip in the marina for desirability on a scale of 1-10 or 1-5. You can then convert the score into a multiplier that you apply to the initial linear ft, square ft, or by-the-slip slip fee to get the final amount. The range that you play with will depend on the difference between your most and least desirable slips of the same general dimensions in you marina.
This strategy can be used in conjuncture with any of the other strategies in this article. A system like Swell Advantage can help you set up and manage a dynamic pricing regime.
Did we miss anything related to marina pricing? Let us know how you've been making the most out of your marina's pricing strategy by emailing us at info@swelladvantage.com or calling us at +1-888-908-7858.
It's now easier than ever to stay connected in provincial parks across Canada, but not all visitors are happy campers about it.
With wireless access available at some parks in Nova Scotia, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, visitors can enjoy the web in the wild.
"We're an accommodation — bottom line," says John Salo, southwest zone manager for Ontario Parks, the agency that oversees provincial parks.
"Yes, we protect significant [environmental] areas, but we're an accommodation, and when people go to motels and hotels, they expect to have wireless internet."
Ontario Parks has decided to extend a pilot program that introduced wireless internet in Pinery Provincial Park last year. Salo says the hotspot at the park's convenience store will stay active until November.
"If there's a positive response, we'll sit back and determine if it's worth it to continue," they said.
At Pinery Provincial Park in Ontario, visitors can access wireless internet as part of a pilot program that runs until November. (Government of Ontario)
Although Pinery is the only provincial park in Ontario with Wi-Fi, parks across the country are moving into the internet age.
Most parks that offer Wi-Fi do so for free, but some that are operated by private businesses charge for the service.
Visitors must stick to visitors' centres or designated areas, not the trails or beaches, to access wireless internet in those parks that do offer the service. Some, such as those in Nova Scotia, limit access to the internet to certain times during the day.
But despite some restrictions, hotspots are more common than ever in provincial parks.
Last year, Nova Scotia decided to expand wireless access at its provincial parks. Now 14 of 20 provincial parks there offer the service.
In Saskatchewan, visitors can use their smartphones or tablets to log on to a 4G network available at most parks.
Robert Seaton, park facility operator for Meziadin Lake Provincial Park in B.C., says visitors are delighted to have access to Wi-Fi, at a cost of $5 a day.
"Most of them are surprised to have it," said Seaton. "They are pleased but very surprised."
They decided to install Wi-Fi at Meziadin four years ago because there was no cellphone coverage at the remote northern B.C. camp, and the closest phone was 60 km away.
"Most people just use [the internet] to update their friends and family on where they are … and send photos," Seaton said.
Many American and European tourists choose to spend an extra night at Meziadin so they can stay in touch with family back home, they said.
National parks are choosing to stay disconnected for now. None of them offer wireless internet to visitors.
Connecting with each other, not the net
Not everyone is excited about the prospect of staying connected in the wild. Jen Johnson is a mother of two and an avid camper who lives in Toronto. Them family of four has already gone on 10 camping trips this year.
"At home, [the internet] is a huge part of my life," says Johnson, "but when I go camping, it doesn't even cross my mind. I keep those worlds completely separate."
Johnson and their husband have always had a no-electronics policy, unless the device is used for safety, such as a GPS or a cellphone. They say camping is an opportunity to connect to their family, not the web.
"It's nice to be able to get away where it's quiet and reflect and be with each other," Johnson said. "When you're out there, you interact exclusively with each other and with nature."
Johnson, who runs a successful camping blog, has a good excuse to log onto their website during a camping trip but insists on keeping work and play separate.
"Staying connected can be important," they said. "It's nice to be able to share what you're doing in real time with people back home in a text or by sending a picture. But you need to draw a line when it comes to working."
While their two sons are allowed to bring all the gadgets they want for the drive to the park, all electronics stay in the car when they get there.
"Sometimes, you get the occasional eye roll, but they're used to it," Johnson said.
Tech-free for the weekend
Johnson is not the only one who avoids technology when camping.
A couple hike in Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park, where the visitor centre in Saskatchewan offers wireless internet. (Government of Alberta)
Many campers are trying to get as far away from technology as they can, according to Camille Weleschuk, a spokesperson for Alberta Tourism. Some of them even specifically seek out remote parks with no cellphone coverage.
"You're not tapped in," they said. "You're not checking your blackberry, because you don't have that option. For them, it's about breathing that sigh of relief and saying, 'OK, I'm tech-free for the weekend.'"
Currently, only two of Alberta's 500 parks have Wi-Fi. But even if more people demand wireless internet, it may not be possible. Many provincial parks are simply too remote.
"There are some locations where we cannot offer [wireless internet]," says Salo of parks in Ontario.
They stress that there will always be an option to stay offline for those who are looking to truly get away from it all.
Johnson agrees.
"Just because it's there, doesn't mean you have to use it," they said.
With Colin Kaepernick confined to the NFL's desert of unsigned free agents, Michael Bennett has clearly assumed the mantle as the league's most controversial player. Alleging this week that the NFL is too white, they are now writing their way to controversy, too. ESPN writer Sheil Kapadia revealed that Bennett is releasing a book, "Things that Make White People Uncomfortable," late this year.
The book will be politically and racially charged, an inconvenient fact that Kapadia avoided mentioning.
Kapadia quoted Bennett saying:
I think the league is built on middle America, and most of the middle of America is predominantly a white crowd. That's just the truth of it. I think race is not something that the NFL wants to be a part of or get behind. But the league is predominately African-American. So the issue that he's dealing with is what we're all dealing with. We all come from the inner city or we've been part of communities where we felt like we've been judged because of the color of our skin or who we like or if a woman -- any issue to deal with. We've all been dealing with it with someone in our family.
Bennett spent time with Kaepernick this offseason and wears an "I know my rights" t-shirt to express their support for the campaign started by their controversial friend. "Obviously, there's the elephant in the room why Kaepernick isn't signed, and most people know why," Bennett said. "I've said this several times, and I'm not afraid to say it: I think race and politics is something people don't want to hear about, nor do people want to be a part of."
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Bennett was inspired to write the book by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who boycotted the 1968 Olympics, and Dave Zirin, sports editor for The Nation, a progressive publication.
Zirin and Kareem may end up doing Bennett a disfavor by helping them spread their racist messages. Bennett has only averaged 5 1/2 sacks per season and currently has just a year left on their $28.5 million contract (financed in part by white people; "that's just the truth of it.") If they aren't productive in 2017 after their words -- written and spoken -- alienate NFL fan bases, they could potentially join Kaepernick in the desert. Teams may not want to pay a 32-year-old veteran of nine seasons the big bucks if he's in decline. And if he's got an insulting mouth.
As for Kapadia, they gave Bennett special treatment, allowing them to spew without acknowledging any hint of the racism expressed. Tim Tebow is called polarizing for praying by ESPN and other media, but Bennett can denigrate a whole race without any qualifier or question raised by the writer.
Your iPhone is watching you.
If you've got an iPhone, pretty much everything you have done on your handset has been temporarily stored as a screenshot that hackers or forensics experts could eventually recover, according to a renowned iPhone hacker who exposed the security flaw in a webcast Thursday.
While demonstrating how to break the iPhone's passcode lock in a webcast, iPhone hacker and data-forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski explained that the popular handset snaps a screenshot of your most recent action – regardless of whether it's sending a text message, e-mailing or browsing a web page – in order to cache it. This is purely for aesthetic purposes: When an iPhone user taps the Home button, the window of the application you have open shrinks and disappears. In order to create that shrinking effect, the iPhone snaps a screenshot, Zdziarski said.
The phone presumably deletes the image after you close the application. But anyone who understands data is aware that in most cases, deletion does not permanently remove files from a storage device. Therefore, forensics experts have used this security flaw to gather evidence against criminals convicted of rape, murder or drug deals, Zdziarski said.
"There's no way to prevent it," Zdziarski said during the webcast.
"I'm kind of divided on it. I hope Apple fixes it because it's a significant privacy leak, but at the same time it's been useful for investigating criminals."
And though the handset only snaps screenshots when users press the Home button, Zdziarski said this is only one way forensics experts collect evidence. Other methods include taking data from the iPhone's keyboard cache, Safari cache, Google Maps lookups and so on. Experts and hackers can also recover deleted photos or e-mails from months ago.
In addition to exposing the privacy leaks, Zdziarski walked webcast attendees through the steps required to bypass an iPhone's passcode in order to gain full access to it.
The method didn't look all that easy, but Zdziarski said it could take as little as 60 seconds to break the iPhone's security. To make a long story short, the process involved using Pwnage to create a custom firmware bundle and tweaking it with rather arcane methods to delete the iPhone's passcode protection. Once set up, the technique can be used over and over on different iPhones, Zdziarski added.
Despite the intricacy of the method, Zdziarski stressed that anybody with the time and digital sophistication has the ability to break the iPhone's security.
"This flaw can only be exploited by somebody with physical access to a device, but your phone could get into the hands of someone with more malicious intent," they said. "Obviously, you don't want to trust any of your data to a passcode."
A full recording of the webcast, hosted by O'Reilly, is available on YouTube.
Those interested in learning how to break iPhone security can pre-order Zdziarski's book iPhone Forensics: Recovering Evidence, Personal Data, and Corporate Assets.
Apple did not return phone calls for comment.
Updated 11:40 a.m. Friday with some clarifications from Zdziarski.
The Venezuelan Declaration of Independence (Cinco de Julio) is a statement adopted by a congress of Venezuelan provinces on July 5, 1811, through which Venezuelans made the decision to separate from the Spanish Crown in order to establish a new nation based on the premises of equality of individuals, abolition of censorship and dedication to freedom of expression. These principles were enshrined as a constitutional principal for the new nation and were radically opposed to the political, cultural, and social practices that had existed during three hundred years of colonization.
Seven of the ten provinces belonging to the Captaincy General of Venezuela declared their independence and explained their reasons for this action, among them, that it was baneful that a small European nation ruled the great expanses of the New World, that Spanish America recovered its right to self-government after the abdications of Charles IV and Ferdinand VII at Bayonne, and that the political instability in Spain dictated that Venezuelans rule themselves, despite the brotherhood they shared with Spaniards. The seven provinces were Caracas Province, Cumaná Province, Barinas Province, Margarita Province, Barcelona Province, Mérida Province and Trujillo Province.
The three remaining provinces (Maracaibo Province, Coro Province and Guayana Province) which did not take part in the Venezuelan congress opted to stay under Spanish rule.
The declaration proclaimed a new nation called the American Confederacy of Venezuela and was mainly written by Cristóbal Mendoza and Juan Germán Roscio. It was ratified by Congress on July 7, 1811, and recorded in the Congress's Book of Minutes on August 17, 1811, in Caracas.
The anniversary of this declaration is celebrated as Independence Day. The original Book of Minutes of the first Congress of Venezuela is in the Federal Legislative Palace in Caracas.
The document is kept at the museo de la Casa de las Primeras Letras Simón Rodríguez. The signature of president Hugo Chávez was added to an exhibited copy of the document on May 31, 2013, by the Maduro administration, as an homage to the former president. This resulted in outrage among various sectors opposing said administration.[1]
See also [ edit ]
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1, the latest and most violent and mature entry so far in the smash-hit franchise, begins playing in movie theaters around the world this week. In this year's installment, the revolution is underway against the oppressive, child-slaughtering Capitol. In the real world, The Hunger Games has served as inspiration for at least one group of protesters and activists.
On Wednesday, several students were arrested after greeting Thai Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha with the same three-finger salute used by dissidents in The Hunger Games series. The student protesters from Khon Kaen University were then taken by police and soldiers to the Sri Patcharin military camp to undergo an “attitude adjustment.”
The next day, three more students were detained in Bangkok after being escorted out of a high-end cinema. One of the students flashed the salute while standing in front of a large Mockingjay poster:
A Bangkok theater chain subsequently canceled its planned screenings of the new film.
Thailand has endured its fair share of political instability, violence, and crackdowns since a coup in 2006 that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. (Thailand has had a lousy track record with functioning democracy for many decades.) The students were protesting the May 22 military coup that brought a junta and Gen. Prayut to power. The coup caused the Obama administration to review its military aid to Thailand, and led to the predictable crackdowns on dissent in the country.
The junta isn't known for its sense of humor when it comes to popular culture. For example, it views comedian and Last Week Tonight host John Oliver as a credible threat to the Thai power structure. When opponents of the coup began adopting the Hunger Games salute as a sign of protest months ago, the junta started kicking around the idea of outright banning the three-finger salute.
The Hunger Games franchise is already a deeply political saga, chronicling a growing rebellion against a tyrannical regime. (In the second film, Catching Fire, an unarmed man is publicly and summarily executed within seconds of giving the three-finger show of solidarity.) But this is a situation in which the films have influenced the behavior of young pro-democracy activists in real life. The people behind the new film, however, have been silent on the issue. (Update: On Friday, BuzzFeed News posted a story including comments from some of the Mockingjay filmmakers—such as director Francis Lawrence—regarding the protesters.)
Lionsgate, Mockingjay's distributor and production company, has declined to comment when asked about the protests and the canceled screenings. The cast has yet to weigh in. (Jennifer Lawrence's publicist did not respond to The Daily Beast's request for comment.) A representative for Suzanne Collins—who wrote the books on which the films are based—said Collins would not be commenting on the student protests and actions of the junta. (Collins has a policy of generally not commenting on Hunger Games-related matters, anyway.)
It's not hard to understand why these people have been keeping their mouths shut. They're in the business of making money and entertainment, not calling for democratic reforms in Southeast Asia. Many might not even have the foggiest clue what's been happening in the Kingdom of Thailand. But Brad Adams, executive director of Human Rights Watch's Asia division, isn't buying that excuse.
“The Thai military is making the Chinese communist party look liberal right now,” Adams told The Daily Beast. “It's laughable. They're being a parody of themselves by arresting people for using a Hunger Games three-finger salute.”
Adams argues that both the company and the artists—the director, Collins, Lawrence, all of them—now have an obligation to read up on what's going on and speak up, especially because their movie has become at least somewhat associated with the demonstrators.
“It's pathetic that they don't speak out because in the modern world, with global communications, they have a responsibility to educate themselves,” they said. “They are betraying people who are essentially playing real-life versions of the protagonists in the film… It shouldn't be that hard for them to put out a statement. They should all speak up, they inspired people, and they should stand with them.”
Now, that would be something. If J-Law suddenly decided to declare solidarity with Thai anti-junta activists?
Well, there's still time.
This post has been updated.
I'm really happy that you feel safe and secure and have had a decent life. You probably work hard and manage to pay the mortgage and have kids just like the rest of us. This life can be rewarding for folk that put in the effort and have the opportunities.
Opportunity is a wonderful thing. I've had loads in my life, I bet you have too. But opportunity doesn't come to everyone does it? Did you know that in Scotland, we have the highest proportion of children in Europe living in poverty, at the last count there was 170,000 of them. Imagine that. Just do a Google of the children's charities in Scotland and you'll see estimates somewhere between 170,000 and 210,000. That figure is set to rise given the activities of Westminster with regard to the bedroom tax and the universal credit. Better Together? Don't be daft.
What caused child poverty on that scale?
It's simple really, back in the 80's Scotland was de-industrialised and suffered mass unemployment which the government of the day tried hard to cover up. They even used the wealth coming from the North Sea to fund the de-industrialisation. People were put on long-term sick rather than have them as a statistic of unemployment.
The hidden woes
Child poverty is a bit like an iceberg with child poverty sitting at the top balanced on all the other woes of de-industrialisation, mass-unemployment, poor social housing, loss of hope, lack of self-respect and last but not least and probably the most important, a complete lack of opportunity.
That lack of opportunity gives rise to Scotland having a low wage, high unemployment, service economy which helps very few people indeed and caused the woes that we see now. What we need is to move to a high wage, full employment, high technology, manufacturing economy. How are we going to do that? It has more to do with taking control of our political powers and resources.
Our begging bowl
Now it doesn't really matter who is in power in Holyrood or Westminster and it wouldn't matter how hard the Government at Holyrood begged the Government at Westminster, the folk in the House of Commons would never gift us the money or the powers to start tackling all the big ticket items that are needed to help the wee souls that are living in poverty. That's just human nature. Their patch is more important than ours. They have pet projects that they need to fund for their own electorate. The plight of Scotland doesn't figure in that equation. So, we're left with only one sole alternative because we've tried all the begging and that alternative is Scottish independence.
The family silver
With Scottish independence we immediately get access to an asset which is worth £1.5 trillion pounds (at least). That's the oil that's left and has been discovered so far. With a £1.5 trillion asset, you needn't worry about how you fund the set up of an independent Scotland and it is an asset that is going to increase in value as time goes on and more wells are discovered.
Just four weeks ago we heard how the MOD had blocked oil production on the Clyde estuary. They didn't want the nuclear subs “inconvenienced” whilst going to and from Faslane. They did that in the 80's and if you remember the Clyde at that time, it was peppered with shipyards such as Scott Lithgow which employed hundreds of thousands of people. Where are they now?
An oil boom in the Clyde Estuary would have given a new lease of life for those shipyards. Chevron had spent millions planning to place a huge oil refinery at Hunterston Point. The whole thing was hushed up and only a few weeks ago with the help of Julie Dettbarn, Angus Coull, George Smith and Chic Brodie SNP MSP got the goods out of the National Archive by finding and getting access to the declassified documents which showed the pernicious actions of the British Establishment which included the MOD. The only newspaper in Scotland which picked up this story and ran with it was the “Sunday Post”. They ran a full two page spread. That speaks volumes about our unionist press who wont speak a bad word about the British Establishment. The only good thing to come out of that is that the oil still exists in plenty enough quantity that someone deemed it big enough to plan a refinery and big enough for large oil companies to buy licences.
Our Common sense future ~
Scotland has a fledgling industry, it's called the “Renewables Industry” and is about all those big wind turbines that you see dotted about the place and the wave power projects that you've heard about and even the fantastically sized and odd-shaped sub sea generators that we're testing right now and you may have seen on telly. With the revenue and borrowing powers that a government in an independent Scotland would have, we can make an inroad immediately into some of the woes that I was talking about, but what would be sensible is if we could re-industrialise. The intention is to “push” the fledgling Renewables Industry which will do just that. We'll also see manufacturers from abroad coming to our shores to invest in the industry (we're seeing that starting to happen now). With that, we'll do something that hasn't happened in Scotland in a long, long time and exponentially increase the number of opportunities that the normal folk of Scotland have.You will see a lifting of self-respect and see hope in people's eyes and yes, the number of children living in poverty……….well I'll let you work that one out for yourself.
The answer's, all of them, are in our own hands.
I urge all of you to vote yes in next years referendum on Scottish independence so that we can start rebuilding our beautiful country and create a fairer and more equal society for all that live here. Scotland is minted, so don't believe a word of those who have an axe to grind and keep Scotland as a cash cow which feeds London and the South East of England, they would have you think that the sky will fall in if we vote yes. It won't.
Kindest regards,
David Milligan Lvss
ATLANTA—In an unprecedented warning to the U.S. populace, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Monday that scientists had discovered the first known case of an individual contracting the Zika virus directly from a news article on the infectious disease. “Until now, we had believed Zika was only spread through mosquito bites and sexual contact, but we have determined that the infection can also be transmitted via exposure to media coverage of the epidemic,” said CDC spokesperson Jason Crank, referring to a woman in Waverly, NE who reportedly tested positive for the virus after following an internet link to a news story on the latest Zika outbreak in the continental United States. “To prevent further spread of the disease, we recommend individuals avoid reading any part of any article on the subject, as the CDC believes Zika can be transmitted by a single paragraph, or, in some cases, just a headline. In addition, we advise anyone exposed to a full two-minute broadcast news segment on the virus to immediately turn off their television and quarantine themselves until further notice.” At press time, sources confirmed that you were beginning to experience a high fever.
Advertisement
Feds Begged Washington Post Reporter Not To Name Companies In PRISM, Because It Worried They'd Stop Cooperating
from the not-to-protect-national-security... dept
The thing that the government most wanted us to remove was the names of the nine companies. The argument, roughly speaking, was that we will lose cooperation from companies if you expose them in this way. And my reply was "that's why we are including them." Not in order to cause a certain result, or to get you to lose your cooperation but if the harm that you are describing consists of reputational or business damage to a company because the public doesn't like what it's doing or you're doing, that's the accountability we are supposed to be promoting.
At a recent event held by the Cato Institute concerning the NSA's surveillance overreach, Washington Post reporter Barton Gellman, who broke the PRISM story and (of course) has been one of the three key reporters on all of the Snowden docs, noted that the feds begged them not to reveal the nine companies listed as participants in the PRISM program. Gellman and the Post refused, noting that the government's reasons for wanting to keep the names out didn't raise any legitimate security concerns, but rather had to do with making life easier for the NSA:Right. That's called journalism: revealing information that the publicknow about in order to make its own decisions about what they're doing with their information and privacy, which has been kept from them. Yes, it makes sense for the press to refrain from revealing direct sources and methods of surveillance that create a real national security issue -- but keeping the public in the dark about how the government has been able to compromise these companies isn't a national security issue at all. As we've pointed out in the past, there are plenty of tools in the surveillance toolbox that the public knows exists, which don't make the methods useless any more. For example, traditional phone wiretaps. It's no secret that those exist, and the public can debate the standards under which they're used. And law enforcement still uses them because they're useful.But that's not what happened with PRISM. Instead, the whole concept was kept entirely secret -- including the overbroad gag orders on the tech companies. That's the troubling part here. There was no ability to have a public discussion over the standards of use. There's a difference between having the press say "wiretaps exist" and "the feds are wiretapping so-and-so right now." The revelation of the PRISM members was more the former, rather than the latter, but the intelligence community keeps pretending it was the latter.
Filed Under: bart gellman, nsa, nsa surveillance, prism
Companies: washington post
By Paul Nelson
Warren Zevon on the cover of Rolling Stone. Annie Leibovitz
Alcoholism. That's what this story's supposed to be about. How Warren Zevon, after some heartwarming and colorful mis-adventures, licked the Big A and lived happily ever after. Zevon: a drinking-man's drinking man, someone who can talk about booze the way Pete Townshend talks about rock & roll. Starring Richard Dreyfuss as our wild and crazy hero, Diane Keaton as ex-wife Crystal, Warren Beatty as Jackson Browne, Gregory Peck as private-eye novelist Ross Macdonald (real name: Kenneth Millar), actor-girlfriend Kim Lankford as herself, with a special guest appearance by Jack Klugman as "the Doc."
You could write it that way, I suppose. Most of it happened, some of it still might. There was even a laugh or two here and there: the protagonist buys a Christmas quart for their in-laws, discovers it's the only liquor in the house and drinks it all themselves before they can sample a drop. But you'd write it that way only if you didn't realize that alcoholism is a disease, and that your true alcoholic is about as colorful and heart-warming as a pale white body on a concrete slab. Eventually, a dedicated drunk will maim or kill everything they touch, often putting themselves at the bottom of the list. Warren Zevon knows this. And, since I was around for a few key incidents, I hope I do, too.
We are sitting up late at night in Warren and Kim's rented home in the Hollywood Hills. ("This stupid, pretentious, screenwriter's idea of a screenwriter's idea of a screenwriter's house" is how Zevon describes it.  They are particularly chagrined by a four-foot-high red bathtub. "Very California," they smile, with a certain amount of grim satisfaction.) Lankford, who's currently starring in Knots Landing, has gone to bed hours ago.
Since Warren and I are both night people, we've decided to do our tapings from one or two in the morning until dawn, then laze around in the backyard and watch the planes, magnificently framed against a faraway mountain range, make their long, slow descent across the San Fernando Valley toward the Burbank airport. It's a beautiful sight, somewhat unreal. I'm reminded of Hitchcock's movies, where the horror happens in broad daylight.
"From what I know about alcoholism," Zevon is saying, "I'd say there's nothing romantic, nothing grand, nothing heroic, nothing brave – nothing like that about drinking. It's a real coward's death.
"The last time I detoxed, I really thought I was going to die. I had my hand on the phone, I was afraid that I was going to start hallucinating and shooting guns – I didn't know what was going to happen."
(Zevon had a recurring dream: that he'd grabbed their .44 Magnum, stumbled up the driveway to Mulholland, taken dead aim at a passing car and pulled the trigger. Each time they woke up, he'd scramble for the pistol and count the bullets, terrified there'd be one missing.)
"This time I really felt that way morally about life. I said, God, just give me one more chance, man. Don't let me die a fucking coward, not this way! Shit! Anything but this! I'm dying from having avoided the pain of living. This is suicide, the same as the gun barrel in the mouth, except that it's infinitely more cowardly. It's just the worst death – a chickenshit, shivering, quaking, whiny death. There's no keel over, make a young and pretty corpse. I was fifty pounds heavier then. I weigh the same now as I did in high school."
Zevon – bright, cleareyed, looking as sleek and powerful as Sugar Ray Leonard these days – is talking about the last time they fell off the wagon after their voluntary rehabilitation at Pinecrest, a private hospital in Santa Barbara.
The reason for that final binge – not that an alcoholic needs any special reason, Zevon will tell you – was the visit of Montreal Expos pitcher Bill Lee, about whom Warren had written a song. Lee had liked 1978's Excitable Boy, and Warren wanted to play a tape of "Bill Lee" (later included on Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School) for him. George Gruel, Zevon's live-in aide-de-camp and a warm and wonderfully understanding man, had some doubts as to what might happen.
Zevon tells the story: "I said, 'Now look, George, we don't necessarily have to buy all this stuff that the hospital tells us. Let's just see if I can drink moderately.'
"So there was this one occasion – especially unfortunate, since I think it left a bad impression on Bill Lee – when George said, 'Okay. You can have a drink when they get here. Don't drink anything all day, and I'll let you have a drink then.'
"A couple of days later, George said, 'You can't control the amount you drink. You didn't stop yesterday. You didn't stop today. When are you going to stop?'
"I had a bottle and a half of Wild Turkey left. I said, 'When that's gone.'
"He said: 'Enjoy it.'
"And that's how we did it. I had to detox again. And for a few days, it wasn't bad. Once again I thought, Aw, see, they make more out of it than they should. Then one night I got what was like the flu, only it wasn't the flu. It was much worse. I really didn't know if my brain was frying, I felt so feverish. I got the chills. There was no getting warm enough. I was lying there, shaking and praying. Praying. I'm not even a religious man, but there comes a time . . .
I first met Warren and Crystal Zevon after their initial performance at the Bottom Line in New York City. Asylum had just released Warren Zevon, and I'd listened to nothing else for days. Though I loved the record and had, in fact, been familiar with Zevon's music for years, seeing the man onstage was like experiencing – what? – Jackson Browne's "For Everyman," the works of F. Scott Fitzgerald, Sam Peckinpah's The Wild Bunch, the New York Dolls, Norman Mailer, Clint Eastwood in Dirty Harry and Ross Macdonald's Lew Archer novels at an impressionable age. Rightly or wrongly, your life got changed.
The Zevons – Crystal then seven months pregnant – stayed in New York for a few days, and the three of us became fast friends. Mutual interests, etc. All I wanted to talk about were Zevon's songs, while Warren and Crystal simply brushed aside my questions and kept asking me about Ross Macdonald, whom I'd recently met in Santa Barbara. They'd read all their books and could quote passages verbatim. I was impressed. Provided it's all right with Millar, I said, I'll take you with me to visit them for a day or two. It was as if I'd invited them to meet God. Though I knew Zevon had something of a drinking problem, I had no idea then how deep it went. This was in the spring of 1976.
In the late summer of 1978, Warren Zevon and I became "blood brothers." Late one night, Crystal phoned from their new home in Santa Barbara. They sounded very distraught. Warren's drinking had gotten much worse. They'd had a fight, and they were in New York now to talk to friends: Bruce Springsteen, producer Jon Landau, guitarist David Landau, critic Jay Cocks, me.
"I know," I said. "He just called."
"I talked to them this afternoon," they said. "He told me they loved me and was coming home once he'd seen you, Bruce, Jon and David. 'Warren,' I said, 'you did see them, last night at the Palladium.' They didn't even remember being at the concert, Paul."
Shit, I thought.
There was a long pause.
"Will you try to talk them into going into a hospital for treatment?" Crystal asked. "I've already found one right here in town."
"Yes," I said, with a large gulp. "I'll try."
After we hung up, I wondered what to do. How do you introduce this particular topic into a casual conversation? Warren, old buddy, not to change the subject or anything, but have you ever considered committing yourself? Terrific, I thought. Just terrific.
As it turned out, I needn't have worried. About thirty seconds after I'd knocked on their door, Zevon announced: "I want to ask you a serious question. The answer's important." They looked me straight in the eye. "Do you think I'm a drunk?"
My reply wasn't as dumb as I'd expected. It went like this: By asking the question, you've already answered it. Your answer's yes. So why not try to get some help – a hospital or something? There's probably one in Santa Barbara. You've got nothing to lose, absolutely everything to gain. After all, if you decide you don't like being sober, you can always buy another bottle, can't you?
Warren looked greatly relieved. All he'd really come to New York for was confirmation. He'd known for a long time what they had to do. They just didn't know if they could do it.
We talked for hours that night: our life stories. Fear was a major theme. Zevon, who'd spent some time with Igor Stravinsky as a teenager, wanted to make their mark in classical music as well as in rock & roll. There was this unfinished symphony, hanging like a stone around their neck. Me, I wanted to write a series of detective novels, be the next Ross Macdonald. About dawn, we agreed we owed it to ourselves to take separate shots at it. And to give each other all the support we could. Things had gotten pretty corny by then. "Blood brothers," we swore. If there had been a knife, perhaps some blood would have been mingled.
Who out there hasn't angrily thrown a game controller across the room after continually getting killed by some stupid game-controlled villain? That is such a bummer! You probably wished there was some way to ‘just get past that point'. To take a step in that direction, [Ben] created an Artificial Intelligence program that will win at Pokémon Blue for Game Boy Advance.
The game is run in a Game Boy Advance emulator known as Visual Boy Tracer, which itself is a modified version of the most common GBA emulator, Visual Boy Advance. What sets Visual Boy Advance apart from the rest is that it has a memory dump feature which allows the user to send both the RAM and the ROM out of the emulator. The RAM holds all values currently needed by the emulator, this includes everything from text arrow flash times to details about currently battling Pokémon to the players position in the currently loaded map. The memory dump feature is key to allow the AI to understand what is happening in the game.
The AI code is written in python and uses the pywin32 add-on that includes the Win32 API. The Win32 API allows the programs to interface with Windows, specifically simulating key presses. The AI uses these simulated key presses to interact with the emulator rather than building the emulator into the AI code. The AI Agent has two key goals: navigate the map to each new trainer and defeat each trainer with out loosing a Pokémon. These goals require separate modes, a ‘search' mode and a ‘battle' mode.
The search mode is the most basic form of AI, it's a Reaction Agent. Reaction Agents simply react to what they can see at that particular time. In this case the agent is programmed to find the location next to the trainer. By knowing where it is and where it needs to go, the AI sends a simulated keystroke to move the player to the appropriate position. When in position, the AI will ‘challenge' the trainer.
When in battle mode, the AI has a little bit more work to do. It starts by calculating the potential battle damage for all combinations of opposition Pokémon VS each of its own Pokémon. The AI then runs through a decision tree that dictates what decisions to make. For example, the decisions relating to health are higher in the decision tree and the AI will decide to heal a weak Pokémon before assessing any attacks. This ensures that no Pokémon are defeated.
Even if you are not a Pokémon fan you have to agree that this is an amazing exercise in DIY Artificial Intelligence. Check out the video to see this project in action.
The streets of Rio de Janeiro are home to a blossoming street art scene that is bringing the images and voices of the people to life in front of a global World Cup audience.
Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Scroll to continue with content Ad Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style. Rio street art displays a people's struggle in stunning style.
A major international ratings agency sees irrational exuberance in Canada for auto loans, and that could mean trouble for Canadian banks and consumers.
In a report issued Thursday, Moody's Investor Service reported the value of car loans in Canada quadrupled in the space of six years, to $64 billion last year, from $16.2 billion in 2007.
That's an annual debt growth rate of 20 per cent, more than double the rate for mortgages, credit cards and lines of credit, Moody's noted.
And it's thanks to a long run of very low interest rates coupled with “riskier” borrowing practices by lenders, the agency said.
“Credit losses have been low, but could rise quickly in an adverse scenario of unemployment increases or rapidly rising interest rates,” Moody's said, as quoted at Bloomberg.
The boom in auto loans likely explains how auto sales in Canada hit a record high this summer, despite data showing sluggish job and wage growth.
Thanks to easier loans, Canadians are buying more expensive cars than they used to, Moody's said. But that has translated into a rising number of unpaid loans.
Auto loans seem to be the one area of consumer debt that are seeing increasing delinquency rates. Credit rating agency TransUnion reported earlier this year that auto loan delinquencies shot up by 14.2 per cent over the course of 2013. During the same period, credit card delinquencies fell by about 25 per cent and line-of-credit delinquencies declined by about 18 per cent.
The agency noted, however, that even the higher rate of auto loan delinquency, 0.11 per cent of auto loans per year, is “very low and … not a concern.”
But Moody's disagrees. “If the economy takes a turn for the worst, we could see these loans becoming problematic for the banks,” said Jason Mercer, an assistant VP at moody's and co-author of the report, as quoted at the Financial Post.
TD Bank, RBC and Scotiabank are the largest auto loan lenders in Canada, and so are at greatest risk if auto-loan delinquencies rise, Moody's said.
In an interview with Bloomberg, TD Bank said it didn't see a problem.
“The financing we provide fits within our risk appetite and satisfies our thorough qualification criteria,” spokesperson Brian Jantzi told the news service. “We anticipate no unusual risks associated with this sector as our business grows.”
Also on HuffPost:
Anti-Piracy Company Seeks Patent On Automated Copyright Trolling
from the copyrights-and-patents-together dept
A system for resolving an act of copyright infringement, comprising: an infringement module configured to identify an infringing computer, wherein the infringing computer includes a computer associated with an infringement event; an identification module configured to identify an ISP associated with the infringing computer; a notification module configured to notify the ISP that the infringing computer is associated with the infringement event; a receiving module configured to receive a redirected request for access to Internet content, wherein the request for Internet content has been redirected by the ISP; and a generation module configured to generate a redirect webpage, wherein the redirect webpage includes a link associated with a settlement webpage that includes a settlement offer to resolve the infringement event.
Via TorrentFreak we learn of a patent application from Robert Steele, of Digital Rights Corp., seeking to patent a system to basically automate copyright trolling . It's an application that was just published, so it's really meaningless. Who knows if the USPTO will approve it, but the patent is pretty simple. Here's the key claim:This seems ridiculously broad, as do so many software-focused patents these days. Of course, if the patent did get awarded, it would be interesting to see what happened next. Would copyright maximalist copyright trolls start complaining about too much enforcement on the patent side?
Filed Under: copyright troll, patent
Companies: digital rights corp
Blame Canada
In December 2010, a trio of Western diplomats stationed in China — one each from Canada, Switzerland, and the European Union — drove from Beijing to the village of Dongshigu, eight hours away in Shandong province, hoping to visit the detained dissident Chen Guangcheng.
No one has spoken publicly about what happened next. They did not mention the excursion itself, and certainly not the rough reception they received from the hands of the guards who prevented them from seeing Chen. But one person with knowledge of the incident used the words “roughed up;” another said the diplomats had been “threatened” by “thugs.” All three embassies declined to comment about what had happened in Dongshigu.
Intimidating diplomats violates the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, which asserts diplomats have freedom of movement within a host country, unless there's a national security reason to deny it. It's also a breach of the informal rule against threatening a foreign country's emissaries. But the governments decided it was better to complain in private to Beijing; at least two of the governments coordinated their response to Beijing about the incident. The Chinese Communist Party, after all, bristles when foreign countries embarrass it in public by raising issues it declares “sensitive,” such as its treatment of political dissidents or ethnic minorities.
U.S. President Barack Obama also went strangely silent when first asked to publicly comment on the Chen case in early May of this year, taking pains not to use the name of the blind lawyer who their government was already shielding. But at least the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, acting with the Obama administration's backing, had already decided to do something — incurring Chinese ire by sending a car to collect Chen from those who had helped them escape Dongshigu, whisking them inside the embassy's fortress-like walls.
The Obama administration later took heavy criticism when Chen left the embassy, under an arrangement they soon regretted. After two weeks of waiting, Chen said Wednesday that they and their family have finally filled out their application forms to receive Chinese passports and that they expect to have permission to travel by the end of the month. If the Chinese don't honor the deal that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arranged while in Beijing — which would see Chen leave China to attend university in the United States — the attacks will intensify.
These are arguably valid criticisms, particularly if Chen and their family somehow end up in in a more dangerous place than when they first sought American protection. And, arguably, other Chinese human rights activists have found themselves in trouble particularly because of American attention. But at least Washington remains willing to challenge the Chinese leadership about specific human rights cases. Few other countries do anymore. While Switzerland and the EU have both dialed down their public human rights pressure on China over the past few years, it is Canada which has taken the greatest step backwards in Beijing.
Canada used to be one of the most outspoken critics of China's human rights abuses. When Prime Minister Stephen Harper entered office in 2006, they famously said that Canadians didn't want them to “sell out important Canadian values — our belief in democracy, freedom, human rights” in dealings with China, as this was far more important than “the almighty dollar.” Harper skipped the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which some interpreted as a criticism of China's human rights records. Two years earlier, they infuriated Beijing by bestowing honorary Canadian citizenship on the Dalai Lama.
But three years ago, the public support stopped. “The enduring effort to change China must be replaced by working with China and living with China,” Paul Evans, the director of the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada, a think-tank funded by the Canadian government to produce policy advice, said in the fall of 2010 on the 40th anniversary of Canada-China relations. Speaking privately to China's rulers about human rights concerns — rather than airing out grievances in public — allows a smaller country like Canada to wield more influence in Beijing, and increase its chances that someone might actually listen. Or at least that's how the new theory went. And with prickly political issues pushed to the sidelines, everybody could focus in the meantime on expanding the trade relationship. But critics say Canada has done precisely what Harper once swore not to: sold “Canadian values” for better trade ties. If Harper mentions the cases of human rights activists only privately, the Chinese don't see Canada as a supporter for their case. And that distinction matters.
Since Harper switched strategies, trade between Canada and China has grown to $65 billion in 2011, up 29 percent from 2009. During Harper's visit to China in February, their second in three years, they signed trade deals worth up to $3 billion more — and, in a centuries-old gesture of China's goodwill, Canada was finally loaned a pair of pandas, after three decades of asking. Harper claimed they raised specific cases during a private meeting with Premier Wen Jiabao earlier in the visit. But at a press conference held outside the panda enclosure in Chongqing on the last day of their trip, Harper awkwardly avoided uttering the name Liu Xiaobo — even when asked a direct question about the jailed Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
But if speaking softly is the new policy for dealing with China's troubling human rights record, why the run to Dongshigu? The diplomats must have known they would be prevented from entering Chen's house. Plenty of evidence existed online about the kind of reception they were sure to receive. The Dongshigu thugs had beaten Chinese human rights activists who tried to visit the blind lawyer. Practically every major Western newspaper had reported on the security forces guarding Chen, and the treatment they doled out to visitors. Foreign television correspondents had been chased away while their cameras rolled. Different-colored diplomatic passports were not the key to breaking Chen's forced isolation.
Of the dozens of dissidents and journalists who attempted to see Chen, many did so knowing that it was highly unlikely they would be able to break through the security cordon around Dongshigu, and indeed, no credible cases have surfaced of any who had been able to see him. Many made the effort, as actor Christian Bale did later, purely to raise the profile of the case, to tell both the local authorities and central government in Beijing that the world cared about what happened to Chen. They may have failed to win their release, but they put evidence of Chen's detention before the international public and raised their profile among China's hundreds of millions of Internet users, some of whom now see Chen as a full-fledged folk hero.
So what did three diplomats staying silent about their attack at Dongshigu accomplish? If Canada, Switzerland, and the EU simply wanted to add Chen's case to the laundry list of human-rights cases they claim they raise whenever they sit down with China's leaders, they could have done so based on the testimonials of the Chinese activists and foreign journalists who tried and failed to visit him. Maybe the diplomats were trying — unsuccessfully, it appears — to draw their bosses' attention to Chen's plight. Foreign embassies exist not only to interact with the host government, but with the people of that country; and their cowardice has now won them few fans among the countless millions of Chinese who see Chen as a beacon of freedom.
When I called Chen Guangcheng the day after they were moved from the U.S. Embassy to the Chaoyang Hospital in east Beijing (where they remain today), I asked them if there was any time during their flight from Dongshigu that they considered taking shelter at the Canadian Embassy, or perhaps another diplomatic mission in Beijing. “No,” they responded over the crackling mobile phone line.
“The American Embassy represents the principles of democracy, freedom, and human rights that are the pillars of their country. On these aspects, other countries are maybe not as good.”
Designer Oscar Viñals has sketched out the designs for a concept aircraft called the "Progress Eagle." The dramatic three decks, 800-seat super jet would utilize an advanced hybrid engine system for taking off and cruising, resulting in reduced noise and zero contaminant emissions.
Early last year, Viñals unveiled their designs for the Sky Whale, a massive 755-seat aircraft powered by four large hybrid engines. The Progress Eagle is an extension of this idea, a plane that would utilize more economical and environmentally friendly technologies. But where the Sky Whale was designed with the technologies of the 2030s in mind, the Progress Eagle will use technologies that won't exist until later this century.
Advertisement
During take off, the plane would be powered by six hydrogen fuel energy engines. Once airborne, the Progress Eagle will switch to a rear wind generation system to produce self-generated electrical power.
Advertisement
An air intake diffuser would assist with the aircraft's aerodynamics and reduce drag, while quantum solar cells would be positioned on the roof to draw in yet more energy. Viñals suspects that the plane will produce 75% less noise than conventional jet airplanes.
Advertisement
In terms of materials, the plane would be comprised of carbon fiber, graphene, ceramic, aluminum, titanium, and shape-memory alloy materials.
Tip to tip, it's ultra-slim wings would measure 315 feet (96 meters). The double-arrow geometry of the wings would enable them to fold into sections when the plane is being taxied or stored at airport facilities.
Advertisement
At their website, Viñals writes:
Equipped with Smart & Self – repairing skin's wings, composed [of] carbon nanotube and carbon fibers, meta-materials in hexagonal pattern on the surface and a hollow endoskeleton in an ultra-lightweight beehive-shaped of titanium and graphene; using the graphene material like a micro-supercapacitors (fast electrical storage that can charge and discharge a hundred to a thousand times faster than standard batteries) and as a reinforced of inside's wing structure.
The Progress Eagle would also feature an entirely new travel grade, the "pilot's class" where three passengers would be seated at the very front of the aircraft.
Advertisement
Some more features, as described by Viñals:
Zero contaminant emissions.
Noiseless in a 75% more than current planes.
Self-sufficiency in Energy.
Hydrogen Fuel combustible, only 30% of all airplane's energy.
Nano-Kinetic (Nanowires) system powered, Quantum solar dot cells (CQD) powered, Radio frequency & Electromagnetic atmosphere's waves power-harvesting device system powered, Hybrid solar cells (in the airplane's ceiling with hexagonal pattern inside a glass structure and like a part of the fuselage, that allows the passengers of the third deck have amazing views of the sky ) and finally Thermoelectric system powered. Some of these systems have "the objective", to capture the maximum rate of energy from electromagnetic spectrum. These technologies cover a surface of about 463 m2 over the airplane' structure.
Triple winglets system, one of these electroluminescent (middle) and built with Smart materials that could adapt its "blended angle".
Battery storage integrated in the structure's wings and in the cargo bay's plane, in order to keep the airplane's masses on the best balance.
CO2 cleaner system on the rear part (based on an original concept from Lenfest Center for Sustainable Energy at Columbia University's Earth Institute).
Could produce Hydrogen from H2O in the atmosphere to refuel the tanks.
Built with the future materials, based in fiber carbon, graphene, ceramic & composite materials, aluminum alloys, titanium, self-healing skin with meta-materials, shape-memory alloy (SMA materials), optic fiber cabling, perovskite crystals & PbS nanocrystals… and more.
Extra landing gears, two in front side and one in rear side to keep the airplane secured in the maneuvers of take-off and landing.
Laser guidance system, assist the airplane when the climatology is adverse, in order to guide the plane analyzing the altitude, air speed, position, angle of flight, and more… all the data for a right landing. With a laser beam the airplane and airport tower can transmit information in all moment in all conditions
The fly: when the Progress Eagle takes off, the six engines are powered with Hydrogen fuel energy to obtain a powerful thrust and when the airplane reaches a "good" altitude and speed, the rear central screw engines are automatically stopped, the air intake diffuser controls the air flow to keep safe the aerodynamics and reduce the drag. The rear wind generator can function at high speed regulating the access of airflow; the airplane flies with its self generated electrical power, with… wind, heat, kinetic, solar & radio waves.
In the maneuver of approximation and landing the six engines turn on and use the batteries' airplane power.
In the maneuver of approximation and landing the six engines turn on and use the batteries' airplane power. Four Superconductive Turbofans Engines, electrically powered and a big mixture rear engine with two propeller engines, one of which capable to be used like a powerful wind generator. The rear mixture engine has an adjustable intake air system to keep a good aerodynamics at high speed.
TLMA system (take-off & landing mechanical assistant) to assist the airplane in the maneuvers of landing and take-off reducing the distance of the track. The four engines on the wings and rear horizontal stabilizer have inside, a system similar a "bypass" powered by hydrogen that produce an extra down thrust to "feed" the "semi VTOL system" (TLMA) in order to keep the thrust of principal engine (core) at maximum performance.
Advertisement
Much more at Viñals's website.
[Via Design Boom]
Images: Oscar Viñals/Alejandro Erickson.
Immigration is continuing to surge upwards with a record net gain of 70,588 people last year.
That compares with 64,930 in 2015, 50,922 in 2014 and 22,468 in 2013, meaning population growth from migration has more than trebled in the last three years.
China was the biggest source of migrants with a net gain of 10,310 from that country last year, although that was 1433 fewer than arrived from China in 2015.
But there was a big jump in the number of migrants from Hong Kong, with a net gain of 833 from that country last year, up 124 on 2015.
After China the biggest source of migrants was India with a net gain of 8899 residents from that country, well down from the 13,292 gain from India in 2015.
After that the biggest source countries were the UK 5588, The Philippines 4511 and South Africa 4297.
There was a net loss of 1818 New Zealand citizens last year and net gain of 72,406 citizens of other countries.
In total 127,305 people from all countries arrived in New Zealand on a permanent or long term basis last year, while 56,717 left on a permanent or long term basis, giving a net gain 70,588.
Of the 127,305 people who arrived in 2016, 41,576 were on work visas, up 10.1% compared to 2015, followed by 37,704 Australian and New Zealand citizens (who do not require visas) up 5.6% compared to 2015.
But there was a big decline in the number of students coming to this country to study, with 24,562 arrivals on student visas last year, down 11.9% compared to 2015.
That was mainly caused by a big drop in the number of students from India, with just 6702 student arrivals from India last year compared with 10,833 in 2015, a decline of 38.1%.
That followed a number of scandals which rocked this overseas student education sector last year.
There was also a big decline in the number of students coming from the Philippines, with numbers from that country dropping back to 1570 last year from 2123 in 2015 (-26%).
The falls in student number from India and The Philippines were partially offset by a 131.6% rise in student numbers from South Africa (1047 for the year) and and a 32.6% rise from Korea (704 for the year).
The latest migration numbers will bring little relief to the pressures that high population growth is putting on infrastructure and services such as housing, transport, education and health in Auckland, with a net population growth into the region from migration of at least 33,916 last year, compared to 29,979 in 2015 and 23,006 in 2014.
However the actual population gain in Auckland was probably closer to 40,000 last year, because another 14,283 people did not state where they intended to live when they arrived, and many of them would also have settled in Auckland.
Chief of Staff to the Vice President Nick Ayers channeled former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon during a Tuesday morning Republican National Committee event with wealthy donors as they called for a “purge” of GOP leaders who are working against President Donald Trump's agenda, according to Politico.
Ayers petitioned the donors at the meeting in Washington, D.C. to stop donating and form a coalition of donors to essentially issue an ultimatum to Republican leadership: get President Donald Trump's agenda through by December 31 or “we're going out, we're recruiting opponents, we're maxing out to their campaigns, and we're funding super PACs to defeat all of you.”
The comments come just one week after grassroots-backed Judge Roy Moore beat out Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's handpicked candidate Luther Strange for the U.S. Senate seat vacated earlier this year by now U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Millions upon millions of dollars flooded into the Alabama race for Strange, but could not overcome Moore, who won the runoff election with only $1-2 million in financial support.
The Politico piece went on with more of Ayers' Tuesday morning statements:
The approach has echoes of right-wing firebrand and former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon's preferred methods. Bannon has repeatedly railed against congressional leaders and accused them of being the main stumbling block to Trump's agenda. And they have taken their show on the road, speaking out against incumbent Republicans.
Ayers told the donor group on Tuesday, regarding support for Trump, “Just imagine the possibilities of what can happen if our entire party unifies behind him? If — and this sounds crass — we can purge the handful of people who continue to work to defeat him.”
Ayers listed long-made Republican promises to repeal Obamacare and pass tax cuts as the items Congress needs to pass by years' end or face serious consequences. They said that if these Trump Administration legislative priorities are passed, then Republicans can hold a “governing majority for a very long time.”
Despite volumes of meetings between White House and Republican congressional leadership and Republican majorities in both the House and Senate, Congress has yet to pass the repeal of Obamacare that Republicans have promised for almost ten years. The American Health Care Act, a bill designed to roll back portions of Obamacare, did manage to pass in the House of Representatives, but did so only after many meetings with and personal calls from President Trump to legislators. Vice President Pence, formerly a member of Congress himself, was a very regular presence on Capitol Hill, meeting with legislators to get a bill passed in the House.
Voting on the AHCA was repeatedly delayed as House Speaker Paul Ryan's leadership was called into question. During a White House event immediately following House passage of the AHCA, Speaker Ryan noted the massive White House involvement in getting the legislation passed. At the same event Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows credited the President, who “wouldn't give up.”
An attempt to pass a separate version of Obamacare repeal in the Senate ultimately failed with the “no” votes of Republican Senators Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins, and John McCain. McCain huddled with Democrats and made their enthusiastic thumbs down no vote on a “skinny repeal” bill that would have allowed the House and Senate to go to conference on repealing Obamacare. McCain has long promised Arizona constituents that they would vote to repeal Obamacare. In September a last-ditch effort in the Senate to make changes to Obamacare, under reconciliation with the Graham-Cassidy bill, failed to even go to a vote, as it lacked the votes needed to pass.
Congress has also yet to produce a bill on major tax reform for public view. Trump Administration officials have repeatedly promised tax reform before the end of 2017. The Trump Administration and Republican congressional leadership have released framework details for tax reform, and promises continue from Republican congressional leadership that a bill will pass by years' end.
“We're on track to get shellacked next year,” Ayers said on Tuesday, regarding the 2018 elections. They were clear to put the responsibility for that on congressional Republican leadership's inability to pass major legislation and not on President Trump and Vice President Pence.
Bannon, who has returned as executive chairperson of Breitbart News, backed Moore in the Alabama U.S. Senate race, as did high profile Republicans including former Alaska Governor and 2008 vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin, former Trump Administration deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka, and current Trump Administration Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson, to name a few. President Trump backed Moore's opponent Strange, but later, at a rally for McConnell-backed Strange, stated that they may have made a mistake and pledged to campaign “like hell” for Moore in the general election if Moore won. After Moore won, Trump congratulated them and re-affirmed their pledge to campaign for Moore against the Democrat in the general election.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
SALT LAKE CITY — Headquarters for the Bureau of Land Management may move from the nation's capital to Utah or Colorado, according to U.S. Rep. Rob Bishop, Utah Republican member of congress and head of the House's Natural Resources Committee.
Rumors of a move began circulating in early May when two Colorado Republicans introduced legislation that would allow the agency to relocate to a Western state. The bill offered 12 states as a possible new home, including Utah.
“Ninety-nine percent of the nearly 250 million acres of land managed by BLM is west of the Mississippi River, and having the decision-makers present in the communities they impact will lead to better policy,” said Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner in a May statement.
At the time, U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke told Gardner they would consider the idea. Now, it seems Zinke may be closer to making a decision and has narrowed down the possible locations to the Beehive and Centennial states.
“Anytime you can reduce the influence Washington has and get government closer to the people is gotta be a plus, gotta be a benefit,” Bishop told KSL Newsradio on Wednesday.
And other Utah representatives seem to agree.
“It's a tremendous idea. … They can be right here where things are happening,” said Utah state Rep. Mike Noel, R-Kanab. “I just think it's going to be better management for our public lands. That's the whole issue here. It's very, very difficult to understand what happens when regulations and laws are passed and what the actual effects of that law and regulation are on the ground.”
Leaked 'memo' details possible monument changes at Bears Ears, Grand Staircase National media outlets obtained a leaked, draft document from Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to President Donald Trump containing recommendations on 10 national monument designations, including changes for Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante.
But Bishop also says a move closer to the people would only be worth it with the right person in charge.
“Hopefully the personnel changes,” they said on KSL Newsradio's "The Doug Wright Show." “(The state needs) people that are going to be much more receptive to what Utah needs and what the people need.”
While the majority of the bureau's employees are already in the field, the agency's hundreds of Washington employees would require relocation should a move happen, something many says would simply waste taxpayer's dollars.
The rumors of a move come on the heels of speculation that Utah's Grand Staircase and Bears Ears monuments may be reduced, though Bishop says any reports on the subject are preemptive. The appointment and size of the two monuments have recently been especially controversial among Utahns who believe the state government should have control of the lands.
×
Related Stories
AfD top candidates Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel celebrate with their supporters during the AfD's election party in Berlin, Germany, September 24, 2017.
International and domestic Jewish groups on Sunday expressed alarm at the far-right Alternative for Germany's success in Germany's parliamentary election, with the European Jewish Congress urging other parties not to form an alliance with the AfD.
Early projections gave the AfD 13.1 percent of the vote, allowing it to enter the Bundestag for the first time. It will be Germany's third-largest party after Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats (33.2 percent of the vote) and the center-left Social Democrats (20.8 percent).
The far-right has not been represented there since the 1950s – a reflection of Germany's efforts to distance itself from the horrors of the Nazi Holocaust.
"We trust that centrist parties in the Bundestag will ensure that the AfD has no representation in the coming governing coalition," the EJC said.
"Some of the positions it has espoused during the election campaign display alarming levels of intolerance not seen in Germany for many decades and which are, of course, of great concerns to German and European Jews."
The surge in support for the AfD is the biggest challenge the country has faced in its post-war history, the Central Council of Jews in Germany said. "For the first time, a right-wing populist party with strong overlap with the right-wing extremist scene ... has been voted into the Bundestag," the group said.
"We expect our democratic forces to expose the true face of the AfD and lay bare its empty, populist promises," it added.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
A statement from the New York-based World Jewish Congress quoted its president, Ron Lauder, as saying, "It is abhorrent that the AfD party, a disgraceful reactionary movement which recalls the worst of Germany's past and should be outlawed, now has the ability within the German parliament to promote its vile platform."
Lauder lauded Merkel's record of support for Jews, calling them "a true friend of Israel and the Jewish people."
Become the Coolest Dad in the Universe!
So you thought you already were the coolest dad in the universe? You foolish, foolish man.
Everyone knows that you unless you own an X-Arcade ™ Machine and every kid has one in his/her room you can't possibly be the coolest dad.
In fact the more X-Arcade ™ Machine Cabinets you own, the cooler you are in the eyes of your kids.
Not to mention all the other benefits…
Your sons will forever brag and tell their friends that their dad is the ultimate alpha male. They will model their own behavior after yours, for life.
Your kids will fight over who gets to take care of you in your old age.
Your kids will obey your every command and have nothing but complete respect for you, forever.
Your kids will grow up and have careers and families that will make your friends jealous, and wherever they go they will credit you, their dad, with their life success.
*****END OF FANTASY********
Ok, now that you have your mind firmly planted in reality… an X-Arcade ™ Machine is a cool thing that every father should have around the house.
Kids of all ages really do love it, they love all the old time games. As one kid said to us….It's like a big gigantic Game Boy.
They can't break it, and if they did, we'd fix it. It's part of the lifetime warranty. We told you no fine print.
You can rack up hours and hours of laughs and great family time trying out the thousands of classic games.
Save quarters. Those of you that have sons and daughter that actually go to the arcade these days, well this is a great alternative, and they never have to leave home.
An X-Arcade ™ Machine is a great way to keep them out of your hair at times.
While the X-Arcade ™ Machine won't make you cool, it is fun. And fun is great father-kid relationship currency in any family.
A study from Cambridge University documents an immense drop in complaints against police officers when their departments began using body cameras. But even more surprising is that the data suggests everyone is on their best behavior whether the cameras are present or not.
The data was collected in seven police departments in the UK and US, and represents over 1.4 million hours logged by 1,847 officers in 2014 and 2015; the researchers published their data last week in the journal Criminal Justice and Behavior.
Officers were randomly assigned to wear or not wear cameras week by week (about half would be wearing them at any given time), and had to keep them on during all encounters. The authors used complaints against police as a metric because they're easy to measure, an established practice in most police forces and give a good ballpark of the frequency of problematic behavior.
In the year before the study, 1,539 complaints in total were filed against officers; at the end of the body camera experiment, the year had only yielded 113 complaints.
This would be enough to warrant further investigation or even deployment — complaints are not just indicative of misconduct, but expensive and time-consuming to address — but the study developed another wrinkle that may be even better news.
Against all expectations, there was no significant difference in complaints between officers wearing cameras that week and those going without.
Strange, right? It seems logical to expect that when the camera was actually present, it would act, as intended, as an impartial witness, cooling heads on both sides of an encounter. But complaints dropped even when officers weren't using the cameras.
“It may be that, by repeated exposure to the surveillance of the cameras, officers changed their reactive behaviour on the streets — changes that proved more effective and so stuck,” explained the study's lead author, Barak Ariel, in a Cambridge news release. “With a complaints reduction of nearly 100 percent across the board, we find it difficult to consider alternatives, to be honest.”
The researchers dub this effect “contagious accountability” — learning to do the right thing even when no one is watching.
Specifics on how exactly this is happening are unclear. Is the officer less confrontational to begin with, avoiding escalation? Or are suspects and complainants more wary of their conduct? Is it some combination of the two, or are even more factors involved? To determine these things would be a far more complex and subtle piece of research, but the study does suggest that officer behavior is probably the most affected, and that other effects flow from that.
Future research has plenty of directions to take, but the effect demonstrated here is robust and beneficial enough to take seriously and, for some police departments, it may be enough to tip the balance in favor of deploying cameras.
Ariel and co-author Alex Sutherland will be discussing their research at Cambridge's Festival of Ideas in two weeks; if you're in the area, swing by if you'd like to know more.
This article is about the 1993 film. For the Broadway musical, see A Bronx Tale (musical)
A Bronx Tale is a 1993 American crime drama film, adapted from Chazz Palminteri's 1989 play of the same name. It tells the coming of age story of an Italian-American boy, Calogero Anello, who, after encountering a local Mafia boss, is torn between the temptations of organized crime and the values of their honest, hardworking father. The Broadway production was converted to film with limited changes, and starred Palminteri and Robert De Niro.
De Niro, who first viewed the play in Los Angeles in 1990, acquired the rights from Palminteri, intent on making the play their directorial debut. The duo then worked heavily together on the screenplay, with Palminteri aiming to retain many of the aspects of the original script, as it was based largely on their own childhood. Production began in 1991, and was funded in collaboration with De Niro's TriBeCa Productions and Savoy Pictures, as the first film released by each studio.
Upon its release on September 29, A Bronx Tale achieved limited commercial success, grossing over $17 million domestically. However, it fared much better with critics, who praised the performances of the leads, and launched Palminteri's acting career, while also helping De Niro gain acceptance as a director.
Plot [ edit ]
In 1960, Lorenzo Anello (Robert De Niro) lives in Belmont, an Italian-American neighborhood in The Bronx, with their wife Rosina and their 9-year-old son Calogero (Francis Capra), who is fascinated by the local mobsters led by Sonny LoSpecchio (Chazz Palminteri). One day, Calogero witnesses a murder committed by Sonny in defense of an assaulted friend in their neighborhood. When Calogero chooses to keep quiet when questioned by NYPD detectives, Sonny takes a liking to them and gives them the nickname "C". Sonny's men offer Lorenzo a better paying job, but Lorenzo, preferring a law-abiding life as an MTA bus driver, politely declines. Sonny befriends Calogero and introduces them to their crew. Calogero earns tips amounting to $600 working in the Mafia bar and throwing dice, and is admonished harshly by Lorenzo when they discover it. Lorenzo speaks severely to Sonny, returns the money, and angrily warns them to keep away from Calogero.
Eight years later, Calogero (Lillo Brancato) has grown into a young man who has been visiting Sonny regularly without their father's knowledge. Calogero is also part of a gang of local Italian-American boys, which concerns Sonny, who warns Calogero to keep away from them and focus more on their schoolwork. Later on, Calogero meets a black girl, Jane Williams (Taral Hicks), and is smitten with them Despite the high level of racial tension and dislike between Italian Americans and African Americans, Calogero arranges a date with Jane. They ask for advice from both their father and Sonny, with the latter lending Calogero their car so they can make a good impression. Later, Calogero's friends beat up some black cyclists who ride through their neighborhood, despite Calogero's attempts to defend them. One of the cyclists turns out to be Jane's brother, Willie. Willie mistakes Calogero for one of the assailants and accuses them of beating them up when Calogero and Jane meet for their date. Calogero loses their temper over the accusation and Willie's lack of gratitude, responding by accidentally addressing them with a racial slur, which they instantly regret. Jane, disappointed, leaves with Willie.
At home, Calogero is confronted by their father who just saw them driving Sonny's car. An argument ensues and Calogero storms out. Shortly thereafter, Calogero is confronted by Sonny and their crew, who found a bomb in Sonny's car and suspected Calogero of planning to assassinate him. Calogero tearfully proclaims how they have come to view Sonny as a father and would never hurt him, and Sonny recognizes Calogero's innocence and allows them to leave. Lorenzo emerges to defend their son and confront Sonny, but is held back by Sonny's men. The black boys egg the Italian-American boys' usual spot in retaliation for the previous beating, and Calogero's friends make a plan to strike back using Molotov cocktails. They pick up Calogero in their car and try to force them to participate, but Sonny stops the car and orders Calogero out, warning them to stay away from Calogero. Calogero catches up with Jane, who tells them that Willie has since admitted that Calogero had tried to help them from the other boys who beat them up. Jane and Calogero make amends, but Calogero suddenly remembers their friends' plans to attack Jane's neighborhood and the two rush to stop them. During the attack, one of the Molotov cocktails is thrown back into the car window, igniting the remaining bottles. The resulting crash and explosion kills everyone inside. Calogero and Jane arrive to find Calogero's friends dead, and Calogero realizes that Sonny has saved their lives.
Calogero rushes back to their neighborhood and makes their way through the crowded bar to thank Sonny and inform them of what happened, but an unnamed assailant shoots Sonny in the back of the head before Calogero can warn him. Calogero later learns that the assailant was the son of the man Sonny killed in front of Calogero's house eight years earlier. At Sonny's funeral, countless people come to pay their respects. When the crowd disperses, a lone man, Carmine, visits the funeral, claiming that Sonny once saved their lives as well. Calogero does not recognize Carmine until they see a scar on their forehead and realizes they were the assaulted man whom Sonny had defended eight years ago. Carmine tells Calogero that they will be taking care of the neighborhood for the time being, and promises Calogero help should they ever need anything. Carmine leaves just as Calogero's father unexpectedly arrives to pay their respects to Sonny, thanking them for saving their son's life and admitting that they had never hated Sonny, but merely resented them for making Calogero grow up so quickly. Calogero makes peace with their father, and the two walk home together as Calogero narrates the lessons they learned from their two mentors.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Writing [ edit ]
After acquiring the rights to create the film, with De Niro famously claiming the deal was struck solely with a gentlemen's agreement with Palminteri, the duo began crafting the screenplay.[3] Prior to partnering with De Niro, Palminteri rejected several offers for the film's rights, including some as high as $1 million, if they were not granted the roles of primary screenwriter and Sonny, the gangster Calogero meets. This was due to the original play, which was performed as a one-man show, being largely inspired by or drawn from their own childhood, specifically the shooting Calogero witnesses as a child, as well as the occupation and name of their father.
Reception [ edit ]
A Bronx Tale received positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an approval rating of 97% based on 30 reviews, with an average rating of 7.4/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "A Bronx Tale sets itself apart from other coming-of-age dramas thanks to a solid script, a terrific cast, and director Robert De Niro's sensitive work behind the camera."[4] Metacritic gave it a weighted average score of 80 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally positive reviews".[5]
Critic Roger Ebert gave the film four stars, calling it "very funny [and] very touching. It is filled with life and colorful characters and great lines of dialogue, and De Niro, in their debut as a director, finds the right notes as they move from laughter to anger to tears [while] retaining its values."[6]
In 2008, the American Film Institute nominated this film for its Top 10 Gangster Films list.[7]
Release [ edit ]
Sometime after the film's theatrical run, HBO released the movie on VHS, CD and in 1998 on DVD. The DVD is out of print, but in January 2010, Focus Features released a DVD copy of the film exclusive to online-retailer Amazon.
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
For an outsider, America is endlessly fascinating. A place of breathtaking landscapes, a land of contrasts and colossal in scale; it is seemingly boundless potential and uniquely inspiring. Its people absorbed the world around them and shaped a culture that is defined by optimism, hope and uninhibited ambition.
In America the impossible is made possible by an unrelenting desire to succeed, by the sense that anyone can achieve anything with the right attitude.
The young country's sense of identity is built around opportunity – provide someone with a chance and they will take it.
It is a place that has come to influence the rest of the world around it, particularly in sport where heroes such as Michael Jordan, Babe Ruth, Vince Lombardi, Muhammed Ali and Billie Jean King have done so much to engender sport's professionalism and spirit in the modern era.
Yet a romantic, even possibly naive facade of glory has been eroded with a number of scandals that have rocked US sport in recent times, particularly those of Lance Armstrong, ‘Deflategate', and the doping allegations that have dogged baseball. The desire to succeed has spilled over into corruption, controversy and cheating. Pride turned to cynicism and this brought with it an air of inevitability.
In many ways, the fate of the USA's PRO Rugby has embodied the very best and the very worst of America. A hyperbolic enthusiasm greeted the competition when it was announced. Could this finally be the breakthrough for rugby in the US?
With its arrival came that the child-like sense of wonder and a romanticism. Here was Doug Schnoniger, an outsider with no real knowledge of the game, a man willing to pump thousands and thousands of their own dollars into an idea – with the hope of it revolutionising the sporting paradigm in the US. It was pioneering, daring and exciting.
But a year later and it seems almost certain that the tournament will not enter into a second year. Contracts have not been renewed, allegations surfaced of unpaid salaries, promises were broken.
For some this was deeply tragic. What had seemed like light at the end of a particularly dark and winding tunnel was nothing but an illusion. For others it was always going to happen; another pipe dream in a place seemingly impossible to conquer.
However, those most affected by the fallout are the players – those stuck in the middle between legal wranglings, disputes and disagreements. Bitter words between PRO Rugby organisers and governing body USA Rugby were nothing in comparison to the tangible damage the situation did to the players.
Brendan Rams, who was on Denver Stampede's roster for the competition's inaugural season, was passionate about PRO Rugby and its potential when this writer spoke to them back in April 2016, but recent events have once more radically altered their life. Here they speak exclusively to Pundit Arena once more about rugby life in the US.
Rams moved from Texas for their professional contract with the Stampede, but now finds themselves back in Austin, the state's capital, with local team the Huns.
“Austin Huns Rugby Football club is where I initially started playing when I first landed in the US in 2014, after playing Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup back at home [in South Africa]. We have a phenomenal coaching and management staff here.”
Indeed, former Denver Stampede captain Pedrie Wannenburg – a Springbok and an Ulster legend – now finds themselves on the coaching team at the club.
The radical rise and apparent fall of PRO Rugby has certainly not been easy on Rams. The uncertainty that surrounded the tournament after it appeared that contracts would not be renewed was tough for the player:
“It's depressing and a sore point for any athlete not knowing whether or not you'll be contracted for the coming season. Being 27 years old now I've been playing this game for well over 13 years injury free consistently and now for the first time in my career dealing with 2 big injuries. My abilities as an all rounded athlete have never been in question and I back myself.”
Despite the current situation and the lack of contact directly from PRO Rugby to its players – Rams says that players only know what is put on social media and nothing more – they remain vibrantly optimistic about the future of rugby in their adopted country.
“We all know that a failed attempt at something doesn't necessarily mean you're out for the count. The Wright brothers were willing to fail multiple times before they took flight because they believed strongly in their product and we still see that concept through all great businesses and athletes lives. No different with a sustainable business model for professional rugby in the the United States, it will come. We live in a day where people want instant gratification and have little patience for great ideas to come into fruition.”
In many ways, Rams is very American in their personality: someone who is so driven and so determined, but simultaneously hopeful and positive. They see a new horizon for American rugby in the form of Major League Rugby, a proposed tournament involving existing US clubs rather than artificial ‘franchises' as was the case with PRO Rugby.
“After leaving Denver I had an opportunity to play back at home in South Africa, however there's been talks of a Major League Rugby which should kick off next year, comprised of existing clubs that have been part of USA Rugby since the beginning. So we are excited and waiting for this. “The announcement of the new league starting in 2018 gives me hope of expressing myself between the four lines in a controlled, competitive and professional environment again, which will allow me to compete for international honours.”
Nor does Rams allow any sense of cynicism to affect him. Whilst PRO Rugby might have failed, they see a phoenix rising from its ashes.
“We can't completely slam Doug [Schoninger] for PRO Rugby because the positives outweigh the negatives. Doug at least they had the “Kahones” to put their money up and get it off the ground, when nobody did. They gave some people confidence to be willing to do the same and now everyone else can look at that blueprint and make adjustments where they came short for a smoother and better league. “The main thing is professionalism, respect and vision for the game amongst all clubs and USA Rugby. Pride and egos need to be put aside and everyone needs to be working together for a greater purpose; in the end everyone will be a winner on the business side of things. Exciting style of play, more fans, full stadiums, broadcasting, sponsorships, better officiating and so on.”
One more day until @ProRugbyUSA inaugural champions are crowned! @DenverStampede have been working hard all week pic.twitter.com/sIw8HRz1fq — Denver Stampede (@DenverStampede) July 30, 2016
Finally, Rams take away nothing but joyous memories from their time with the Denver franchise.
“We are still brothers till this day, even though we play against each other now. We developed a great and professional atmosphere and we still keep in contact. When I got injured I took pride in making sure that I was the best water boy for the lads, cleaned after them and motivated them to be the best versions of themselves they could be. The boys will forever be Champions of the first and only PRO Rugby tournament, so no team will ever beat that. We are just waiting for the Championship rings!”
America's greatest achievements have happened because of the men and women with the vision to make them happen. Whilst it seems like rugby cannot thrive in sporting landscape as complicated and challenging as the USA, there are people out there trying to make it happen.
Brendan Rams believes it will and they are not alone. The fall of PRO Rugby is not the end of the line but simply a bump in the road. The American rugby dream lives on.
Paul Wassell, Pundit Arena
Catch live rugby and replays of The Austin Huns and Glendale Raptors and help make the dream a reality.
Join The Biggest Rugby Club in Ireland The Heineken Rugby Club is bringing Ireland together over cold beers and big games. No matter which team you back, we're all friends here. Become a member for access to match tickets, member discounts and rewards, exclusive events, and much more. Your name *
Your email *
Pick your team * Select your team from list below... Leinster Munster Ulster Connacht Other
Date of Birth (DD/MM/YYYY) *
* I agree to Heineken Rugby Club House Rules and Privacy Policy . Over 18's only. Yes
But without a strong American military role, the Taliban and more extreme groups like the Islamic State's Afghan wing would most likely gain ground, weakening Mr. Trump's vow to defeat Islamic extremists. Pulling back would also put Mr. Trump at odds with generals whom they embraced and turned to for national security advice.
The shift of strategy recommended by Mr. Trump's advisers reflects the assessment that a major new troop commitment — like the 30,000-troop reinforcement President Barack Obama announced in December 2009 — is undesirable and politically impossible. But it also reflects the assumption that maintaining the current level of forces could leave the United States presiding over a slow deterioration in security, with fading hopes for a negotiated settlement between the Taliban and the Afghan government.
One twist is that the new strategy would dispense with the hard deadlines the Obama administration set, and was sometimes forced to revise, for gradually withdrawing troops.
Many military officers have argued that setting a public deadline for withdrawal is counterproductive because it allows adversaries to wait out the American and NATO troop commitment instead of forcing them to the negotiating table.
But Mr. Trump's advisers do not want a new American commitment to be open-ended, and they are suggesting that its duration be dependent on steps by President Ashraf Ghani to fight corruption and appoint more effective commanders.
Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, Mr. Trump's national security adviser, led an anticorruption task force in Afghanistan and is especially sensitive to the need for better governing in Kabul. Jim Mattis, the secretary of defense, also has extensive experience with Afghanistan, having overseen the military effort there as head of the United States Central Command.
The generals, however, are not the only ones who favor a stronger commitment to Afghanistan. American intelligence officials also want more support, calculating that a stronger military presence would assist their intelligence efforts against extremist groups in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan.
Japanese pop band Perfume will perform the opening theme for Koneko no Chi - Ponponra Daibouken, an upcoming 3DCG TV anime adaptation based on Kanata Konami's Chi's Sweet Home manga about the daily adventures of an adorable kitten.
The theme song for Koneko no Chi - Ponponra Daibouken will be "Née", a single from Perfume's 2010 album JPN. A new music video featuring animation of Chi set to the song will be published on September 23, 2016, to coincide with the Tokyo International Book Fair.
Koneko no Chi - Ponponra Daibouken is directed by Kiminori Kusano and features animation by Marza Animation Planet. The series debuts on TV Tokyo on October 02, 2016.
Source: Anime! Anime!
Paul Chapman is the host of The Greatest Movie EVER! Podcast and GME! Anime Fun Time.
Endnotes and citations are available in the PDF and Scribd versions.
A slew of recent voter identification laws are increasingly threatening the voting rights of people of color. This erosion of our most basic civil right comes alongside historic levels of attacks on reproductive health services. The two are not unrelated. Women of color stand at the crossroads of what is in essence a double disenfranchisement. When they are denied the opportunity to participate in civic life, they also lose the ability to voice their opinions and hold lawmakers accountable on the reproductive health issues that directly affect them.
In the 2011 general election, Mississippi voters rejected an extreme ballot initiative that would have granted personhood status to embryos and fetuses, which could have outlawed a number of common medical services for women, including popular forms of birth control, treatments for miscarriage and infertility, and abortion. In the same election, voters approved an initiative restricting the ability of Mississippi residents to vote by requiring unnecessary photo identification. As a result of this completely unwarranted voter identification initiative, nearly 75,000 women of color may be prevented from voting in Mississippi. Such a large number can have a significant impact on electoral outcomes: for instance, it takes only 89,285 signatures to place an initiative on the ballot in Mississippi, not to mention that the margin of defeat for the state's personhood initiative was a mere 130,000 votes.
Mississippi's voter identification law is just one example of the record number of voting restrictions that have been introduced and adopted throughout the country in advance of the 2012 election. But what Mississippi's 2011 election also teaches us is that the fundamental right to vote is only the first of many rights at stake. Women of color, by losing the ability to express themselves on the issues that directly impact them, will lose their ability to protect a range of constitutional rights, including the right to decide whether, when, and with whom to have children.
Here is a brief rundown of the facts:
Women of color compose 18 percent of the U.S. population
Women of color have been voting at steadily increasing rates over the last 12 years
In the last year, 34 new laws requiring photo identification to vote have been proposed; four will be in effect on Election Day 2012
In the last year, 17 new laws requiring proof of citizenship have been proposed; two will be in effect on Election Day 2012
On Election Day 2012, between 596,000 and 959,000 women of color may be disenfranchised by voter identification laws
Beyond November 2012, between 1.05 million and 1.86 million women of color stand to be disenfranchised by voter identification laws
Twenty-two states passed 61 new measures restricting women's reproductive health in the first nine months of 2012
The House of Representatives voted 55 times on anti-woman measures in the 112th Congress
Voter suppression is not just a civil rights issue—it is a matter of reproductive justice. Reproductive justice stands at the intersection of traditional reproductive rights concerns and social justice issues and centers the reproductive health needs of the most marginalized populations, including women of color, low-income individuals, and individuals with disabilities, among others. It has been defined as “the complete physical, mental, spiritual, political, economic, and social wellbeing of women and girls, and will be achieved when women and girls have the economic, social and political power and resources to make healthy decisions about our bodies, sexuality and reproduction for ourselves, our families and our communities in all areas of our lives.”
This report will situate women of color in the United States today, their current electoral impact, and the methods being used to disenfranchise people of color throughout the country. Next, we determine how many women of color stand to be disenfranchised by these new methods. Lastly, we explore some of the histori-cal regulation of women of color's reproduction along with present day attacks on reproductive health services to explain why it is crucial for women of color's voices to be heard on these issues.
Despite these voter suppression efforts that attempt to silence the voices of women of color, it remains imperative that they vote on Election Day to ensure that their interests are represented.
Elizabeth Chen is a Policy Analyst for the Women's Health and Rights Program at the Center for American Progress and a Law Students for Reproductive Justice law fellow.
This article is about the Canadian former political party. For the similarly named Australian party, see Australian Sex Party . For other uses, see Sex party
The Sex Party was a political party based in British Columbia, Canada. The party was guided by the philosophy of the sex-positive movement. Among other points, the party advocated for reform of sex education in schools so that sexual issues are taught more gradually over time and included a more comprehensive coverage of them. They advocated for the repeal of laws that promote antisexualism, such as prostitution laws and censorship. They also supported making Valentine's Day a statutory holiday and renaming Victoria Day to Eros Day.
The Sex Party was active for nearly eight years, between March 2005 and December 2012 when it de-registered with Elections BC. Its leader was John Ince, a Vancouver lawyer, author of The Politics of Lust and small business owner. They were one of three candidates representing The Sex Party in the May 2005 provincial election and one of the party's three candidates in the 2009 provincial election. None of its candidates won an election. The party attempted to become active in the 2006 federal election but encountered resistance from Canada Post, which refused to distribute its election material. The Sex Party challenged the Canada Post decision in federal court. The judgement found that Canada Post was within its rights to reasonably restrict (within that specific ad-mail program) material that was sexually explicit but that its application to the party's election material was improper. The court then ordered Canada Post to re-write its policy regarding sexually explicit material in that program.
Political positions [ edit ]
The Sex Party was guided by the philosophy of sex-positivism.[1] While the party did not maintain a full slate of policy positions, both its federal and provincial election platforms have three goals: reform of how sex education is taught, "repeal sex-negative laws and regulations, and support sex-positive community".[2][3] Regarding education the party advocated for a restructuring of sex education in public schools so that it is taught gradually, rather than all in one class, and would include other aspects of human sexuality, like non-coital contact, emotional intimacy, and LGBT issues.[4] The Sex Party wanted provincial funding directed at research into sexuality policy issues and an expansion University of British Columbia's Critical Studies in Sexuality program into an entire department. Regarding sex-negative laws, The Sex Party wanted to work towards undoing legislation and regulations that support antisexualism. This included legalizing prostitution,[5] starting a Sex Worker Empowerment Program to counsel and educate sex workers, reserving areas on public parks and beaches for nudists,[6] allowing for sexually explicit private gatherings, (uncensored) films, and entertainment,[5] and repealing provisions that allow municipalities to prohibit the sale of sex toys.[2] Regarding sex-positive community issues, The Sex Party wanted to enable residents of long term care facilities to express their sexuality in a safe, respectful and dignified manner,[7] create a Sex Positive Press Council to expose and remove censorship, make Valentines Day a statutory holiday, and rename Victoria Day to Eros Day.[8]
2005 provincial election [ edit ]
The Sex Party was registered with Elections BC in March 2005 with its founder, John Ince, also acting as the party leader. Ince was a Vancouver lawyer, author and co-owner of a store that hosted educational seminars and artistic shows about human sexuality, as well as selling sex-themed merchandise. They had been critical of government laws that perpetuated or resulted in harmful attitudes towards sex-related issues.[9] Ince previously authored a non-fiction book, The Politics of Lust, which addresses the impact of antisexual attitudes or erotophobia on a society's political organization.[10] The party launched its election platform and candidates at a press conference at the Vancouver Public Library in April.[11]
The party nominated three candidates in the May 17, 2005 provincial election, none of whom were elected:
John Ince in Vancouver-Burrard,
Sex educator and small business owner Yvonne Tink in Vancouver-Kingsway, [12]
Patrick Clark, a man living with cerebral palsy who sought to raise awareness about the sex lives of people living with disabilities, in Vancouver-Fairview.[7]
Prior to the election, the party held a fundraiser which featured erotic art meant to illustrate political themes and a performance piece involving couples having sex behind a screen, erotic poetry, and body painting.[13] After employees of the Liquor Control and Licensing Branch told Ince that the art installation would likely result in the refusal of a special event liquor licence, the party asked for judicial review.[14] Both a provincial court and an appeal court refused the review because an actual application had not been submitted for a decision to be reviewed, and the fundraiser went ahead with the serving of alcohol.[15]
Federal campaign and Canada Post lawsuit [ edit ]
The party intended to participate in the 2006 federal election. They prepared a pamphlet and sent it to Canada Post to deliver via their Unaddressed Admail Program. The Canada Post employees rejected the pamphlet because their policy document, the Unaddressed Admail Customer Guide, allowed them to refuse to deliver sexually explicit material. The four-page pamphlet had several images depicting people in the nude and objects shaped like human body parts, and because the pamphlet also contained the party's election platform, they complained that Canada Post was violating its directive to be politically impartial. The Sex Party objected to the refusal by filing a lawsuit against Canada Post saying the organization violated their right to freedom of expression. The Federal Court of Canada ruled that the "sexually explicit material" phrase used in the Canada Post policy document was undefined and too vague to be arbitrarily applied to any particular pamphlet. The Court found that their freedom of expression was reasonably restricted, and not prohibited, as Canada Post did offer alternative means of distribution. The judgement, which was delivered in January 2008, ordered Canada Post to rewrite its policy regarding sexually explicit material.[16][17]
2009 provincial election [ edit ]
The party nominated three candidates in the May 2009 provincial election, none of whom were elected:
Election results [ edit ]
In the 2005 provincial election the party had three candidates. John Ince stood in the Vancouver-Burrard riding but got only 111 votes (0.39%), losing to the incumbent BC Liberal Lorne Mayencourt.[21] In Vancouver-Fairview, The Sex Party candidate was Patrick Clark who received 121 votes (0.43%), losing to the BC NDP candidate Gregor Robertson.[22] In Vancouver-Kingsway, their candidate was Yvonne Tink, who received 73 votes (0.37%), losing to the NDP candidate Adrian Dix.[23]
In the 2009 provincial election, the party nominated candidates in three ridings. John Ince stood in the Vancouver-Point Grey riding but got only 130 votes (0.56%), coming in last place, losing to BC Liberal leader and Premier Gordon Campbell.[24] In Vancouver-Hastings, The Sex Party candidate was Dietrich Pajonk. They came in last with 99 votes (0.51%), losing to the incumbent NDP candidate Shane Simpson.[25] In Vancouver-West End, their candidate was the operator of an escort business, Scarlett Lake, who received 90 votes (0.51%), losing to the NDP candidate Spencer Chandra Herbert.[26]
Election Candidates Total votes Popular vote Riding Candidate Votes Popular vote
in riding 2005 3 305 0.02% Vancouver-Burrard John Ince 111 0.39% Vancouver-Fairview Patrick Clark 121 0.43% Vancouver-Kingsway Yvonne Tink 73 0.37% 2009 3 684 0.04% Vancouver-Hastings Dietrich Pajonk 99 0.51% Vancouver-Point Grey John Ince 130 0.57% Vancouver-West End Scarlett Lake 90 0.51%
Finances [ edit ]
In the 2005 provincial election, the party reported $1,283 in general election expenditures, while all three candidates reported $100 each in expenditures.[27]
In 2009 provincial election the party reported $750 in general election expenditures. Dietrich Pajonk reported spending $269, while John Ince and Scarlett Lake each reported $250.[28] The party de-registered with Elections BC effective December 21, 2012, five months prior to the 2013 provincial election.[29]
Annual Financial Report Year Income Expenses Assets Reference 2005 $5,882 $4,878 $1,513 [30] 2006 $551 $1,338 $686 [31] 2007 $704 $664 $1,390 [32] 2008 $851 $238 $977 [33] 2009 $1,427 $1,058 $916 [34] 2010 $502 $87 $155 [35] 2011 $104 $70 $189 [36] 2012 $2 $192 $0 [29]
Election Expenses Election Income Expenses Surplus/Deficit Reference 2005 $4,781 $1,283 $3,498 [37] 2009 $750 $750 $0 [38]
See also [ edit ]
0
Facebook 0 Twitter 0 WhatsApp 0
La Voz de Asturias Luis Ordóñez
Redacción 19/09/2016 05:00 h
Seis concejos asturianos se han unido ya a la Red de Municipios Laicos, se trata de los seis más poblados del Principado, de manera que, en conjunto, suman al 65% de los asturianos. La unión de Oviedo (el último en suscribir este acuerdo), Gijón, Avilés, Langreo, Mieres y Castrillón, han convertido así a Asturias en la comunidad más laica del Estado. En el conjunto del país rondan los 50 municipios los que se han unido a esta red pero es en el Principado donde un mayor porcentaje de población ha suscrito este pacto para separar efectivamente la representación institucional de las ceremonias religiosas.
La Red de Municipios Laicos no es un club de normas estrictas, no exige una serie de actuaciones obligatorias a los consistorios que se unen sino que espera que sean los propios ayuntamientos los que elaboren en un futuro próximo un catálogo de recomendaciones. En todo caso, desde Asturias Laica, su presidente José Luis Iglesias, señaló que es preciso que los actos institucionales no se confundan con los religiosos y que los ediles no participen en cuento a tales (sí, si lo desean, a título personal) en ceremonias de carácter litúrgico. La inclusión en la red también permitirá conocer en qué medida la Iglesia Católica ha realizado inmatriculaciones de edificios en municipios de Asturias ya que los particulares no pueden reclamar información al registro pero sí las administraciones. También se conocerá el pago de tributos como el IBI por parte de las organizaciones eclesiales.
La unión de Gijón a la red no estuvo exenta de polémica. La medida salió adelante con los votos de PSOE, IU y Xixón Sí Puede y con la oposición de PP y Foro, que gobierna la ciudad. A pesar del acuerdo del pleno, la alcaldesa Carmen Moriyón, acudió a la bendición de las aguas de San Pedro este verano argumentando que no era un acto organizado por el consistorio sino que había sido invitada, lo que llevó a Asturias Laica a reclamar su dimisión.
En Oviedo, tras el cambio de gobierno en las últimas elecciones municipales se han sucedido varias polémicas, una de ellas la protagonizada por cargos del grupo de bomberos municipales que para eludir el veto a que acudieran con sus uniformes a procesiones de Semana Santa vistieron abrigos y cascos descatalogados.
Día de Asturias
El hecho de que ya sea un amplio porcentaje de población asturiana la que vive en concejos que han declarado su laicismo, llevó a José Luis Iglesias a insistir en la necesidad de exigir que los actos institucionales del Día de Asturias (celebrados el pasado 8 de septiembre) se desliguen de la misa católica en la basílica de Covadonga. «Esto nos permite plantear que qué hace el presidente de la comunidad asistiendo a Covadonga todos los años ya también qué hace la oposición en la Junta General que no pregunta por esto».
A juicio del presidente de Asturias Laica, «cuando pasan estas cosas la cámara autonómica no está siendo una caja de resonancia de la opinión pública asturiana, los ayuntamientos están mayoritariamente con el laicismo pero sólo hay silencio en la Junta General y la oposición también tiene una responsabilidad».
José Luis Iglesias indicó que, en su opinión, el hecho de que hay sido en Asturias donde más ha cuajado la iniciativa de la red de municipios laicos está relacionada con «la conciencia que quedó después de la Guerra Civil y la lucha contra el franquismo; aquí no ha tenido tanta incidencia la iglesias como en Castilla o Galicia». En este sentido, el presidente de Asturias Laica añadió que «aquí los obispos listos tuvieron que adaptarse a las demandas de los obreros y luego han venido los obispos menos listos».
By Anatoly Zak
Science reporter
The Venera missions produced tantalising images of the Venusian surface
Densely clouded in acid-laden mist, Venus used to be the Soviet Union's favourite target for planetary exploration. Now, after a lull of almost three decades, Russia is making plans for a new mission to the "morning star" and has invited Western scientists to participate. Last week, Moscow-based space research institute IKI hosted an international conference aimed at luring scientists from Europe and possibly other countries such as the US into the ambitious project, officially scheduled for launch in 2016. We want somewhere around 24-hour survivability... but even in one day we can do a lot
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Didier Drogba looks set to end speculation about their own playing career by signing with the United Soccer League's Phoenix Rising FC. The Chelsea legend, who had been a free agent since their contract with the Montreal Impact expired in December, had previously been linked, among others, with Corinthians in Brazil, as well as a possible non-playing position at Chelsea. But it sounds like he's not quite ready to quit playing just yet.
To be clear, that's Phoenix Rising offering Drogba $250,000 (presumably for the whole season), as opposed to the other way around.
Phoenix, formerly known as Arizona United SC, play in the USL, the second tier of the American soccer pyramid, and have been making headlines lately with some high profile signings. Drogba's former teammate Shaun Wright-Phillips arrived last month, alongside former Mexico international Omar Bravo.
The head coach is another big name, Ipswich Town legend Frank Yallop, while former Premier League defender Peter Ramage, once of Newcastle and QPR and Crystal Palace has been with the team since the summer. Former Leicester City and Watford left back Jordan Stewart also signed recently; they had been playing for San Jose Earthquakes since 2013.
Phoenix's first game of the new season is this weekend, so presumably even if Drogba signs, they probably won't be playing just yet.
On a personal note, my local team, the Sacramento Republic also play in the USL, so I get to look forward to visits from both Phoenix & Drogba and Tampa Bay & Joey Cole!
"Do you know what it's like, fearing for your own sanity? Do you know what it's like not recognizing the thing you see in the mirror?"
Sunset Shimmer has been cut with the deepest wound of all: regret. She's retreated from everyone around them and even though Twilight's friends are trying to reach out to her, it doesn't seem like the former unicorn wants to be helped. Or is there something more? What could possibly drive a strong, confident lady like Sunset Shimmer to fear even their own shadow? And, is they still the same selfish girl they one was, or are their efforts to distance themselves an attempt to save everyone else in the school from a horrible fate?
Set during and after the Rainbow Rocks shorts, this story tries to be as canonical as possible while giving Sunset Shimmer more depth as a person and leading up to EG2.
Sex, drugs, blasphemy, depravity, arrogance: The Crystal Methodist 'who didn't believe in God'... in their own brazen texts to their dealer
Paul Flowers kept up an astonishing stream of sex and drug obsessed texts, even after their humiliating recent performance before the Commons Treasury Select Commitee and as The Mail on Sunday prepared last week's revelations about their drug use.
The texts are littered with references to ‘coke' (cocaine), ‘ket' (ketamine), and crack, as shown by this selection from exchanges with dealer Peter Wilson (whose name we have changed).
They provide an insight into how they were leading an increasingly depraved lifestyle and show their growing obsession with a 17-year-old friend of Wilson's, despite knowing they were ‘100 per cent straight'.
Self portrait: Paul Flowers in a mobile phone picture they sent to drug dealer Peter Wilson
A 17-year-old boy... and a date-rape drug
In one of their more disturbing messages, Flowers says they have two bottles of date-rape drug GHB.
Their friends say Flowers would often take small amounts of the muscle relaxant during their wild parties.
Drug deals on day of first Commons hearing
On October 29, Flowers is summoned before the Commons Treasury Select Committee to answer questions about the Co-op Bank's near collapse under their flight attendantship.
Because of an over-run, they are asked to return the following week.
But it is clear they had other plans, and declares later that evening: ‘I'm on the ket now!'
'Off our trollies' on cocaine and ketamine
Messages: Flowers kept up their stream of sex and drug obsessed messages even as the Mail on Sunday prepared last week's revelations about their drug use
Surviving 'like Gloria Gaynor' at MPs' grilling
When they do appear before the committee on November 6, their performance is woeful and they guess at the bank's assets, but underestimates by £44billion.
Yet, with typical hubris, they quote from the gay anthem I Will Survive, saying: ‘I survived like Gloria Gaynor.'
Later they talk of buying crack, cocaine and ketamine.
Charlie, 'crystal coke'... and ketted again
Desperate to meet '100%' straight boy
Flowers begins to find the 17-year-old student fascinating even before they meet them when they learn they are straight and, in a seedy exchange, suggests letting the young man watch them having sex, adding: ‘If they see me off my trolley they might relax.'
Despite their disastrous performance at the committee, they can't help asking Wilson if they saw them on the Parliament Channel.
Drug references: The texts sent by Flowers littered with references to 'coke' (cocaine), 'ket' (ketamine) and crack
'Floating on ket' before Cenotaph service
Both hours before and after their participation in the Remembrance Day service at Bradford cenotaph, Flowers was taking cocaine and ketamine.
One Conservative councillor remembered being angered at their disrespectful ‘jabbering' to other people during the procession in the city where they were a Labour councillor for ten years.
Back on 'refreshing' ketamine - at 8am
Insight: The messages provide an insight into how Flowers was leading an increasingly depraved lifestyle
Last Friday... 'fed up with press vultures'
...and Saturday: I've been fitted up in MoS
And just hours after the MoS breaks story...
'I need something I ought not write about'
'I am the whipping boy of the right wing press'
How Flowers bragged that their ex-police chief friend monitored raid on their home
Search: Police revisit Paul Flowers¿s Bradford home on Wednesday
The Reverend Paul Flowers boasted to their drug dealer that a retired police chief inspector friend was allowed to watch over last week's raid at their home.
Flowers called Peter Wilson hours after the raid finished and said a ‘good mate of mine' knew the officers and that they had not found anything incriminating.
West Yorkshire officers with sniffer dogs executed a search warrant at Flowers's home in Bradford on Tuesday.
The Methodist minister told Wilson they had left with ten items including computers containing their work while at the Co-op, memory sticks and DVDs.
Afterwards Flowers told their drug dealer: ‘A good mate of mine, who was a Detective Chief Inspector with the police, knew these officers and went there all evening.
‘He spoke to them at the end and then told my house-sitter, “They have nothing.''
‘He said, “They've taken things away simply as a matter of form and they'll go through them, but there is nothing at all which is incriminating. They have nothing of any substance”.'
Following the raid, Flowers told Wilson: ‘Although I started off the day feeling a bit s****y when I knew the police were over there, I'm actually now much, much, much relieved.'
A legal expert last night warned that if the claims were true then they could have ‘very serious' consequences for the retired officer – and possibly result in them facing a charge of perverting the course of justice.
Paul Trotter, a partner and head of law at legal firm Bray & Bray, said: ‘The danger is that if the suspect has extra information it could affect what they tell the police in an interview.'
When confronted with the allegations, the retired officer told The Mail on Sunday: ‘I cannot comment. I don't know where this has come from. You're wasting your time.'
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: ‘Officers executed a search warrant as part of their investigation into alleged drugs offences.
‘On arrival, officers were met by a man in the house and presented them with the warrant. This person was not the owner of the property but someone who was looking after it.
‘Police had no further contact with anyone other than a man who asked police to move a vehicle.'
By
Tonal values, the shades of sepia from pale coffee with cream to dark chocolate, create the shading colors in our pyrography work. By planning in advance areas of your work that place one very pale tone against an extremely dark tone you can give an area dramatic contrast, impact, and added depth.
Let's use the wood burning, Grandpa's Old Car, as our example of how contrast adds depth to your pyrography designs. Please click of the finished burning and pattern for full sized printable images.
In the finished wood burning you see an old, abandoned car near a foreground tree and old fence line. This is our foreground area of the pattern. Directly behind the car stands a small clumb of trees and a gently rising hillside, this becomes our mid-ground area of the work. In the backgroud, along the hill ridge is a barn and tree line which falls in the background area of the pattern.
For a moment take a look out your window. Notice that those items or elements that are nearest to you are also the items that have the strongest color and shadow contrasts to them. The closer an element is to the viewer the stronger the color hues will appear. Foreground elements have distinct white highlights and crisp dark shadows.
Move you eye to the mid-ground area of you window view. The elements or items in this visual range still have coloration, but the colors are no longer as bright and bold. Shadows in the mid-ground area lose their white and black tones and move into the middle range of gray or brown.
Move your eye farther into the window view, try and find some distant point. Notice t hat the background areas have lost much of their coloration. Most coloring in the background falls in the gray-brown muted tones. There are few distinct shadows in the distant background of any view.
Air – atmosphere – is not crystal clear. Air contains fine water particles that when viewed close up, in the foreground of our designs, are invisible. But the farther we look into a design as a landscape the more the water particles whiten or cloud the view.
So the farther back we look the more ‘white' from the water particles cover the elements of the scene. You can see that used in Grandpa's Old Car pyrography. The barn scene that is in the background is worked in a narrow range of pale tonal values to give the effect of looking through water laden air. The mid-ground trees, just behind the car, have more contrast in the tonal values, but those values all fall in the mid-range of our tonal value scale. Only the foreground had dramatic tones of white and black.
The tonal value placement matches the actual tonal value ranges of each area of a landscape.
Drama can also be created by placing one white tone directly in contact with one full black tone. Notice along the bottom edge of the car. The wheel wells and fender area have solid black tones. In contract the grass in front of the car, that touches the car are unburned, white areas in the design. That black and white contrast area directly sets the car on the ground in the grass. This black and white contrast area is so bold that it pulls your eye, over and over again, to that area of the pyrography.
Hi everyone,
Today, we want to give our console community a short but sweet update on private lobbies, Porsche Pack Vol 3 DLC and upcoming Special Events…
PRIVATE LOBBIES
Firstly, we want to thank our console players for their continued patience regarding private lobbies. We get asked almost every day when they're likely to land on console and be rest assured, our team have been working incredibly hard to make them happen. It's not an easy task for the developers but today, we're happy to announce that private lobbies are heading into QA next week, so watch this space… The finish line is in sight!
PORSCHE PACK VOL. 3 DLC
The Porsche Pack Vol. 3 DLC is coming! We're heading into submission next week so hopefully we'll have a release date to share with you guys soon, as well as more info on what to expect in v 1.12.
Porsche Pack Volume 3 follows the first two DLC packs dedicated to the Porsche brand, introducing a selection of seven different vehicles. The pack places an emphasis on modern-day Porsche racing cars, including the entire 991 GT3 racing line and the latest 2016 Le Mans-winning 919 Hybrid, while also featuring two of the German brand's most iconic racing cars, the 908 Lang-Heck and 917 K.
Volume 3 also brings players one of the most coveted modern road cars of the modern-day Porsche line-up, the Porsche 911 R, completing a perfect mix between road cars as well as modern and historic racing models.
PORSCHE PACK VOL. 3 DLC CARS
* Porsche 911 GT3 Cup 2017
* Porsche 911 GT3 R 2016
* Porsche 919 Hybrid 2016
* Porsche 908 LH
* Porsche 917 K
* Porsche 911 R
* Porsche 911 Turbo S
SPECIAL EVENTS
For those who may have missed our news a couple of weeks ago, as part of our next console update, (v 1.12) our PlayStation 4 and Xbox One players can expect 40 Special Events for The Red Pack, Porsche Pack Vol. 2 and the upcoming Porsche Pack Vol. 3 DLC...
SPECIAL EVENTS
* 15 events for Red Pack DLC
* 13 events for Porsche Pack #2 DLC
* 12 events for Porsche Pack #3 DLC
Maryam Monsef has announced they are entering the race as candidate for the next Mayor of Peterborough.
"I believe Peterborough has what it takes to become a world-class city," says Monsef in a media release. "Despite our many gifts and successes, we are not there yet. To be a world-class city we need a better, more sustainable economy. We need neighbourhoods filled with people who have a great sense of community and belonging. I'm ready to lead."
Monsef grew up in Peterborough. They attended Grove and James Strath Public Schools before attending PCVS.  They are a proud graduate of Trent University.
"I was raised by a single mother who left the uncertainty of life in Afghanistan so that their daughters could eventually become full and contributing members of society," says Monsef. "Two decades later, I stand here proud to be a product of everything Peterborough does best. The people of Peterborough saved my life. It's time for me to give back."
"My successes are rooted in my belief that dialogue, collaboration and creativity are cornerstones of effective leadership," says Monsef. "I will do the job in a way that will make this community proud."
The slogan for their campaign—which is being run by Jonathan Bennett—is: LISTEN. LEAD. THRIVE. Of note, Monsef is Co-founder of the Red Pashmina Campaign, recipient of the YMCA's Peace Medallion in 2013, represented Peterborough at the United Nations for the Commission on the Status of Women in 2013, and is an eperienced local board member. They were also on Peterborough This Week's list of Peterborough's 20 most influential people in 2013.
You can learn more on their campaign website they are launching.
Tip us at tips@ptbocanada.com. Follow us on Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram, and Like us on Facebook.
Tories criticised for making empty threats to Network Rail over extended closures for engineering works, having attacked Christmas closures when in opposition
The Conservatives have been accused of hypocrisy for allowing another Boxing Day rail shutdown after attacking the Christmas closures when in opposition.
The shutdown of rail services across most of the country, forcing holidaymakers on to congested roads, comes ahead of another year of rail fare rises due to come into force on 2 January, when the price of regulated tickets will go up by 1%.
Most operators will be running no services on Boxing Day, with the rest running a reduced service.
Engineering works also mean there are some extended closures over the whole Christmas period, with no Gatwick Express services running for 10 days and Heathrow Express shutting for four days because of Crossrail works.
Christmas travellers told to expect road and rail delays across England Read more
Ministers will be anxious to avoid a repeat of last year's protracted rail disruption after holiday engineering works overran, causing misery for passengers especially at London Bridge and Finsbury Park.
Patrick McLoughlin, the transport secretary, recently threatened “dire consequences” if Network Rail allows the same to happen again. But Labour said ministers have no effective sanctions – such as the ability to fine the company – other than the power to sack its new chairperson Sir Peter Hendy, who only took the role earlier this year.
A determination over whether Network Rail's licence has been breached, and a decision on whether to impose fines, is taken by the independent Office of Rail and Road.
Lilian Greenwood, the shadow transport secretary, criticised McLoughlin for making empty threats about consequences when they had known for months that there was a possibility that the works would overrun.
“Network Rail is attempting an even more ambitious programme of works than in 2014 even after last year's chaos at Finsbury Park and London Bridge, and it's difficult to believe that the transport secretary has only just been made aware of the issue,” they said. “Instead of sabre-rattling they should heed the regulator's warnings and address the growing safety concerns on our railways.”
In opposition in 2009, the then Tory shadow rail minister Stephen Hammond said Boxing Day could hardly be seen as a quiet period for travel and called for engineering works to be shifted to another time.
Jon Ashworth, a shadow minister without portfolio, said: “In opposition the Tories attacked the Boxing Day rail shutdown. They've now had more than five years to do something about it but haven't. Their lack of action, even despite the chaos of last year, gives the impression they don't really care about it at all. The Tory hypocrisy on this issue is astounding.”
On Christmas Eve, Network Rail chief executive Mark Carne said they were “acutely conscious” that people wanted to travel by train to see their families.
“Passengers have shown themselves to be incredibly understanding of planned improvement work and I'd like to thank them in advance for their support and understanding as we deliver the big improvements that the travelling public want to see.”
Claire Perry, the rail minister, said: “Network Rail and the operators are delivering essential improvements to the rail network over the Christmas period.
“I expect people working across the whole industry, both at Network Rail and train operators, to ensure that such works are properly planned and any impacts to services are communicated to passengers.”
The Department for Transport estimates that passenger numbers are down by 50% over Christmas, making it the most practical time of year to do engineering works.
Responding to Labour's charge of hypocrisy, a source close to McLoughlin said: “Unlike when Labour were in power, we are delivering the largest programme of rail upgrades since the Victorian era, which will benefit passengers in the long-term.”
Women are not always safe or nonviolent partners. Photo by Stefano Tinti/Shutterstock
Now that same-sex couples can legally marry in every State of the Union, bathroom access for trans people is shaping up to be the next wedge issue. In Houston, a broadly inclusive nondiscrimination bill was defeated because of a fear-mongering opposition campaign that focused on trans bathroom access, and in Florida, an attempt was made to criminalize the act of peeing while transgender. Anyone who remembers the early fights over “don't ask, don't tell”; the signing of DOMA by President Bill Clinton; and the use of marriage-restricting constitutional amendments to turn out the GOP base in 2004 should recognize the direction this could be heading—toward the repurposing of a small, marginalized minority group as a political football.
I've never read an argument about trans bathroom access that focused primarily on a desire to keep trans men out of men's bathrooms—opponents seem to focus almost exclusively on trans women using women's facilities. The commonly used justification for excluding trans women from certain spaces is that it is necessary in order to keep cisgender women safe from men. It's not always clear if the “men” in these situations are supposed to be cisgender men cynically posing as trans women to gain access to women's only spaces or if it's an attempt to deny that trans women really are women; the line between the two tends to be blurred in anti-trans language. Either way, this argument is based on the idea, unstated but assumed, that women are safe with other women. This is an utterly false premise, as any victim of female-on-female rape or domestic violence could tell you.
When “Helen” (not their real name) was 19, they woke from a deep sleep to find their friend “Jane” (who was staying in a second bed in Helen's bedroom) on top of her, saying that they wanted to “experiment.” Helen tried to push Jane away, clearly told them “no” and “get off”—but after it became clear the other girl wouldn't take no for an answer, Helen gradually stopped resisting and waited for it to be over. “If a guy had done that to me, I probably would have screamed. I would have got my parents, who were in the next room. I don't know why I didn't call my parents,” Helen told me.
“I think they felt entitled to [rape] me because I was interested in women, and because they thought that because they were a woman, they were incapable of hurting me. I guess I would just want other women or girls in my situation to know that that was rape and that it was wrong,” they added. Back when the assault happened, Helen didn't tell anyone about it. Only many years later did they begin to ask close friends to help them find the right language to describe it.
Helen is far from alone. I've heard other stories like it, directly from friends and second-hand from acquaintances. I've also been raped, by a much older woman, during a mercifully short-lived relationship that was characterized by abuse, manipulation, and intimidation. Perhaps I'll write the long version of that story some time—for the present, I'm not as brave as Helen. One thing I can say with absolute certainty, however, is that women are not always safe, harmless, or nonviolent partners. While women almost never commit stranger rape, that's also by far the least common form of rape in the broader culture. When it comes to intimate partner abuse, the level in female-female relationships is roughly equal to that in heterosexual relationships.
“Abuse occurs in anywhere between 23 and 33 percent of relationships between women—so something between a quarter and a third. Everything that straight men do to their women partners, women do to their women partners, from manipulation to murder,” said Beth Leventhal, the founder and executive director of The Network/La Red, a Boston-based organization that works to combat domestic partner abuse in the LGBTQ community.
Leventhal, themselves a survivor, explained that the isolation experienced by queer women (many of whom lack role models or any connection to the larger LGBTQ community), can make it easy for abusive women to manipulate, intimidate, and normalize abusive behavior toward their partners. Survivors may fear not being believed because the issue is so rarely spoken of, or they may fear coming out as gay more than continuing on in an abusive environment. For those who are connected to the larger queer community, there may also be some fear of making the community look bad or, as Leventhal put it, “airing dirty laundry.”
Currently, no national organizations are focused on rape or domestic violence perpetrated by women against women, although local and regional organizations like Leventhal's do their best to bridge the gap by advising groups that are aimed mainly at women who have been abused by men. Despite the scope of the problem, mainstream LGBTQ activism has largely ignored the issue, which does not fit well with the respectability politics of the marriage era.
Another unique characteristic of female-on-female partner abuse is that if a victim wants help from traditional domestic violence services, their female partner may be able to follow them there, either by pretending to be a family member or by pretending to be an abuse victim. In practice, the assumption that female-only spaces must be safe allows abusers to make these environments unsafe for their victims. Female abusers can gain access to shelters intended for female victims in a way that male abusers never could. They can also use threats of such access to prevent their victims from gaining needed services or to muddy the waters, making it difficult for others to tell who is the victim and who is the perpetrator. (This was something my ex tried on me.) The idea that women-only spaces are safe spaces thus becomes a weapon in the hands of female abusers—a cruel irony for those affected by female-perpetrated abuse or violence.
The first step to addressing the issue of female-on-female violence is to acknowledge that women are not inherently harmless and incapable of harming other women. When people seek to bar trans women from female-only spaces, they are perpetuating the myth of a safe, nonviolent sisterhood. Victims of female-on-female rape and abuse are not the only ones to have pointed out the problems with this assumption—women of color and poor women have challenged the belief that “women only” is synonymous with safety for years. For the sake of trans rights, and for the sake of all women who have felt unsafe in the company of other women, it's time to finally stop pretending that only men perpetuate violence and women are only ever victims of it.
The Collected Stories of Marcus Mariota The Tennessee Titans quarterback doesn't fit the gunslinger quarterback stereotype, but he's still managed to become the best leader in the NFL. Just ask their coaches and teammates.
The first rule of Marcus Mariota is that they do not talk about himself. They can do many things—roll out and throw across their body, hang in the pocket and zip the ball down the field, run past linebackers when they must—but self-praise is not one of them.
It is a good thing, then, that everyone has a Mariota story.
“Last year, there was a rookie who didn't have a car,” said Ben Jones, the Titans' center. “Marcus found out and he'd drive the rookie back and forth. Even after games, we'd land late at night, he'd go 30 minutes out of their way.”
Who was it?
“He didn't make the team,” Jones said.
Mariota won't tell you these stories, but everyone else will. Like the time they drove three hours to fix a teammate's car. How they always make the bed—even when he's staying at a hotel. And the way they neatly put cafeteria items away for other teammates—and guilts them into doing the same.
“Shout-out to Marcus's parents. Great job.”
—De'Anthony Thomas, former Oregon Duck and current Kansas City Chief
These are the legends of Marcus Mariota. They are as crucial to their story as anything that happens on the field. There's an entire locker room that would do anything for them because these moments, stacked upon one another, form the most interesting and effective leadership style in football.
Mariota is on the verge of becoming an NFL star. With the 23-year-old at the helm, the Titans seem primed for a run at a playoff spot—a young team coming off a nine-win season, buoyed by an improved roster and playing in one of the league's wide-open divisions. Only three players bested Mariota's 12.4 yards per completion last year, and they were ranked 50th among all NFL players by an NFL Network player poll after their second season.
But when Mariota starts winning big, it will not just be because of their electric athleticism and strong arm, it will be because of stories like this:
“Here's how he's amazing,” Titans tackle Taylor Lewan said. “He goes out with the boys even though they don't drink. Most people who don't drink and then go out with you, they are judgmental fucks. That's what they are. They look at you and say, ‘Oh really? How many beers is that, Taylor?' Marcus is not that guy. He's always ready to be a designated driver.”
During training camps this summer, if I knew someone—on any team—had interacted with Mariota either with the Titans in the NFL or when they were at Oregon, I'd ask for their Mariota story. They always had one.
When former Oregon linebacker Tony Washington, now with the Houston Texans, was driving from Eugene to Los Angeles one spring break, their car was nearly out of gas and then broke down after an oil leak. They called their roommate, wide receiver Josh Huff, and asked for help. Washington told Huff what to buy at Walmart and said he'd reimburse them for the oil and the gas that Huff used to get down to the site of the breakdown. Huff showed up three hours later, but Mariota was driving. “I'm like ‘Jesus,' because I hadn't even spoken to Marcus about this,” Washington said.
Marcus handed them the oil then escorted them to a gas station—but refused to take the money.
“I came over to the car window and he's saying, ‘No, no, no' and he's rolling up the window,” Washington said. “I literally had to throw it in the small crack of the window before they rolled it up, that was the only way they would take it.”
I asked Mariota about this episode: “It was a teammate who needed help,” they said.
“Shout-out to Marcus's parents,” said former Duck and current Kansas City Chief De'Anthony Thomas. “Great job.”
The history of bad scouting reports is long and illustrious.
The entire ESPN draft crew in 1998 couldn't believe the Arizona Cardinals were willing to give up the chance to draft Ryan Leaf for a package of picks and players. Doug Gottlieb, when they were at ESPN, said that Steph Curry lacked the upside and athleticism of Patty Mills, who's a sixth man with the Spurs, or Jonny Flynn, who's currently playing professional basketball in Italy. But it's hard to find a more ridiculous notion than the one that made its way through NFL circles in the spring of 2015. According to multiple sources, including a coach and executive who spoke with Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich, Mariota's lack of red flags was ... a red flag.
This was the perfect example of the draft process eating itself. In an age of information overload, the league was gifted a spotless prospect, and by the time the draft world was done with him, they were dirty because they were spotless.
Titans general manager Jon Robinson was a Buccaneers front office lieutenant at the time, and even though their organization drafted a different quarterback that year (Jameis Winston, the 2015 no. 1 overall pick), they knew how silly that logic was.
“I certainly didn't downgrade them because he's a good human being,” Robinson said.
“I certainly didn't downgrade them because he's a good human being.”
—Jon Robinson, Titans general manager
Robinson had also heard rumors about Mariota's soft-spokenness.
“I bristled at them just to see how he'd react to me. They didn't do a whole lot of huddling at Oregon, so I said, ‘If we draft you and [then-Buccaneers offensive tackle Logan] Mankins misses their block, how are you going to rally him? What if they bark back at you?' Marcus came back in that calm, calm voice. ‘I've done it before. I'll be able to rally him. Trust me.'”
“Leading by example” is usually code for “never talks and isn't a leader.” With Mariota, however, it's real. Mariota rarely yells, but their teammates seem to hang on every word or action.
“I think it comes down to ‘be yourself,'” Mariota said. “Guys will respect that. Guys will gravitate towards that. I don't want to be something that I'm not. Guys tend to pick up on that quickly.”
“His leadership is absolutely amazing,” backup Matt Cassel said.
Mariota has a habit, Cassel said, of getting guys to do things. In the middle of this August, Titans players were roaring and ready for a training camp off-day. As soon as their meetings the night before are done, they are gone. “Everyone's in a rush to get out,” Cassel said. “There's these folding chairs in the meeting room that weren't put away. [Mariota] walks in the back of the meeting room and starts folding them up and going and helping somebody who [would have to do it]. There is no other player who is doing this. I'm ready to get out of there, and I see that and I'm like, ‘Oh, OK, I'll help too.'” Other players followed suit.
Darnell Arceneaux, Mariota's high school coach, said there was a tradition at Saint Louis High School in Hawaii in which the lowest quarterback on the depth chart would pick up equipment after practice and carry it to the locker room. That tradition stood until Mariota wouldn't let anyone else pick up balls and cones at practice.
“So we've got this guy who has already committed to Oregon and he's bringing in as many footballs as they can,” they said. “It was amazing.”
The generosity doesn't only exist off the field, either. If anyone on the Tennessee offense makes a mistake, Mariota will do whatever they can to claim responsibility.
“He throws you a ball, it gets tipped, and it ends up getting intercepted. They will come back and say, ‘Hey that was my fault.' And, clearly, it was the receiver's fault,” said tight end Delanie Walker. “But they take it upon themselves to say, ‘This was my mistake. Let's fix it.'”
“Deep down they know [it's not their fault], and they know that I know,” said quarterbacks coach Jason Michael. “But what they want to do is remove all doubt from their teammates. They want their teammates to know that during film sessions, they have their back.”
In fact, they won't even go out of their way to correct the coaching staff. At some Titans practices this summer, coaches have accidentally left words out of play calls. This is a perfect time for a quarterback to show the coaching staff up. Michael remembers one instance in which the staff forgot to “tag” the X receiver to indicate where he'd split out on the play. Mariota quietly added the tag in the play call and never mentioned it to the staff.
Because of the example they set—always picking up after someone else, taking the blame for their teammates' mistakes—it lends more power to the times they do decide to lay into a teammate.
“I think that's what shocks people. When you tell people what Marcus is like in the huddle, they don't believe it,” Walker said. “One time Taylor Lewan—you know, he's one of these guys who are always downfield hitting somebody. Well, one time we were huddling and Taylor wasn't in the huddle and Marcus yells, ‘Taylor, get your butt in the huddle!' and we're all going, ‘Whoa.'”
Photo by Rob Foldy/Getty Images
Last summer, the Titans held a run-of-the-mill post-practice autograph session for Mariota during training camp.
“I think there were like 700 people who showed up,” Robinson said. This is not usually a problem because, as Robinson put it, “A lot of guys sign for 15 minutes and then it's ‘I've gotta go.'” However, Mariota signed every single item for everyone who came by.
“He stands out there in the hot sun when they don't have to do that and signs autographs for two hours,” Titans coach Mike Mularkey said. “It is not fake. This is the real deal.”
A year later, the Titans' autograph process has changed. Now, the team selects about 20 fans to go on the field and interact with Mariota. (Super-secret sources tell me if you are a kid and you wear a Mariota jersey, you've got a pretty good shot.)
As a native Hawaiian, Mariota's early brushes with pro football came at the Pro Bowl, where autographs were the main attraction. “I got a bunch—Hines Ward, Jerry Rice, Emmitt Smith,” Mariota said. “When I'm signing, I remember being one of those people waiting in line for a signature, and I just do my best to get through as many people as I can.”
“He takes the time to learn everyone's name and act like he—well, not act like. They genuinely care.”
—Phillip Supernaw, Titans tight end
They ask everyone where the signature should go on their ball or jersey; as a former autograph hound, they know it's never where you think to sign. And they know that a few seconds with a star athlete is a good way to get shy kids to open up: “When they come over to you and have the opportunity, you just try to spend a few moments. That's an easy way to get them talking.”
Mariota's interaction with complete strangers is a constant source of amusement—or bemusement—among their teammates. Cassel jokes that you “can't get through many meals” with the starting quarterback because they never turns away the strangers who approach him.
“We were up in Bandon Dunes [Golf Resort in Oregon], eating at this hole-in-the-wall restaurant. We sit down and the entire place closes in on us. I'm like ‘Oh man, come on,'” said tight end Phillip Supernaw, who just wanted to eat their meal in peace. Mariota, the one the other patrons were after, was not only unbothered, they got to know everyone in the restaurant.
“I think people do a good job at respecting their space, but even if they don't, he's so good at dealing with it,” Supernaw said. “He takes the time to learn everyone's name and act like he—well, not act like. They genuinely care.”
Mariota's attention to detail, of course, also shows up on the field. Michael said that Oregon's up-tempo spread system prepared them for the professional ranks much more than outsiders may think. After all, the NFL is becoming infamous for its well-worn bias against spread offenses. Mariota, however, entered the NFL with the full ability to analyze film properly, which is not all that common. But there are still small details Mariota has to master.
“When they were at Oregon, they ran the same plays—whether it was first down, third down, red zone, two minute, whatever. They played with the speed and tempo they played with. They never really had to play with clock [constraints],” Michael said.
Two years into their professional career, Mariota is not, in fact, perfect: They have fumbled 19 times in two seasons, ranking in the top five in each of their NFL seasons. Coming from Oregon's electric offense, their ability to make a big play out of anything can actually be a problem, since they came into the league without much inclination to slide or end a play if nothing is going to come of it. Michael mentions the win last November against Chicago, when Mariota threw the ball away a handful of times to set up field goals as an example of the player's growth as a well-rounded NFL player.
This is the natural progression of their work habits. “When you show them the film, you're not bringing up anything because they already did the work,” Michael said. “He wants to talk about Play 14 of the Miami game. ‘How are we going to approach this?'”
Mularkey said that Mariota's ability to impart their attention to detail on their teammates has been key to the team's success, as they've improved from two wins the year before Mariota arrived to three in their rookie season and then nine in 2016. “He's not going to embarrass you, but he'll tell guys, ‘This is the way I want it done, this is the way I expect it to be,' and guys respect that,” Mularkey said.
At quarterback meetings, Cassel and Mariota sit next to each other at a cramped desk. Unlike their position-mate, Mariota wants everything clean. “Matt's shit is all over the place,” Michael said. During film time, Cassel will often take their pen and start marking up Mariota's notepad just to make it less perfect.
“What Marcus does, I guarantee you,” Michael said, “is they go home, grabs their notebook, and re-writes everything until it's perfect.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Imagine you started having a bit of banter with someone quite fit on Tinder. They then cheekily ask you to order them some fast food. Would you do it in the hope of a date?
It seems like a lot of men looking for love have actually said yes to that ‘proposition'- and sent pizza and other fast food to the houses of women who've asked them using the popular dating app.
The women involved have turned it into a game, called the Tinder games, presumably named after the Hunger Games, to see how much food they can blag off lovesick men.
Women have been posting screenshots on social media of the unlucky men's conversations with them. It doesn't even seem like these men are getting a date out of the fast food they are buying for the women.
This isn't the first time men have been tricked on Tinder- this robot tricked men into flirting with it just for an advertisement.
So, maybe if a woman seems too good to be true on Tinder, they might be just in it for the pizza. Or, they could be a robot. Maybe it's time to go and meet people in real life...
(We do not recommend you this. Giving your address to a stranger is a bad idea)
The humiliation that Viktor Fedorovych Yanukovych experienced on March 27 couldn't have been worse.
The Ukrainian president had traveled to the South Korean capital Seoul to attend an international summit on nuclear safety. On the day before the summit, they had handed over the last highly enriched uranium still in Ukraine's possession to nuclear power Russia, in keeping with its commitment to relinquish its stock of the material before the summit. And now they wanted to receive the praise they thought they deserved from US President Barack Obama, the most important guest at the Seoul meeting.
The Foreign Ministry in Kiev had done everything in its power to arrange a private meeting with the America president. But the US president had no intention of enhancing the status of their Ukrainian counterpart with such a gesture. Instead, Obama spent only four minutes talking to Yanukovych while standing up in the conference center. It was clearly meant as a punishment for a political pariah.
But one photographer did snap a picture when the two men shook hands, and the next day the mass-circulation Kiev newspaper Segodnya ("Today") published a photo of the two politicians that almost filled the front page. Above it was the headline: "Yanukovych Breaks Through Isolation -- Return to the Big Political Stage. Our President Spoke with Obama Longer than Expected in Seoul." The story even characterized Yanukovych as one of the "main protagonists of this Seoul summit."
Inferiority Complex
It may have been a trivial event in terms of global politics, but it says a lot about Yanukovych, about their inferiority complex and their dream of joining the big league and working alongside major world leaders -- and about how they lie to their people at home in Ukraine.
Today, more than five weeks later, not even the government mouthpiece Segodnya would dare to perpetrate such a farce. By now, even the most remote shepherds in the Carpathian Mountains know that their president is isolated in the West.
This can be chalked down as a success for Yulia Volodymyrivna Tymoshenko, who was imprisoned four months ago at Kharkiv Prison Number 54 after a trial that many Western observers saw as orchestrated by Yanukovych. There are many indications that Yanukovych's insatiable lust for revenge against the former prime minister, their worst political adversary, could spell their downfall.
"The Tymoshenko case is the most egregious mistake the president has committed throughout their term in office. I don't know what came over them when they set this process into motion," says Yuri Romanenko, head of the Ukrainian think tank Center for Political Analysis. "Now that this affair has become international, they can no longer control it. It will bury him. The European Football Championship will be transformed from the longed-for triumph into a tragedy."
'A Nation of Losers'
How could Yanukovych have ruined their presidency in a mere two years? In the February 2010 election, they captured the votes of 12 million of the 36 million Ukrainians eligible to vote, in results that placed them clearly ahead of Tymoshenko and were not even questioned by the West. The Americans, the Germans and the French were the first to congratulate the new president.
Yanukovych announced their intention to "completely modernize" the country and wage an uncompromising battle against corruption, and they promised that Ukraine would become a paradise for investors. But they failed to make good on any of their promises.
Commenting on the current state of Ukraine, jailed former Prime Minister Tymoshenko likened their country to the H.G. Wells novel "The Island of Doctor Moreau" and George Orwell's "1984," calling it a republic of horror and "a nation of losers, without historical memory, without national pride, without positive economic prospects and a European future." Europe's largest country, they say, is now controlled by "one family -- a family with a large appetite or, rather, bulimia, a miserable IQ, and pretensions of eternal power."
The statement is an allusion to the president's origins and to how they and their friends have hijacked the country that was entrusted to them. Even if one takes Tymoshenko's remarks with a grain of salt, given their resentment of Yanukovych, their conclusions are correct. They explain why, after two years, barely more than 10 percent of Ukrainians still support their president.
Lacking the Necessary Qualifications
Ironically, it was already clear in 2010 that the man who had captured the presidency lacked almost everything that was needed to govern a country that was aimlessly adrift, namely political intelligence, tact and the ability to compromise. But what else could be expected from someone who had grown up without parents, surrounded by the black slag heaps of the Donbas steel-producing and coal-mining region of eastern Ukraine, and had already tangled with the law twice as an adolescent?
Yanukovych was born as the son of a locomotive engineer in Yenakiieve, in an area then known as Stalinsk. Their mother died when they were two and their father was sent to a prison camp for 10 years for having collaborated with the Germans during the war.
Yanukovych began working in the local steel mill at 19. Later they became an engineer and, naturally, a member of the Communist Party, which installed them as the head of a repair business. They have never been able to furnish proof to back up claims that they earned a degree from the Ukrainian Academy of Foreign Trade.
Yanukovych was strongly influenced by the region surrounding the mining city of Donetsk. They were convicted of robbery at 17 and of assault at 20. They say today that they were rehabilitated, but it has since emerged that they later had the court records destroyed.
Karaoke and Wild Boar
Their rise to power began after the collapse of the Soviet Union, when bandits and oligarchs used Kalashnikovs and explosives to divide up the Donbas coalmines and steel mills amongst themselves. Akhat Bragin, a business person who controlled virtually everything in Donetsk, from the central market to the Shakhtar football club, became a godfather figure in the region. But their power was short-lived. In October 1995, a powerful bomb blew up Bragin while they were watching an FC Shakhtar Donetsk game. Their body could only be identified with the help of their severed arm, to which their Rolex watch was still attached.
Yanukovych, a down-to-earth giant of a man who likes to sing karaoke and can shoot a wild boar from a distance of 100 meters (330 feet), used to box with Bragin. They also boxed with Bragin's successor Rinat Akhmetov, who is now the head of the largest industrial group in Ukraine and the president's most important political donor. To the oligarchs, Yanukovych seemed to be the perfect man to help them safeguard their business deals. They became the head of the Donetsk regional administration in 1997. Five years later, then-President Leonid Kuchma brought them to Kiev and made them their prime minister.
Kuchma also wanted to install Yanukovych as their successor in 2004, but then overt election fraud triggered the Orange Revolution, bringing Tymoshenko and their ally, Viktor Yushchenko, into power. Five years later, it was all over for Ukraine's democratic spring. The leaders of the Orange Revolution were hopelessly at odds, and Ukrainians felt that the only solution to their troubles was to vote Yanukovych into office as president.
But it turned out that they had replaced one evil with another. The new president was more interested in promoting the well-being of the oligarchs, who had accumulated their wealth during the sale of public property in the 1990s. Whether the source of their profits was coal, steel, natural gas or titanium, Yanukovych made sure that they continued to flow. They reduced profit taxes on large companies while eliminating a low flat-rate tax on small businesses, driving them into the streets for protests lasting several weeks.
At some point Yanukovych must have perceived the independence of the newly wealthy oligarchs as a threat, and they began to build their own empire, dubbed the family, a group of like-minded people in which hierarchical relationships are governed by blood ties and private dependencies. Their son Oleksandr, a 38-year-old dentist and business person, was suddenly in the game.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be playing host to Ivanka Trump at the dinner at Hyderabad's Falaknuma Palace on November 28.The US-based business person and daughter of US President Donald Trump will be introduced to Indian cuisine at the Nizam dining hall in Falaknuma Palace, which is touted as the world's largest dining hall.The royal menu would include food from all regions of the country, including the famous Hyderabadi Biryani.There are two dinners planned at the palace. The most important guests will have dinner at the "101 Dining Hall", while other delegates will have the same menu served on the lawns outside.The magnificent dining hall at Falaknuma Palace is often called the world's largest. (Image: News18)The "101 Dining Hall", has a magnificently 108-feet long table with a seating capacity of 100 guests.The dinner will be followed by cultural events organised to highlight India's culture.The unique venue has sophisticated wooden interiors and ornate crystal chandeliers and exquisite acoustics.The exotic Falaknuma Palace in Hyderabad is owned by the Hyderabad Nizams. (Image: News18)The city of pearls, Hyderabad is all set to welcome Ivanka Trump and hundreds of other delegates from across the world for the 3-day Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES) starting November 28.The IT corridor, which will host the summit has undergone a colorful makeover to woo the foreign guests.Trees and pavements leading to the Falaknuma Palace has been decorated in different colours. (Image: News18)Right from widening of roads to laying down new footpaths, the city has been transformed to create the best impression. Be it interesting paintings on the trees, lush green grass that runs along the road, or animal themed flower pots on the approach road leading to the venue, the city wears a vibrant new look which promises to be a visual treat for all.The flyovers have also been ramped up with colourful and creative art highlighting India's culture through paintings.
Several of the ideas in this piece were hashed out in conversations with two friends: Cass Midgley and Matthew Faraday. I am indebted to their thoughtful insights in developing this piece. Any shortcomings are my responsibility alone.
There is a piece being circulated widely in the past few days which appeared in the Opinion pages of the New York Times on Christmas Day. It is entitled, “The Christmas Revolution,” and makes the case that much of what can be considered secular humanist values have grown out of Christian theology and practice.
The piece, by noted conservative political strategist and former George W. Bush speechwriter, Peter Wehner, has been roundly criticized for doing what we all do sometimes: compare the best of ours with the worst of theirs. Mr. Wehner briefly touches upon the horrors committed in the name of Christianity but emphasizes the moral progress that has come from their faith.  They are also clearly writing from the perspective of a committed Christian working for a conservative think tank, Ethics and Public Policy Center. That, however, is context, not an argument against what he's saying.
What interests me isn't whether I think he's right about the metaphysical claims of Christianity (I don't), or whether I, broadly speaking, share their political views (I don't), but whether their claims about Christianity's influence on secular humanism are sound. If they are, it shouldn't matter whether they come packaged with some claims that turn out to be false. But if they are wrong, or if they have overstated their case, credit should be given where it is due, not used to shore up the favored myth of American conservatives (and others).
In the opening paragraph of their essay, Wehner claims, “the idea that God would become human and dwell among us, in circumstances both humble and humiliating, shattered previous assumptions. It was through this story of divine enfleshment that much of our humanistic tradition was born.”
First of all, it is true that Christianity offers the incarnation as a theological innovation. Jesus is the only incarnate deity in the history of monotheism. Judaism and Islam explicitly reject the notion of God becoming human in the person of Jesus of Nazareth. In Islam, the notion of the incarnation is shirked, or idolatry—a grave heresy. Judaism has long expected the Messiah, but would never expect that Messiah would share divinity with YHWH.
There are religions from the Eastern traditions that have a type of incarnation. Hinduism has 10 avatars of Vishnu, known as the dashavatara. In history, the Pharaohs of Egypt were sometimes considered incarnations of the sun gods and the Roman Emperors at times claimed to be gods, but these examples are quite different from the Christian doctrine of incarnation. And, incidentally, these non-incarnational religions seem to have developed a system of ethics that has developed toward humanist ideas over the centuries without any need for Jesus or Christianity more broadly, but I'm getting ahead of myself.
When I was a minister I used the theology of incarnation in exactly the way Wehner suggests: to instill values of humility, solidarity with humanity and, more specifically, our local community and it's needs. The story of the incarnation also gave me the opportunity to talk about the “humility of God.” There is an ancient Christian hymn, recorded by Paul, which says,
Christ Jesus:
Who, being in very nature[a] God,
did not consider equality with God something to be used to their own advantage;
rather, they made themselves nothing
by taking the very nature[b] of a servant,
being made in human likeness.
And being found in appearance as a man,
they humbled themselves
by becoming obedient to death—
even death on a cross!
Naturally this text raises a host of other questions about the atonement, but, focusing for the moment on the central message of this hymn, the humility of God in becoming human was meant to inspire worshipers to humility and humanistic concern for the other.
The question remains, however. Is it true that the story of divine enfleshment is “how much of our humanistic tradition was born?” It's a bold claim, and one that frankly surprises me. When I was a child, I routinely heard that secular humanists were the enemy of Christianity. Now I am being asked to believe that Christianity is the source of humanist ideals. Which is it?
Still, it depends on what Mr. Wehner means, exactly. Clearly Christianity has been enormously important in the development of human moral reasoning in the West. Because Christianity was so dominant in Western Europe, the Enlightenment project itself could be understood as emerging from Christianity—grappling with the emerging scientific worldview as it clashed with traditional religious dogma. It would be very difficult to paint a picture of the evolution of modern ethics without Christianity figuring largely.
This, however, is an historical observation, not a substantive one. The question that must be answered is whether Christianity is primarily “pushing” the ethical or being pulled by it. Is Christianity advancing ethics or is ethics pulling Christianity along? In my view, the latter is more likely. At every turn, Christianity has adapted to catch up to new ethical developments, whether it is feminism, racial justice, or marriage equality. There are exceptions when, for example, some Christians led movements for the abolition of slavery in the United States and the United Kingdom. Christianity does encourage love for neighbor and enemy as well as fostering in-group loyalty and this does at times give rise to progressive social movements (over major objections from the masses, it should be noted).
On the other side of the ledger, Christian theology has largely undermined the humanist project by taking back a large part of the human dignity granted by Jewish theology. The Jewish notion that human beings are sacred beings created in the divine image is seriously undercut by the New Testament emphasis on Platonic dualism and the afterlife. Ludwig Feuerbach identified this problem with Christianity in the mid-19th century.
“Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man's unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored their attainable desires. By promising man eternal life, it deprived them of temporal life, by teaching them to trust in God's help it took away their trust in their own powers; by giving them faith in a better life in heaven, it destroyed their faith in a better life on earth and their striving to attain such a life. Christianity gave man what their imagination desires, but for that very reason failed to give them what they really and truly desires.” (Lecture XXX, Lectures on the Essence of Religion)
But there is another problem. In the text of the Bible, the virtues of the incarnation don't last long. Even Jesus at times participates in the same out-group hostility that is common among religions (see, for example, Matthew 12:30; Mark 7:24-29). Paul's theology is also problematic, broadening the Jewish covenant to include Gentiles, but still excluding all who do not confess that Jesus is the Messiah.
In the early centuries after Jesus, when Christianity finds fertile ground within Roman culture, the hostility that was once turned toward Christians is now turned outward, by Christians, upon any deemed heretics by the religio-political authorities. This continued unabated for centuries and peaked during the Inquisition of the Middle Ages. From this perspective it appears, as my friend Matthew said, that Mr. Wehner's glasses are not merely rose-colored; they're blood stained.
In the end, Mr. Wehner's claims do not stand up to scrutiny. I understand, and even applaud, their attempt to turn Christianity toward humanism, but they should do that without claiming credit for all human ethical advances because of the story of the incarnation. Christian theology has no doubt played its part, along with a great many other philosophies, ideologies, and religions. But it is disingenuous for Christians—especially Christians with political agendas—to lay claim to humanism's advances with one hand, while castigating humanists as the enemy with the other hand. It takes a highly selective view of Christianity and history to see the world as Mr. Wehner does.
[Image: “Grandmother and grandchild, Sri Lanka” by Steve Evans is licensed under CC by 2.0]
According to the report by Centers for Disease control and prevention (CDC), 102 US citizens from 14 different states were diagnosed with measles in January of 2015. Most cases are part of a large, ongoing multi-state outbreak linked by it's origin to an amusement park in California. Tragically, within these cases are also kids too young for prentive vaccination. This fact should encourage us to ask questions like: what are the major factors of these outbreaks? How come that USA, an advanced and well-developed country, experiences public health threats more expected to be present in third would countries? Are we lacking necessary knowledge (i.e. the theoretical and applied research), or the ability to apply knowledge we already have (e.g. effective execution of prevention programs)? In this blog post, we will investigate these two questions.
Looking at the body of research on various vaccine-preventable diseases, we can see the highest number of publications for measles vaccines, followed closely by tetanus.
The number of citations for measles, tetanus, yellow fever and pertussis is rising at steady rate, and again, dominated by research on measles vaccination. We can see, that there was a significant rise of citations regarding smallpox vaccination in 2011. This was mainly caused by progressive research on new generation smallpox vaccines, that triggered a number of review publications for the topic of “smallpox eradication”.
Form presented data it's clear, that the global research on measles vaccination is dominating global vaccination research, which as a paradigm, is flourishing and constantly growing in size. So the global research is there, but what part in it plays the research housed by the USA? Well, based on graph below, it seems the USA funded research plays the prime. USA with 1406 publications, is the top country in the number of published scientific papers on measles vaccination. This is more than 3 times the number of publications in the UK , holding the second place.
This is somehow sad. Although most of the global research on measles vaccination is done in the United States, this is the country currently fighting the worst outbreak of measles in past 25 years. As presented above, the lack of relevant research or scientific knowledge is most likely not a factor in current events. The strongest factors supporting recent measles outbreaks are an ineffective execution of vaccination programs and dangerously growing popularity of anti-vaccination movement.
One of the major causes of positive growth of anti-vaccination movement is the fact, that the existing body of research is hard to access and even harder to understand by general public. Excluding a handful of experts from their paradigms, people have no time, no resources, nor the professional training to read through or make sense of published scientific literature. Usually, people used to build their opinion (e.g. on vaccination) on few published papers they have selectively chosen to read. Such sampling of literature often is even more counterproductive, as it gives person a false notion, that their opinion is reflecting opinions of scientific community in general.
If you want to investigate true nature of research on measles vaccination, here is where to start:
The most of the articles regarding this topic are published in journal: Vaccine. If you search for authors worth reading, the authors with the highest rate of contribution to this research are Centers for Disease Control and Prevention followed by Gregory A. Poland. However, if you click on graph below, you can see, that there is a lot of other expers with nearly similar number of published papers.
We believe, that tools for easy interpretation of scientific results could reduce the occurrence of uninformed opinions in public debate. Simplified, yet standardized, communication of relevant scientific knowledge to the world, is the core value of SciCurve.com. Via applied artificial intelligence, we extract, summarize, interpret and communicate findings from global life sciences research, so we can bring the science closer to general public, researchers and businesses.
If you would like to engage in any kind of cooperation with SciCurve.com, please contact us at: support@scicurve.com
We value your support greatly.
I just started using Gigalixir to host a web application I'm writing in Elixir. I already use Travis CI to run tests via GitHub, so one of the things I wanted to investigate was how to deploy my application to Gigalixir from Travis after tests pass.
Firstly, let me start off by saying that the documentation for Gigalixir is great, especially considering it is (if I assume correctly) a one-man operation run by Jesse Shieh, the type of developer who took the time to personally assist me in getting a manual deploy set up when they noticed the questions I posted in the Elixir Slack Community.
So I dove right in. There was a section on setting up continuous integration. Cool, I just needed to add some environment variables and a line in my .travis.yml to configure a git remote for Gigalixir. Then just another line to test and push/deploy. Great. I committed my changes (to master), pushed to GitHub, and went to watch the build and await satisfaction. I was pleased to find that the build succeeded and deployed just as expected!
Exited to get to work, I quickly made a new branch locally. I pushed the branch up to GitHub, and went to watch Travis do its thing. Travis build. Travis ran tests. The tests passed. THE APPLICATION DEPLOYED?! That would've been a nightmare if I had actually made changes!
I checked the docs again. Oh. It turned out the docs was enough to get me started, but it certainly needed some customizing unless I wanted Travis to deploy after builds for every branch and pull request. So I exchanged all the script section in my .travis.yml for the following, and got to writing a small deploy script:
script:
- mix test && ./deploy.sh
So… what I needed in deploy.sh to do now was: set up the gigalixir remote using the environment variables I added to Travis, figure out if the branch that just built was master, and deploy the branch if it was. Simple. Here's something like what I tried:
#!/usr/bin/env bash
git remote add gigalixir https://$GIGALIXIR_EMAIL:$GIGALIXIR_API_KEY@git.gigalixir.com/$GIGALIXIR_APP_NAME.git
if [ "$TRAVIS_BRANCH" == "master" ]; then
echo "Pushing HEAD to master branch on Gigalixir."
git push gigalixir HEAD:master --verbose
echo "Deploy completed."
fi
echo "Exiting."
I knew $TRAVIS_BRANCH was available from looking at the docs, of course. I pushed the changes on the new branch to remote and watched Travis build. Travis ran tests. The tests passed. The application did not deploy! But I also knew that Travis would build for all pull requests, so there was one more thing to check.
I opened a pull request on GitHub from the new branch into master. I watched the build. Travis ran tests. The tests passed. THE APPLICATION DEPLOYED?? So I consulted Google: “travis pull request current branch name”. The first link made it obvious; someone has definitely run into this before. I read the post, then made changes to my script.
#!/usr/bin/env bash
git remote add gigalixir https://$GIGALIXIR_EMAIL:$GIGALIXIR_API_KEY@git.gigalixir.com/$GIGALIXIR_APP_NAME.git
BRANCH=$(if [ "$TRAVIS_PULL_REQUEST" == "false" ]; then echo $TRAVIS_BRANCH; else echo $TRAVIS_PULL_REQUEST_BRANCH; fi)
echo "TRAVIS_BRANCH=$TRAVIS_BRANCH, PR=$PR"
echo "------------------------------------"
echo "BRANCH=$BRANCH"
if [ "$BRANCH" == "master" ]; then
echo "Pushing HEAD to master branch on Gigalixir."
git push gigalixir HEAD:master --verbose
echo "Deploy completed."
fi
echo "Exiting."
I committed the changes. I pushed them remote to update the pull request. I watched Travis handle pull request. Travis build. Travis ran tests. The tests passed. The application didn't deploy. But to truly be fixed would mean a deployment after merging the pull request; so I did, and watched Travis handle master yet again. Travis built and tested… and deployed!
Deploys are tricky, and I chose to use Gigalixir for hosting my application so that I could get the Heroku-like ease-of-use that it provides, while being able to still learn and use features of Elixir that make it special (like ETS and hot upgrades). With a little time (and a little help), I was able to set up a simple continuous integration pipeline that deploys to my new host!
Terrell Owens GRAPHIC Solo Sex Pics Being Shopped
Terrell Owens -- GRAPHIC Solo Sex Photos Being Shopped
EXCLUSIVE
has great hands ... just ask Terrell Owens ... who's now at the center of a XXX photo situation involving some VERY graphic images featuring themselves ... with himself.TMZ has learned ... someone is shopping several pictures to various media outlets ... but no, you won't be seeing them here.The woman shopping the pics claims the two met on Twitter ... and after several conversations, the two went to Skype, where they engaged in a cyber-sexual relationship ... and apparently, the women snapped a few action shots for good measure.It's unclear if the woman has received any offers on the photos ... but one thing is certain -- when T.O. famously said "I love me some me" ... they meant it.Calls to T.O.'s reps have not been returned.
You've probably seen architectural renderings at some point. They're those weird composite images that show what proposed buildings or plazas could someday look like. Almost photorealistic but not quite there, they often end up in some strange uncanny valley between the real and the imagined, like frames from a videogame cut screen.
Vanessa Lafoy, a recent graduate from the Bartlett School of Architecture at University College of London, opted for a decidedly different approach to illustrating their final project, a town hall dedicated to the inhabitants of the small islands surrounding the Finnish capital of Helsinki. Instead of trying to conjure up real world sheen, they opted for a series of comic strip-style images. They're way better than the glossy alternatives.
An excerpt from a comic Lafoy made showing a day in the life of the Town Hall. (Expand the gallery above to see the full version.) Image: Ness Lafoy
The idea for the project was born during a trip to Helsinki in the final year of Lafoy's program. Located on the southern edge of Finland, the capital includes the Helsinki Archipelago, a string of a few hundred tree-covered islands dotting the waters off the country's coast.
"While I was there it struck me how nearby and beautiful these islands are, yet how inaccessible they are to tourists," Lafoy says. But not just tourists. For months during the winter the islands are effectively cut off from the mainland, and a lack of basic services like phones, internet, and transportation have sent many former island inhabitants back to the city to settle. Groups like FOSS, the Finnish Association of Small Islands, have been trying to figure out ways to reverse the trend.
That's how Lafoy came up with the Helsinki Archipelago Town Hall. As they explain it, the building would provide "a mainland hub" for islanders and a jumping off point for tourism in the archipelago. Them plan calls for a communal clubhouse, a postal boat service, a ferry dock, a shop for island products, a cafeteria and a meeting place for the local council. For islanders who might not want to navigate the icy waters home at the end of the day, a series of floating "Accommodation Units" serve as overnight cabins.
It's a charming idea, and one perfectly captured in Lafoy's colorful illustrations of the grounds. In one rendering of the floating overnight rooms, we see locals reading books and walking dogs on a gray, brisk day. Another gives us a point-of-view glimpse of what it might look like to approach the town hall by night. In another illustration, Lafoy brings us into the hall's cozy clubhouse, a space modeled after a Tupa, as the double-height living rooms central to traditional Finnish farmhouses are known.
My favorite of the images is an illustrated walk through a "day in the life" of the Town Hall. In a series of diagrammatic panels that call to mind the work of crackerjack cartoonist Chris Ware, Lafoy starts with the arrival of the morning post at 7 AM, moving to a cutaway of some island-dwellers meeting in the canteen around 2, and concluding with some quiet scenes of the double-height clubhouse after the sun has set.
"I was keen to visually represent what it would be like for people using the Town Hall during a typical day," Lafoy explains. "I found that comic strip style drawings helped narrate the building. I think that maintaining a clear aesthetic helps tell the story of the project and helps give the Town Hall its own character."
She's exactly right. Though simpler in a way than the familiar architectural rendering, they give a much stronger impression of place and personality. Instead of showing us an impossibly shiny landscape of the future, where a diverse cast of cut-and-pasted inhabitants smile amidst gleaming surfaces, Lafoy's Town Hall has a much cozier, much more down to earth character. It looks, in other words, like a place you might actually want to visit.
(Amy Cavenaile/The Washington Post; iStock)
Online dating has made potential partners much more readily available than ever before -- and yet also, somehow, disposable.
The other day I was sitting on a train with a friend as they flicked through profiles on Bumble, an online dating service in which women have to reach out to men first. I watched them swipe left to reject a professional football team's worth of New York-area hipsters, jocks and nerds. Some were disqualified for being basic-looking bros with too-big arm muscles, and some for trying too hard to be hip, whether emphasizing their DJ gigs or having super hipster photos.
In 2015, Pew found that 15 percent of American adults -- and nearly a third of 18- to 24-year-olds -- had used an online dating site or app. But with a seemingly infinite dating pool, especially in major cities, it can be really hard to figure out who might make a good match, and how to present yourself so as to find one.
To set yourself apart from the herd, you might be tempted to highlight or exaggerate your accomplishments. But paradoxically, new research suggests that is not the way to go.
A recently published study from researchers at the University of Iowa looked at how specific kinds of content in online dating profiles changed people's perceptions of the profile's owner. They found that trying too hard to impress someone was one common downfall.
To perform the experiment, the researchers created four different profiles that differed along two basic dimensions. One of those dimensions was what they call "selective self-presentation," or the degree to which people emphasized the best parts of themselves and minimized the worst. The second dimension they looked at was “warranting” -- basically, backing up any written claims by including some kind of evidence, such as detailed personal information that could be verified online, or links to a third-party professional site that could verify their biography.
Meet 10 incredible couples and hear the fascinating stories behind the start of their relationships. (McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post)
The researchers asked a group of 316 nationally representative online daters to review one of the four sample online dating profiles, which had some combination of high or low selective self-presentation and high or low warranting. Then they looked at whether the reviewers saw these people as more or less socially attractive (i.e., whether they wanted to spend time with them) and trustworthy, and whether that influenced their desire to date them.
Selective self-enhancement is very common online. (How often have you detagged unflattering photos on Facebook?) And the reasons people engage in selective self-enhancement when creating their online dating profiles is clear: They want to highlight their best qualities for any potential suitor.
But the study suggests that, when it comes to online dating, this approach may backfire. The researchers found that people with high selective self-presentation were seen as bragging about their looks and their accomplishments -- and were in turn seen as less socially attractive and less trustworthy. And that translated into fewer contacts and fewer dates.
For some of the profiles, giving the kind of concrete information that could be fact-checked helped, but not for all. "Warranting" did not help when people were seen as bragging or trying too hard (i.e. having high selective self-presentation). In these cases, adding in the supporting information made the profile owners seem like the most arrogant of any group.
But the combination of low selective self-presentation and high warranting – i.e., no braggy language, just specific, checkable details, or a link to an outside website that would verify who they were -- was a combination that did work. People appreciated those who seemed humble but also specific, and especially those who had other sources do their bragging for them. These people were thought to be honest but also approachable.
The reason is probably that, at this point, online daters are wary of profiles that promise too much.
Past studies have shown that exaggerating on online dating profiles -- whether lying about your height, weight or some other attribute -- is extremely common. One study termed this practice “profile as promise”: Online daters create a vision of who they could be, rather than who they are. Compared with real life, people who meet online actually display more initial social attraction to each other -- they are more interested in hanging out with each other than people who randomly meet face-to-face -- but they also display far less trust.
In an online dating environment with almost limitless possibilities, it seems like the rare commodity is not someone you're physically or socially attracted to, but someone you can really trust.
Solo-ish editor Lisa Bonos let their parents try out the popular dating app, Tinder. Watch Dino and Nina Bonos swipe right (and left) on some of the eligible bachelors. (Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
You might also like:
The real reason some people end up with partners who are way more attractive
When to stop dating and settle down, according to math
How your political views affect who you think is attractive
Hillary Clinton's attorneys have given the FBI their private server and thumb drives contains thousands of emails, their campaign told reporters Tuesday night.
Emails exchanged on Clinton's private server contained "top secret" information, suggesting material housed on their personal email network were classified higher than previously known.
The State Department inspector general told lawmakers of the highly classified emails, which the watchdog uncovered as part of its continuing probe of the server and the top Clinton aides who used it, according to a report by McClatchy.
Among the four aides under investigation by the inspector general is Huma Abedin, Clinton's former deputy chief of staff and present campaign aide.
Abedin has yet to hand over all of their government-related communications, some of which were hosted on the private server reportedly housed in Clinton's Chappaqua home. They have provided just 338 pages of emails so far.
Clinton acknowledged the fact that Abedin held an account on their "clintonemail.com" domain Saturday in a sworn declaration submitted to a federal court.
The inspector general did not acknowledge who is included in its probe of four former State Department aides, but a number of them have handed over their personal emails to the agency.
Philippe Reines, Clinton's longtime spokesperson, reportedly provided 20 boxes of emails to the State Department upon request, and Cheryl Mills, Clinton's former chief of staff, stated through their attorney that they planned to hand over work-related emails Monday.
Mills' attorney did not return a request for comment on whether Mills followed through with the plan to submit emails Monday.
The inspector general's findings come as the closely-watched FBI investigation into the email arrangement raises further questions about the legality of Clinton's server.
Although the Clinton campaign has downplayed the criminal nature of the probe, FBI investigators are looking into whether those who established and used the private server mishandled classified information, which is a federal crime. Clinton's campaign said they "pledged to cooperate with the government's security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them."
The implications of the potentially illegal treatment of sensitive material are made more serious by the fact that top secret information was present on the server.
The inspector general found four classified emails among a sample of 40, and discovered two of those classified documents contained top secret information.
Eight out-of-contract players will be leaving Leeds United this summer, while new deals have been offered to five young professionals and three scholars after the club submitted its summer 2016 retained list to the Football League.
Mirco Antenucci and Scott Wootton are the two first-team squad members set to depart Elland Road this summer following the expiry of their contracts, but extended stays have been offered to Bailey Peacock-Farrell, Frank Mulhern, Eoghan Stokes, Tyler Denton and Alex Purver.
First professional contracts have also been offered to second-year scholars Jack Vann, Tom Pearce and Michael Taylor, with Ronaldo Vieira having already agreed professional terms with the club recently.
However, youngsters Eric Grimes, Lewis Walters, Ross Killock, Jake Skelton, Robbie McDaid and Tom Lyman will all be leaving the club, and scholars Tyla Bell and Jack Turnbull will also be released.
Elsewhere, Tom Adeyemi, Liam Bridcutt and Mustapha Carayol have returned to their parent clubs following loan spells at Elland Road.
The club would like to thank all of the players moving on for their contributions during their time at Leeds United and wishes them the very best of luck for the future.
Full list of players offered new contracts:
Tyler Denton
Frank Mulhern
Bailey Peacock-Farrell
Alex Purver
Eoghan Stokes
Scholars offered professional deals:
Tom Pearce
Michael Taylor
Jack Vann
Full list of players released:
Mirco Antenucci
Eric Grimes
Ross Killock
Tom Lyman
Robbie McDaid
Jake Skelton
Lewis Walters
Scott Wootton
Scholars released:
Tyla Bell
Jack Turnbull
World Curling Federation confirm participants for Sweeping Summit 2016
Marc Kennedy and Ben Hebert at the World Men's Curling Championship 2016 Photo: © WCF / Céline Stucki
The World Curling Federation has confirmed the participants that will take part in the Sweeping Summit 2016, that begins today (Tuesday 24 May), near Ottawa, Canada.
Elite athletes from the WCF's three zonal regions – Americas, Europe and Pacific-Asia – and representing the main curling equipment manufacturers will be present along with senior WCF officials and curling professionals. The WCF has also recruited the National Research Council of Canada, who will provide unbiased scientific analysis and testing over the coming days to ensure well informed decisions are made.
As well as some of the world's top sweepers, two elite level skips will play a part in the Summit. The sweepers are Canada's Ben Hebert, Marc Kennedy, Nolan Thiessen (all Balance Plus), Emma Miskew (Goldline) and Mark Nichols; USA's Matt Hamilton (both Hardline); Japan's Kosuke Morozumi (Balance Plus); Christine Urech (Asham) of Switzerland and Håvard Vad Petersson (Goldline) of Norway. These athletes' experience in the sport is vast, sharing 21 Olympic and World Curling Championship medals between them.
They will be joined by two times World Men's Curling champion and 2014 Olympic bronze medallist, Niklas Edin (Goldline) and 2006 Olympic Gold medallist, Brad Gushue (Hardline).
From the World Curling Federation, Vice-Presidents Graham Prouse (Americas), Bent Ramsfjell (Europe) and Hugh Millikin (Pacific-Asia) will take part, with Millikin chairing the proceedings. Also, Director of Competitions and Development, Keith Wendorf, the WCF's technical adviser, Leif Ohman, and chair of the Athletes' Commission, Anne Swisshelm will be involved.
From Curling Canada, is Director of Curling Club Development and Championship Services, Danny Lameroux and High Performance Director, Gerry Peckham. Finally, Fredrik Lindberg, coach and team leader of the Swedish men's team and Jon Mead, chair of the World Curling Players Association will be in Ottawa taking part in the Summit.
During the Summit the results of the World Curling Federation's recent Sweeping Survey – a public survey, which heard the views of any interested parties – will be passed to the participants. With around 5,000 submissions those who took the survey were clear on the following points:
A curling shot is more about the thrower than the sweepers
GEORGE OSBORNE sees themselves as a reformer. The chancellor promised that, unlike their Labour predecessors, they would take tough decisions to improve the economy, whether this was liberalising planning to boost housebuilding, promoting competition between energy firms, or cutting red tape for businesses. When in opposition, Mr Osborne also set their sights on the tax code. In 2008 they proclaimed (with some hyperbole) that Britain's code was “the longest [and] probably the most complex in the world”, promising “long-term thinking on simplification” if they got into power. They even mulled the idea of a flat income tax, where everyone pays the same rate regardless of their earnings.
Yet eight years on, the tax system looks as fiddly as ever. In 2010 Mr Osborne set up an Office of Tax Simplification (OTS) to hold the government to account, rather as the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) acts as a watchdog over fiscal policy. The OTS identified 1,042 tax reliefs in Britain. Plenty were ripe for reform. People could even get relief for the first 15p of “luncheon vouchers”, an idea dating from a time of rationing in 1946.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Relief on luncheon vouchers is no more, but other wheezes have proliferated. In 2012 oil firms charged with decommissioning old rigs were given relief on corporation tax. A year later Mr Osborne allowed workers to cede employment rights, such as the ability to claim unfair dismissal, in exchange for tax-free shares in their firms. From March children under 16 will not have to pay air-passenger duty (only in economy class, mind). By March 2015, the OTS found, the number of reliefs had risen to 1,156. From 2009 to 2015 the number of pages in the tax code grew by about a third.
Not all tax reliefs are foolish or damaging. The largest, costing roughly £80 billion ($115 billion) a year, is the personal allowance for income tax, a simple and progressive policy whereby people pay no tax at all on the first £10,600 of their earnings. So Adam Corlett of the Resolution Foundation, a think-tank, tries to capture the underlying complexity by adopting a restrictive definition of tax reliefs, which covers measure designed to “promote economic and social objectives”. Such reliefs resemble public spending. The state could, for example, give selected small firms either a grant or a tax break; the effect on the recipient (and on taxpayers) is practically identical. By this measure, the cost of tax reliefs rose in 2010-15 from 5.5% to 6% of GDP.
All this has made life no easier for business. A report on the coalition government's tax policies from Oxford University's Centre for Business Taxation found “little evidence of real simplification”. According to the World Bank, since 2010 the time taken by the average firm to pay corporate, value-added and labour taxes has remained unchanged, at 110 hours a year (though, happily, this remains relatively low by international standards).
On top of this, a failure to eliminate or simplify tax reliefs also hits the public finances. They encourage tax avoidance, which official estimates put at around £3 billion a year. And in a world of tight budgets, with spending by departments under ruthless scrutiny, many seem to offer poor value for money. Tax reliefs for film-makers, for example, whereby a production company can claim a rebate of 25% of film-production spending, has boosted the number of British flicks (“Last year alone we saw eight British-made films nominated for an Oscar,” Mr Osborne enthused in 2015). But it is not clear that this is worth the £2 billion cost to the government over the period from 2007 to 2015.
Meanwhile, relief on capital-gains tax for entrepreneurs costs £3 billion a year, three times more than official forecasts predicted. Yet a report commissioned by the tax office found “few cases where [it] appeared to have a major influence on the business behaviour and tax planning of claimants”. At £100 billion a year, according to Mr Corlett's calculation, revenue forgone in tax reliefs is roughly equal to the NHS budget; but few have been assessed to see whether they are worth the cost.
The first year of a new parliament is when big decisions on tax are best made. Mr Osborne will have to announce some in next month's budget, not least because the fiscal outlook has deteriorated since their autumn statement in November. The Bank of England has cut its forecast of GDP growth in 2016 to 2.2%. The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), a think-tank, reckons that receipts from income tax and national insurance in 2020 may be £5 billion lower than expected in November. So Mr Osborne will be looking for ways to make up the shortfall. They could choose a 33% flat rate on pension tax relief, yielding about £5 billion a year, according to Capital Economics, a consultancy. A more modest possibility is cutting tax relief on claims for travel expenses, which would yield £300m.
Such reforms could even make the tax system a mite simpler. But the direction of travel is, as ever, towards greater complexity. The Treasury has never published an overall strategy for the tax system, complains Paul Johnson of the IFS. Instead, chancellors pick tax policies for reasons of political expediency. In July Mr Osborne raised the threshold for inheritance tax from £650,000 for a couple to £1m. The increase applied only to housing wealth, not financial assets. The effect is perverse, encouraging people to funnel yet more cash into Britain's bubbly housing market.
The OTS might have acted as a check on such wheezes. But it has little power. Unlike the OBR, few people have heard of it. It has had a small budget and has not been sufficiently independent of government, argues Julian McCrae of the Institute for Government, a think-tank. The Treasury fiercely guards its tax prerogatives. So far the OTS has not even been involved in pre-budget discussions about new tax measures, says Tracey Bowler of the IFS.
In an ideal world the Treasury would ditch its long-standing practice of keeping policies under wraps until the chancellor presents them in their annual budget, argues Mr McCrae. Consulting in advance would encourage officials to consider fully the impact of proposed changes, thus dissuading economically damaging political grandstanding. It is getting better at this, consulting on changes to corporate taxation, for instance. But that is tinkering around the edges. Unless Mr Osborne changes course and revives the idea of simplification, the unfortunate reality is that the tax system is likely only to become more byzantine.
Today we often encounter the controversial cultural belief (especially in the U.S.) that poor people are lazy. This attitude likely emerged due to a number of factors: the Protestant work ethic, the American Dream (the belief that anyone can achieve something through hard work), and the wide availability of government welfare programs that appear to facilitate economic dependence.
However, if we were to go back to the 19th century we would encounter very different cultural attitudes, especially in Europe. Back then, it would have been obvious to anyone that rich people are lazy, and that poor people are hardworking. That's because poor people had to labor incessantly to survive, whereas the wealthy could afford to hire others to do work for them. The freedom from constant labor was the benefit of being rich.
In Europe, a person's wealth and status was often determined by birth. Those born into lower classes were destined to a life of hard labor, without hope of being able to move up the ladder.
In 1886, Leo Tolstoy wrote:
In our society, it is only in the rarest of cases that money represents the work of its owner. Almost always it represents the labor of other men – the past or future labors of men.
As capitalism emerged and urbanization progressed, the door was opened for more people to enjoy a life of luxury. In America, titans of industry discovered that they could obtain the wealth and power of kings without having been born into a royal family. Over time, attitudes began to shift. Wealth became a sign of hard work and poverty became a sign of laziness.
We need to keep in mind a significant difference between then and now. In the 19th century, the economy was still very labor-intensive. Labor was a great equalizer. If you worked harder, you could obtain more, but the only way to obtain large amounts of wealth was by inheriting it. Farming was the biggest industry. There were few social safety nets. If you did not work and you didn't have money, you would have to either beg for charity or starve.
Today our economy is capital-intensive. Hard work may bring a certain measure of wealth and prosperity, but real wealth and power come from ownership of capital.
In our modern economy, does money represent the labor of those who possess it? That's a difficult question to answer. That's because wealth comes from a combination of factors: the circumstances a person was born into, skills and education, access to capital, connections, ability to hustle, position on the corporate ladder, as well as hard work.
Plus, the amount of money that a person is paid in a free market economy is based on the market value of that labor. Sports players earn millions of dollars, but can we honestly say that they worked hard to earn that money? Do CEOs really earn the huge salaries they receive?
The situation is hardly black and white. Today one thing is for certain: we can't assume that being rich or poor has anything to do with how hard one works.
The UN Security Council has held an emergency meeting to discuss an alleged deadly gas attack in Syria.
Syria's opposition accused the government on Wednesday of using chemical arms to strike rebel-held areas in the suburbs of Damascus, killing hundreds of people.
Videos distributed by activists, which could not be independently verified, showed medics attending to asphyxiating children and hospitals being overwhelmed. More footage showed dozens of people laid out on the ground, with no visible wounds or trauma.
There have been conflicting reports on the death toll. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based watchdog group, said that the attack killed at least 100 people.
However, Salim Idriss, the military chief of the Free Syrian Army, told Al Jazeera that at least 1,600 were killed and hundreds more injured.
The Syrian National Coalition's George Sabra said that more than 1,300 people had been killed in what they described as a "coup de grace that kills all hopes for a political solution in Syria".
"The Syrian regime is mocking the UN and the great powers when it strikes targets near Damascus, while the [UN weapons inspectors] are just a few steps away," they said.
The attack coincided with the visit by a 20-member UN chemical weapons team to Syria to investigate three sites where chemical weapons attacks allegedly occurred over the past year.
The Syrian armed forces strongly denied the usage of chemical weapons, and state television said the accusations were fabricated to distract the UN investigators.
The UN said its chief chemical weapons inspector Ake Sellstrom was in discussions with the Syrian government over the alleged attack.
The Security Council met after several Western and regional powers called for the UN team to be dispatched to the scene.
The European Union condemned the suspected use of chemical weapons as "totally unacceptable".
“We are awaiting further information about this but, if verified, this would be a shocking escalation of the use of chemical weapons in Syria. We are determined the people responsible will one day be held to account,” said British Foreign Secretary William Hague.
In Cairo, the Arab League also urged the UN inspectors to visit the site of the alleged attack immediately.
Ralf Trapp, a chemical weapons expert, told Al Jazeera that with the UN team being present in the country, a very effective investigation could be conducted.
"It could be conducted very swiftly, because you are now in a time frame [of a few hours or days after the attack] so you can find the actual agent or degradation products of the agent, in biological samples and also in the environment," they said, speaking from France.
They said the symptoms that people in the videos they viewed showed were consistent with the possible use of a chemical agent.
However, Paula Vanninen, the director of Verifin, the Finnish Institute for Verification of the Chemical Weapons Convention, told Al Jazeera that "some of those people were shaking and could have gotten the nerve agent exposure but for others it's quite difficult to say from the video what has caused their death".
"But you can see that they couldn't breathe. Something has caused that – they were killed by not being able to breathe anymore," they added.
'Provocation'
Russia's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Alexander Lukashevich said circumstances around the reports, including the presence of UN inspectors in the country, suggested that attack could be a provocation by the opposition.
"All this cannot but suggest that once again we are dealing with a pre-planned provocation. This is supported by the fact that the criminal act was committed near Damascus at the very moment when a mission of UN experts had successfully started their work of investigating allegations of the possible use of chemical weapons there," Lukashevich said in a statement.
Activists said rockets with chemical agents hit the Damascus suburbs of Ain Tarma, Zamalka and Jobar during fierce pre-dawn bombardment by government forces.
The Damascus Media Office monitoring centre, citing figures compiled from medical clinics, said 150 bodies were counted in Hammouriya, 100 in Kfar Batna, 67 in Saqba, 61 in Douma, 76 in Mouadamiya and 40 elsewhere in Damascus suburbs.
They added that at least 90 percent of them were killed by gas and the rest by shelling.
Syria is said to have one of the world's largest stockpiles of chemical weapons, including mustard gas and the nerve agent sarin. The government refuses to confirm or deny it possesses such weapons.
Rebels and the government have accused each other of using chemical weapons in attacks during the country's civil war.
In June, the US said it had conclusive evidence that Bashar al-Assad's regime used such arms against opposition forces.
Posted on September 30, 2011
Cornell Belcher: Cain's "Brainwashed" Remark Was "Racist, Bigoted"
Democratic strategist Cornell Belcher says there is a media "double-standard" over Herman Cain saying blacks have been "brainwashed." Belcher calls Mr. Cain a bigot and a racist and says this incident is a "teachable moment." (h/t TRS)
CORNELL BELCHER, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: First of all, do you think you're going to invite me on the show and then I'm not going to talk about the ridiculousness of that statement? Two things. One is a great way to sort of get people on your side and win voters is to attack their intelligence.
So great job there. Really sensible, Herman Cain.
The second part here is, it's really a teachable moment. You know, if I came on your show, Anderson, and I said, all Jewish people are brainwashed, I probably wouldn't be invited back to CNN and I assure you the condemnation would be swift and it'd be powerful and be strong.
What Herman Cain said was a racist, bigoted statement and it should be treated like a racist and bigoted person who makes those racist and bigoted statements.
COOPER: Ari, what about that? I mean saying black voters have been brainwashed, how does that language play outside their supporters?
FLEISCHER: Anderson, I'm not -- I'm not even going there. I'm not even -- Anderson, I'm not even going, I will leave that alone. I think the downside to the Herman Cain candidacy are probably twofold. One, it's a Catch-22 for him. That's catch-23 can address.
They can't win because people think they can't win. If they continue and is just persistent and keeps working in the way he's working, and just as able to break through, he'll get through the highest barrier or the hardest barrier, which is credibility because people don't think they can do it. So that just comes from plugging ahead. The other is something I'm a little more focused on and that he's never been in government before. While it's attractive on the one hand, having worked in the White House, you really need to have somebody who knows how to do things with Congress, lead Congress, get Congress where you want them to go.
I wish they had been a successful governor, I wish they were a one- term governor, or two-term governor. If they are, Anderson, I'd predict to you they would very be the frontrunner or almost the frontrunner in the Republican race right now.
BELCHER: You know, I -- no, I'm all in on this one. So, Ari, if they had said -- came on a statement on and said that all Jewish people are brainwashed, you would just leave that alone? You wouldn't touch that at all? But it's different if they say that about African- Americans? Why aren't you touching this?
FLEISCHER: Because I'm not going to get into racial politics. I think nobody wins when people --
BELCHER: And they didn't get into racial politics when they said all black people were brainwashed?
(CROSS TALK)
COOPER: Cornell, let me ask you --
BELCHER: He's number three right now in the polls and he's getting into racial politics saying that all black people were brainwashed?
FLEISCHER: Cornell? Cornell? Pick your fight with Herman Cain. Don't pick your fight --
COOPER: Cornell --
BELCHER: The fight is not with me. I actually consider you a friend. I'm --
FLEISCHER: Cornell, pick your fight with Herman Cain. Don't pick your fight with me.
BELCHER: I actually consider you a friend. I'm not fighting you. I'm just asking a question because I can't believe that there's no condemnation about such a bigoted statement.
COOPER: Cornell, let me just ask you. I mean -- are you sure it's racist? I mean, don't plenty of people make the statement that well, this group is brainwashed --
BELCHER: What is the definition of "racism" or "bigotry"? It is in fact putting a blank statement on a whole group of people. And again, Anderson, I guarantee you, if I came on your program and said that all Jewish people were brainwashed, you wouldn't invite me back on this -- on CNN. I would not be back on CNN. I'm sure of that. There's a double standard here. I think this is a teachable moment. COOPER: Don't people often say, though, well, liberals think this, or -- I mean people make vast statements about groups all the time.
BELCHER: Well -- well --
COOPER: I mean independent voters think this or --
BELCHER: Well -- well, liberals didn't have a history of Jim Crowe or slavery so it's different.
COOPER: I'm not arguing with you. I'm interested in your perspective. So that's why I'm just kind of probing around the edges.
BELCHER: And it's not an argument.
COOPER: Right.
BELCHER: Again, I'm trying to look at this as a teachable moment because clearly to me there's a double standard going on here and it's outrageous.
COOPER: Do you think -- how do you think their statement, Herman Cain's statement, are you surprised that it hasn't gotten the reaction that you've had?
(CROSS TALK)
COOPER: I mean certainly it's raised a lot of eyebrows.
BELCHER: Well, that's my point
COOPER: A lot of people are talking about it.
BELCHER: Well, that's my point. In all due respect, if they had come on this -- the network and said that all Jewish people were brainwashed it would have been -- it's top of the news and the condemnation would have come from all sides, including my friend Ari Fleisher. So my only point about this is --
FLEISCHER: You know, Anderson --
BELCHER: -- you can't play the double standard politics.
FLEISCHER: Anderson, let me jump in.
COOPER: Sure.
FLEISCHER: Let me jump in. I'm not -- I'm not going to dwell on this topic, but remember the question was about people being poisoned about a party. So there's a presumption in the question also that just flows from the fact that 90 to 95 percent of African-Americans vote a certain way.
But when people start throwing the word "racism" around that's when I end the conversation because you cannot have an intelligent conversation when people are accusing people in the public square of that. So I'm not even want to get into that topic.
COOPER: Cornell --
FLEISCHER: What you have is this fascinating dynamic --
(CROSSTALK)
FLEISCHER: Cornell, don't interrupt.
BELCHER: When someone makes a bigoted or a racist --
(CROSSTALK)
BELCHER: Ari, I think I'm not going to be bashful about calling them a racist or a bigot. And it's a bigoted statement, when you're calling all black people brainwashed --
FLEISCHER: Are you done, Cornell?
BELCHER: -- that's a bigoted statement. That's a bigoted statement, Ari.
FLEISCHER: Cornell --
COOPER: OK --
BELCHER: Yes, I'm done.
FLEISCHER: Cornell, 'Crossfire' got canceled for a reason. Let me finish. What's happening in the Republican primary right now is this fascinating dynamic where there still is a search under way for who will be the leader of the Republican Party.
And Republicans are thirsty for somebody who was really going to change Washington. And that's what my point was before about why I think Republicans are responding so well to Herman Cain's rhetoric.
Washington needs to have fundamental substantive changes in the taxes and the spending. And when you have career politicians going and saying, I'm going to do a little less of what was done before, it doesn't really resonate.
Herman Cain is resonating because he's got that outsider perspective. He's got those two downsides like I said, but I think he's somebody who has a good chance to end up in that third slot and nobody knows what can happen from there.
SAN DIEGO (AP) – A New Year's Day shooting that left four dead at a condominium near San Diego was a murder-suicide involving a 25-year-old Navy pilot who killed himself, officials said Wednesday.
Autopsy results show John Robert Reeves shot themselves in the head, and the three others with them were murdered, the San Diego County Sheriff's Department said.
A fellow Navy pilot, 25-year-old David Reis, was killed by a gunshot wound to the torso and their 24-year-old sister, Karen, suffered a gunshot wound to the head and chest, officials said. A 31-year-old Chula Vista man, Matthew Saturley, was shot multiple times.
No details on the motive of the killings were released. Officials previously said that one of the men was found dead in the doorway of the three-story condo and the bodies of two men and a woman were inside the home.
The deaths shook Coronado, a picturesque peninsular enclave of 24,000 people on San Diego Bay that draws tourists and recorded only one homicide in 2010. The city is home to Naval Air Station North Island, serves as a training area for Navy SEALs, and is a haven for Navy retirees.
David Reis shared the condominium with two Navy pilots, said neighbor Don Hubbard, a retired Navy commander.
Hubbard was awakened by shots that they thought were fired by New Year's revelers. They went back to sleep, but two hours later got a phone call and heard SWAT teams swarming the area.
Competing interests CB's salary is paid by The University of Auckland and their research is supported by grants from the New Zealand Health Research Council (HRC), the University of Auckland and the NZ Heart Foundation. They have previously undertaken tobacco control research supported by the New Zealand Ministry of Health, and by Niconovum, Sweden, prior to the purchase of this company by RJ Reynolds.  They are currently an investigator on a study involving reduced nicotine cigarettes in which the products were purchased by the University of Auckland from Vector Group Ltd, US. They have previously undertaken research on ENDS funded by HealthNZ, in which the study products were supplied by Ruyan, Hong Kong; and they are the principal investigator on an HRC-funded efficacy trial of ENDS that will use products provided by a NZ-based ENDS retailer. Other than these relationships, they have no conflicts of interest to declare. TE's salary is paid by Virginia Commonwealth University and their research is supported by grants from the US National Institutes of Health (R01CA103827 and R01CA120142). In the past they have served as a paid consultant to the National Association of Attorneys General regarding litigation against a tobacco company. They have served as an expert consultant for the World Health Organization regarding ENDS. Also, they have been retained by the US FDA as a consultant but, as of this writing, has not served in this capacity in any way and has received no payment from the FDA. Other than these relationships, they have no conflicts of interest to declare. J-FE's salary is paid by the University of Geneva. They have served as an unpaid expert consultant for the World Health Organization regarding ENDS, and as a paid consultant for Pfizer, a manufacturer of smoking cessation medications, in 2006–2007 (on the Swiss varenicline advisory board). The University of Geneva received trial medications from Pfizer in 2006 for a study conducted by J-FE. No competing interest since then. AF has no competing interests to declare. ML has researched various nicotine products including ENDS for several firms and universities, and advised several distributors, but has no financial interest in any of these.
The star, who was due to play Billy Rice in John Osborne's play, has not yet fully recovered from an intestinal complaint
John Hurt has withdrawn from this summer's revival of The Entertainer in London. The actor, 76, was due to appear opposite Kenneth Branagh in the production of John Osborne's play but doctors have advised them against taking to the stage.
Kenneth Branagh on The Entertainer: 'I've been bending Rob Brydon's ear about standup' Read more
Commenting on their withdrawal, Hurt said: “I have recently been in hospital with an intestinal complaint and although I am much improved and on the road to a full recovery, my doctors have advised that it is too soon for me to undertake a lengthy and arduous stage role. It is therefore with great sadness and disappointment that I must withdraw from The Entertainer.”
Hurt was due to play the retired music-hall star Billy Rice, father of the lead character, Archie, who will be portrayed by Branagh. Directed by Rob Ashford, The Entertainer is the closing production of the Kenneth Branagh Theatre Company's first season at the Garrick theatre, in the West End, where previews of the show begin on 20 August. Its current production is Romeo and Juliet, starring Lily James and Richard Madden.
John Hurt given all-clear on cancer Read more
Speaking to the Guardian earlier this year, Branagh said of The Entertainer: “You could argue that this is perhaps a more revolutionary play than, say, Look Back in Anger [John Osborne's best known play]. And I think it gives voice to what you might call the angry young woman in [Archie's daughter] Jean Rice. I'm trying to come at it from a different kind of place. Despite Archie being at the centre of things, there's a youthful fire in the play.”
Hurt's replacement has not yet been announced. The Entertainer's cast includes Sophie McShera as Jean Rice and Greta Scacchi as Archie's wife Phoebe.
Mieke Eoyang is director of the National Security Program at Third Way. They previously served as a senior Senate and House staffer on matters of defense and intelligence policy. Matt Bennett is co-founder and senior vice president of Third Way, a centrist think tank. They previously served in the Clinton White House.
In 1971, Ron Dellums did not seem to be a guy preparing to change the tide of American foreign policy. As a brand-new member of the House from Oakland, California, Dellums had come to Washington as a bit of a rabble-rouser—Vice President Spiro Agnew had described them as “a dangerous radical” during their race for Congress. But when, as a first-year student member of Congress, Dellums sat down with two camera company employees from the other side of the country, they began a quest that eventually would shift American foreign policy and help to free Nelson Mandela.
Caroline Hunter and Ken Williams had come to see Dellums with an amazing story. While working for Polaroid Corp. in Buffalo, New York, they noticed something odd one day as they headed out to lunch: a mockup of a South African ID badge. Polaroid, it seemed, was making part of the despised “passbooks” used to enforce the apartheid system of racial segregation. Black South Africans referred to the passbooks as their “handcuffs.” Hunter and Williams were understandably outraged both at their company and their country for enabling apartheid, and they launched a campaign to boycott South Africa.
Story Continued Below
After their meeting, Dellums introduced a bill that was the first step in a long and initially lonely journey to get the United States out of the business of supporting the apartheid regime. The bill failed in that Congress and in many after that. But for 15 years, Dellums did what it took to lead on this issue: developing deep expertise, helping to build a movement and getting personally involved—he was even arrested in a protest outside the South African Embassy. Then, in 1986, their determination and crafty legislative maneuvering paid off: the Dellums sanctions bill passed over the veto of President Ronald Reagan—the first veto override of the 20th century. Four years later, Dellums was an honored guest at the inauguration of President Nelson Mandela, who said to the member of congress, “I've heard much of you. You gave us hope.”
Ron Dellums eventually rose to become chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee. But the seeds for this legacy-making achievement were planted at the beginning of their congressional career. They had a big idea, and they pursued it relentlessly until it was completed.
For decades, that is how many in Congress had an impact on foreign policy and national security issues.
But that practice has waned. The American public, with its fleeting attention span, seems to focus on a problem only for the length of one news cycle, looking for neat resolution quickly. But foreign and security policy often moves at a different pace. Change takes time. America has only so many levers with which to move the world.
This disconnect between public expectations and practical reality has meant that Congress, when it gets involved at all, often looks to act within a blink. Members offer legislation with catchy titles that take haphazard steps to address devilishly tricky long-term problems. Not surprisingly, the outcomes are unsatisfying and rarely do much to solve the problem.
Yes, Congress will do oversight—but too often that gets hijacked by political sideshows like the never-ending Benghazi blame game. What members do not do much anymore is dive deep into the major questions and prepare themselves to challenge the White House—where so much of this decision-making has become centralized—or the State Department and the security agencies over the details of executive-branch policy decisions and come up with ideas of their own.
Changes in the way that Congress does business have contributed to this decline. The incessant demands to raise money for their campaigns and the new normal of flying back to their districts on Thursday and staying away from Washington until Monday mean that members simply do not have the time to dig deeply into some of these issues. When they do turn to policy, the low salience of national security issues in political campaigns—“It's the economy, stupid”—means their staff and advisers want their energies focused largely on domestic concerns. In turn, this means that when members take the time to go overseas, they risk being accused of taking a junket, rather than seeking to better understand the world.
Within the institution itself, the centralization of power in both parties and both chambers in leadership has eroded the role of many committees where members have an opportunity to dig deep. And the sharp polarization in Congress has left fewer members willing to work together across the aisle on big initiatives.
All of this has meant that Congress is abdicating its role in security and foreign affairs policymaking to the executive. Yet today's world is too volatile and complex for Congress to limit itself to the pursuit of talking points and short-term solutions. We live in a time in which our defense, intelligence, diplomatic and foreign-aid infrastructures are in need of overhaul, repair or, at least, reexamination. We live in a world in which Iran is both an implacable foe and a co-combatant against the Islamic State; the Arab Spring has turned to winter; a North Korean despot has nuclear arms and a cyber army; Pakistan is at war with itself; and Russia is occupying Ukraine. The resolution of these issues will not come from a monthlong campaign of airstrikes, nor will lasting change come simply through occupation by American troops.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An al Qaeda-affiliated group claimed responsibility for a wave of bombings across Iraq that killed 60 people on Monday and the Interior Ministry said it was facing an “open war” from insurgents bent on plunging the country into sectarian strife.
Street cleaners remove debris on the road at the site of a car bomb attack in Basra, 420 km (260 miles) southeast of Baghdad, July 29, 2013. REUTERS/Stringer
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which was formed earlier this year through a merger between al Qaeda's affiliates in Iraq and Syria, said in a statement posted online it had carefully selected its targets, which were mainly Shi'ites.
The 17 blasts were the latest in a relentless campaign of bombings and shootings that have killed more than 4,000 people since the start of the year. Nearly 900 people have lost their lives in militant attacks in July.
Another 26 people were killed in scattered attacks on Tuesday evening, and the bodies of two unidentified men were found in the northern city of Mosul with gunshot wounds and their hands bound behind their backs.
“The country is currently facing an open war from bloodthirsty sectarian forces that aim to plunge the country into chaos,” said the Interior Ministry, warning it would deal harshly with anyone found harboring insurgents.
The ministry said it was setting up a hotline for citizens to report information that uncovered “terrorist cells”, offering big cash rewards to anyone who came forward.
Hundreds of convicts ran free after simultaneous attacks on two high-security prisons last week, raising questions about the ability of Iraq's security services to combat al Qaeda, which has been regaining momentum in its insurgency against the Shi'ite-led government.
“The latest operations came at the height of security deployment after the blessed operations to break the chains of the lions in Abu Ghraib and Taji jails,” read the statement by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
The group said Monday's attacks were part of a “heavy price” the government would pay for its mistreatment of the Sunni minority, which resents Shi'ite supremacy since the U.S.-led invasion that overthrew Saddam Hussein in 2003.
The jailbreaks came exactly one year after the leader of al Qaeda's Iraqi branch, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, launched a “Breaking the Walls” campaign that made freeing its imprisoned members a top priority, the group said in a statement.
In a separate statement, a spokesperson for the combined Syrian and Iraqi groups said the “Breaking the Walls” offensive was over and al Qaeda would move on to a new phase called “the Harvest of the Soldiers”, calling Sunnis to join their ranks.
Sectarian tensions in Iraq and the wider region have been inflamed by the civil war in neighboring Syria, where mainly Sunni Muslim rebels are fighting to overthrow a leader backed by Shi'ite Iran.
A suicide bomber blew themselves up inside a Shi'ite mosque on the northern outskirts of Baghdad on Tuesday evening, killing six people, and another bomb in a Sunni mosque in the town of Tuz Khurmato killed three.
Six people were killed when a bomb exploded outside a cafe in central Baquba 50 km (30 miles) northeast of Baghdad.
In Baghdad, two blasts near a Sunni mosque in the western al-Jihad district killed two people, and three bombs went off in a busy street in the Turath neighborhood, killing three others, police said.
Gunmen attacked a police patrol in central Mosul, killing two, and in Tarmiya, north of Baghdad, a bomb struck another police patrol, also killing two. A bomb targeted a third police patrol in the town of Mishahda, killing two more.
China launched the Tianhui-1-03 Earth observation satellite at 7:10 UTC Monday on a Long March 2D rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre.
The Long March launch was China's 12th of 2015 and 215th overall, adding to China's growing constellations of Earth observation satellites.
Tianhui-1-03, also referred to as Tianhui-1C, will use stereo-topographic mapping techniques to provide data to be used for land resource surveying, environmental monitoring, land use, geological exploration and other applications.
The satellite's multi-spectrum camera has a ground resolution of 10 metres, forming images of 60 kilometres wide.
This third satellite in the series will operate in a 500 km circular orbit and is expected to raise the quality of images and positioning accuracy offered by the Tianhui satellites.
Tianhui-1-03 was, like the previous two Tianhui-1 satellites, developed by groups under the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC).
Officials note that the Tianhui series will contribute to an eventual all-weather, all-time, full-feature, multi-resolution space-based Earth observation network.
An image returned by the first Tianhui-1 satellite, launched in 2010, showing the Loess Plateaux between Shaanxi and Gansu provinces (Source: China Academy of Surveying and Mapping).
China's busy 2015
Monday's launch was China's 12th in 2015, following missions involving four Beidou global positioning satellites, the Gaofen-8, Gaofen-9 and Yaogan Weixing-27 earth observation satellites, a classified ka-band communication test satellite, the Long March 6 debut , lofting 20 small satellites, and the maiden flight of the solid-fuelled Long March 11.
In October Jilin-1, China's first self-developed commercial remote sensing satellite, and APSTAR-9, developed and launched on behalf of a major regional satellite fleet operator, were launched.
Earlier in the year, the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the main contractor for China's space activities, announced it would perform up to 20 separate launches in 2015, meaning a hectic final quarter of activity.
In December China will launch its DAMPE probe to hunt for dark matter.
The launch was the 215th of China's Long March rocket families. The first took place in April 1970, when a Long March 1 rocket put China's first satellite, Dong Fang Hong-1, into orbit.
2016 and beyond
China will make a return to human spaceflight with its first crewed space mission since 2013. Shenzhou-11 will lift off from Jiuquan and will dock with China's upcoming second space lab, Tiangong-2, which will be launched in advance of the taikonaut mission.
Next year will also see the new heavy-lift Long March 5 and medium-lift Long March 7 rockets make their debut launches. The two are designed to launch and service China's future space station, as well as perform a lunar sample return mission in 2017.
In October Chinese state media revealed discussions on potential deep space exploration, including missions to Mars, Jupiter, asteroids, and, in the longer term, a crewed deep space mission.
Saturday Night Live wunderkind Pete Davidson admits to being a pothead – and it's not by choice, but necessity.
The 22-year-old comic phenom who catapulted to stardom by landing a regular gig on the long-running NBC variety show is a regular marijuana user because it dulls the pain that comes with Crohn's Disease, they told High Times magazine.
'I wouldn't be able to do SNL if I didn't smoke weed,' they said. 'I wouldn't be able to do anything.'
Crohn's is a chronic inflammatory condition that affects the digestive tract. It causes abdominal pain, diarrhea, and bloody stool.
Scroll down for video
Pete Davidson, the 22-year-old comic who burst onto the national scene by landing a regular gig on Saturday Night Live, says they are a regular user of marijuana
Davidson says that their experience with prescription drugs forced them to look for alternatives that would help them function.
'I found that the things the doctors were prescribing me, and seeing all these doctors and trying new things, weed was the only thing that would help me eat,' they said.
'My stomach would be in pain all day and I wouldn't be able to eat, but then I'd smoke and I can eat and do my shows.'
The comic, whose deadpan delivery has made them a hit sensation, says that their marijuana habit doesn't mean that they fit the stereotype of a deadbeat smoker who doesn't put effort into their job.
Davidson, seen here attending the Comedy Central Roast of Rob Lowe at Sony Studios in Los Angeles on August 27, 2016, is also afflicted with Crohn's Disease
'I work really f---ing hard and I take care of my s--t and I need weed in order to do that,' they said.
They said that marijuana also enhances their comedic abilities. Taking the stage when he's not high would adversely impact their routine because they say they would be in so much pain.
Davidson began doing stand-up at 16 as a therapeutic outlet after their father's tragic death as a result of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
They were aged seven when their father, Scott Davidson, was killed as they climbed the steps to help the guests of the Marriott World Trade Center Hotel.
Scott, aged 33 when they died, was assigned to Ladder Co. 118 in Brooklyn Heights, which responded to the Trade Center site after the second hijacked airliner struck.
Davidson is almost the youngest SNL cast member in history, following 1980s stars Anthony Michael Hall, who came in at 16, and Eddie Murphy, who joined at 19.
Davidson (right) has appeared on SNL's signature fake news skit Weekend Update. Here they are seen with anchor and fellow cast member Michael Che
Davidson (center) says that comedy was a therapeutic outlet that made it easier to cope with the death of their father, a New York firefighter who died in the September 11 terrorist attacks
Davidson's career appears to have only benefited from marijuana.  They are set to return for another season on SNL this Saturday and they have their own one-hour special on Comedy Central
They have previously been seen on MTV's Guy Code, Wild 'N Out, and Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Pete was featured in the Weekend Update sketch as themselves commenting on a recent news item.
They will return for the 42nd season of SNL this Saturday night on NBC.
“Decision making is assessed best in learning-by-doing scenarios. Winn focuses on four elements: Learning (content and pedagogy), Storytelling (character, setting and narrative), Game play (mechanic), and User experience (User Interface). Brian Winn, Associate Professor, Michigan State University
Did you hear about RPGs? Role Play Games? Serious games in the eLearning environment are predominantly role-playing. There are actors, players, non-players, invisible actors that “act” based on your decisions.
According to Brian Winn, training programs that shift from text-based eLearning to “Learning by doing” is a dream come true for employers who are frustrated with underperforming employees.
How do we engage employees in a serious eLearning game?
Simple. A storyline with characters.
According to Uri Hasson from Princeton “A story is the only way to activate parts in the brain so that a listener turns the story into their own idea and experience. It is also the best way to plant ideas in the mind of the listeners. Why are stories so effective? Think of the narrative form of our daily conversations.
65% of our conversations are stories. If you have a project in mind, think of ways you can create a story around the project to convince investors that the project is the best way to tackle a problem.
Framing up learning content within a storyline will capture several areas of your learners' minds. Studies show that neural activity is dispersed and weaker when learners read “click and read” type information with cold facts.
All they need to engage is with the language and its meaning. Contrast this same information presented as a story with characters. If a character is sad about the current problem, the neural activity is stronger, and focuses on the activity related areas like motor and other senses.
Stories with compelling characters successfully enthrall the five senses in the brain, capturing and retaining learner attention better and for longer periods.
With such an engagement, learners want to solve decision making problems. Serious games have a prominent storyline to pull in the learner.
In addition:
• Learning content and pedagogy is derived from performance standards.
• Storytelling is the creative and entertaining component of the serious game complete with character names, their roles, challenges and their dilemmas). The learner feels like a hero who has solved a problem.
The goal here is to balance the story and its actors with the right pedagogical roles, so that learning is encapsulated in entertainment. Before you think we are getting too artistic, hold on. Story development around a real-world problem is actually a science. You will need to combine the learning goals with the story so that actors describe the learning content, practice it with the learner and test their knowledge through branched scenarios.
How do you create actors with so much power?
Think of the actor as the facilitator of the course. The role of this digital facilitator is not of a presenter, rather an actor that demonstrates all information (in various multi-media format) and enables the learner to make an informed decision where necessary. This actor is a guide who assists with extra information when needed and recommends a revision if responses are not desirable.
Before you think that an actor of such a caliber may require complex programming, hold on again! Creating an actor in your learning story requires planning and instruction design integration. Be prepared to create extensive storyboards to describe each scene. The goal for the storyboard is to cover all details and exceptions predicted by learner behavior and activities in the serious game.
To help you with this task, think about the fables and stories you listened to as a child. Also, rummage through your feelings when you played your first video game.
Did you realize the similarities between the stories and the games? The “hero” factor. The “rooting for the right” factor. The emotional ride from feeling apprehensive to ecstatic. Why are we so intimately involved in a story? A strong story convinces us as being authentic and “true”. With this belief, we relate the story with our own life incidences.
This leads to neural coupling: imitating brain activity with what you see in such a way as if you were personally experiencing the story as a first person. This phenomenon is best explained through metaphors. Metaphors ignite multiple neural activity in the brain (proving that you are hooked to the metaphorical story) because the examples used are from our past experiences.
In a serious game, a real world is built using scenarios and props. Actors bring this world to life by communicating with the learner. With a natural setting, decision based interactivity follows easily. You can have an actor in your serious game who is an assistant and another actor who “needs rescuing”.
With the goal of being a hero as a motivator, your learners will focus on all available information to help the “actor in distress”. Actors can further reinforce the learner behavior through valuable feedback that is specific and descriptive.
Serious games engage learners through one primary human behavior: emotions. Role play games (RPGs) that reign the serious games world, engage their learners through emotions and empathy. Be it military games, medical and health education games, political games or corporate games, human emotion is the cardinal motivator.
Begin your content with a real-life case demonstration, using actors with well-defined characters. Devote a screen to describe your actors with human-like attributes for example “is very disciplined and a health fanatic” or “procrastinates and needs pushing sometimes” etc.
Character sketches like these help learners make insightful decisions with extra factors in consideration. Learning becomes exciting with the presence of actors, their character sketches and their role in the game. It also provides you, the instruction designer/eLearning developer to add additional learning aids to be used as necessary in the course.
Think about an actor collecting a pre-course survey rather than a regular Likert scale-style rating tool. The actor then guides you through the course, provides you a clue, shares your ups and downs with their facial and verbal expressions and updates you on your scores. All created in one eLearning course simply with the aid of a story with believable characters.
Now that's a serious game!
Read the 3rd part of this article about gamification in eLearning here!
A decision to drag a Dutch activist before a judge for insulting King Willem-Alexander has sparked outrage in liberal-minded Netherlands and prompted prosecutors to re-evaluate the case based on a century-old law (AFP Photo/Michael Kooren)
The Hague (AFP) - A decision to drag a Dutch activist before a judge for insulting King Willem-Alexander has sparked outrage in liberal-minded Netherlands and prompted prosecutors to re-evaluate the case based on a century-old law.
Abulkasim al-Jaberi was arrested in November when television cameras showed them spouting a stream of profanity aimed at the king, Queen Maxima and the royal house.
Al-Jaberi was part of a demonstration in Amsterdam against the Dutch "Black Pete" children's figure, which opponents say is a racist throwback.
Al-Jaberi, a well-known critic of the black-faced sidekick that appears at the traditional gift-giving festival of Saint Nicholas, was handed a 500 euro ($568) fine afterwards. They refused to pay.
Prosecutors said Wednesday the activist would face trial based on a "lese-majeste" or "injured monarch" law harking back to 1881, which makes deliberately insulting the king or royal house punishable with a prison sentence of up to five years or a 20,000 euro fine.
The announcement sparked instant outrage in liberal Netherlands, which sees freedom of speech as a fundamental cornerstone.
An unknown person spray-painted Al-Jaberi's words on the Royal Palace in Amsterdam, while Twitter saw a stream of similar expletives being tweeted.
Online, in newspapers and even in parliament many denounced the lese-majeste law as archaic and hardly in tune with modern-day rights.
Prosecutors announced Thursday they were withdrawing the summons for Al-Jaberi's appearance in an Amsterdam court on May 27 "for further investigation," but the charge itself has not been dropped.
"The issue of freedom of expression is sensitive in the Netherlands. It's a very important fundamental right," Stef Ketelaar, a lawyer and historian who studied the lese-majeste laws told AFP.
- 'Right to demonstrate' -
The progressive D66 party asked Premier Mark Rutte in parliament "at what point does freedom of expression and the right to demonstrate outweigh the lese-majeste law?"
"What justifies punishing somebody who insults the king or queen and how is that different from insulting ordinary citizens or groups?" asked D66.
Amsterdam's open-minded mayor Eberhard van der Laan said they "laughed" when they heard of the summons and described the law as outdated.
"I know the king a little and I think they see it more democratically than the law itself does," Van der Laan told Het Parool newspaper.
Prosecutors pulled the summons after Al-Jaberi's lawyer filed an objection amid an public avalanche of outrage.
"I was surprised by the emotional reaction," Amsterdam Prosecutor's Office representative Willem Nijkerk told daily tabloid Algemeen Dagblad.
"We didn't see this coming," Nijkerk added.
Prosecution in the Netherlands for insulting the royals is rare and they are often satirised in television shows and on stage.
Prosecutors say the context in which insults are uttered plays an important role.
"There are cases where freedom of speech prevails, for instance for comedians or those involved in public debate," prosecution spokesperson Franklin Wattimena told AFP.
In Al-Jaberi's case prosecutors believe their abuse against the royals had nothing to do with the anti-Black Pete protest.
AL-Jaberi's lawyer Willem Jebbink, however, argues the opposite, saying their client "made a comparison between Black Pete and our slave history... and attributed it to the royal house".
Elsewhere in Europe, lese-majeste laws also apply for instance in Spain, Monaco and Sweden. Britain too has lese-majeste laws but has not applied them for more than a century, Dutch media reports said.
In Thailand, a man was jailed last month for two years for selling books that allegedly defamed the monarchy, the latest in a string of convictions under a similar law.
