The halls of Congress were filled with defense lobbyists last spring trying to convince the Republican majorities to lift the budget cap on the Department of Defense.
Companies such as Boeing, General Electric, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin and many others ramped up their spending on lobbying, increasing their budgets by 25% in an effort to push Congress into giving the Pentagon more money in the coming years. The Center for Public Integrity reported that “an army of more than 400 lobbyists” invaded Capitol Hill to urge increased spending on military hardware.
The center said total lobbying expenditures by the 53 top defense contractors was up to $58.5 million during the second quarter of this year, compared to $45.7 million during the same period in 2014.
Boeing and General Electric bumped their budgets the most among the 15 defense contractors who spent $1 million or more, according to the center. General Electric's lobbying budget went from $2.8 million to almost $8.5 million, while Boeing's more than doubled from almost $4.2 million to $9.3 million.
“General Dynamics paid for 74 lobbyists, more than any other contractor, for example, and 70 of these lobbied on defense, part of its $2.7 million lobbying tab,” Alexander Cohen wrote at the Center for Public Integrity. “Lockheed Martin Corp., the world's largest defense contractor, spent $3.5 million and enlisted 64 lobbyists to press government officials, including 56 who lobbied on defense as well as other issues.”
Defense contractors are upset that the Pentagon's budget was only $496 billion in fiscal year 2015, down from $528.2 billion in 2011. The decline was mandated by budget controls approved by Congress during the push to cut government spending.
Had it not been for the budget controls, the Pentagon budget was expected to reach $598 billion by now.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Top Defense Contractors Spend Millions to get Billions (by Alexander Cohen, Center for Public Integrity)
Defense Firms Expect Increased Spending from Republicans as Republicans Decry Increased Spending (by Lee Fang, The Intercept)
Top 100 for 2015 (DefenseNews)
Defense Contractors Whine about Bill Limiting Executive Pay and Helping Small Businesses (by Noel Brinkerhoff and David Wallechinsky, AllGov)
Is Money Wasted on Nuclear Weapons being Driven by Lobbyists? (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
6. Nevertheless, awkwardness often goes gracefully hand in hand with giftedness and what Ellen Winner, a psychology professor at Boston College, dramatically calls “the rage to master” — a frequent concomitant of giftedness. And that's why, according to Tashiro, awkwardness can be “awesome.”
Winner is probably primus inter pares of the scholars cited by Tashiro. As with much pop psychology, the 50 or so sections of “Awkward” agglomerate the findings of dozens of academic studies to support the book's ideas. This is meant to infuse the aroma of scholarship and, more important these days, to datify the book's claims in an effort to render human interactions as objective, measurable phenomena.
In fact, “Awkward” sort of succeeds that way once it stops re-establishing the obvious. Although nothing cited here approaches the social science drama of, say, the literally shocking Stanley Milgram experiment (in which participants were encouraged to zap their peers) or Philip Zimbardo's famous “prison” study (during which ordinary people, arbitrarily labelled prisoners and guards, turned vicious), “Awkward” contains many useful and resonant observations about everyday interactions: the surprising social skills that often accompany bullying, for instance, or the unconscious scorecards we keep to numerically rank our positive and negative encounters with people we know.
And there is a further, more important virtue of “Awkward,” which becomes clear when it's compared with another new and somewhat similarly social-scientific interpersonal-relations treatise, with another loose-limbed title that tries too hard to be casual: Alan Alda's “If I Understood You, Would I Have This Look on My Face?”
Alda — the actor, director, screenwriter, host of “Scientific American Frontiers” on PBS, author of two best-selling memoirs, founder of the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science at Stony Brook University, etc. — here spells out their efforts to help scientists explain their work to laypeople through the methods used in improvisational theater and other techniques. These include consciously mirroring the expressions of people speaking to us (something most of us do unconsciously all the time), as well as storytelling, practicing empathy and so on.
Like Tashiro, Alda cites the results of many academic psychological experiments to support their claims. And like Tashiro, they know how to exemplify their ideas — here, for example, they discuss the dark side of empathy as employed by the great boxer Bernard Hopkins: “He won matches not so much by knocking heads as by reading minds. Like a good communicator, they could read the body language of an opponent and know what they were thinking. They were able to attack an opponent's strategy even before they had to attack their person.”
Alda also deadens their pan nicely in many places: “A survey of 2,000 people in England,” they write, “found that four out of 10 people have been injured opening packages. In one case … the new purchase was a pair of scissors.”
Image copyright Police handout Image caption Cody-Anne Jackson killed Macey and then tried to take their own life, the court heard
A mother who sent a "last photo" of their two-year-old daughter to their ex-partner shortly before they killed them has admitted murder.
Cody-Anne Jackson, 20, changed their plea to guilty after Stafford Crown Court heard evidence about how their daughter, Macey Hogan, may have died.
Macey was smothered to death in 2016, shortly before Jackson called 999 and then tried to kill herself.
The jury heard Jackson told paramedics they had been stabbed.
Jackson resented Macey's father following the breakdown of their relationship and sent them a photo of the toddler along with the message "Sorry, just thought you deserved one last picture and memory of her", the trial heard.
The 20-year-old, of Packett Street, Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent, claimed they had woken up on 10 October 2016 to find their daughter lifeless next to them between two pillows, police said.
Image caption Macey died at their home last October
Jurors heard they called paramedics to report that their daughter was not breathing.
More updates on this and other stories in Staffordshire
Forensic pathologist Dr Alexander Kolar said the exact cause of Macey's death had not been defined.
It was impossible to give an exact time of death, they said, but evidence pointed to it being at least 30 minutes before the emergency services arrived.
Prosecutor Jonas Hankin QC said a suicide note written by Jackson, who had a history of self harm, was found at the house.
They were seen by a doctor who confirmed they had three superficial stab wounds but no significant injuries.
"The prosecution case is the defendant deliberately smothered Macey," they said,
Image caption Toys and flowers were left outside the home in Packett Street
"The defendant acted on their stated intention to kill Macey but failed to follow through with their suicide. It is that simple."
Det Insp Dan Ison, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We welcome this guilty plea, albeit during the trial, but nothing can ever replace Macey.
"This incident resulted in the dreadful loss of a two-year-old girl who is dearly missed."
Jackson will be sentenced on 27 July.
Usually, when Facebook releases a privacy update, the news ranges from confusing to upsetting. Remember the gigantic social experiment in which Facebook covertly manipulated hundreds of thousands of News Feeds? But this time, Facebook is putting the power in your hands — and protecting you from government spying.
With a new encryption option announced Monday, Facebook will allow users to opt in for encrypted PGP ("Pretty Good Privacy") messages from the social network, meaning government agencies won't be able to read password-reset emails or any other sensitive information Facebook sends to your inbox.
"It's very important to us that the people who use Facebook feel safe and can trust that their connection to Facebook is secure," the post read.
PGP encryption involves generating a random, lengthy key code, which can then be used to encrypt a message. It then shows up as a soup of letters and numbers until it's decrypted by the public code's private counterpart. (Lifehacker has a thorough tutorial on setting up PGP encryption.)
This is what a PGP-encrypted email looks like:
How do I add it to Facebook? If you already have a PGP code, setting up your public key on Facebook is easy. Just go into your own profile's About section, go to Contact and Basic Info and add a PGP public key.
Screen shot/Facebook If you see this box, you're in the right place.
This way, any email Facebook sends you will show up as a jumble of computer nonsense unless it's decrypted with the user's private PGP key, which should only be known by you.
Facebook uses Pretty Good Privacy, the most common email- and document-encryption program, because, according to a Spiegel story from 2014, is still too hard for the National Security Agency to crack.
This is just another step in Facebook's perpetual battle against government bodies bent on monitoring its users. In 2014, Facebook announced a step to create an anonymous browser option for users in nations with Internet censorship.
Companies allowing users to encrypt data isn't anything new. Apple already offers encryption on all of its devices to prove it values user privacy. In fact, PGP has been around since 1991. Given the vulnerability of Google, Yahoo and AT&T to government surveillance, Facebook's encrypted email might be the safest messages on your computer.
Things Accelerate Toward the End – Prophecy of Archbishop Fulton Sheen
“The final battle between the Lord and the reign of Satan will be about marriage and the family. Don't be afraid … because anyone who operates for the sanctity of marriage and the family will always be contended and opposed in every way, because this is the decisive issue … however, Our Lady has already crushed its head” (Sister Lucia, one of the seers of Fatima)
The Latin phrase, motus in fine velocior, is commonly used to indicate the faster passing of the time at the end of an historical period. I've heard it said that it means, “Things accelerate toward the end.” We are living through an historical hour which is not necessarily the end of times, but certainly could be marked as the end of an era. I wrote about the potential significance of the 100 years since Fatima, which could be the “100 years of Satan.” That 100 years concludes in 2017.
With the Supreme Court decision to redefine marriage (Which I've been calling our “Genesis 19 Moment“), along with many other events happening in the world, many wonder what kind of evil has been unleashed upon the world. Many of these events correspond to approved prophecies, most of which have been given in the past two centuries. Up until recent years, I was completely unaware of this prophecy attributed to Our Lady of Good Success, but many years prior to that, I had been saying that “something happened … something erupted in the 1960s …”
“Thus I make it known to you that from the end of the 19th century and shortly after the middle of the 20th century…the passions will erupt and there will be a total corruption of morals… As for the Sacrament of Matrimony, which symbolizes the union of Christ with Their Church, it will be attacked and deeply profaned. Freemasonry, which will then be in power, will enact iniquitous laws with the aim of doing away with this Sacrament, making it easy for everyone to live in sin and encouraging procreation of illegitimate children born without the blessing of the Church … In this supreme moment of need for the Church, the one who should speak will fall silent.” -Our Lady of Good Success
“Shortly after the middle of the 20th century” … most certainly points to the infamous anti-authority, pro-hedonism 1960s, that ushered in unparalleled self-indulgence (the essence of the demonic) into our world. In the midst of this, our Church has not only suffered unprecedented losses in the sheer number of souls, but we are witnessing an epidemic of liturgical abuse and rampant sacrilege. In an article that speaks to this, I called this a “Stealth Arianism.” Many claims we very well could be in the throes of what is termed, “The Great Apostasy.”
Did Archbishop Fulton Sheen prophesy about the condition of (many parts of) our Church today?
“[Satan] will set up a counterchurch which will be the ape of the [Catholic] Church … It will have all the notes and characteristics of the Church, but in reverse and emptied of its divine content.” We are living in the days of the Apocalypse, the last days of our era. The two great forces – the Mystical Body of Christ and the Mystical Body of the anti-Christ – are beginning to draw battle lines for the catastrophic contest. The False prophet will have a religion without a cross. A religion without a world to come. A religion to destroy religions. There will be a counterfeit Church. Christ's Church the Catholic Church will be one; and the false Prophet will create the other. The False Church will be worldly, ecumenical, and global. It will be a loose federation of churches and religions, forming some type of global association. A world parliament of Churches. It will be emptied of all Divine content, it will be the mystical body of the anti-christ. The Mystical Body on earth today will have its Judas Iscariot, and they will be the false prophet. Satan will recruit them from our Bishops. The Antichrist will not be so called; otherwise they would have no followers. They will not wear red tights, nor vomit sulphur, nor carry a trident nor wave an arrowed tail as Mephistopheles in Faust. This masquerade has helped the Devil convince men that they do not exist. When no man recognizes, the more power they exercise. God has defined Himself as “I am Who am,” and the Devil as “I am who am not.” Nowhere in Sacred Scripture do we find warrant for the popular myth of the Devil as a buffoon who is dressed like the first “red.” Rather is they described as an angel fallen from heaven, as “the Prince of this world,” whose business it is to tell us that there is no other world. Their logic is simple: if there is no heaven there is no hell; if there is no hell, then there is no sin; if there is no sin, then there is no judge, and if there is no judgment then evil is good and good is evil. But above all these descriptions, Our Lord tells us that they will be so much like Himself that they would deceive even the elect–and certainly no devil ever seen in picture books could deceive even the elect. How will they come in this new age to win followers to their religion? The pre-Communist Russian belief is that they will come disguised as the Great Humanitarian; they will talk peace, prosperity and plenty not as means to lead us to God, but as ends in themselves … The third temptation in which Satan asked Christ to adore them and all the kingdoms of the world would be His, will become the temptation to have a new religion without a Cross, a liturgy without a world to come, a religion to destroy a religion, or a politics which is a religion–one that renders unto Caesar even the things that are God's. In the midst of all their seeming love for humanity and their glib talk of freedom and equality, they will have one great secret which they will tell to no one: they will not believe in God. Because their religion will be brotherhood without the fatherhood of God, they will deceive even the elect. They will set up a counterchurch which will be the ape of the Church, because he, the Devil, is the ape of God. It will have all the notes and characteristics of the Church, but in reverse and emptied of its divine content. It will be a mystical body of the Antichrist that will in all externals resemble the mystical body of Christ … But the twentieth century will join the counterchurch because it claims to be infallible when its visible head speaks ex cathedra from Moscow on the subject of economics and politics, and as chief shepherd of world communism. (Fulton J. Sheen, Communism and the Conscience of the West [Bobbs-Merril Company, Indianapolis, 1948], pp. 24-25)
What Can We Do?
We need to stand behind our General Patton in Their Eminence, Raymond Cardinal Burke. This is our Lepanto. In 1571, Pope St. Pius V called upon the world to turn back the forces looking to “deal the last blow.” Pope St. Pius V did two things. In our times, Cardinal Burke is following this model precisely:
1) Pope St. Pius V Formed a Holy League – In 1571, this Holy League was a collection of the remnant forces of Christianity who, miraculously, defeated a much larger force, looking to deal the last blow to Christianity, in the famous “Battle of Lepanto” on October 7, 1571. In our times, this is spiritual warfare. The devil is gaining immense ground with their forces of secularism within our Church. Or, as Archbishop Fulton Sheen puts it, a Church “emptied of its divine content.” We must reclaim the surrendered ground of the sacred … the supernatural. I wrote about this recently HERE. Archbishop Fulton Sheen believed this was the place in which we will win the war: “You will have to fight many battles, but do not worry because in the end you will win the war before the Blessed Sacrament,” and …
Neither theological knowledge nor social action alone is enough to keep us in love with Christ unless both are proceeded by a personal encounter with Him. Theological insights are gained not only from between two covers of a book, but from two bent knees before an altar. The HOLY HOUR becomes like an oxygen tank to revive the breath of the Holy Spirit in the midst of the foul and fetid atmosphere of the world.
Cardinal Burke is the Spiritual Head of an initiative to promote monthly Holy Hours of Adoration around the globe. This initiative is aptly entitled, The Holy League. Please go to the website, and join forces with Cardinal Burke to regain the surrendered ground of the Sacred.
2) Pope St. Pius V Called the World to Pray the Rosary – The Feast Of Our Lady of the Rosary actually commemorates the Battle of Lepanto on October 7, 1571. Pope St. Pius V had asked the world to pray the rosary, and when the Holy League won the miraculous battle, the saintly pope pointed to our Lady's intercession by proclaiming that day, October 7, The Feast of Our Lady of Victory, which was later named The Feast of Our Lady of the Rosary.
Cardinal Burke has called us all to join in prayer with the Novena for Our Nation:
“There is no doubt that our beloved nation is in one of the worst crises which it has ever experienced, a profound moral crisis which generates division on all levels and results in an ever-greater more pervasive violence and killing. For Roman Catholics, who have always been known for their faith-filled patriotism, the first response to this crisis is fervent prayer and, in particular, prayer through the intercession of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary, Mary Immaculate who is also the patroness of our nation. One of the most powerful prayers which is ours in the Church is, in fact, the Holy Rosary. I think, for instance, of the Battle of Lepanto and the victory which was won on October 7, 1571, over the Saracens who were bent on conquering Christian Europe. Let us now turn to the powerful prayer of the Holy Rosary, asking Mary Immaculate to intercede with Our Lord to bring healing to our nation and to inspire in their citizens the holiness of life which alone can transform our nation. I wholeheartedly endorse the Novena for Our Nation (Starting August 15) and the Rosary Rally on October 7th next, the 445th anniversary of the Battle of Lepanto. I urge as many as are able to participate in these great spiritual works for the sake of our entire nation.”
This is a nationwide prayer campaign called the “Novena for Our Nation.” Everyone from around the nation is encouraged to join ranks as, united, we pray the very powerful 54 Day Rosary Novena from the Feast of the Assumption on August 15 to the Feast of Our Lady of the Rosary on October 7.
Please go to this website (HERE) to join forces with thousands around our nation.
BE THE SPIRITUAL WARRIOR GOD IS CALLING YOU TO BE!!
The Syrian War Withdrawal Begins
Parker O'Brien Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 19, 2017
In the past month or so there have been growing signs that the Trump Administration wished to extricate itself from the Syrian civil war. Though some raised early concerns that Trump would escalate following their strike on the Syrian airbase, the administration was fairly adamant it didn't seek a wholescale intervention. Other signs ranged from a recent ceasefire plan to talks of ‘joint operations' with Russia against ISIS. Now the Washington Post reports that the CIA is ending its program to arm Syrian rebels. There has been a slow, but steady pull back in US efforts to undermine Assad.
The reality on the ground is that the Obama administration split the baby and left Trump with the cleanup. Caught up in the Arab Spring, Syria experienced mass demonstrations calling for democracy. After initial toleration, the protests were soon put down with force and the conflict, defined by its sectarian nature, escalated quickly. Rather than directly intervene or stand aside, the Obama administration began quietly arming the opposition, though the majority was through regional allies given an implicit nod of approval. The civil war turned hot and fomented chaos, leading to the rise and expansion of ISIS. Further US dithering and the Obama led withdrawal in Iraq allowed ISIS to conquer much of Western Iraq, including major cities such as Mosul, with very little resistance. As the Syrian dictator came under pressure, their allies intervened directly on their behalf. This came in the form of Iranian supported Hezbollah acting as ground troops and Russia's direct air support and arms sales. Russia's entry dramatically limited the ability for the US to slowly ratchet up pressure against Assad, eliminating such options as a ‘no fly zone.' However the fight with ISIS took center stage in the West, thanks in part to the organization's demonic propaganda. Belatedly begun by Obama and then ramped up dramatically under Trump, serious efforts have been made to dislodge ISIS from its strongholds. As progress has been made, the death toll has risen, and this has led to the question, what next?
The end result will likely be that a mass murdering dictator indebted to two US geopolitical adversaries, Russia and Iran, remains in power. With over half a million dead and millions more displaced, it is a complete and utter nightmare. Unfortunately there are few alternatives. A continued shadow intervention drawing out the civil war would lead to only more dead with little hope of success, whatever the definition of success is. An escalation would embroil the US in another war in the Middle East, this time including a potential conflict with a nuclear power in Russia. There are good arguments that Assad in power in a peaceful Syria is superior to Assad and their allies expending resources to fight a civil war. There are decent arguments of the reverse as well. However there are few arguments supporting the idea that a politically embattled president should directly involve the US in another ground war. Though likely not to please regional allies Israel and Saudi Arabia, this is looks to be in the US's best geopolitical interests. The threat to the US is not from Syria, but from its backers in Russia and Iran, which, I would argue, are less concerning than China and North Korea. The US cannot afford another costly ground war in the Middle East when the military needs to be focused on next age warfare rather than rooting out indigenous insurgencies. The cold truth is that sometimes the bad guys win. The lesson to be learned is that half measures sow chaos, see Libya, and full measures require decade long commitments of force, see Japan/Korea.
Follow me on Twitter @parks_dept
Ohio may finally be eliminating its limit on the potency of beer brewed and sold in the state.
The Ohio House of Representatives this afternoon passed House Bill 37 with a 79-7 vote. The bill, which would remove Ohio's 12% ABV limit on beer, passed in the state senate last week. Other proposals have been introduced to raise the limit to 15% or 21%, but HB-37 removes the maximum alcohol content of beer entirely.
The ABV cap elimination was amended to a bill that was originally introduced to allow the consumption of alcohol throughout certain markets – specifically, the North Market.
While most Ohio craft brewers state that they don't intend to start brewing a ton of 14-15% beers, which aren't very profitable, many have expressed that the loosened limit will allow them to breathe a little easier when brewing or barrel-aging stronger beers, for which the final ABV can be unpredictable. It will also allow popular beers above 12% from craft breweries around the country – which Ohio beer fans often obtain by driving to nearby states – to be sold in Ohio, keeping tax dollars in the state.
Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Pennsylvania have no restrictions on the alcoholic content of beer. West Virginia is the only state bordering Ohio that restricts how strong beer can be.
Under the legislation, beer above 12% ABV will need to be clearly marked as “high alcohol beer.”
The bill will now head to Governor Kasich, who will have the final decision on whether or not Ohio eliminates its ABV limit.
A mob late Tuesday torched a State Reserve Police's makeshift post and seven motorcycles belonging to SRP personnel deployed near an open plot at Morarji Chowk, a Muslim neighbourhood, where the Gujarat Housing Board (GHP) has proposed construction of affordable housing scheme.
Advertising
The incident took place around 11 pm when around 3,000 people gathered for namaz at a mosque near the plot, recently barricaded with metal sheets. According to police, violence erupted after SRP personnel stopped people from parking their vehicles on the plot.
Locals said police picked up more than 80 people after the violence and released most of them by Wednesday evening. A total of 28 people were named in an FIR, while 10 were arrested for attempt to murder, rioting, arson and loot among other charges.
[related-post]
WATCH | 5 States, 1 Script: Congress Leaders Do Not Listen
The local police inspector has been transferred and the case handed over to the Detection of Crime Branch (DCB).
The FIR stated that a 3,000-strong mob “in a pre-planned conspiracy” hurled bottles of petrol and burning rags on police personnel. “There was an attempt to burn police officers alive. Private vehicles of police officers were also burnt,” it said. The FIR stated that two containers, belonging to the private contractor, were also gutted.
Locals said tension was prevailing in the locality since construction work began on the plots several months ago and police officers were deployed to stop people from parking vehicles there. It was reported that some people tried to break the fencing, which led to violence.
Advertising
“The manner in which the incident occurred, we can say that there was a conspiracy behind it. We have arrested 10 people,” said DCP Deepan Bhadran.
In the past three weeks we have been overwhelmed with images of religious groups descending upon the island of Haiti, uniting religious solidarity and aid, most often in the name of Jesus Christ. From Pat Robertson's Operation Blessing distributing food and water in Port-Au-Prince to Christian Scientists working side by side with US doctors in the many makeshift hospitals that now dot the capital, to the dramatic arrest of ten Southern Baptist Missionaries accused of kidnapping, these images beg the question of the connection between aid and evangelization. And, perhaps more harshly, these incidents force us to wonder if the “good” these groups bring is outweighed by the manner in which their ignorance is a destructive force in the global South.
The current North American missionary wave—often in the guise of aid—is not new to the Caribbean and Latin America. The twentieth century is marked particularly by the increased presence of Protestant denominations in traditionally Roman Catholic countries. Haiti is no exception. These North American missionary groups, both Roman Catholic and Protestant, bring US cultural Christian values, along with their food, medicine, textbooks, and able hands ready to build schools, clinics, and homes for the poor. Ultimately they impose a worldview upon populations, remaining blissfully unaware of the cultural, historical, and religious intricacies of the countries they visit.
Theological Tourism
In addition to the traditional missionary formula, there has been an increase in the past decade of what are known as “immersion trips,” yet another form of Christian imperialism (otherwise known as theological tourism) south of the Rio Grande. Universities and churches assemble groups of eager participants to descend upon countries full of poor people that need the help and money the United States provides. Participants “immerse” themselves in the concrete lives of poor people, feeling that after a week (!) of living alongside a community they understand and know what is best for these poor populations.
For two years I lived in San Lucas Tolimán, a predominantly Mayan town in the Highlands of Guatemala. For those years I volunteered at the Roman Catholic Mission and its various outreach projects to the local Mayan community. Spearheaded by Fr. Greg Schaffer, a Minnesotan Roman Catholic priest who has spent close to fifty years living in and struggling with the community, the vision underlying the Mission is the empowerment of the local Mayan community. Projects such as Fair Trade coffee, land redistribution, education, health care, and reforestation dominate the Mission's work, which is led by a collective of local Mayan leaders. In addition, there is an extensive volunteer program for groups and individuals from the United States whose ultimate goal is cultivating global solidarity. My husband, a native of San Lucas who was head of the groups and volunteers for five years, handled the two to three thousand North Americans that came from churches and schools across the United States in order to provide financial and physical aid to the Mission's projects.
I met my husband when I descended upon San Lucas as the faculty leader of an eager group of undergraduates who, fueled by the mission of our Jesuit University and the readings of Latin American liberation theology I had given them, were ready to save the poor. Years later, when I lived in San Lucas and served as a quasi-host for similar groups, I cringed at their comments about “the happy poor” who smiled in spite of their suffering, the candy they would give toothless children whose families could not afford toothpaste, and who often declared that all Guatemala needed was some American motivation and technology to move ahead. I would also constantly remind smug North Americans that while the aid they brought was significant, the money they spent on their trip to “experience” the poor could have fed a family of ten in this local community.
I do not want to devalue the importance of these trips or the need to cultivate global solidarity. I also do not want to question the good intentions of the thousands of individuals whom I met over the years. Without the commitment and money of individuals from the United States the Mission could never have built homes for thousands of families, supported close to thirty schools, or created an infrastructure in this community. And yet the smugness with which some leave San Lucas, that self-satisfaction of “making a difference,” is like a thorn in my side—for what we all have come to know is that such immersion experiences affect the visitor much more than the resident who is left behind.
Mini-Messiahs
I am bringing a group of eager undergrads to San Lucas next month. Clearly I see the value of these trips. Yet I am bringing a group who has studied Guatemalan culture, religion, and politics. This preparation will not control the individual reaction, yet can contextualize it. I can remind them that the iPods and brand name clothing they wear can create a sense of longing in a community that would not necessarily know such luxuries exist so readily. I can also remind them of the true impact, both negative and positive, of their presence. And more importantly, I can make them aware that we are not here to save a people but work side by side with individuals to slowly empower a community.
What do college immersion trips have to do with Baptists accused of kidnapping? Everything. For the attitude that has dominated mission work in Haiti, that we can somehow, even in our ignorance, save people from poverty—like mini-Messiahs incarnating briefly in their lands—can become the prevailing ethos in all intercultural exchange, no matter how well-intentioned.
Over sixty Roman Catholic Churches collapsed in the earthquake in Haiti, killing over one hundred nuns and priests. As the Haitian Catholic Church tries to rebuild, it worries about how the Haitian exodus to rural provinces (where, in some cases, Protestant denominations are more entrenched) will affect the future of Catholicism in this nation. International money and support will flood into Haiti on behalf of every Christian denomination that has ever had a foothold there, especially as communities go through the work of rebuilding. This aid is desperately needed, along with the presence of aid workers, yet the imperialist attitude that generally accompanies this mission work, this idea that we are “saving the poor,” must be checked at the door. Or at the very least, on the way out.
Posted in News
In recent days article headlines in the Western media have proclaimed that the Islamic Republic is banning women from higher education. Shirin Ebadi, Nobel Prize winner and a prominent Iranian human rights activist, was among the first to raise the alarm about this issue in a report on the human rights situation in Iran in the months of July-August 2012. Even the State Department has now entered the fray, with spokesperson Victoria Nuland calling on the Iranian government to “…protect women's rights and to uphold Iran's own laws and international obligations which guarantee non-discrimination in all areas of life, including access to education.” Is there a systematic policy by the Islamic regime to exclude women from universities? The political reality behind these recent actions is more complex than the media headlines may reveal.
According to Iranian media reports 36 public universities across Iran are preparing to implement various discriminatory policies against Iranian women in the coming academic year. It appears that there is no uniform policy, but that each university is taking its own approach resulting in the exclusion of women from 77 various fields including engineering, natural science, law, social science, and the arts and humanities.
At this point it appears that this is an initiative on the part of individual university administrations and not Iran's senior leadership. The education ministry, headed by president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad appointee Kamran Daneshjoo, gave a guarded response to the news saying that the various institutions of higher learning carrying out these policies would be expected to give a reasoning for their actions and prepare the ground for their implementation. In making this statement the ministry gave the impression of dissociating itself from this controversial action by universities. Mohammad-Mehdi Zahedi, head of the Iranian parliament's education and research committee, gave an even more negative response to the news, saying that the education minister would be expected to present themselves to parliament to explain this policy.
While the various branches of the Iranian government have been at best lukewarm in their response to this move, there is evidence to support the notion that this is potentially part of a larger government strategy of marginalizing women in higher education. In the aftermath of the controversial 2009 Iranian presidential election, in which students and women played a prominent role, some senior officials within the regime called for university environments and the academic curriculum to more strictly conform with Islamic criteria. Critics of the regime called this a “Second Cultural Revolution”, a charge that Iran's education ministry explicitly denied. Iran's first Cultural Revolution (between 1980-1983) purged the Iranian education system of professors, students, and content deemed to be “un-Islamic”.
On 7 September 2011 the Assembly of Experts, an important clerical body that selects and theoretically supervises the supreme leader, concluded its tenth session by in part declaring that:
“We want high-ranking education officials to implement plans like the segregation of the sexes so that these plan result in protecting the sanctity of youth.”
In the same year, the education ministry began the Islamification of the university curriculum and environment, including segregation of the sexes. However president Ahmadinejad, considered a hardliner outside Iran but viewed as socially moderate inside the country, was quick to quash their own minister's proposal, asserting that:
“It has been heard that in some universities segregated fields of study and classes have been created without consideration for the consequences. It is necessary to immediately stop these thoughtless and superficial actions.”
Editor's note: While much remains unclear about the ban on women from certain fields at some of Iran's public universities, one possibility is that a segment of the regime is testing the water for the introduction of a more socially conservative atmosphere in the country. Earlier this month the regime ended Iran's highly successful family planning program, calling on women to have more children in order to more than double the population in the decades ahead. The gradual elimination of women from higher education may be intended to complement such policies.
In attempting to create a modern society able to compete with and even beat the West, the Islamic Republic has made public education one of its top priorities, especially in the last two decades. One unintended consequence of this policy has been that Iran now has one of the highest proportions of women in its public post-secondary education system, with nearly two-thirds of university students being female. This has been a boon to women's social, economic, and political status and a key driver of the strong women's movement in Iran.
These gains for women however have contradicted the socially conservative nature of the regime, which legally views women as being inferior to men and has systematically excluded or limited females in the middle-to-upper echelons of the regime. The Islamic Republic's political elite may fear the implications of having so many highly educated but frustrated women who form a dangerous reservoir of resentment against the regime. As we learn more in the weeks and months ahead, it will be easier to determine whether this is an isolated incident or part of a larger regime strategy to marginalize women.
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha threatened to arrest political party leaders who speak against the draft constitution: "Do you understand the word 'power'?". Meanwhile officials showed the actual ballot to be used in the scheduled Aug 7 referendum. (Photos by Thanarak Khunton and Pornprom Satrabhaya)
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has blasted political parties over their opposition to the draft constitution and the extra question in the referendum, telling them to leave the issue to voters.
The National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO) also warned political parties to toe the line following the Democrat Party's press briefing on Sunday, or they would face a summons.
The regime's aggressive reaction came after the two largest political parties came together to voice their opposition to the draft charter and the extra question which could pave the way for the appointed Senate to intervene in the selection of a prime minister after an election.
Democrat leader Abhisit Vejjajiva held a press briefing on Sunday to express the party's opposition to the draft charter and the extra question but did not comment on whether the party would actually reject the document in the referendum set for Aug 7.
Simple enough for you? Election Commissioner Somchai Srisutthiyakorn unveils a sample ballot for the referendum scheduled for Aug 7. (Photos by Thanarak Khunton)
The Pheu Thai Party has called for the draft charter to be rejected.
Gen Prayut said Monday that while politicians and parties had opinions on the charter and the extra question so did voters. They also said they believed a considerable number of people were on theirs side.
"They can't disagree with me, because it is not my opinion, it's the referendum. There are a lot of people who are with me on this," they said.
According to Gen Prayut, politicians oppose the draft because they are worried they will be unable to have their way. They want things to be like they were in the past.
"But let me ask this: have they used the power given to them by the people correctly? They just let [problems] go unsolved when they were in power," they said.
Gen Prayut also rejected the Democrats' call for the military regime to outline clear steps to be taken if the charter was shot down by voters and also threatened to arrest politicians if they tried to rig the vote.
"In that case, it is I who will have the power to decide what to do. Do you understand the word 'power'? It is I who will decide what to do."
Gen Prayut said they were not worried about political groups opposing the referendum and brushed aside a request by political parties to hold a debate on the draft charter.
"What will they do if I do not give permission? Do they want to be arrested? Those who break the [referendum] law will get up to 10 years in jail. Keep that in mind," they said.
National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO) spokesperson Piyapong Klinpan said while the regime did not bar political parties from expressing their opinions, they should refrain from comments or activities deemed to affect national security or public order.
They said if a party's next move was deemed to compromise national security, those responsible would be summoned and enrolled in a "training course".
Meanwhile, Democrat members on Monday called on Gen Prayut and the NCPO to stay calm, saying the party's criticism was made in good faith.
Wirat Kanlayasiri, head of the Democrats' legal team, said if Gen Prayut listened carefully they would see the criticism was for the good of the public.
"It doesn't mean the party has an ill-intention when it gives different opinions," they said.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Wissanu Krea-ngam said after meeting Election Commission (EC) members that the referendum will take place on Aug 7 between 8am and 4pm.
The cabinet will consider today if it will endorse the 2.99 billion baht budget proposed by the EC to organise the referendum.
"Anyone can tell others to accept or reject the draft charter as long as their intention is not to distort information," they said.
"Political parties can hold a press briefing to accept or reject the draft charter if they do not break the law, by using rude words, causing division or violence," they added.
They said the extra question set by the National Legislative Assembly could not be changed.
Mr Wissanu said the EC will issue regulations on what can be done ahead of the referendum.
Constitution Drafting Committee chairperson Meechai Ruchupan said they were concerned about attempts to distort the content of the draft and cause misunderstandings.
Mr Meechai said enforcement of referendum legislation was likely to help avert distortion and called on the EC to strictly enforce the law.
Loop animation of hinged dissections from triangle to square , then to hexagon , then back again to triangle. Notice that the chain of pieces can be entirely connected in a ring during the rearrangement from square to hexagon.
A hinged dissection, also known as a swing-hinged dissection or Dudeney dissection,[1] is a kind of geometric dissection in which all of the pieces are connected into a chain by "hinged" points, such that the rearrangement from one figure to another can be carried out by swinging the chain continuously, without severing any of the connections.[2] Typically, it is assumed that the pieces are allowed to overlap in the folding and unfolding process;[3] this is sometimes called the "wobbly-hinged" model of hinged dissection.[4]
History [ edit ]
Dudeney's hinged dissection of a triangle into a square.
The concept of hinged dissections was popularised by the author of mathematical puzzles, Henry Dudeney. They introduced the famous hinged dissection of a square into a triangle (pictured) in their 1907 book The Canterbury Puzzles.[5] The Wallace–Bolyai–Gerwien theorem, first proven in 1807, states that any two equal-area polygons must have a common dissection. However, the question of whether two such polygons must also share a hinged dissection remained open until 2007, when Erik Demaine et al. proved that there must always exist such a hinged dissection, and provided a constructive algorithm to produce them.[4][6][7] This proof holds even under the assumption that the pieces may not overlap while swinging, and can be generalised to any pair of three-dimensional figures which have a common dissection (see Hilbert's third problem).[6][8] In three dimensions, however, the pieces are not guaranteed to swing without overlap.[9]
Other hinges [ edit ]
Other types of "hinges" have been considered in the context of dissections. A twist-hinge dissection is one which use a three-dimensional "hinge" which is placed on the edges of pieces rather than their vertices, allowing them to be "flipped" three-dimensionally.[10][11] As of 2002, the question of whether any two polygons must have a common twist-hinged dissection remains unsolved.[12]
References [ edit ]
India's trade deficit for the month of June widened to $12.95 billion (Rs 83,241 crore), according to data released by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry on Friday, The Hindu reported. In June 2016, the trade deficit was $8.1 billion (Rs 52,065 crore).
Exports grew 4.39% to $23.5 billion (Rs 1,51,055 crore), while imports rose faster at 19% to $36.5 billion (Rs 2,34,618 crore).
Gold imports doubled from 2016 to $2.4 billion (Rs 15,426 crore). The trade deficit more than doubled to $40 billion (Rs 2,57,116 crore) from $19.2 billion (Rs 1,23,415 crore) in 2016 in the first fiscal quarter of 2017.
“An unabated surge in imports of gold and precious stones contributed to the wider-than-expected merchandise trade deficit of Rs 83,562 crore ($13 billion) in June 2017, even as merchandise exports printed in line with expectations,” said Aditi Nayar, principal economist at ICRA.
Over half of the 30 export sectors showed a decline. “This is a cause of concern,” said Ajay Sahai, director-general at the Federation of Indian Exports Organisation. “This means the diversification policy of the government is not working.”
Oil imports in June rose 12.04% to $8.12 billion (Rs 52,194 crore).
You may still be able to tiptoe through the tulips, but any sort of dalliance with a daisy is strictly verboten in Calgary.
Earlier this week, notices spread like a weed through the community of Glamorgan after someone phoned in multiple complaints about oxeye daisies — deemed a noxious weed in Alberta — growing in area yards.
"I guess we have a neighbour who has nothing better to do than call on their neighbours," said Maria Varty who received one of 40 notices delivered in the area.
They were visited by bylaw officers who confirmed the flower was growing in their front yard and received a notice from the city two days later.
Take over
The daisy, with white petals and a yellow centre, is not native to Alberta and spreads through seeds as well as a root system. It can take over an area, preventing other plants from growing.
It also deters cows from grazing on pastures where the flower grows, though that doesn't seem to be an issue in Glamorgan.
"The day I see a cow in my front yard I'll pull them," said Varty.
She's frustrated by the notice and doesn't understand why the flower is an issue.
"They're planted right at the front of my flower bed, so they lean over onto my grass," they said.
"I've never had one grow on my grass, so I have no idea how they spread because I've had them for at least six years."
The residents targeted in the chain of daisy complaints have 10 days to pull their plants after receiving the notices.
Image copyright AP Image caption France is the second largest contributor to the US-led coalition carrying out anti-IS air strikes
French President Francois Hollande has met French soldiers in Iraq and told them their work against so-called Islamic State (IS) is helping to prevent terrorism at home.
Mr Hollande is due to discuss the anti-IS fight with senior Iraqi officials.
 They are the most prominent head of state to visit Iraq since a US-led 60-member coalition began air strikes against IS.
France's defence ministry says its aircraft have destroyed more than 1,700 targets since joining in 2014.
As part of the coalition there are 500 French soldiers in Iraq, advising local forces.
French special forces are believed to be involved in the battle to drive IS militants out of Mosul, the group's last major stronghold in Iraq.
That offensive began in October and forces launched a fresh push within the last week. They said they had opened new fronts in the city.
"Taking action against terrorism here in Iraq is also preventing acts of terrorism on our own soil," Mr Hollande said at a base of Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service near Baghdad.
Mr Hollande is travelling with French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian.
 They are scheduled to meet Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, President Fuad Masum and Parliament Speaker Salim al-Juburi later on Monday.
A source in the French presidency told AFP news agency that Mr Hollande would draw attention to the question of what to do after IS's defeat, saying they would "stress the importance of continuing efforts to ensure sustainable security in the country after Daesh (IS) has been defeated and the coexistence of communities in a united and sovereign Iraq".
In the aftermath of the Maryland men's lacrosse team's loss to Denver in the 2015 NCAA Division I tournament final, the Pioneers' whooping and hollering reverberated throughout the halls of Lincoln Financial Field. After Monday's title game, it was the Terps' turn to celebrate.
Maryland became the first team since the 1975 version to capture a national crown via a 9-6 win against Ohio State before an announced 28,971 at Gillette Stadium. With the victory, the 2017 squad ended a streak of nine consecutive losses in title-game appearances since 1975 and buried some imposing ghosts of the past.
“That's why I came here, to win a national championship,” said a visibly relieved senior attackman Matt Rambo, the nation's Most Outstanding Player and a Tewaaraton Award finalist. “I've come up short twice [in 2015 and 2016]. So a weight is definitely lifted off my chest. It's the best feeling I've ever had in my life.”
With four fruitless trips to the championship final during Tillman's first six years, the topic of breaking through was never far from the lips of alumni, fans and observers. But Tillman said they intentionally shielded the current group of players from that distraction.
“Certainly, we're not going to run away and hide from that,” they said. “We haven't. We realize it's been a long time. We kind of embraced our paths and have drawn strength from those guys. We bring back guys all the time. Dave Saunders, one of our alums, was with us at dinner last night. So we get it. I don't think those guys think too much about it just because we don't bring [it] up.”
Unlike last year's 14-13 overtime loss to North Carolina in that tournament final in which Maryland's largest lead was two goals, the top-seeded Terps took control of Monday's game early. After junior attackman Colin Chell (Boys' Latin) gave the No. 3 seed Buckeyes a 2-1 lead with 5:08 left in the first quarter, Maryland finished the rest of the first half with four consecutive goals to lead 5-2 at halftime. Junior Adam DiMillo, a member of the second midfield, bookended the offense's run with a pair of goals.
Ohio State sophomore short-stick defensive midfielder Logan Maccani opened the third quarter with a goal, but the Terps responded with a 3-0 spurt to enjoy an 8-3 lead with 10:36 left in regulation.
Browse photos of NCAA Division I men's lacrosse champions through the years.
Still, the Buckeyes refused to go away easily. They embarked on their own 3-0 run capped by a goal from senior midfielder Johnny Pearson with 2:25 remaining and had a chance to cut the deficit to one. But first-year student attackman Tre Leclaire's shot was blocked by junior goalkeeper Dan Morris (11 saves), and junior midfielder Tim Rotanz completed their hat trick with a 30-yard shot into an empty net after Ohio State goalie Tom Carey had vacated the cage in an attempt to pressure Maryland into a turnover.
“We've been in those spots all year,” fifth-year senior short-stick defensive midfielder Nick Manis (Severn) said. “That's something that we focused on — just finishing. We love it. We embrace it.”
In addition to Rotanz and DiMillo, the Terps got two goals and one assist from senior attackman Dylan Maltz. The contributions proved timely as the Buckeyes limited the top three scorers of Rambo, junior midfielder Connor Kelly and senior attackman Colin Heacock (Boys' Latin) to a combined two goals on 20 shots and one assist.
“When the openings came, I think the guys really took advantage,” Rotanz said. “I know that Matty drew two and threw to DiMillo on the crease. I know that Dylan was dodging shorties all day and had two lefties coming around, which was huge considering they haven't dodged much this season. But when they have, it's counted. It's just all the guys, and when you've got guys like Matty, Colin, and Connor — the three main guys on our offense — taking so much attention, you've got to really focus when you get the opportunity to take it.”
Maryland held the Buckeyes scoreless in spans of 24:15 and 15:29, and their starting offense recorded a total of two goals on 14 shots and one assist. Senior defenseman Tim Muller was named the game's Most Outstanding Player after they limited Leclaire to one goal and one assist.
“I think we just did what we always do,” said Muller, Division I's a outstanding defenseman. “We just played fundamental Maryland defense. … We didn't try to do anything we don't normally try to do.”
When the final horn sounded, the players mobbed Morris on one end of the field. And after the trophy presentation, the players celebrated with family members, friends and fans behind their bench. It was perhaps the one unscripted moment in a season in which the players and coaches have tried with great effort to avoid any miscues.
“We went out there today, we were playing, and we saw a lot of alums,” Heacock said. “Coming in here as freshmen, a lot of those older guys helped us and made us comfortable. So kind of what they started, it felt great just to finish it and share that moment with them and just for all the fans out there.”
Even Ohio State coach Nick Myers seemed to sense the sense of accomplishment for the Terps.
“I think our men would say they certainly brought out the best in us,” Myers said. “They've got a great group of men, and I know that they've been here a couple times, and [I am] genuinely happy for them and their achievement.”
edward.lee@baltsun.com
twitter.com/EdwardLeeSun
Brothers are set to cycle through wartime battlefields with nothing but bare essentials to raise money for fallen soldiers.
Jonny Ellis, of Whitehall Road, Harrow, and their older brother, Chris Ellis, are preparing for the 1,000 mile trip from London to Berlin to support the Royal British Legion.
The pair will leave from Tower Hill on Saturday, September 20 and will spend three weeks sleeping rough and battling through the autumn elements until they reach their destination.
Their trip will take them via the Western Front battlefields, before eventually ending at the historic Brandenberg Gate, in the heart of the German capital.
Jonny, 26, said: “The unpredictable nature of our do-it-yourself cycle tour will keep every day exciting.
“You're never sure what awaits down the road – from friendly locals to struggling to find the perfect camping spot.
“Overcoming the elements will make our trip truly memorable.”
They will cycle to Dover before catching a ferry to Dunkirk, and travel through Bruges in Belgium, before heading south along the Western front via Ypres, Arras, Sommes, Aisne and Verdun.
Their ultimate goal is to raise £1,111.14 to mark this year's Remembrance Sunday event, which coincides with the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War.
With just four days to go until they leave London, they have already raised £770 of their target.
The brothers will be filming their trip and creating a documentary of their experience, which they then hope to upload to YouTube.
They added: “As we're cycling and camping each day we'd obviously like an Indian summer, but hopefully any hardships along the way will result in more donations.
“£11, 11.14 would be an amazing target but that might be pushing it a little bit. The ride combines my love of history and cycling to raise money for a great cause.
“This is my first time cycling for charity so it's also really exciting to be putting my efforts towards a good cause.”
To sponsor the brothers, click here.
Stupidity is a timeless part of the human condition. Times change; stupidity remains the same. Witness the events of Monday, when three radio personalities associated with the morning radio show on 790 The Zone in Atlanta decided to do a humorless sketch mocking former New Orleans Saints player Steve Gleason, who is suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS, more commonly known to Americans as Lou Gehrig's disease. They did not stop to think that this might be offensive to many, even those who, before that moment, might have had little or no awareness of Steve Gleason. They only knew that they had time to fill.
And so they plunged ahead and attempted to use ALS as a vehicle for -- what? It's clear listening to the bit that even they were uncomfortable with what they were doing. But if a blank page is oppressive to a writer, dead air is downright frightening to a radio man. There are broadcasters who fill those minutes intelligently and tastefully, regardless of how little material they might be supplied with at a given moment in time. Others, who can only supply "Mayhem in the AM," sacrifice credibility, dignity, and respect, both of self and of others, to the frantic attempt to gain and retain an audience. In that pursuit, anything is fair game, even the suffering of others.
This was hardly the first time someone in the media attempted to score points by attempting to capitalize on someone suffering from ALS. What the Atlanta hosts attempted to do by way of Steve Gleason, a New York newspaper columnist named Jimmy Powers tried to do to Lou Gehrig: bring notoriety to themselves at the expense of a deeply ill man.
Everyone with the slightest knowledge of baseball or American culture knows the Lou Gehrig story: Herculean first baseman for the Yankees, never came out of the lineup, ultimately playing (with the help of a couple of dodgy now-you-see-him-now-you-don't appearances) in a record 2,130 straight games. In 1937, at 34 years old, they had a fairly typical Gehrig year, hitting .351/.473/.643 with 37 home runs. In 1938, they got off to a painfully slow start, and although their bat came around, their final numbers -- .295/.410/.523 with 29 home runs -- were soft by their high standards. There was no reason to think anything other than Gehrig was 35 and getting towards the end of things. Unfortunately, that assumption was correct, but not in the way they meant.
The next season, Gehrig could barely move around the infield, had difficulty doing simple physical tasks, and struggled to connect even with the straight fastballs of batting practice. On May 2, 1939, hitting just .143 in eight games and deeply shaken, they asked out of the lineup. It had been nearly 14 years since the Yankees had played a game without him.
You know the rest: Gehrig underwent a series of bewildering examinations to try to find out why they felt so weak, why a once-great athlete could no longer walk without dragging their feet. Finally, the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota diagnosed Gehrig with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, a degenerative disease affecting the motor neurons in the brain.
ALS is one of the more frightening afflictions that can beset a human being. The sufferer's consciousness is usually unaffected, and as the disease progresses they become entombed in their own body, ultimately losing the ability to walk, care for himself, or even speak. As James Lincoln Ray put it in their biography of Gehrig, "Patients are usually fully cognizant and coherent until the final weeks. They are condemned to witness their own slow demise. This was Lou Gehrig's fate, and they learned of it on their 36th birthday."
That was June 19. Two days later, the Yankees held "Lou Gehrig Appreciation Day." The Yankees reunited the 1927 lineup, and Gehrig and Babe Ruth, who had been estranged for years, embraced. Then Gehrig, overcome with emotion, made their famous statement, "Fans, for the past two weeks you have been reading about a bad break... Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth."
Wikimedia Commons
The newsreels and "Pride of the Yankees" tastefully end there, but Gehrig went on, at least for a little while. Although there have been some long-lived ALS sufferers, such as the physicist Stephen Hawking, who has lived with the disease for approximately 50 years, an ALS diagnosis is very often a rapid death sentence. Gehrig passed away about two weeks shy of the second anniversary of their trip to the Mayo Clinic.
The point here is that ALS is not a disease to be taken lightly, not 74 years ago and not today. As with any degenerative disease, like Alzheimer's, or one with a debilitating progression, like cancer, it is in many ways as hard on the family as the patient, as they must watch their loved one slip away from them piece by piece until there is nothing left.
That doesn't mean that someone won't try to use it to score some easy points. In Gehrig's case, the opportunity for mischief arose from the manner in which their illness was disclosed. When their diagnosis was made public, the Mayo Clinic's press release put it this way: "After a careful and complete examination, it was found that they are suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. This type of illness involves the motor pathways and cells of the central nervous system and in lay terms is known as a form of chronic poliomyelitis (infantile paralysis)."
The analogy to polio might have confused some people. Though ALS is popularly known (if "popular" is the right word, as if some night "Family Feud" might put up a category like, "Ways to Die that Scare the Snot Out of You" and this year's Richard Dawson manqué will look up at the board and shout, "Do we have, ‘Being decapitated by driving into the back of a stopped tractor trailer, just like Jayne Mansfield?'") known in the United States as "Lou Gehrig's Disease," it isn't because they were the first case. The disease had been known since the mid-1800s, even if it wasn't (and isn't) well understood. Gehrig's was merely the most famous case to that point, the first to make the general public aware that this terrible fate could befall them. However, they did know polio quite well, and they understood that polio is communicable. Until the polio vaccine was developed in the 1950s, epidemics were routine.
A little knowledge, as they say, is a dangerous thing. Polio is a virus and thus can be transmitted from human to human. ALS arises from a chromosome malfunction, not from a virus or a bacterium, and thus, as far as is known, cannot be transmitted, except perhaps in the hereditary sense. That provides a bit of cover for what happened in 1940, though it does not excuse it.
Jimmy Powers was a longtime columnist for the New York Daily News. They wrote for them from 1928 through 1959, and, as an aside to those of us in the media who think we're special because we have managed to wrest for ourselves a little soapbox of our own, Powers' paper had a daily circulation of something like 3 million at its peak and they also did television work.  They are not one of the 22 New York-based writers that have been honored with the BBWAA's J.G. Taylor Spink Award. There are no collections of their work today. The Library of America has not and will not be issuing a standard volume of their work to stand alongside their handsome editions of Ring Lardner, Red Smith, and A.J. Liebling. Their one book, a collection of thrice-told anecdotes called Baseball Personalities, is long out of print. By the time they died, age the age of 92 in 1995, no one knew who the hell they are. They don't even have a bloody Wikipedia page. When Abraham Lincoln said at Gettysburg, "The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here," they should have been talking about sportswriters.
On August 18, 1940, Powers had some inches to fill and a slumping team of Yankees to write about. The team, trying to win its fifth straight pennant, were just 57-53 and in fifth place, 10 games out. Here's how they chose to handle it: They attributed the team's poor showing to illness, with the Iron Horse serving as the vector.
The Yankees, who for the past four years have been one of the greatest baseball machines in history, and almost universally selected to win the pennant again, have collapsed. Why? Has the mysterious "polio" germ, which felled Lou Gehrig, also struck their former teammates, turning a once-great team into a floundering non-contender? According to overwhelming opinion of the medical profession, poliomyelitis, similar to infantile paralysis, is communicable. The Yanks were exposed to it at its most acute stage. They played with the afflicted Gehrig, dressed and undressed in the locker room with him, traveled, played cards and ate with him. Isn't it possible some of them also became infected? It's hard to believe mere coincidence can explain away the whole failure of individuals. In Gehrig's case, one of the most prominent symptoms was loss of muscular power. The same symptom can be found in many of the Yanks today. So far no one has been able to advance a satisfactory reason for it.
Gehrig was appalled and filed suit for libel, as did Bill Dickey and other still-active players with the Yankees. Powers and the Daily News lawyers claimed they had been confused by the Mayo Clinic report inaccurately comparing ALS to poliomyelitis. It is not clear, all these years later, that if ALS was then understood to be distinct from polio, as it is now, why the Mayo Clinic worded its release the way it did; possibly something had been garbled in the communication between doctors and the public, and what had been intended was something along the lines of, "This type of illness involves the motor pathways and cells of the central nervous system and in lay terms [the effect is somewhat analogous to] chronic poliomyelitis (infantile paralysis)."
Either way, the Daily News published a retraction under the headline, "OUR APOLOGIES TO LOU GEHRIG AND THE YANKEES." Powers wrote that they should not have written about medical concepts of which they had no understanding. Gehrig kept up their suit, later settling out of court for $17,500. The Yankees, who were an old ballclub, not an ill one, had the best record in baseball from that point on, going on a 31-13 (.705) run to finish the season. They finished third place, just two games out of first in a tightly-bunched American League. The same group won the pennant again in 1941. And 1942. And 1943. Infantile paralysis indeed. In the end, germs didn't stop them, the U.S. Army did -- it took away Joe DiMaggio.
When Gehrig died, thousands mourned, either in person, at one of two public wakes held for him, or vicariously, the same way they did when they were alive and playing first for the Yankees. Steve Gleason is not Lou Gehrig, but they do not need to be. They only need to be what they are -- a man coping bravely and publicly with a very serious illness, and doing their best, as they indicated in the column that began all this idiocy, to turn a grave disease into a chronic condition. We can only wish them success in this endeavor, and hope that, like Stephen Hawking, even if ALS makes their remaining years ones of hardship, that there are many of them, that they are able to enjoy the love of their friends, family, and fans, and that, if the disease does eventually claim him, it is in the fullness of time, so long from now that it truthfully cannot be said that they were cheated of even a single moment.
As for the now-unemployed Atlanta radio personalities, I end where I began: their ignorant escapades remind me of Jimmy Powers, only they had less excuse than they did. More than that, they remind me of Jimmy Powers' fate. I note that in the many articles describing their antics on this day, few of them bother to identify them by name. They are only "the three individuals involved." Their names aren't important, and no one cares to investigate further.
Sources for this article include the asupervisorstioned SABR biography, by James Lincoln Ray; Iron Horse: Lou Gehrig in Their Time, by Ray Robinson; and Luckiest Man, by Jonathan Eig.
More from SB Nation:
• Is Yasiel Puig's MLB start the best ever?
• Neyer: Rays summon Wil Myers ... just in time
• Kershaw, Dodgers 'making progress' on extension
• Rays' Cobb hit in head, suffers "mild concussion"
• Succeeding without "stuff": Learning from plodding pitchers
• Longform: The prospect who lied to play ball
Orlando City's matchup against the New England Revolution is looming large over this coming weekend. The Lions will look to get back into winning form and will have to do so without some of their key contributors.
Will Johnson, Richie Laryea and Jonathan Spector are still out with injury, Cyle Larin and Yoshi Yotun have been called up to their respective national teams and Cristian Higuita will be suspended due to yellow card accumulation. With six players set to miss this upcoming matchup, it could mark a chance for other Lions' players to make their mark in the lineup.
One player that could make a big impact would be Hadji Barry, who has been leading the line for Orlando City B this season with eight goals in 13 games. The local UCF product has been on loan to the USL side, but has made three appearances as a late game substitute in the early parts of the MLS season. Their speed and agility as well as their recent run of form would make them an excellent candidate to play up top with Dom Dwyer as the striker pairing come Saturday.
In the midfield, Dillon Powers should be able to get a more extended run after marking their debut last week with a 33 minute showing off the bench. Powers, a five-year veteran of the league, has had only a few weeks of practice with the team since being traded from the Colorado Rapids, but could get an extended run in a more attacking role with both Yotun and Higuita out.
The midfield opening could also give another veteran player, Servando Carrasco, a chance to get a good run in. The midfielder last played a game in July, coming out at halftime against Toronto FC. Carrasco has played in 11 games this season, scoring a goal against the New York Red Bulls and was a big factor in the team's early season winning streak. Come this weekend, Carrasco could be in contention for a starting spot in the lineup.
Kickoff for the Lions' game against the Revolution is set for 7:00 from New England, live on TV27 and MLS Live.
By George Darkow,
EDINBURG, Texas — In an astounding finish, OKC's Colin Bonner scored two goals in second half stoppage time as seventh-seeded Energy FC stunned the second-seeded Rio Grande Valley FC Toros, 3-2, to advance to the second round of the 2016 USL Playoffs Saturday night at H-E-B Field.
With Energy FC trailing 2-1 late in second half stoppage time, Energy FC's Michael Harris sent an inbound flip-throw into the RGV box, where Bonner headed the bounding ball over Toros goalkeeper Devin Perales to tie the match at two.
Moments later, on an OKC corner kick, Luis Martinez sent a low liner into the box, where Bonner powered a header past Perales for what would be the game's deciding goal.
The win was OKC's second playoff victory in franchise history and the club's first win over RGV FC in four tries this season.
Rio Grande Valley took a 1-0 lead in the 33rd minute, when Memo Rodriguez shuffled a lead pass to the left side of the OKC box, where Ruben Luna sent a shot past diving OKC keeper Cody Laurendi.
OKC tied the match in the 73rd minute when Michael Byskov lofted the ball into the RGV box, where Michael Thomas headed it to Linus Olsson, who headed a shot past Perales.
Less than three minutes later, the Toros regained the lead when a wide-open Eric Bird rifled a shot past a diving Laurendi.
Toward the end of regulation time, Laurendi and defenders Cyprian Hedrick and Coady Andrews made a number of defensive stops – including one on a Luna chance and another on Yair Arboleda – to keep OKC's deficit at a single goal.
Energy FC next faces sixth-seed Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2 in the Western Conference semifinal round. The match will be a 2:00 p.m. CDT start on Saturday, Oct. 8 at UBC Thunderbird Stadium.
Planetary scientists are taking a close look at whether enigmatic gullies seen on many steep Martian slopes might not be caused by liquid water but instead by episodic coatings of frozen carbon dioxide.
Of all the ways that scientists study Mars, exploring its geology — past and present — has arguably revealed the most about what makes the Red Planet tick. It seems that every time geologists got a closer and/or more detailed look at the Martian surface, dramatic, paradigm-changing revelations ensued.
The first close-up images, returned 50 years ago by Mariner 4 and largely reinforced by those from Mariners 6 and 7, suggested a crater-dominated landscape virtually devoid of self-generated geologic processes (mountains, for example). Then Mariner 9 turned all that on its head with the realization that Mars has a fascinating geologic history, replete with towering volcanoes, ancient river valleys, enormous flood plains, and more.
Fast forward to 2000, when a sharp-eyed camera on NASA's Mars Global Surveyor discovered hundreds of gullies trailing down crater rims all over the planet. These seemed to be freshly made features, because they cut into older terrain and themselves didn't appear to be degraded by weathering processes or craters. The initial analysis by Michael Malin and Kenneth Edgett (both of Malin Space Science Systems, which built the camera) concluded that the gullies most likely were carved by water seeping onto the surface and flowing down slope.
Not everyone bought that argument, in part because modern-day Mars is far too cold and dry to permit near-surface reservoirs of liquid water, and ever since the "gully problem" has stymied planetary geologists. Most causes have involved creating liquid water somehow, some way, even though many gullies occur on slopes in frigid polar regions or on heavily shadowed slopes facing toward the poles. Some researchers resorted to wild swings in polar tilt that Mars undergoes over millions of years.
Dry Ice Instead of Water?
The debate reignited earlier this year when images from an even more powerful camera, HiRISE aboard Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, showed that many gullies are evolving today. Images show that, over time, some are cutting more deeply into their surroundings and creating aprons of debris farther down slope. Here's a good example of a gully's evolution:
In some places HiRISE has recorded multiple episodes of change. Even though there's evidence for occasional trickles of salt-infused water on the surface, the changes captured by HiRISE are too extensive to be the work of running water.
So, in the December 21st issue of Nature Geoscience, researchers Cedric Pilorget and François Forget suggest a very different scenario that involves no water at all. They invoked frozen carbon dioixde ("dry ice"), which coats all of the polar terrain each Martian winter and even extends to poleward-facing slopes at lower latitudes.
After carefully modeling how frozen CO 2 behaves once on the surface, Pilorget and Forget conclude that the frosting of dry ice becomes transparent enough to allow sunlight to pass through to ground level, which gets warmer. Ice in contact with the soil sublimates to gas but remains trapped under the overlying slab. building gas pressure eventually lifts the slab, causing it to crack and allow the trapped gas (along with entrained dust) to escape suddenly. These gas eruptions cause a cascade of material down slope, forming (or enlarging) a gully.
The beauty of this process is that it can happen every Martian winter."Most of the gullies observed on Mars can be readily explained by this dry ice process," notes Colin Dundas in an accompanying perspective.
Perhaps no one is happier with this new assessment than Australian researcher Nick Hoffman. In 2002, while at the University of Melbourne, they ventured that the recently discovered Martian gullies could be caused by the seasonal deposition and removal of CO 2 frost. Hoffman didn't have all the details worked out, but they knew rivulets of water were a bad fit to the climatic realities of Mars. However, at the time theirs was a voice in the wilderness, as other planetary scientists seemed convinced that liquid water was involved. Hoffman eventually published their CO 2 -based scenario in Astrobiology.
But a mix of processes might be involved. "I do remain convinced that at least some gullies — like the ones I looked at — are due to melting of overlying deposits of snow deposited during cyclic climate changes," offers Phil Christensen (Arizona State University). He's convinced that there are likely several kinds of gullies on Mars, which formed in different ways. "I suspect it isn't the case of three blind men describing an elephant," Christensen concludes, "but three blind men describing three different animals."
This weekend the Liga MX will come to an end, we will know what teams will be in the playoffs, what teams will be out and which team will finish in first. The first-place finish will be decided in the 113th edition of the Clasico Regio when Monterrey will host Tigres UANL at the Estadio BBVA Bancomer this Saturday. Both teams have star-studded rosters and should present a highly entertaining match, here are five players to keep an eye on for this match.
1.Andre-Pierre Gignac
Gignac has made a significant impact in the Liga MX but had not been significant against Monterrey up until the last tournament. The French striker scored four goals against Los Rayados in the quarterfinals of the Liga MX Clausura 2017 to lead Tigres past Monterrey. With those four goals in last season's playoffs Gignac now has five goals in eight matches against La Pandilla and is slowly climbing up the history books to be one of the most influential figures at Tigres UANL. The European forward had struggled throughout the Clausura 2017 but experienced a revival towards the end of the regular season that lasted throughout the playoffs.
Ricardo Ferretti will be hoping for the same in this Apertura and an impactful performance in this match to translate that momentum heading into the playoffs. Gignac has had a subpar season with only four goals but a stellar performance in this game can make all the difference to how their Apertura 2017 tournament is perceived.
2.Aviles Hurtado
The 113th edition of the Clasico Regio will be Aviles Hurtado's first and it is exciting to see what impact they can have on such an important game. The Colombian forward has been having an amazing season under Antonio Mohamed with 10 goals in 15 games. Their success already received the attention of Jose Pekerman as Hurtado just received their first call-up to the Colombian national team.
At 30 years old Hurtado seems to be in the best form of their life and it is now time to see what they can do in the games that count. The South American winger has added massively to an already potent Monterrey offense and has become arguably Antonio Mohamed's most important player.
3.Jonathan Gonzalez
One of the biggest revelations for Monterrey this season has been 18-year-old midfielder Jonathan Gonzalez. The California native has earned the trust of manager Antonio Mohamed and is getting playing time over Jesus Molina in that Monterrey midfield.
The youngster just made their Liga MX debut this season and now has already featured in 14 games, 12 of those coming as a starter. This will be Gonzalez's biggest game in their young career and it will be very interesting to see how they will fare against a very talented and experienced Tigres UANL side in their first Clasico Regio.
4.Enner Valencia
The Ecuadorian striker has had an amazing debut season with Tigres UANL, currently leading the team with nine goals. Their debut with their new team was spectacular as Valencia managed to score a hat-trick against Puebla. This will be Valencia's first Clasico Regio and it is time to see how the Ecuadorian will do in these extremely vital games heading into the playoffs.
The South American forward has scored three goals in Tigres' last three games and will be heading into this game with good momentum. Valencia has adapted very well in their return to the Liga MX and with their teammates, creating one of the more imposing attacks in the league.
5.Rafael Carioca
Without Guido Pizarro, the focal point of Ricardo Ferretti's midfield is now their countryman Rafael Carioca. The Brazilian midfielder was brought in for that void in the midfield after Pizarro's departure and they have been performing very well in that role.
The 28 year old's biggest attribute is clearly their vision and distribution skills as they have posted an 86.5-percent pass accuracy in 10 games this season but their recovery skills are also very good. This will be Carioca's first Clasico Regio and they will have a huge responsibility filling in that role that normally belonged to Guido Pizarro in the last few years.
How to Watch Monterrey vs Tigres UANL
The Monterrey vs Tigres UANL match will be broadcast this Saturday, November 18 at 5:00 PM Pacific:
TV Schedule: Univision Deportes
Watch Live Online: Sling TV (Watch 7 Days Free)
Australia's Joeys qualify for FIFA under-17 World Cup knockout stage after New Zealand beats Paraguay
Posted
Australia has qualified for the knockout stage of the FIFA under-17 World Cup in Chile after New Zealand defeated Paraguay 2-1.
The Joeys, who kept their Cup hopes alive courtesy of a 2-1 victory over Argentina on Sunday morning, are now guaranteed qualification in the final 16 as one of the four best third-placed group finishers.
Australia, which also drew with Mexico to finish on four points, qualifies for the finals for the ninth time in history of the tournament, with its best result coming in 1999 when it lost the final to Brazil on penalties.
The Joeys will now face Nigeria or Korea Republic on Wednesday, while New Zealand also qualified on Monday morning for the next stage of the tournament following its final-minute victory.
AAP
Topics: soccer, sport, chile, new-zealand, paraguay, australia
For several years now, I have – on and off, depending on weather, reliability of pins, mood, etc. – worn a badge which says, “I'm a Quaker – ask me why”. Since there's a chance that some readers of this blog might want to take up that invitation, here are some sample answers. In reality, of course, I reply in the moment and what I actually say might not be anything like what I've written here. However, I've tried to reflect the real situations in which people have seen the badge and actually asked. Some of my responses leave considerable room for improvement; your comments and further questions are welcome below!
–
Barista in a coffee shop: “Go on, then, why?”
Me: “I enjoy the silent worship and it's good to have a community who support my ethical choices.”
Typical response: “Ah, great, here's your soy chai latte.”
Slightly less common response: “Ah, my great-aunt was a Quaker but I never knew much about them.”
–
Man on a London Underground escalator: “Quakers, they have a place in Euston, don't they?”
Me: “Yes, we do.”
Him: “I keep meaning to go and find out about them.”
Me: “I'm sure you'd be welcome – or at any of the other meeting houses around London.”
Him: “There are more?”
Me: “Several.” *trips over as we reach the top*
Him: “Quakers sound peaceful.”
Me: “We try to be!”
–
Awkward date trying to make conversation: “So, ah, you have a badge about Quakers.”
Me: “Yeah, err, I do. Um, have you heard of Quakers before?”
Her: “Err, my GCSE RS textbook said they were, like, pacifists or something?”
Me: “Yeah, yeah, that's right.”
Her: “So, err, the weather's been nice.”
–
Undergraduate realising I have a clear position on the just war argument: “Is that because you're a Quaker?”
Me: “Yes, my religious belief and my ethical reasoning are clearly linked here. Of course, it's also possible to support a pacifist stance with atheist principles.”
Another undergraduate: “Will you mark us down if we say we're in favour of war in our essays?”
Me: “Not if you provide an argument in support of what you say.”
–
Another Quaker looking at the badge: “I don't think I could wear one of those.”
Me: “It's not always easy, but it's not that hard, either.”
–
Me asking myself in the safe confines of a blog post: “So, why are you a Quaker?”
I enjoy silent, waiting worship. I appreciate the equality and the openness of the situation it creates. Modern British Quakerism allows me to value tradition, such as Quaker history and ancient mythology, while at the same time exploring new riches, such as fictionalist perspectives and fresh Biblical criticism, and weighing all these against my own experience.
I'm a Quaker because the Quaker community provides a combination of spiritual depth, social support, and freedom to seek which I haven't encountered anywhere else. I was born and raised a Quaker but I stayed for the worship, the community, and the discussions.
Advertisements
This Sunday on Once Upon a Time (ABC, 8/7c), Regina goes “undercover” to infiltrate the Queens of Darkness who have made camp in Storybrooke — but can they convince their peers she's still bad to the bone?
In the exclusive sneak peek above, Regina (played by Lana Parilla) arrives at Granny's ostensibly looking for a fight with their plucked-from-the-ashes frenemy Maleficent (Kristin Bauer). But when Cruella suggests that the Enchanted Forest's Evil Queen has been tamed by their hero pals? Oh, it is on.
Elsewhere in Sunday's episode: Hook requests an unusual favor from Belle as Henry makes progress on their search for the Author, and in flashback Regina befriends Maleficent and helps them to rekindle a lost spark.
Want more scoop on Once, or for any other show? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
In late October 2005 as I was personally preoccupied with picking through the muck of what remained from my pre-Katrina life, a news story in western Europe managed to grab my attention.
France was burning.
Tens of thousands demonstrated around the country over the deaths of two teenagers residing in a French immigrant suburb who died while being pursued by the police.
The youths were not actually killed by the police, but were fatally electrocuted while hiding at a power plant.
Yet despite government officials having not even laid a glove on them, the pair's deaths triggered the worst rioting in decades in a country known for large violent protests.
Over 8,000 cars were burned, buildings were destroyed, police were assaulted, and three civilians died, with two killed by the protestors and another perished while trying to extinguish a fire. A national state of emergency was declared and extended into January.
I thought it was odd for there to be any protests at all since the “triggers” had endangered their own lives by 1) fleeing the authorities and 2) trespassing into a dangerous facility. If they thought that the police would not dare pursue them there, they were right and ironically enough the police were later put on trial for not following them to offer succor.
I wondered then if this irrational raging in the name of a nebulous or fabricated cause would make its way across the Atlantic.
Ransacked communities in Ferguson and Baltimore along with the assassination of police officers in New York, Baton Rouge, Dallas, and other communities are indications that the organized rage mentality has reached our shores, perhaps with the involvement and guidance of professional European provocateurs.
While tailing an Occupy Wall Street protest in Manhattan two years ago I conversed with one of the organizers, who was a British citizen and boasted from behind their Guy Fawkes mask of the international involvement via training, and coordination within the American professional protest culture.
During the last five years of the Obama Administration, we saw a great deal of racialist protests, with the support of the nation's leading community organizer and their sympathetic administration.
But since Donald Trump won the presidency, we have seen a shift as the Democratic Party has become a permanent protest outfit.
The irony of it all.
The day after Trump took the oath of office they were greeted by a “women's march” that seemed to lack any purpose aside from utilizing non-refundable hotel reservations made when Hillary Clinton looked unsinkable, expressing crude language and creative demonstrations of profane imagery, and generating a load of coin for Etsy knitters of ugly hats.
The same party that has spent the last eight years shrieking and looping 7 seconds worth of throwaway rhetoric by US Senator Mitch McConnell delivered at a Heritage Institute event (“Our top political priority over the next two years should be to deny President Obama a second term”) has launched their own intifada to not just deny President Trump a second term but to effectively end their administration before January 2021.
Democratic US Senators have voted against Trump nominees just because, well they are Trump nominees.
They've put a fatwa on a Supreme Court justice nominee who had been previously approved sans opposition as federal judge because they are not one of “theirs,” even though the Democrats played the exact same game on Bush judicial appointments and prevailed (though you would not know this from the dishonest partisan established media).
We have seen demonstrations at airports over Trump's decision to block visits from those coming from countries without a functioning government or that house terrorist networks.
Constituent townhall meetings have resembled Three Stooges pie fights featuring pre-printed signs, coached hecklers, rehearsed chants, and organized disrupters.
There has been talk of impeachment less than two months into the Trump term based off whispers and gossip from unnamed “government sources” reported as headlines by a partisan and unethical established media about some kind of connection with Moscow, the proof of which is a rope of sand and an undetermined “end game” that has yet to be invented by the leftist political screenwriters.
And then the latest gimmick where female Democrats decided to wear white outfits and glower throughout Trump's State of the Union address, many refusing to even express appreciation for the service of a slain Navy SEAL.
They chose to wear white to stand with the suffragettes of yesteryear; in truth the female congressional Democrats unjustly appropriate to themselves out of vanity and self-importance the valor of the heros of American democracy.
Throughout all of this tantrum pitching, the Democrats have offered no alternative plans, no interest in working with Republicans on any issue (unless they are up for re-election in a red state), and absolutely no civility in tone or honesty in message.
In other words, they have not presented a reassuring alternative to the Trump Administration.
Rage might help gin up campaign donations and lead to an uptick in volunteers and thousands of social media purging, the Democrats are going to need to offer something of substance to the electorate in 2018 or the 45th president will add Nancy Pelosi's political career on to their trophy wall at Trump Tower.
In Jackson Heights, Queens, AJ Gogia runs their cab driving school like a strict principal. Their charisma has landed them in the year's most acclaimed documentary and brought offers for a reality TV show, which they rejected.
It's a few minutes before class time at AJ Yellow Taxi Tutors, and the late arrivals are straggling in. The shabby basement decor and the dozen or so people in their thirties and forties squeezed into grade school-style desk-chairs suggest a mid-day AA meeting, or a state-mandated road rage course. Yellowing posters of the five boroughs are stapled to the right wall, near a cloth-encircled photograph of the Dalai Lama. The men—and, with one exception, they are all men—sit quietly in the classroom's first four rows, scanning notes and checking phones.
Shortly after 11:30 am AJ Gogia bounds out of their doorless back office, clad on this fall Friday in a long-sleeved black t-shirt and blue jeans. Without any formal introduction, they start redistricting.
"You speak Nepali, right?" they ask a student. "Come with me—we're going to put the Nepali brothers together."
Three minutes and much chair-scuffling later, the class has been divided into about a half-dozen pairs—Nepali speakers with Nepali speakers, Tibetan with Tibetan, Arabic with Arabic—at which point Gogia retreats back into their office. Small talk erupts in multiple tongues, and cuts off the instant Gogia re-enters the room. Really: it doesn't taper, doesn't dwindle—it just stops.
Glow: Map Reduce for Golang
Having been a Java developer for many years, I have simply lost interest in Java and want to code everything in Go, mostly due to Go's simplicity and performance. But it's Java that is having fun in the party of big data. Go is sitting alone as a wall flower. There is no real map reduce system for Go, until now!
Glow is aiming to be a simple and scalable map reduce system, all in pure Go. Not only the system setup is simple and scalable, but also writing and running the map reduce code.
Glow also provides Map()/Filter()/Reduce() functions, which works well in standalone mode. It's totally fine to just run in standalone mode. Let's face it, very often you do not have that much data that has to run on a distributed system. Glow can fully utilize Go's efficiency and goroutines to process fairly large amount of data. And if you really need to scale up, you can scale up with Glow by running it in distributed mode.
This time I will cover:
Write a simple word count in standalone mode. Setup the distributed system. Run the word count in distributed mode. Process data on Hdfs and mongodb, and input and output data via Go channels.
People already read about Glow can skip to section 4 for a more realistic use case.
Boring Word Count
In distributed computing, the equivilent of hello word is a word count:
package main import ( "strings" "github.com/chrislusf/glow/flow" ) func main() { flow.New().TextFile( "/etc/passwd" , 3, ).Filter( func (line string ) bool { return !strings.HasPrefix(line, "#" ) }).Map( func (line string , ch chan string ) { for _, token := range strings.Split(line, ":" ) { ch <- token } }).Map( func (key string ) int { return 1 }).Reduce( func (x int , y int ) int { return x + y }).Map( func (x int ) { println( "count:" , x) }).Run() }
Here we load the “/etc/passwd” file and partitioned into 3 shards. Each shard is processed by 1 filter, 2 mappers, reduced to one count, and printed out via a mapper.
Let's run this file:
$ go run t.go count: 532
I hope you like the code here. It may not look as simple as other languages that are skipping data types. But when a project gets reasonably large, readability is a big deal. Glow's anonymous functions have the right amount of type information, which helps to understand the code, especially when someone else wrote it.
If you do not have much data now, you can actually stop here and run Glow in standalone mode. Glow's API works for both standalone mode and distributed mode. I highly encourage you start using Glow in standalone mode. It should just work.
Go channels in Glow
Glow works natually with channels. The data flows from one dataset to the next dataset via channels, either in standalone mode or distributed mode.
Another interesting usage of channel is that a channel can be a mapper's result emitter. Usually 1 mapper emits 1 result, which can be represented as function's return result, e.g.,
than 1 result, this won't work. The channel fits nicely here. If the last parameter of a mapper function is a channel, e.g., ``` func(line string, ch chan string) ```, it will be treated as the result emitter. # Setup Glow Cluster Now let us setup the Glow cluster, just in case you need to scale up. Setting up Glow Cluster is super easy. First, build the "glow" binary file:
$ go get github.com/chrislusf/glow
The compiled binary file is usually ```$GOPATH/bin/glow```. Now copy it to any computer, and run this:
// start a master on one computer > glow master // run one or more agents on computers > glow agent –dir ./glow/data –max.executors=16 –memory=2048 –master=“localhost:8930” –port 8931 // it's fine to run several agents on the same computer > glow agent –dir ./glow/data2 –max.executors=8 –memory=512 –master=“localhost:8930” –port 8932
Either master or agent only takes 5~6 MB memory. They are quiet and efficient. I highly recommend run this "glow agent" on any machine you can find, so that you can tap into the compute power any time you want, with one line of code change as follows. # Distributed Execution Just insert this line to the import section, around line 7: ```go _ "github.com/chrislusf/glow/driver"
Now the word count can run distributedly this way:
$ go run t.go -glow 2015/12/08 00:54:46 localhost:8930 allocated 1 executors. 2015/12/08 00:54:46 localhost:8930 allocated 1 executors. 2015/12/08 00:54:46 localhost:8930 allocated 2 executors. 2015/12/08 00:54:46 localhost:8930 allocated 1 executors. 127.0.0.1:8931>count: 532
Also, you can visualize the flow. Run this command:
$ go run t.go -glow -glow.flow.plot > x.dot $ dot -Tpng -owc.png x.dot
And the flow graph looks like this:
Something wrong!
You may get a different result when running distributedly vs standalone! This is because I cheated!
The input file “/etc/passwd” could be different on different servers. The file should be sent to the executor that's running the TextFile() function. Let's change the TextFile() call to this:
TextFile( "passwd" , 3)
And make sure the file is shipped to the executor:
$ go run t.go -glow -glow.related.files="/etc/passwd" ... 127.0.0.1:8931>count: 532
As you can see, still many things can break when it comes to distributed mode. We need to understand how Glow works first.
Glow Underneath
How Glow works?
The word count code looks simple, but does many things. It can act as either a driver or an executor depending on command line parameters.
When the driver starts, it will ask the Glow master for resources. The master knows the system's resource usage by the heartbeats from the Glow agents. The master will assign agents to the driver when available. By design, the Glow distributed system theorectically can run even with just one executor.
Then for each task, the driver would contact the assigned agents, and send a binary clone of itself, but run in executor mode. The driver will also tell the executor the input data locations.
Started by the agents, the executor will pull the data via network channels, process it, and write output to local agent.
The driver can send and receive data to the executors via network channels also.
Code structure
For many simple cases, the word count example is enough. However, in order to run the code as either driver or executor, this structure is recommended.
package main import ( "flag" _ "github.com/chrislusf/glow/driver" "github.com/chrislusf/glow/flow" ) var ( f1 = flow.New() f2 = flow.New() // input or output channel if any inputChan = make( chan InputType) outputChan = make( chan OutputType) ) func init() { // flow definitions f1.Channel(inputChan).Map(...).Reduce(...).AddOutput(outputChan) f2.Slice(...).Map(...).Reduce(...) } func main() { // these 2 lines are needed // to differentiate executor mode and driver mode. // Just always add them. flag.Parse() flow.Ready() // start the flow go f1.Run() // feed into input channel if any ... // wait for the output channel if any ... // possibly start other flow f2.Run() }
So basically 2 things to follow:
the flag.Parse() and flow.Ready() need to be called after the main() starts. the flow definitions should be inside init()
Why define flows in init()?
It is worth noting that I declared the flow definition in init() function.
This is because Go currently lacks the capability to dynamically compile and load a piece of code. This impacts the design of Glow. In distributed mode, Glow needs to send the compiled binary to Glow Agents, and then run the binary in executor mode by adding flow id and task id to existing command line options.
To achieve this correctly, the flows should be statically deterministic. The flows and the flow steps should not change given the same command line parameters.
Go's init() is an ideal place to cleanly define flows, in one or multiple files.
How to make flows dynamically?
As mentioned above, the flows are static. How to dynamically change the flow?
Actually we do not change flows. We can just define multiple flows, and dynamically invoke a flow based on the results coming out of the flow via channels.
The flow definitions can be thought as machines. Your code can have many machines, defined in several files' init() functions. Depending on your situation, you can start a machine, feed it via Go's channels, and read the output also via Go's channels.
A typical example would be running Linear Regression until the error is small enough. The error can be sent back to the driver, and the driver can decide whether it needs to run one more round of regression.
A more real example
Let's assume you have a folder of log access files on hdfs, and want to join it with a Mongodb database of user accounts, to find out the most active user age group. The expected output is pairs of
Let's define the data types first. In Glow, the data between all steps are in common Go types. For current example, the overly simplified types for log line and user account are: ```go type LogLine struct { Page string UserId int } type UserAccount struct { UserId int Age int }
Go's strict type system is one of my favorite Go features. This would make refactoring super easy. When there are lots of data processing flows, detecting schema changes during compile time is invaluable.
We will use Go's channels to feed data from the driver to the executors, and read the outputs out also via channels.
However, the log files usually are fairly large. It's not efficient to read all data to the driver, and scatter them out to the cluster. Instead, we will just use the driver to list files under the folder, and send the list of files via channel to the executors. Each executor will pull its own input data from hdfs. This is implemented in the hdfs.Source function.
We will read the data from Mongodb from an executor.
Here is the complete source code.
package main import ( "flag" "fmt" "strconv" "strings" _ "github.com/chrislusf/glow/driver" "github.com/chrislusf/glow/flow" "github.com/chrislusf/glow/source/hdfs" "labix.org/v2/mgo" ) type LogLine struct { Url string UserId int } type User struct { Id int Age int } type AccessByAgeGroup struct { AgeRange int Count int } var ( f = flow.New() flowOut = make( chan AccessByAgeGroup) ) func init() { lines := hdfs.Source( // each executor reads a file from hdfs f, "hdfs://localhost:9000/etc" , 3, // listed files are partitioned to 3 shards ).Map( func (line string , ch chan LogLine) { parts := strings.Split(line, "," ) userId, _ := strconv.Atoi(parts[1]) ch <- LogLine{parts[0], userId} }).Map( func (line LogLine) ( int , int ) { return line.UserId, 1 }).ReduceByKey( func (a, b int ) int { return a + b }) users := f.Source( func (out chan User) { // an executor reads from mongodb iterate( "mongodb://127.0.0.1" , "example" , "users" , func (iter *mgo.Iter) { var user User for iter.Next(&user) { out <- user } }, ) }, 3).Map( func (user User) ( int , int ) { return user.Id, user.Age / 10 }) lines.Join(users).Map( func (userId int , count int , ageRange int ) ( int , int ) { return ageRange, count }).ReduceByKey( func (a, b int ) int { return a + b }).AddOutput(flowOut) // the 2 ints fit into type AccessByAgeGroup } func main() { // needed to run on each executor flag.Parse() // needed to differentiate executor mode and driver mode. flow.Ready() // just start the flow go f.Run() // wait for the output for t := range flowOut { fmt.Printf( "age %d~%d, access count:%d
" , t.AgeRange*10, (t.AgeRange+1)*10, t.Count) } } func iterate(mongodbUrl, dbName, collectionName string , fn func (*mgo.Iter)) { session, err := mgo.Dial(mongodbUrl) if err != nil { println(err) return } iter := session.DB(dbName).C(collectionName).Find( nil ).Iter() fn(iter) if err := iter.Close(); err != nil { println(err) } }
Assume the file is x.go. Similarly, just run this in standalone mode:
$ go run x.go
Run in distributed mode:
$ go run x.go -glow
Generate the flow diagram:
$ go run x.go -glow -glow.flow.plot > x.dot $ dot -Tpng -ojoin.png x.dot
The generated flow chart is:
Final words
Glow is simple, but powerful. Setting up a Glow cluster is super easy. A simple piece of code is all you need to run distributedly.
Conceptually, we just use Go's channels to connect to a flow.
Glow has many components underneath. But the code is fairly easy to read, with potential to improve or customize. I welcome everyone to start using it and welcome any improvements.
Glow's APIs, e.g., Map()/Reduce()/Filter() functions, can be used in standalone mode also. It makes code easy to read and write. This could also be quite useful.
Golang's channel is an ideal model for moving data along the processing system. Glow currently works with batch proccesing, and may support stream processing in the future.
Glow also need to add monitoring, fault tolerant error handling, etc. Lots of work to be done. Welcome to any kind of contribution!
Glow has limitations that Go code can not be sent and executed remotely. My next project, Gleam, tries to address this. More details later.
When news broke late Friday that the Oakland Police Department had lost its third chief in a little over a week, the Twittersphere lit up with disbelief.
“What the holy eff is goin on with #Oakland leadership?” one person tweeted.
“This is getting dicey for Mayor (Libby) Schaaf,” wrote another.
“Even the worst-run McDonald's doesn't have turnover like this,” tweeted a third.
Within an hour, Schaaf went back before the microphones to address the latest in a series of unfolding scandals — racist text messages allegedly sent in 2014 by black officers. It had been just a few hours since word leaked that a homicide investigator was in trouble for allegedly having their then-girlfriend write their reports. In between those headline grabbers came the news that acting Chief Paul Figueroa had stepped aside after just two days for unexplained reasons.
Hanging over it all, of course, is the big one: An investigation into whether cops were having sex with an underage hooker and in at least one case tipping them off to a prostitution sweep.
Sources later told us that Figueroa wasn't under investigation for any wrongdoing. Schaaf wouldn't talk about it, other than to say they aren't caught up in the racist texts or sex scandal.
The mayor did their best to show that they were in control. They said it was changes she's made to Police Department oversight that are leading to all this bad news being rooted out. They once again took ownership for firing interim Chief Ben Fairow, whom they had brought over from the BART police, after all of six days.
Fairow, whose sin may have been an extramarital affair more than a decade ago, was brought in to replace Chief Sean Whent, whom Schaaf showed the door for mishandling the sex scandal.
Schaaf is gambling that whatever the short-term political costs of their rapid-fire actions to clean up the “frat house” police culture, they will pay off in the long haul.
But it's a tough image to sell to a city that is only beginning to climb out of years of soaring crime and criticism of police for mishandling protests.
“I don't think the mayor is out of control,” said civil rights attorney John Burris, who is party to the negotiated settlement that led to federal court monitoring of the Police Department. “She is being confronted with difficult situations and having to make decisions.”
Burris said Schaaf is right to claim credit for creating the environment that is leading to the discovery of one scandal after another.
“Basically it's going down because of their commitment to ferret out the truth and uncover unholy relationship, and I think people have gotten nervous about that,” Burris said.
So far, Schaaf appears to have the support of the City Council — or at least its silence.
“The mayor was dealt this hand, and they are trying to do the best job they can do,” said Councilman Larry Reid, who earlier in the week had expressed frustration over Whent's abrupt ouster.
“It's really starting to tax her,” Reid said.
It's taxing everyone.
Blue line: There's still plenty of head scratching over the scope of the police sex scandal that has rocked the Bay Area — and over just how a teen sex worker managed to connect with as many as 14 Oakland police officers, plus cops in other agencies from San Francisco to Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
According to a lawyer familiar with the case, who wasn't authorized to speak for the record, the now-18-year-old woman befriended most of the officers on Facebook — playing off the fact that their mother was an Oakland police dispatcher and their aunt was a dispatcher in Contra Costa County.
“They always started out legitimately and in a tone that was not sexual,” the attorney said.
The woman would open up by messaging that they hoped to be a dispatcher themselves one day and that they had a lot of respect for cops.
Among those they reached out to were officers from Richmond who had worked in the schools where they grew up. They would mention teachers and other people they both knew, said our source.
After a time, the chatting became more flirtatious, in some cases turning to sexting and eventually resulting in sexual encounters.
The officers involved could lose their jobs for any of three reasons — having sex with the woman when they were under 18, knowing that they were a sex worker and consorting with their anyway, and — as is suspected in at least one Oakland case — tipping them off about planned prostitution sweeps.
But no matter their contact, the attorney said, “they are all being put in the uncomfortable position of being questioned about their communications with her.”
Alioto reborn: Former San Francisco Supervisor Angela Alioto is ready for their return to the city's political arena, and they already have an adversary picked out: Supervisor Aaron Peskin.
Alioto left the Board of Supervisors in 1997 and ran unsuccessfully for mayor in 2003. On June 7, they won election to the Democratic County Central Committee, where they want to push for comprehensive health care and call out “corrupt public officials.”
They didn't say whom they meant by corrupt officials. But she's clearly not happy with Peskin, saying they used their clout to block their plan to turn Vallejo Street between Grant and Columbus avenues into a traffic-free “poets plaza.”
Alioto says it was payback for their endorsement of Peskin opponent Julie Christensen in the 2015 supervisorial race.
Peskin says that's nonsense. They simply slowed down the push for a poets plaza, they said, because “there are legitimate concerns being raised by both residents and businesses.”
Peskin added that they were “delighted” that Alioto is going to be on the DCCC — and joining them there. Peskin was elected to the committee as well.
“This will resolve itself,” they said.
Just as Muhammad Ali and George Foreman resolved their differences.
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX-TV morning and evening news. They can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: matierandross
Believe it or not, there was a time when shipping container homes seemed like nothing more than a novel idea. While many saw the sustainability benefits from building a home with recycled shipping containers, most thought they looked much too ugly to call home. Well thankfully there are talented designers out there, with a much better knack for creativity and design than us. It's these designers, architects, and outside of the box thinkers that have taken the trend of shipping container homes to new heights over the years. What was once just a bizarre thought has now become the ultimate dream for many of us.
These days there are a handful of companies waiting to make your dream become a reality, some right here in the United States. These steel shipping container homes (often referred to as storage container houses) are completely manufactured in a factory-controlled environment, so there is no need to worry about reliability or quality control. All you have to do is supply the land, and the money of course. Next comes the design process. What exactly are you looking for? Would you like a single container transformed into a small studio or office space? Or how about a collection of shipping containers fused together in order to create a much more spacious residence? We've been writing about these things for years, and have amassed a collection of the best shipping container houses to help you get inspired for your project (or just drool over). So without further ado, we present to you, the 15 greatest shipping container homes on the planet – in no particular order.
1. $40,000 Containers Of Hope Residence
With a $40,000 budget, Benjamin Garcia Saxe used two 40-foot long shipping containers to create this cozy 1,000 square feet space. The home is located in San Jose, Costa Rica, and proves you don't need deep pockets to fund a shipping container home project. [Details]
2. Colorado Shipping Container Home by Studio H:T
The design team at Studio H:T thought a bit outside of the box with this one. Rather than build the entire home from shipping containers, they chose to add 2 storage containers to the outsides of a pre-existing structure. The residence is nestled on a ledge in Nederland, Colorado, and includes roof mounted solar panels, passive cooling, and much more. [Details]
3. Six-Unit Shipping Container Home
Based in Flagstaff, Arizona, this collection of 6 shipping containers has been criss-crossed every which way to create an amazing dwelling. The home features concrete floors, large glass windows, rooftop terrace, industrial finishes, and red brick colored stairs to really tie the space together nicely. The project took 2 years to complete as a student-designer collaboration. [Details]
4. Maison Container Life Residence
Another instance of multiple shipping containers being used, the Maison Container Life project was designed by French architect Patrick Partouche. There are 8 different containers, creating 2,238 square feet of living space. This residence took just three days to build, although they did have some help from some very large cranes. [Details]
5. Colorful São Paulo Shipping Container Residence
Rather than build the actual home from shipping containers, renowned Brazilian architect Marcio Kogan chose to integrate massive, vibrantly colored containers to the mix by stacking them all throughout the living space. [Details]
6. Shipping Container Guest House by Poteet Architects
Guest houses are typically small anyway, so why not build yours from a recycled shipping container? Designed by the team at Poteet Architects, this modern living space spans 360 square feet, and has everything one would need from a living room and study area, right down to the bathroom and patio. [Details]
7. Mojave Desert Shipping Container Home
Built by the folks at Ectotech Design, this is is the first ever shipping container residence to be constructed in the Mojave Desert. The 2,300 square foot home (known as the Tim Palen Studio at Shadow Mountain) is located near Joshua Tree, and encompasses six shipping containers along with pre-engineered steel components. The home includes one bedroom along with 1.5 bathrooms. [Details]
8. San Francisco Shipping Container Office & Guest Bedroom
Okay so technically it's not a shipping container home, but the use of containers for this project could not be overlooked. Seeing that they have a large open space in their San Francisco loft, couple Jeff Wardell and Claudia Sagan placed 2 shipping containers right off the living room. One container serves as a guest house, while the other serves as a fully functional home office. [Details]
9. Stacked Shipping Container Home in Spain
Located in El Tiemblo, Spain (a province of Avila) this project materialized back in 2010, and still looks great to this day. There are 4 different 40-foot shipping containers making up the 2,000 square feet of living space. The project was designed by James & Mau Arquitectura while Infinski actually built it out. [Details]
10. Savannah Woods Shipping Container Dwelling
A young couple residing in the woodsy town of Savannah, Georgia commissioned Price Street Projects for this tiny home. While it might not look like much from the outside, the white walls, dark floors and skylights provide a nice modern touch throughout the dwelling. [Details]
11. Six Oaks Shipping Container Residence
Looking to create the ultimate getaway in the Santa Cruz Mountains, a local family hired David Fenster of Modulus in sunny California to build this beauty. Fenster went with darker containers than many of the projects on this list, and situated the home atop an old railway that now serves as an underground escape route during an emergency. The home is 1,200 square feet. [Details]
12. Redondo Beach Shipping Container House
Located just north of us in Los Angeles, this stunning home did a standup job combining traditional building materials with prefabricated shipping containers. Built as a collaboration project between DeMaria Design and Logical Homes, this residence has everything one could ever ask for – including close proximity to the beach. [Details]
13. Port-A-Bach Shipping Container Home
Designed to be inexpensive and portable, the Port-A-Bach is the exact picture that comes to mind when we think of storage container dwellings. The tiny home was built back in 2007 by the team at Atelierworkshop, and features a double bed alongside 2-fold out bunk beds, providing sleeping quartes for up to 4 people. Unfolding the boxy home provides a nice deck to enjoy everything the great outdoors has to offer. [Details]
14. Shipping Container Complex in Scotland
Taking a different approach than many on the list, Edo Architecture was commissioned to design an entire complex of rentable shipping container residences in Cove Park, Scotland. The team welded 6 shipping containers together to create a tiny little waterfront resort. [Details]
15. Zigloo Domestique Shipping Container Home in Canada
Considered one of the very first shipping container homes in Canada, this dwelling was built using a total of eight 20-foot shipping containers. The home spans 1,920 square feet, and was designed by Keith Dewey. [Details]
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Leading supporters of the Federal Reserve's bond-buying program are not rushing to scale back the pace of purchases as the job market improves.
In an interview with reporters, Charles Evans, the president of the Chicago Federal Reserve Bank, and a leading architect of the Fed's ultra-loose policy, counseled a go-slow approach to making any changes to the $85-billion-a-month per month purchases of Treasurys and mortgage-backed securities.
“I think this is the point where we have to be patient and let our policies work,” Evans told reporters over breakfast.
“I prefer and think it is best that we continue to provide strong confidence that we are going to be doing appropriate accommodative policies to get the economy going again,” they said.
Other leading doves on the central bank, Eric Rosengren of the Boston Fed and Narayana Kocherlakota of the Minneapolis Fed Bank, also gave speeches that showed no rush to taper the program.
Rosengren and Evans both said they expected the asset purchases to last through 2013.
Evans said the Fed will have to have confidence that the economy was on solid footing in the second half of the year before changing policy.
“That could easily mean that we need to work our way through the second half before we have enough confidence that growth is strong enough,” Evans said.
Some other Fed officials are eager for the Fed to scale-back the asset purchases. A few believe the Fed should start tapering as soon as possible.
Reuters Dennis Lockhart, President, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, and Charles Evans (left), President and CEO, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, take part in a panel discussion titled "Twist and Shout: The Limits of U.S. Monetary Policy" at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California May 1, 2012.
Sandra Pianalto, the president of the Cleveland Fed Bank, is more moderate. In a speech to an accounting group, Pianalto said the asset purchases could be scaled back if the economy continues gather momentum.
“That outcome could emerge before long, but it still remains to be seen,” Pianalto said.
The Fed is currently buying $45 billion in long-term Treasurys and $40 billion of mortgage-backed securities each month. After a two-day meeting last week, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke said the Fed wanted to be convinced that recent improvement in the labor market was sustainable before curbing the purchases. Read ‘Fed still unconvinced of job-market healing'
William Dudley, the president of the New York Fed, said in a speech Monday that they expected the fed would eventually scale back the pace of the purchases.
But Evans argued that the asset purchases were helping the economy.
“I can't see that those are the parameters for doing less,” Evans said.
“I want to be really careful” about the signal that reducing bond-buying would be, they said.
Evans said they were open-minded and a couple of months of job growth over 300,000 would get their attention. In February, 236,000 jobs were created.
Evans and Rosengren downplayed potential costs of the program.
Evans said the benefits of the purchases dwarf the potential costs. “At the moment, it is not even a close call,” they said.
Critics of asset purchases view them as inflationary. But Rosengren said that this criticism “has become more muted” with the purchases going on for five years of stable inflation.
William Blum
As they resemble in many ways most of the people who supported Obama against McCain in 2008, today's defenders of Qaddafi seem well-meaning if ill-advised. I can understand why they would consider them a lesser evil when matched against what they see as a diabolical cabal consisting of Al-Qaida operatives backed by NATO who are interested in nothing except surrendering Libya's oil to foreign multinationals. Whether or not this is exactly what Libya is facing is not so important. Once you enter into “lesser evil” territory, there is a driving necessity to make the “greater evil” look as bad as possible as anybody who watches MSNBC from 6 to 11 each evening can attest.
And just like Obama was turned into something they really aren't in 2008—a knight in shining armor—there is the same compulsion to depict Qaddafi as a heroic anti-imperialist in the style of Castro at the Bay of Pigs. To do this successfully, you need to cherry-pick your facts. I first heard the term cherry-picking in the run-up to the war in Iraq and always get a chuckle out of it.
My father had a fruit store when I was growing up and I would often see old Jewish men and women standing at the cherry bin spending sometimes up to five minutes picking out the “good” cherries. My father would always glare at them but never said a word. Too bad Harvey Pekar wasn't around to open up their mouth.
Thinking about it a bit more, I would have to say that more than cherry-picking was involved. Since it was so difficult to find “anti-imperialist” credentials for a dictator who in recent years was pals with Berlusconi and kept a photo album of Condoleezza Rice in their bedroom that might remind you of the kind that a thirteen year girl kept of Justin Bieber, you sort of had to—how should I put this—make things up.
When the person making things up is William Blum, you really get a sense of regret. Here is someone whose reputation rests on a couple of excellent books on American foreign policy that match up well to anything that Chomsky ever wrote.Why they would jettison their journalistic standards to make Qaddafi something that they aren't is a mystery to me except that I understand how the herd mentality operates. As a member of the SWP for 11 years, I have seen peer pressure in action. Challenging the myth of Qaddafi as anti-imperialist is likely to earn you the reputation of NATO supporter, as I have learned. In my case, however, I could give less of shit what other people think of me. After 11 years of currying favor with the leadership of a sect, I am much more inclined to let the chips fall where they may nowadays.
Yesterday I got Blum's latest Anti-Empire Report that can be read here. It contains an article titled “Libya and the world we live in” that makes some useful points about imperialist perfidy, but careens off the tracks in a series of bullet points that seek to turn Qaddafi into Washington's worst nightmare. This version of Qaddafi can only be drawn by ignoring 5 years of newspaper reports that any serious journalist had to come to terms with. As I have told Blum in private email, you cannot take the notion of Qaddafi as anti-imperialist figure seriously when there are literally dozens of articles like this:
The Washington Post
January 3, 2008 Thursday
Libya Officially Welcomed Back To the U.S. Fold;
Foreign Minister to Meet Rice Today
By Robin Wright; Washington Post Staff Writer
Abdel-Rahman Shalqam and their wife received a personal tour of the White House, an official escort on Capitol Hill and a luncheon with executives from Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Occidental Petroleum and Raytheon, as well as the U.S. trade representative's office.
So began the official redemption of Libya yesterday, as the foreign minister of a country once equated with “barbarism” became that nation's highest ranking official to visit Washington in 35 years.
Shalqam continues meetings today with the secretaries of state, homeland security and energy, as well as the deputy secretary of defense, about ways to deepen ties between Washington and Tripoli, according to both U.S. and Libyan officials. At lunch yesterday, they virtually gushed about the importance of Libyan students getting an American education and U.S. companies doing business in Libya.
Instead of accepting this version of Qaddafi, Blum prefers to invent a version based on half-truths and—more depressingly—falsification. Let me take up their points one by one.
1. Gaddafi's plans to conduct Libya's trading in Africa in raw materials and oil in a new currency — the gold African dinar, a change that could have delivered a serious blow to the US's dominant position in the world economy. (In 2000, Saddam Hussein announced Iraqi oil would be traded in euros, not dollars; sanctions and an invasion followed.) For further discussion see here.
I find such explanations far-fetched and have to cringe at Blum's link to back up this claim. It leads you to Final Call, the Nation of Islam's newspaper. In case you weren't aware of it, Qaddafi loaned the Nation $3 million in 1971. They tried to bribe African strong men over four decades, so this sop to the Black Muslims is par for the course.
The Final Call article states that the switch to the dinar would “finally swing the global economic pendulum” and break Western domination over Africa. The source of this quote is Gerald Perreira, who was interviewed in BayView, a Black newspaper based in San Francisco. The BayView described them as having served in “the Green March, an international battalion for the defense of the Libyan revolution” and as an executive member of the World Mathaba based in Tripoli. An unimpeachably objective source, to be sure.
2. A host-country site for Africom, the US Africa Command, one of six regional commands the Pentagon has divided the world into. Many African countries approached to be the host have declined, at times in relatively strong terms. Africom at present is headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany. According to a State Department official: “We've got a big image problem down there. … Public opinion is really against getting into bed with the US. They just don't trust the US.”5
Even after tipping Blum off that the business about AFRICOM was nonsense, they continue to stand by it. My article detailing AFRICOM's chummy relationship with the Libyan military brass is here.
3. An American military base to replace the one closed down by Gaddafi after they took power in 1969. There's only one such base in Africa, in Djibouti. Watch for one in Libya sometime after the dust has settled. It'll perhaps be situated close to the American oil wells. Or perhaps the people of Libya will be given a choice — an American base or a NATO base. Another example of NATO desperate to find a raison d'être for its existence since the end of the Cold War and the Warsaw Pact.
Blum doesn't even bother to mention the fact that the TNC, whatever its other faults, has rejected such bases.
4. Gaddafi's role in creating the African Union. The corporate bosses never like it when their wage slaves set up a union. The Libyan leader has also supported a United States of Africa for they know that an Africa of 54 independent states will continue to be picked off one by one and abused and exploited by the members of the Triumvirate. Gaddafi has moreover demanded greater power for smaller countries in the United Nations.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry over this one. African Union troops have turned one country or another into a living hell since its inception. The Party of Liberation and Socialism, whose views on Libya are as diametrically opposed to mine as is imaginable, described the role of AU troops (AMISOM) in Somalia:
After duly plunging the country back into war, the United States and European Union have gone to great lengths to support increases in AMISOM forces and provide money, weapons and training to TFG troops. A recent report by The Nation details substantial CIA operations in Somalia, where it runs a secret prison and trains a secret police.
In fact, if Blum did a little bit of digging, they would still have discovered that AFRICOM, their bogeyman, and AMISOM worked closely together:
November 4, 2010
By Abayomi Azikiwe
Editor, Pan-African Newswire
Published Nov 3, 2010
A 10-day joint military exercise involving the European Union, the U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) and the African Union headquarters based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, was recently uncovered in a series of press releases from the Pentagon and other sources. Labeled “Amani Africa,” the operation brought together the combined forces of the EU, the Pentagon and 120 African military components.
Ostensibly designed to enhance the military and security capacity of the 53-member African Union states, the fact that both the EU and the Pentagon were heavily involved in this process raises questions about the role of the leading imperialist states in usurping and misdirecting African political and military policy on the continent. The joint exercises culminated on Oct. 29 with a VIP ceremony in the U.S.-backed state of Ethiopia.
According to African Union Commission Chair Jean Ping of Gabon, “The command post exercise is the culmination of two years of engagement and partnership throughout the Amani Africa cycle of preparations and activities, designed to both contribute toward and validate the operational readiness of the African Standby Force. The ASF therefore lies at the very core of the efforts of the African Union to take ownership of and lead in matters related to peace, security and development in Africa.” (U.S. AFRICOM Public Affairs, Oct. 27)
5. The claim by Gaddafi's son, Saif el Islam, that Libya had helped to fund Nicolas Sarkozy's election campaign6 could have humiliated the French president and explain their obsessiveness and haste in wanting to be seen as playing the major role in implementing the “no fly zone” and other measures against Gaddafi.
This is too silly to bother refuting.
6. Gaddafi has been an outstanding supporter of the Palestinian cause and critic of Israeli policies; and on occasion has taken other African and Arab countries, as well as the West, to task for their not matching their policies or rhetoric; one more reason for their lack of popularity amongst world leaders of all stripes.
I really have to wonder about Blum's state of mind on this one. Either they are not aware that Qaddafi tried to expel all Palestinians from Libya or is aware of it and decided that it didn't matter. For those of you who are not aware of this blemish on Qaddafi's reputation—one among millions—read this.
7. In January, 2009, Gaddafi made known that they were considering nationalizing the foreign oil companies in Libya.7
I dealt with Qaddafi's “resource nationalism” here.
8. The American Empire is troubled by any threat to its hegemony. In the present historical period the empire is concerned mainly with Russia and China. China has extensive energy investments and construction investments in Libya and elsewhere in Africa.
Unlike the other points above, this one at least has a whiff of plausibility. I would say that the imperialists are concerned about China (Russia less so in my opinion) but as is typically the case it will find a way to adjust to new realities:
China has been slowly reaching out to Libya's TNC. In June, it signaled its willingness to engage both sides when Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met the TNC leader Mahmoud Jibril. At the same time, China hosted Gadhafi's foreign minister in Beijing.
On Wednesday, China's Foreign Ministry gave its clearest show of support yet when it issued a statement saying it respects the choice of the Libyan people and hopes for a stable transition of power.
One day later, French President Nicolas Sarkozy made a stopover in Beijing and met with Chinese President Hu Jintao. Libya was one of several key topics the two discussed.
China's Foreign Ministry also has urged Libya to protect its oil interests there. China is the world's second biggest consumer of oil. Last year, three percent of its oil imports came from Libya.
As Kissinger once said, “America has no permanent friends or enemies, only interests.” The Chinese must have figured this out from their visit to their country–what's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Cacti tool is an open source web based network monitoring and system monitoring graphing solution for IT business. Cactus enables a user to poll services at regular intervals to create graphs on resulting data using RRDtool. Generally, it is used to graph time-series data of metrics such as network bandwidth utilization, CPU load, running processes, disk space etc.
In this how-to we are going to show you how to install and setup complete network monitoring application called Cacti using Net-SNMP tool on RHEL 7.x/6.x/5.x, CentOS 7.x/6.x/5.x and Fedora 24-12 systems using YUM and DNF (Fedora 23 onwards) package manager tool.
Cacti Required Packages
The Cacti required following packages to be installed on your Linux operating systems like RHEL / CentOS / Fedora.
Apache : A Web server to display network graphs created by PHP and RRDTool. MySQL : A Database server to store cacti information. PHP : A script module to create graphs using RRDTool. PHP-SNMP : A PHP extension for SNMP to access data. NET-SNMP : A SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) is used to manage network. RRDTool : A database tool to manage and retrieve time series data like CPU load, Network Bandwidth etc.
Installing Cacti Required Packages on RHEL / CentOS / Fedora
First, we need to install following dependency packages one-by-one using YUM package manager tool.
Install Apache
# yum install httpd httpd-devel --------- On Fedora 22+ releases --------- # dnf install httpd httpd-devel
Install MySQL
# yum install mysql mysql-server [On RHEL/CentOS 6/5 and Fedora 12-18]
MariaDB is a community-developed fork of the MySQL database project, and provides a replacement for MySQL. Previously the official supported database was MySQl under RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora.
Recently, RedHat makes a new transaction from MySQl to MariaDB, as MariaDB is the default implementation of MySQL in RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 onwards..
# yum install mariadb-server -y [On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 onwards] # dnf install mariadb-server -y [On Fedora 22+ onwards]
Install PHP
# yum install php-mysql php-pear php-common php-gd php-devel php php-mbstring php-cli --------- On Fedora 22+ releases --------- # dnf install php-mysql php-pear php-common php-gd php-devel php php-mbstring php-cli
Install PHP-SNMP
# yum install php-snmp # dnf install php-snmp [On Fedora 22+ onwards]
Install NET-SNMP
# yum install net-snmp-utils net-snmp-libs # dnf install net-snmp-utils net-snmp-libs [On Fedora 22+ onwards]
Install RRDTool
# yum install rrdtool # dnf install rrdtool [On Fedora 22+ onwards]
Staring Apache, MySQL and SNMP Services
Once you've installed all the required software's for Cacti installation, lets start them one-by-one using following commands.
On RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora 18-12
On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 Onwards
Configure System Start-up Links
Configuring Apache, MySQL and SNMP Services to start on boot.
On RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora 18-12
On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 Onwards
Install Cacti on RHEL / CentOS / Fedora
Here, you need to install and enable EPEL Repository. Once you've enabled repository, type the following command to install Cacti application.
# yum install cacti # dnf install cacti [On Fedora 22+ onwards]
Sample Output:
Loaded plugins: fastestmirror, langpacks epel/x86_64/metalink | 4.7 kB 00:00:00 epel | 4.4 kB 00:00:00 (1/2): epel/x86_64/group_gz | 250 kB 00:00:03 (2/2): epel/x86_64/primary_db | 4.0 MB 00:02:20 (1/2): epel/x86_64/updateinfo | 315 kB 00:00:09 (2/2): epel/x86_64/pkgtags | 1.4 MB 00:00:59 Loading mirror speeds from cached hostfile * base: centos.excellmedia.net * epel: ftp.cuhk.edu.hk * extras: centos.excellmedia.net * updates: centos.excellmedia.net Resolving Dependencies --> Running transaction check ---> Package cacti.noarch 0:0.8.8b-7.el7 will be installed --> Processing Dependency: rrdtool for package: cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch --> Processing Dependency: net-snmp-utils for package: cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch --> Running transaction check ---> Package net-snmp-utils.x86_64 1:5.7.2-18.el7 will be installed ---> Package rrdtool.x86_64 0:1.4.8-8.el7 will be installed --> Finished Dependency Resolution Dependencies Resolved ============================================================================================================================================================================================= Package Arch Version Repository Size ============================================================================================================================================================================================= Installing: cacti noarch 0.8.8b-7.el7 epel 2.1 M Installing for dependencies: net-snmp-utils x86_64 1:5.7.2-18.el7 base 195 k rrdtool x86_64 1.4.8-8.el7 base 368 k Transaction Summary ============================================================================================================================================================================================= Install 1 Package (+2 Dependent packages) Total download size: 2.7 M Installed size: 7.2 M Is this ok [y/d/N]: y Downloading packages: (1/3): net-snmp-utils-5.7.2-18.el7.x86_64.rpm | 195 kB 00:00:04 warning: /var/cache/yum/x86_64/7/epel/packages/cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch.rpm: Header V3 RSA/SHA256 Signature, key ID 352c64e5: NOKEY==============- ] 56 kB/s | 2.4 MB 00:00:05 ETA Public key for cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch.rpm is not installed (2/3): cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch.rpm | 2.1 MB 00:00:53 (3/3): rrdtool-1.4.8-8.el7.x86_64.rpm | 368 kB 00:02:47 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Total 16 kB/s | 2.7 MB 00:02:47 Retrieving key from file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-EPEL-7 Importing GPG key 0x352C64E5: Userid : "Fedora EPEL (7) <[email protected]>" Fingerprint: 91e9 7d7c 4a5e 96f1 7f3e 888f 6a2f aea2 352c 64e5 Package : epel-release-7-5.noarch (installed) From : /etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-EPEL-7 Is this ok [y/N]: y Running transaction check Running transaction test succeeded Running transaction Warning: RPMDB altered outside of yum. Installing : rrdtool-1.4.8-8.el7.x86_64 1/3 Installing : 1:net-snmp-utils-5.7.2-18.el7.x86_64 2/3 Installing : cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch 3/3 /var/tmp/rpm-tmp.mR0t1v: line 1: fg: no job control warning: %post(cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch) scriptlet failed, exit status 1 Non-fatal POSTIN scriptlet failure in rpm package cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch Verifying : 1:net-snmp-utils-5.7.2-18.el7.x86_64 1/3 Verifying : rrdtool-1.4.8-8.el7.x86_64 2/3 Verifying : cacti-0.8.8b-7.el7.noarch 3/3 Installed: cacti.noarch 0:0.8.8b-7.el7 Dependency Installed: net-snmp-utils.x86_64 1:5.7.2-18.el7 rrdtool.x86_64 0:1.4.8-8.el7 Complete!
Configuring MySQL Server for Cacti Installation
We need to configure MySQL for Cacti, to do this we need to set password for our newly installed MySQL server and then we will create Cacti database with user Cacti. If you're MySQL is already password protected, then don't need to set it again.
Set MySQL Password
To set new password for MySQL server, use the following command. (Note : This is for new MySQL installation only).
[[email protected] ~]# mysqladmin -u root password YOUR-PASSWORD-HERE
Create MySQL Cacti Database
Login into MySQL server with newly created password and create Cacti database with user Cacti and set the password for it.
On RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora 18-12
[[email protected] ~]# mysql -u root -p Enter password: Welcome to the MySQL monitor. Commands end with ; or \g. Your MySQL connection id is 3 Server version: 5.1.73 Source distribution Copyright (c) 2000, 2013, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Type 'help;' or '\h' for help. Type '\c' to clear the current input statement. mysql> create database cacti; Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec) mysql> GRANT ALL ON cacti.* TO [email protected] IDENTIFIED BY 'tecmint'; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec) mysql> FLUSH privileges; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec) mysql> quit; Bye
On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 Onwards
[[email protected] ~]# mysql -u root -p Enter password: Welcome to the MariaDB monitor. Commands end with ; or \g. Your MariaDB connection id is 3 Server version: 5.5.41-MariaDB MariaDB Server Copyright (c) 2000, 2014, Oracle, MariaDB Corporation Ab and others. Type 'help;' or '\h' for help. Type '\c' to clear the current input statement. MariaDB [(none)]> create database cacti; Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec) MariaDB [(none)]> GRANT ALL ON cacti.* TO [email protected] IDENTIFIED BY 'tecmint'; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec) MariaDB [(none)]> FLUSH privileges; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec) MariaDB [(none)]> quit; Bye
Install Cacti Tables to MySQL
Find out the database file path using RPM command, to install cacti tables into newly created Cacti database, use the following command.
# rpm -ql cacti | grep cacti.sql
Sample Output:
/usr/share/doc/cacti-0.8.8b/cacti.sql OR /usr/share/doc/cacti/cacti.sql
Now we've of the location of Cacti.sql file, type the following command to install tables, here you need to type the Cacti user password.
[[email protected] ~]# mysql -u cacti -p cacti < /usr/share/doc/cacti-0.8.8b/cacti.sql Enter password:
Configure MySQL settings for Cacti
Open the file called /etc/cacti/db.php with any editor.
# vi /etc/cacti/db.php
Make the following changes and save the file. Make sure you set password correctly.
/* make sure these values reflect your actual database/host/user/password */ $database_type = "mysql"; $database_default = "cacti"; $database_hostname = "localhost"; $database_username = "cacti"; $database_password = "your-password-here"; $database_port = "3306"; $database_ssl = false;
Configuring Firewall for Cacti
On RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora 18-12
[[email protected] ~]# iptables -A INPUT -p udp -m state --state NEW --dport 80 -j ACCEPT [[email protected] ~]# iptables -A INPUT -p tcp -m state --state NEW --dport 80 -j ACCEPT [[email protected] ~]# service iptables save
On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 Onwards
Configuring Apache Server for Cacti Installation
Open file called /etc/httpd/conf.d/cacti.conf with your choice of editor.
# vi /etc/httpd/conf.d/cacti.conf
You need to enabled access to Cacti application for your local network or per IP level. For example we've enabled access to our local LAN network 172.16.16.0/20. In your case, it would be different.
Alias /cacti /usr/share/cacti <Directory /usr/share/cacti/> Order Deny,Allow Deny from all Allow from 172.16.16.0/20 </Directory>
In the latest version of Apache (ex: Apache 2.4), you may need to change according to the following settings.
Alias /cacti /usr/share/cacti <Directory /usr/share/cacti/> <IfModule mod_authz_core.c> # httpd 2.4 Require all granted </IfModule> <IfModule !mod_authz_core.c> # httpd 2.2 Order deny,allow Deny from all Allow from all </IfModule> </Directory>
Finally, restart the Apache service.
[[email protected] ~]# service httpd restart [On RHEL/CentOS 6.x/5.x and Fedora 18-12] [[email protected] ~]# systemctl restart httpd.service [On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and Fedora 19 onwards]
Setting Cron for Cacti
Open file /etc/cron.d/cacti.
# vi /etc/cron.d/cacti
Uncomment the following line. The poller.php script runs every 5mins and collects data of known host which is used by Cacti application to display graphs.
#*/5 * * * * cacti /usr/bin/php /usr/share/cacti/poller.php > /dev/null 2>&1
Running Cacti Installer Setup
Finally, Cacti is ready, just go to http://YOUR-IP-HERE/cacti/ & follow the installer instruction through the following screens. Click Next button.
Please choose installation Type as "New Install".
Make sure all the following values are correct before continuing. Click Finish button.
Cacti Login Screen, enter username as admin and password as admin.
Once you've entered username and password, it will ask you to enter a new password for cacti.
Cacti Console Screen.
How to Create New Graphs
To create graphs, Click on New Graphs --> Select Host --> Select SNMP - Interface Statistics and Select a graph type In/Out Bits. Click on Create button. Please refer screen below.
For more information and usage please visit the Cacti Page.
One Set: Indigo Trigger, Carter Candlestick, Brick Of Barley[1], Doinkinbonk!!![2], Earth Mama[3] Encore: Hatti's Jam -> When It Rains, It Poors[4], Mamunes The Faun[5] Show Notes: This was the first night of the Plumptydumpty Tour. Groove Fetish opened the show. This show marked the debut of Ryan's new C2D keyboard which they lovingly dubbed "Wynter". [1] Prior to "Brick Of Barley" there was a "A Thousand Miles" (Vanessa Carlton) tease by Ryan. During the song there was a full band "X-Files Theme" tease. [2] "Doinkinbonk!!!" contained a "Little Drummer Boy" tease from Mihali & "Too Many Puppies" teases from Zdenek as well as "Blunderbuss" jam. There was also banter regarding "Tumble Down" from Zdenek near the end which also included a "Daydream Farmer" tease. [3] "Earth Mama" contained a "Stir It Up" tease from Zdenek. [4] During Ryan's solo, the entire band got on their knees to jam it out with him. [5] "Mamunes The Faun" featured Andy Blair (Groove Fetish) on guitar.
Narendra Modi has an RSS problem.
That's clear from an IPSOS Times of India survey conducted in 8 major cities across India.
The good news for the Prime Minister is that 75% of the respondents think their government has done a good job so far. Only 4% think it has performed poorly. The bad news is 62% feel hotheads of the Sangh Parivar are adversely affecting the government's development agenda. And that's a problem because over 2/3 of those surveyed maintain that development and the economy should be the government's focus.
The results should not surprise Modi. They never pretended to be anything but a proud unapologetic Hindu but they sold themselves to the voters as an economy-builder, not a temple-builder. Indians are fine, even proud of him, for handing out Bhagvad Gitas to world leaders. But they are not so happy with Ghar Wapsi mega-rallies or Love Jihad hysteria or thugs vandalizing movie theaters screening PK.
That's when it becomes a law and order issue. And Indians, whether conservative or liberal, start getting nervous about the perception of a government's own rank and file running amuck. The BJP should understand that clearly. After all, that's its main charge and strategy in West Bengal against Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool which it wants to portray as a party of indisciplined hoodlums. In Kolkata, the BJP's youth wing protests outside a Kolkata Municipal Corporation-run movie theater against its “Taliban-like” attitude for not allowing in a young woman in a skirt. In Ahmedabad, Bajrang Dal activists smash ticket windows and tear posters at movie theaters to protest the screening of PK. The BJP can say it's different from the Bajrang Dal but in the public perception, it's all in the family.
Modi understands they have a problem and is not happy about it. The Economic Times reports that after several top-level meetings between the RSS and BJP leaders including the PM, the RSS has quietly dumped Rajeshwar Singh, the man behind the much touted Ghar Wapsi programme. The PM is said to have expressed their annoyance that the row over the programme derailed their legislative agenda.
Or at least that's what we think happened.
The PM themselves has said little, one way or the other. While the Rajeshwar Singhs and Sadhvi Niranjan Jyotis make their provocative statements in full public glare, the PM chooses to crack their whip in private. So we hear about top level meetings between unnamed BJP and RSS leaders where the PM is supposedly expressing their annoyance. We hear about closed door meetings with BJP parliamentarians where the PM tells them their only agenda is development which is then construed to mean that they are saying indirectly they do not approve of their MPs shooting their mouth off about haramzaadas or Nathuram Godse.
What the IPSOS survey indicates is that as confidence building measures, these behind-the-scenes backroom manouvres fall short because Modi has sold themselves as a man who communicates directly, and often, with the people. When a controversy about the fiery statements by preacher Jeremaiah Wright threatened to derail their campaign, Barack Obama didn't just quietly move away from Wright. They spoke publicly and movingly about race in a speech titled A More Perfect Union even though it was a risky move. At this point, a Rajeshwar Singh cannot be dismissed as a stray incident, a loose cannon on the fringe. Their boss, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, has not only strongly defended ghar wapsi, they have also said, “It is our maal, so we have the right to take it back.”
Modi is now stuck between a rock and a hard place. Their defenders say the PM needs time to bring the RSS hot heads in line and they cannot be blamed for the excesses of the fringe elements of the Sangh Parivar. Swapan Dasgupta writes:
Viewing Modi as an instrument of convenience, this section is anxious to take advantage of a friendly Centre to press ahead with its pet schemes. Hitherto, Modi has placated this fringe with token, inconsequential sops such as appointments in bodies linked to education, but they now want more.
And Modi, faced with state elections every few months, depends on the RSS and its foot soldiers to deliver for them and cannot afford to antagonize them too much, even if they disapprove of their shenanigans.
That's one school of thought. A hyperactive Sangh Parivar that's acting in spite of Modi. The other school of thought paints the picture of a hyperactive Sangh Parivar acting not in spite of Modi but because of him. As Asutosh Varshney writes in the Indian Express:
It should now be clear why Modi has not yet taken a public stand against conversions. They have grown up with the RSS ideology, which views shuddhi as part of its core.
Unfortunately, neither scenario inspires much confidence. Even the Rajeshwar Singh dismissal story is cold comfort to those who want Modi to be the Development PM. There's no sense from the report whether Singh had to go because the PM disapproves of the Ghar Wapisi programmes or whether they just disapproves of the hoopla around them. As ET makes clear, the programmes have been going on for decades. What Singh did was try and scale them up and make them more high profile. Likewise, when the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti remarks caused an uproar, Modi eventually stepped in and apparently reprimanded their MP and told them to “refrain from comments that gave a bad name to the government” and took the focus away from development. India Today reported that the PM was “furious” but their anger seemed to be more about the PR impact on their government's public image rather than the substance of those remarks.
And while the BJP's supporters want to downplay these controversies as media-created, even Dasgupta writes in The Telegraph that “one of the principal reasons for the NDA's unexpected defeat in 2004 was the near-total consolidation of India's minorities – particularly Muslims and Christians against it.” They caution that “the ghar wapisi movement has been blown up to such an extent that many Christians feels there is a national campaign of targeted persecution.”
Once that perception takes root, it becomes moot whether its basis is well-founded or not. And Narendra Modi will find they will have to address it frontally and openly, not just behind closed doors. It's risky and can anger some of their base. But then a man who by their own measure has a 56-inch chest should not be afraid of calling a spade a spade.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Ahead of next weekend's Oak Tree Grand Prix at Virginia International Raceway, the GT Daytona Aston Martin and Dodge are the next cars to have Balance of Performance adjustments.
The Aston Martin V12 Vantage that is currently leading the championship with TRG-AMR will have a 1 mm air restrictor reduction and 250 less RPM.
The Dodge Viper SRT GT3-R that won last time out at Road America will have 3 mm taken off its air restrictor, a reduction of 200 RPM and a raise of 10kg in its minimum weight.
Furthermore, a larger fuelling restrictor is given to the Audi R8 LMS squads whilst the Ferrari 458 Italia has a slight reduction for the upcoming round.
No cars will have a fuel capacity alteration, despite both TRG-AMR and Riley Motorsports having complained pre-race about being unable to make the 60-minute minimum drive time on a single stint.
Instead, the minimum drive time was reduced to 50 minutes for Road America, and will remain as this for the Virginia International Raceway round.
The Oak Tree Grand Prix is the sole GT-only round of the season, and is open only to the GT Le Mans and GT Daytona categories.
The Twittersphere has exploded this evening with reports that a passenger on the Mad Decent Boat Party cruising festival has fallen overboard. Reports began streaming in from attendees that this person actually jumped from the ship, but that has not been confirmed. However, there has been confirmation of “man overboard” and the ship is executing rescue maneuvers including a turn around and deployment of lifeboats.
wow someone just jumped off the ship at Mad Decent Boat Party… praying they're ok — EDMsnob (@EDMsnob) November 12, 2015
On top of this, reports indicate that the festival onboard has come to a stop and passengers are being told to report to their staterooms for a headcount. We join the rest of the world in hoping for the best possible outcome in this situation. Stay tuned for further updates.
Lifeboats just went out, but holy shit it's dark pic.twitter.com/JhU9UmSmL8 — Ze Sus ✏️ (@zethussuen) November 12, 2015
UPDATE: 7:20PM Thankfully the person has been found! Party on and let's all be thankful that this story had a happy ending.
they were found!! Now back on board and safe!! — EDMsnob (@EDMsnob) November 13, 2015
UPDATE: 7:29PM The above tweet has been deleted. Nothing has been confirmed one way or another. UPDATE 7:42PM They have not been found. Prayers go out to them
apparently they haven't been found yet. In open, deep water at night this is really dangerous. if you make jokes about this you're an asshole — EDMsnob (@EDMsnob) November 13, 2015
UPDATE 8:40PM
3 rescue boats in the water, 2 addt'l nearby cargo ships active in search as well. US Coast Guard & Cuban auth on alert/en route. — Ze Sus ✏️ (@zethussuen) November 13, 2015
Coast guard cutter (sp?) ship directed towards our area as well as a Coast Guard rescue plane w/ estimated arrival ~1hr. — Ze Sus ✏️ (@zethussuen) November 13, 2015
UPDATE: 10PM
6 Boats in the water. Coast guard plane still 45 minutes out. PA announcements to happen every 30m instead of 15m. — Ze Sus ✏️ (@zethussuen) November 13, 2015
Find Your Next Job. Visit an Upcoming Job Fair!
Tired of looking for a job online and in the classifieds? Did you know that Toronto hosts various job fairs where job seekers can literally meet potential future employers face to face in a kind of "speed dating" atmosphere? Here are some FREE job fairs that are coming up in the next couple months in Toronto (some require tickets and/or online registration):
TAAFI Animation Job Fair
Saturday, April 29, 2017 (10 am - 6 pm)
George Brown College (51 Dockside Drive)
Job and Career Fair by TorontoEss
Wednesday, May 3, 2017 (10 am - 4 pm)
Scarborough Civic Centre (150 Borough Drive)
Federal Safety, Security, and Intelligence Career Fair
Thursday, May 4, 2017 (10 am - 4 pm)
4900 Yonge Street
Youth Job Fair (15-29 year olds) by COSTI Vaughan Employment Services
Friday, May 5, 2017 (10 am - 1 pm)
Julliard Centre (3100 Rutherford Road, Suite 102)
We Are Trades Career Advancement Fair
Thursday, May 11, 2017 (10 am - 3 pm)
National Event Venue (1000 Finch Avenue West)
Not Your Average Career Fair 2017
Saturday, May 13, 2017 (9 am - 4 pm)
Metro Toronto Convention Centre (255 Front Street West)
Canadian Job Expo May 2017 Summer Edition
Thursday, May 18, 2017 (10 am - 3 pm)
North York Memorial Hall (5110 Yonge Street)
Hire Canada Job Fair & Training Expo
Wednesday, June 14, 2017 (11 am - 3 pm)
Mississauga Convention Centre - Hall F, G (75 Derry Road)
Job Canada Fair
Thursday, July 13, 2017 (1 pm - 4 pm)
One King West Hotel & Residence (1 King Street West)
Not sure what to expect? Job fairs provide networking opportunities and give job seekers access to employers who are looking for people to hire. When attending a job fair, it is best to come prepared. The City of Toronto has provided some great tips:
Getting ready for the job fair:
Plan which employers you want to visit
Research the employers you are interested in
Bring a bunch of updated resumes
Practice a short sales pitch to highlight your background, why you are interested in the company and your skills and experience
Dress professionally
Prepare for on the spot interviews and to fill out applications
Attending the job fair:
Arrive early and meet employers on your own (instead of with friends)
Be calm, confident, smile and shake hands when greeting employers
Collect business cards to follow up with the employers
Share only positive things about your previous jobs and employers
Network with other job seekers
Make notes of which employers you met with
After the job fair:
Follow up with a phone call or email with the employers you met
If you were asked to send any additional information, do it asap
Follow up on the employer's website to check for ongoing opportunities
Ensure your voicemail greeting is professional and welcoming
Need help preparing for the fair? Various job search workshops are available throughout the city, including at the library. Get help with preparing your resume and cover letter and in sprucing up your interview skills:
If you prefer to prepare on your own, check out some of our books on the following topics.
Writing a resume:
Writing a cover letter:
Preparing for an interview:
Here's a little fairytale from Pakistan. Fourteen years ago a wise man ruled the country. They enjoyed the support of their people. But some of their treacherous generals thought they aren't that smart. One night they were held at gunpoint, handcuffed, put in a dark dungeon, sentenced to life imprisonment. But then a little miracle happened; he, along with their family and servants, was put on a royal plane and exiled to Saudi Arabia, that fancy retirement home for the world's unwanted Muslim leaders.
Two days ago that same man stood on a balcony in Lahore, thanked Allah and said: Nawaz Sharif forgives them all.
But wait, if it was a real fairytale, Imran Khan would have won the election instead, right? Can't Pakistani voters tell between a world-famous, world cup-winning, charismatic leader and a mere politician who refers to themselves in the third person?
Why didn't Imran Khan win?
Imran Khan in hospital after a fall at a campaign rally. Photograph: HO/AFP
Well they have, sort of. But not in the way they would have liked. Visiting foreign journalists have profiled Imran Khan more than they have profiled any living thing in this part of the world. If all the world's magazine editors were allowed to vote for Imran Khan they would be the prime minister of half the English-speaking world. If Imran Khan had contested in west London they would have won hands-down. But since this is Pakistan, they have won in Peshawar and two other cities. Their party is set to form a government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, that north-western frontier province of Pakistan which Khan's profile writers never fail to remind us is the province that borders Afghanistan and the tribal areas that the world is so scared of. Or as some others never fail to remind the world: the land of the fierce pathans.
It's true that Khan ran a fierce, bloody-minded campaign, drawing huge crowds. When their campaign culminated in a televised tumble from a stage, during a public rally, the whole nation held its breath. Khan galvanised not only Pakistan's parasitical upper classes but also found support among the country's young men and women of all ages; basically the kind of people who use the words politics and politician as common insults. They inspired drawing-room revolutionaries to go out and stand in the blistering heat for hours on end to vote for him. For a few months they made politics hip in Pakistan. Partly, they were relying on votes from Pakistan's posh locales. They probably forgot that there was a slight problem there: not enough posh locales in Pakistan. There were kids who flew in from Chicago, from Birmingham to vote for him. Again, there are not enough Pakistani kids living and studying in Chicago and Birmingham. They appealed to the educated middle classes but Pakistan's main problem is that there aren't enough educated urban middle-class citizens in the country.
And the masses, it appears, were not really clamouring for a revolution but for electricity.
From the gossip columns of British tabloids to massive political rallies across Pakistan, Khan has been on a meaningful journey. In their campaign speeches, their blatantly Blairite message of New Pakistan did appeal to people but they really tested their supporters' attention span when they started to lecture them about how the Scandinavian welfare state model is borrowed from the early days of the Islamic empire in Arabia. Amateur historians have never fared well in Pakistani politics. Or anywhere else. Khan promised to turn Pakistan into Sweden, Norway or any one of those countries where everyone is blond and pays tax. Their opponents promised Dubai – where everyone is either a bonded labourer or a property speculator and no one pays taxes – and won.
It's a bit of a fairytale that Khan, whose message was directed at educated urban voters, has found supporters in the north-western frontier province that profile writers must remind us is largely tribal and the front line of the world's war on terror. Khan has led a popular campaign against drone attacks. They have promised that they will shoot down drones, look Americans in the eye, sit down with the Taliban over a cup of qahwa and sort this mess out.
So we finally have someone who feels at home in Mayfair as well as Peshawar. They finally have the chance to rule Peshawar. Slight problem: as they speak no Pashto, the language of the Pathans. But their first fight will be against American drones hovering in the sky. And drones speak no Pashto either. If Khan can win this match, they can challenge Nawaz Sharif in the next elections.
Is this Nawaz Sharif man for real?
Nawaz Sharif at a campaign rally in Liaquat Bagh, Pakistan. Photograph: T. MUGHAL/EPA
Hasn't they been tried before? Twice? It seems voters in the largest province of Pakistani Punjab just can't have enough of this guy. At every campaign stop, Sharif reminded their supporters of two of their biggest achievements: I built the motorway, I built the bomb. They did build Pakistan's first motorway. And despite several phone calls from the then American president Bill Clinton and other world leaders and offers of million of dollars in aid, Sharif did go ahead and order six nuclear explosions in response to India's five. And then they thought that now that both countries have the bomb they could go ahead and be friends with India. While they were making history hosting the Indian prime minister in the historic city of Lahore, their generals were busy elsewhere repeating history on the mountains of Kargil. In a misadventure typical of Pakistani generals, they occupied the abandoned posts and then pretended that these were mujahideen fighting India and not regular Pakistan army soldiers.
When India reacted with overwhelming force and a diplomatic offensive, Sharif pleaded ignorance and rushed off to Washington to bail out the army and their own government. President Clinton praised their diplomatic skills and the crisis was resolved briefly. When, months later they tried to fire their handpicked army chief General Pervez Musharraf, the architect of the Kargil fiasco, a bunch of army officers put their guns to Sharif's head. Handcuffed, jailed, sentenced to life imprisonment, in the end Sharif was saved by their powerful friends in Saudi Arabia. A royal jet flew him, their family and their servants to a palace in Saudi Arabia. An exile in Saudi Arabia for Muslim rulers is generally considered a permanent retirement home where you get closer to Allah and atone for past sins. Sharif must be the only politician in exile in Saudi Arabia who not only managed to survive this holy exile but in the process got a hair transplant and managed to hold on to their political base in Pakistan.
Many of their political opponents say that if Sharif wasn't from the dominant province Punjab, where most of the army elite comes from, if they didn't represent the trading and business classes of Punjab, they would still be begging forgiveness for their sins in Saudi. But they returned just before the last elections and has been behaving like a statesman. A very rich statesman.
It has yet to be proven whether eight years of exile in Saudi Arabia can make anyone wiser but it has never made anybody poorer. Sharif was rich before they got into politics, then they became fabulously rich. Even in exile the Saudis gave them a palace and, on their return, a fleet of bulletproof limousines. Their campaign proved that poor people don't really vote for somebody who understands poverty, or wants to do anything about it. People have voted them in because they talk money, talks about spending money, talks about opening a bank on every village street and who doesn't like that? They have promised motorway connections and airports to towns so small that they still don't have a proper bus station. Poor people, who couldn't afford a bicycle at the time of the elections, like to be promised an airport. You never know when you might need it.
In their five years' rule in Punjab, Sharif's party has had one policy about the Pakistani Taliban who have been wreaking havoc in parts of Pakistan: please go and do your business elsewhere. And they have generally obliged. But now that they are set to rule all of Pakistan, what's they going to tell them?
Have we defeated the Taliban or sent them a friend request?
A voter displays their inked thumb after marking their ballot paper at a polling station in Karachi. Photograph: Athar Hussain/REUTERS
When Pakistan decided to throw itself an election party, the first ones to arrive were the Taliban. They weren't really interested in the party because they keep reminding us that elections are un-Islamic and a major sin on a par with educating girls. But they were interested in watching what party games were played and who got to play them. They decided that the three political parties that had ruled Pakistan for the past five years and taken a clear stand against the Taliban would be targeted. And the Taliban started their own campaign, targeting candidates and their supporters with bomb attacks and drive-by shootings. In one case, a candidate in Karachi was shot as they came out of a mosque. Along with their six-year-old son. The election campaign across Pakistan looked like this: some parties held huge rallies, in a carnival-type atmosphere with live tigers and massive music systems. Other candidates sneaked from one little corner meeting to another trying to remind people of their heroic stand against the Taliban. Many of the candidates were never seen in public. Many journalists refused to visit them because they were sitting targets. Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the public face of the ruling People's party, could only deliver a couple of video messages from Dubai.
The other parties, the ones who were allowed to campaign freely, were grateful in their silence. When we look at the election results we must not forget that while the Pakistani Taliban didn't contest the elections as a political party, they did see themselves as kingmakers. In Pakistan's liberal media the Taliban are often described as brutes with an endless bloodlust. But by making allies and choosing partners they have demonstrated that they are at least as canny as the average campaigning politician.
But in the end the Taliban failed to deliver the kind of devastation they had promised. They managed to kill about 130 people in eight weeks. In the past they have achieved that kind of number in a single day. Also, 60% of Pakistanis who came out to vote seem to be politely disagreeing with the Taliban by saying that there is nothing un-Islamic about standing in a queue and stamping a ballot paper.
The Taliban's real success is that they bet on the winners. They promised not to attack Khan and Sharif's parties. And these parties will be in power. But the Taliban have never contested an election before. And they are soon to find out that politicians never keep the promises they make during the heat of the campaign.
Why does this election mean nothing for Farzana Majeed?
Pakistani voters line up at a polling station in Karachi. Photograph: Athar Hussain/Reuters
Three weeks before the elections, a 27-year-old biochemistry graduate stood outside Karachi Press club. Farzana Majeed and a couple of dozen young people carried pictures of Zakir Majeed, a literature student who was abducted by Pakistan's military intelligence four years ago and since then has become one of the hundreds of missing Baloch people, mostly young, political activists. Their mutilated, tortured bodies turn up on the roadside with sickening regularity. The Pakistani media, otherwise quite noisy about every subject under the sun, stay quiet. None of the political parties campaigning in recent elections uttered a word about Zakir Majeed or hundreds of other people languishing in military-run dungeons. Why? Because it's a security issue. A militant separatist movement in parts of Balochistan means that the rest of Pakistan sees it as an enemy. The protesters distributed pamphlets encouraging the fellow Balochs not to participate in the elections. The voter turn out in Baloch areas in Balochistan have been less than 10%. No political party in the country had the heart to go and ask Farzana Majeed or thousands of other families to vote. Farzana is a polite, articulate person but mention the word elections and they are likely to wave their missing brother's picture in front of you. And just like Pakistan's last political government, the new one also doesn't want to see this picture.
So what happens to the federation?
Watching the election results come in, in a teashop in Lahore. Photograph: Damir Sagolj/REUTERS
Who needs a federation when you can have so much more fun doing things your own way. So in the post-election Pakistan, Khan will rule the north and shoot down American drones while discussing Scandinavian social welfare models with the Taliban. Sharif will rule in Punjab and the centre, try to do business with India and build more motorways all the while looking over their shoulder for generals looking at him. In the south, Bhutto's decimated People's party will keep ruling and keep saying that folks up north are stealing its water, destroying its social welfare programmes and secular legacy. And, in Balochistan, Farzana Majeed will keep waving their missing brother's picture.
Do these bits add up to a country? They do, if you are sitting in Islamabad and showing off your nuclear weapons to the world or planning a motorway to central Asia. But if you are an old woman waiting for their 2,000-rupee welfare cheque or a student activist in a military dungeon waiting for your next interrogation session, you are not likely to dream of motorways and new airports.
Pakistan as a federation has gone through its first rite of passage: handover of power from one elected civilian setup to another. It took Pakistan 67 years to get here. Let us not forget that the reasons that caused this delay haven't disappeared.
Mohammed Hanif is BBC Urdu's special correspondent based in Karachi.  They are the author of A Case of Exploding Mangoes and Our Lady of Alice Bhatti
The latest Republican bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act died in the Senate on Tuesday. But the party's effort to repeal the law remains very much alive.
As long as the GOP controls Congress, they'll keep trying.
“We are going to fulfill our promise to repeal and replace,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) promised at a press conference announcing there would be no vote on their proposal with Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA).
Already, Republicans are discussing how to overcome procedural hurdles to getting it done with just a simple majority, Politico reports. One aide said they've got their eye on a must-pass budget proposal. “It's not like we couldn't slip it in anyway,” the aide told Politico.
The last few bills Republicans have tried, and failed, to pass were wildly unpopular, rejected by health care groups and scored poorly by the Congressional Budget Office. Still, the party believes that it must make good on its seven-year promise to repeal the law. Republican voters say it's a priority, and donors do too.
Republican legislators want to vote for a bill to repeal Obamacare
Consider, for a moment, all the things that didn't deter Republican senators from continuing to pursue Obamacare repeal.
Republicans didn't stop working on Obamacare repeal after House Speaker Paul Ryan declared it “the law of the land,” when the House couldn't muster enough votes for a bill offered in March.
Republicans didn't stop working on Obamacare repeal when they learned that the House bill, the American Health Care Act, would cause 22 million Americans to lose coverage.
Republicans didn't stop working on Obamacare repeal this past summer, after the Senate rejected three separate Obamacare repeal bills within the course of three days.
They didn't stop working on repeal as patient group after patient group came out in opposition to their bills — or after all 50 Medicaid directors, including 33 who serve Republican governors, came out against the latest bill, Graham-Cassidy.
Republicans have continued to pursue Obamacare repeal despite opposition and poor polling numbers. Rank-and-file members have continued to agitate for Obamacare repeal even after leadership seemed to want to put it to rest.
Failed votes haven't dampened the enthusiasm for Obamacare repeal in the past. So far, we've typically watched a cycle where Republicans take a month or two to regroup, and then begin to work anew on a slightly different plan. There is little reason to think this failed vote won't lead to the same outcome.
The Republican base still wants to see the Affordable Care Act turned back
Republicans have good political reasons to pursue repeal, even if their policy proposals aren't holding up well.
Last week, the Kaiser Family Foundation released a poll that asked 1,179 adults what they thought Congress ought to focus on for the remainder of 2017.
Seventy-one percent of those who identified as Republican said it was “extremely” or “very” important that Congress continues to focus on repealing the Affordable Care Act.
When the question was phrased as a choice — should Congress work to stabilize the Affordable Care Act or repeal it? — the results looked pretty similar. Two-thirds of Republicans would prefer to focus on getting rid of Obamacare rather than fixing it.
The individual Obamacare repeal bills tend to poll poorly; a minority of Republicans supported the Graham-Cassidy plan. But more generally, the idea of repealing Obamacare still has valence among conservative voters.
This is something I understood a bit better after my reporting last fall in Kentucky, talking to Obamacare enrollees who voted for President Trump. Many of them did have real problems with their coverage. They were especially frustrated with how high their deductibles had grown, regularly upward of $2,000 or $3,000.
The idea of “Obamacare repeal,” in their minds, represented a plan to fix those problems. None of the Republican plans offered so far actually deliver on that kind of fix. They would make the problem of high out-of-pocket spending significantly worse. But the idea that there is something broken in the health care system, and Republican legislators ought to fix it, seems to be at the heart of the desire for the party to keep on working towards repeal.
Obamacare repeal is still a live possibility
Republicans control Congress for another year, at minimum. They have different vehicles they could use to pursue another push for Obamacare repeal, must-pass legislation that could become a new way forward.
There are generally 45 or so Republicans who have shown themselves to be willing to vote for any Obamacare repeal bill. It's been the handful of final votes from the caucus's moderate and conservative wings that has sunk every previous plan.
Those obstacles still remain: We still have not seen Sens. Susan Collin (R-ME) or Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) support a single repeal bill through this whole effort. Then again, they've often been reticent to oppose them up until the last minute — Murkowski still hasn't come out against Graham-Cassidy, even after the decision not to hold a vote.
This is no doubt an obstacle but, in my view, not an immovable one. One thing I'll be watching closely is how the Trump administration manages the Affordable Care Act. In about a month, it will begin its first open enrollment season. So far, it has taken steps that will hurt the marketplaces, slashing the advertising budget by 90 percent and in-person assistance by 40 percent.
Premiums will be higher in 2018 because the Trump administration has waffled on whether to make key payments.
If the marketplace ends this enrollment period in bad shape, that could change the dynamic in 2018. It could make the case for repeal stronger if the Affordable Care Act seems to be in dire straits.
Republicans lost an Obamacare battle on Tuesday. But right now, all evidence suggests they are not ready to stop fighting the war.
Join the conversation
Are you an Obamacare enrollee interested in what happens next? Join our Facebook community for conversation and updates.
Both the Numbers and the Types of Emigrants are Changing
… an enormous 32 percent of Russians aged 18-24 are ready to move abroad, according to the Levada Center survey. __ Artemy Troitsky
You won't hear about this from mainstream media or official Kremlin sources — and especially not from the troll propagandists working from St. Petersburg who infest western internet sites. But Russia's demographic crisis is only getting worse with time.
As a rule, estimates place the number of emigrants between 200,000 to 500,000 annually. The State Statistics Service counted 350,000 in 2015, which is 10 times more than in 2010. … [we are now seeing] successful and accomplished professionals leading the exodus, despite the fact that many will lose their economic and social status by starting again abroad. This might seem strange, but by way of explanation, I can cite myself as an example. __ MoscowTimes
If 350,000 elites were leaving in 2015 — and the overall situation has only grown worse since then — Russia is staring into the barrel of a full-blown skill and expertise crisis.
Different emigrants expressed different reasons for their decisions to join the exodus of the elites:
… the 42 percent of Russians who had considered emigrating were primarily attracted by better living conditions abroad . Other than the ecological situation in Russia, I had been happy with my life here. At 41 percent, the second most common factor cited by the survey was the “unstable economic situation in Russia.” Although I lost my job for political reasons, many thousands of professionals in healthcare and education lost theirs through mass layoffs, or have been forced to leave, unable to survive on their meager salaries. In third place was the desire to “provide a decent future” for their children, with 28 percent of respondents citing this reason. This is just like us. Most interesting was the fourth reason, the 17 percent who expressed concerns over “the lack of protection from arbitrary abuse from the authorities.” … even more important is the intangible and yet increasingly oppressive sense of hopelessness. The belief that Russia has hit a dead end and that change under the current system is impossible. __ A Suitcase State of Mind
Russia's working age population is collapsing at the same time that the number of women of child-bearing age are dropping through the floor. The HIV crisis among the young is growing exponentially, and those who can get out are either doing so or making plans that will make it easier to get out when the time comes.
15 percent of all Russians are “packed and ready to go” at any time. Of those, 3 percent — or 4 million Russians — have definite plans to emigrate. The remaining 12 percent say they will “probably” leave the country. This is in keeping with the jaw-dropping forecast made by former Federal Migration Service Deputy Director and current 21st Century Migration Foundation Chairman Vyacheslav Postavnin who said that up to 15 million Russians are expected to move out of the country in the coming years. __ Moscow Times
Putin's Minions Put On a Good Show
Putin's KGB training has served them well in the putting up of a good Potemkin front. The Kremlin's propaganda effort is second to none, and some efforts to foment discord in the west are achieving excellent results , at least in western universities and cities. The Kremlin is blending its efforts alongside those of more clearly radical groups, making them more difficult to tease out from communist, socialist, Maoist, and other insurrectionist agencies. In the long run, though, such efforts to destabilise western societies and to spread disinformation, are likely to backfire.
Even Russia's efforts to bolster the nuclear launch abilities of the North Korean terror state are likely to blow back onto the declining bear.
Already, most people who browse the net are getting tired of all the Moscow-facilitated troublemakers, as well as all the “Baghdad Bobs” running around claiming that all is well with the decrepit Eurasian dictatorship. Anyone who takes the trouble to inform themselves can easily see through the fogscreens.
China Stands Ready to Move When the Time Comes
The Russian economy is growing ever more dependent upon Chinese trade and investment. But all of that comes at a steep cost, and when the piper comes to call, Mr. Putin may find themselves at an embarrassing loss of face.
Russia's armed forces are slowly but surely filling up with Muslims, who have a somewhat different viewpoint of Russian history and the great Russian Empire than the shrinking numbers of ethnic Russians whom they are replacing. China may feel it has no choice but to take the reins, rather than risk all that nuclear weaponry falling into Muslim hands.
Time is not on Russia's side.
More: Reading between the lines in the Russian media … Use webpage translators as needed, for a closer examination of particularly interesting Russian language articles.
Says "nothing" in Obama's $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation "actually secures the border."
With more than 52,000 undocumented immigrant children from Central America arriving at the southern border of the United States, President Barack Obama and congressional Republicans have sparred over exactly how to proceed.
Obama has asked Congress for $3.7 billion to address the problem, but leading Republicans have expressed skepticism about the budget request and what it would be put toward. How much will be spent taking care of children now on U.S. soil, and how much will go to securing the border from future illegal crossings?
On July 10, 2014, Fox News host Bill O'Reilly interviewed Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa , about Obama's request.
"I'm not going to vote to approve $3.7 billion for the president to hire more lawyers and to squander in a way that they have designed," King said. "There is nothing in this that actually secures the border. And until we stop the bleeding at the border, Bill, we are not going to solve this problem."
Is King -- one of Congress' most vocal critics of illegal immigration -- right that there is nothing in Obama's plan that would help secure the border? We took a closer look.
First, some background. The White House's July 8 supplemental budget request is designed to respond to the current crisis, but it is also supposed to support "a sustained border security surge through enhanced domestic enforcement."
How does Obama propose to do that? Here's what the administration says it intends to spend the money on:
• $1.8 billion for basic necessities like food and shelter for unaccompanied immigrant children;
• $897 million for judicially processing and deporting undocumented families;
• $364 million for other administrative processing related to the surge in apprehensions of unaccompanied children and families;
• $295 million for the reintegration of migrants to countries in Central America;
• $109 million for expanding immigration and customs investigations and enforcement;
• $45.4 million for additional immigration judges to increase case processing;
• $39 million to increase air surveillance of the Rio Grande region;
• $29 million for expanding the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program;
• $15 million for direct legal representation services to children in immigration proceedings;
• $5 million for public programs and support related to Central American migration issues;
• $2.5 million for expansion of the legal orientation program;
• $1.1 million for additional immigration litigation attorneys.
Separately, the bill includes $615 million for wildfire suppression, which is unrelated to the immigration situation.
Looking at this list, King has a point that a lot of the money is going toward lawyers and legal services. Still, it's not everything. (King's office did not respond to our requests for comment.)
Several experts told PolitiFact that a number of these budgetary line items would qualify as addressing border security.
A clear item is the $39 million for aerial surveillance, which is designed to spot people coming across the border. Other items include the boost for the Border Enforcement Security Task Force ($29 million) and investigatory efforts that would investigate smuggling operations ($109 million).
Some would also count a portion of a much larger item -- the $897 million for judicially processing and deporting undocumented families. Christopher Wilson, a senior associate of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars, said much of this money would go for the detention, prosecution and removal of undocumented families. Even though it's not happening literally on the border, they said, it's part of enforcing the border security laws.
In addition, some of the $364 million line item for administrative processing would likely be used for overtime and temporary-duty costs for current Border Patrol agents, said Cynthia Arnson, director of the Wilson Center's Latin America program.
So, depending on how you categorize the money, at least $177 million and possibly up to $1 billion could be categorized as funds for securing the border.
Even at the high end of the estimate, though, the amount spent on securing the border would amount to less than one-third of the total. The majority would go toward taking care of immigrants who recently arrived at the border, particularly the $1.8 billion allocated to the Department of Health and Human Services, which is tasked with caring for children who are already here. (And of course the $615 for wildfire suppression is not connected to immigration.)
We should note that the administration has indicated that its intent with the supplemental spending request is not to implement a comprehensive immigration overhaul. Rather, the request is intended to alleviate the immediate humanitarian situation.
Wilson added that while beefing up surveillance and patrol personnel might curb some illegal immigration, it is not a solution to the immediate problem of children coming from Central American countries, Wilson said. These Central American children actually seek out American officials rather than trying to evade them, so adding more boots on the ground would not turn them away, they said. This is because the current law, passed under former President George W. Bush, allows children from countries that don't border the United States to stay in the country if they are victims of trafficking.
"The idea that having more border enforcement would be a solution to this crisis is a fallacy," Wilson said, "They're not trying to sneak past Border Patrol -- they're turning themselves into Border Patrol."
Our ruling
King said there is "nothing" in Obama's $3.7 billion request to address the child immigration situation "that actually secures the border."
King has a point that a majority of the funding request would cover basic necessities for children crossing the border as well as additional resources for the legal process. But somewhere between $177 million and possibly as much as $1 billion of the total request would be spent on items that can be described as aiding efforts to secure the border. Because this is not a trivial amount, King is wrong to say it's "nothing." On balance, we rate their claim Mostly False.
Correction: The White House's supplemental budget request was made July 8. Our report initially gave an earlier date.
View Caption Hide Caption Zack Collins is the Canes' top hitter. (Getty Images)
When the signing deadline for MLB draft picks comes at 5 p.m. Friday, the Hurricanes won't be surprised.
Miami saw five drafted underclassmen sign pro deals last month, in the days following the draft. Those departing: ace lefty Andy Suarez, third baseman David Thompson, starting second baseman George Iskenderian, catcher Garrett Kennedy and center fielder Ricky Eusebio. All but Kennedy, a senior, could have opted to return to school (though the Hurricanes wish them well, given that all contributed plenty to the team during their careers).
Like last year — when Suarez announced they would return to school for their junior season — the Hurricanes got some good news following this year's draft. High school outfielder Kep Brown, one of the top power bats in the draft, decided to join the Hurricanes instead of the St. Louis Cardinals, who drafted them in the 10th round. Brown was projected to be a high-round pick, but slipped because they tore their Achilles' tendon early in their senior season at Wando (S.C.) Mount Pleasant High.
Two more high school signees, right-hander Andrew Cabezas and shortstop Kevin Santiago, opted to go to school. Cabezas was drafted in the 34th round by the Cleveland Indians out of Coral Gables High. Santiago, from Casillas, P.R., was a 39th-round pick of the Cincinnati Reds.
With the five draftees gone, and the addition of the recruits, how might the Hurricanes look when Feb. 2016 rolls around?
Among those in the program, hopes are high for a return to the College World Series.
Corner outfielders Jacob Heyward and Willie Abreu will look for big production in their draft-eligible seasons. Heyward, who was a hero for a day in an ultimately disappointing Omaha run, is the leading returing hitter (.327). Abreu will look to build on their numbers (.288, six homers, 47 RBI) in their draft-eligible season. Speedy sophomore Carl Chester (.267, 11-of-14 steals), who started the season in left before Heyward overtook him, will get a shot to replace Eusebio in center. Justin Smith and Brown will battle for the fourth outfielder spot.
Draft-eligible catcher Zack Collins, first baseman Chris Barr and shortstop Brandon Lopez return. Collins (.302, 15 HR, 70 RBI) is the main power threat in the lineup. Iskenderian's spot at second could be filled by reserve Johnny Ruiz. It'll be tough to replace Thompson's bat in the lineup, but their spot at third will likely go to first-year student Romy Gonzalez, who starred at Hialeah-American High. Brown is a likely candidate for DH if they don't win a corner outfield spot.
Suarez leaves the front of the rotation, but lefties Thomas Woodrey and Danny Garcia are back. Combined, they went 14-3 with a 3.29 ERA, with 142 strikeouts and 41 walks in 186 innings. Right-hander Enrique Sosa returns after an injury-plagued season (7-5, 4.35, 71 strikeouts, 31 walks in 80.2 innings). UM thinks very highly of Cabezas. “Nasty” was the word a program source used to describe their stuff. Derik Beauprez has the tools to be a starter.
UM will have three experienced, talented bullpen arms who averaged a strikeout per inning. Freshman All-American Michael Mediavilla, Cooper Hammond and former All-ACC closer Bryan Garcia combined to go 14-5 with a 2.23 ERA, with 121 strikeouts and 48 walks in 121.1 innings. Three relievers to watch: Jesse Lepore (1.93 ERA in 14 innings last year), Devin Meyer (impressive before injury cost them first-year student season) and Keven Pimentel (having a great summer: earned All-Star nod in the New England Collegiate Baseball League).
RECRUITING BIG BOARD
2015 signing class
Brown and Gonzalez, Santiago and Cabezas highlight UM's group, which also includes right-handers Frank Bartow (Miami-TERRA Institute) and Isaiah Musa (Miami-Westminster Christian). UM also signed shortstop Randy Batista (Indian River State College), and could add a couple more junior college players.
A look at the rest of Miami's recruiting board:
2016 commits
C Mike Amditis (Boca Raton)
C Herbert Iser (Miami-Killian)
SS Gregory Veliz (Key West)
SS Colton Welker (Parkland-Douglas)
3B Mason Studstill (Titusville-Rockledge)
OF Jack Khawly (Pembroke Pines-Somerset)
OF Aldrich De Jongh (Trinity Christian)
LHP Anthony Masiello (Coconut Creek-North Broward Prep)
LHP Jesus Luzardo (Parkland-Douglas)
RHP Evan McKendry (Coconut Creek-North Broward Prep)
RHP Connor Manous (Munster, Ind.)
RHP Daniel Rivero (Pembroke Pines Charter)
2017 commits
C Eddy Arteaga (Miami-Killian)
SS Freddie Zamora (Miami-Killian)
SS Mark Vientos (Pembroke Pines-Flanagan)
1B Alex Toral (Southwest Ranches-Archbishop McCarthy)
RHP Brandon McCabe (Trinity Christian)
RHP James Marinan (Park Vista)
2018 commits
Homeless man sentenced to house arrest in Istanbul
ISTANBUL
A homeless man has been sentenced to house arrest for using and selling drugs in Istanbul's Kadıköy district, Doğan News Agency reported.Barış Alkan, 31, is not allowed to step outside the boundaries of a confined public area near a city bus station in the Söğütlüçeşme neighborhood because it is listed as their address in court records.Alkan was detained on April 14 for selling and using drugs and was later referred to court, with the prosecutor demanding their arrest.The Istanbul Fifth Criminal Court of Peace rejected the arrest demand and ruled for the “application of a judicial control precaution by means of not leaving the premises,” which legally means house arrest.Oktay Özer, the lawyer assigned by the bar to defend Alkan, said they were surprised by the sentence and appealed the ruling.“This is not a situation that happened before. Our demands were rejected even though I conveyed my objections verbally and wrote later on. The person is sleeping outdoors. They don't have a residence, but there is a house arrest sentence against him. How is this going to be applied?” Özer said.Özer added that a similar ruling was given in Italy in 2007.Alkan, meanwhile, started serving their sentence in the empty area encircled with metal plates near the city bus station. With their phone being confiscated by authorities, the only way to contact Alkan is to roam around Söğütlüçeşme and ask if there's anyone who knows him.It is forbidden for Alkan to leave the area, which is also “home” for many drug addicts like himself. The police are on constant duty to prevent them from leaving.“I don't have a home address and I'm staying here. Police are stopping me everywhere. If I go out, they say that it's a ‘crime.' Even though I don't have a house, this is a street but I'm under house arrest,” Alkan said.Both Özer and Alkan are waiting for the hearing of the case.
WSJ union report shows persistent gender pay gap at Dow Jones
The union that represents many journalists at The Wall Street Journal has published an analysis that shows a persistent wage gap between men and women employed by Dow Jones & Company.
The report, which the Independent Association of Publishers' Employees released Tuesday, found that, on average, full-time female employees make less than 85 percent of what their male counterparts earn.
Even when accounting for differences in age and location, female Dow Jones employees make less than men, according to the study. On average, women in New York City make nearly $10,000 less than their male counterparts and more than $13,000 less in Washington, D.C. Women make less than men at every single age except 66 years old, with the largest disparities occurring among older employees — some in excess of $30,000.
Related Training: Reporting on Gender
The study, which was conducted by the Strength in Numbers Consulting Group, includes Dow Jones pay data for every union-represented employee from 2000 to 2016, according to the IAPE. It does not include data pertaining to employees of color.
WSJ's union releases new analysis showing a persistent pay gap between male and female reporters, even accounting for experience. @IAPE1096 pic.twitter.com/tdpgmlGSRR — Jennifer Maloney (@maloneyfiles) June 13, 2017
The news comes about a year after Dow Jones conducted an internal review of the company's purported wage gap following the publication of a similar set of data by the IAPE. That review concluded there was little difference in pay based on gender, according to the union, and what disparity did exist could be explained by men and women working different jobs.
However, the IAPE's latest study's results show disparities in pay within specific job categories. Female “senior special writers” and reporters make more than $6,000 less than men with the same jobs. The only position in which women make more than men on average is “special writer,” according to the data.
“We have presented Dow Jones with the results of our study and plan to continue to press the issue,” the IAPE said in the report.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
New York (CNN) Fifteen years later, the scene is still seared into Hillary Clinton's memory.
"We saw this curtain of black smoke that was stretched across the island," Clinton recalled. "Occasionally it would be broken by a firefighter coming out. I remember one image so indelibly, dragging their ax, and it was as close to depiction of hell that I've ever personally seen."
Those were the things Clinton saw as they approached Ground Zero on September 12, 2001 -- the day after the country's worst terrorist attacks brought down New York City's World Trade Center and left thousands dead.
In an exclusive interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo, Clinton -- at the time New York's junior senator -- described the "sickening experience" of 9/11 and how they coped with the national tragedy by getting right to work.
When news broke of the first plane ripping through the north tower of the World Trade Center on the morning of September 11, Clinton had just left their house in Washington, D.C., and was on their way to the Senate. By the time they reached Capitol Hill, evacuations were already underway.
"So I gathered up my senior staff, we were just looking at each other with such total pain and confusion," Clinton said.
Soon after, they learned about a second plane hitting the south tower. "I got to a TV as quickly as possible to begin monitoring it. It was just sickening experience, Chris."
The next day, Clinton and their fellow New York senator, Chuck Schumer, got on one of the few planes that were allowed to fly that day and landed at LaGuardia Airport. After being taken to the city by helicopter, they and others began to walk toward where the twin towers had collapsed.
After seeing the devastation, Clinton said, they felt a heavy burden of the task ahead.
"There weren't that many survivors; the ones that did survive were grievously injured. The loss of life was overwhelming," they told Cuomo. "But it was also my job and the job of other officials to get our city and state and country what we needed."
In the days to come, Clinton, along with Schumer and others, would personally lobby President George W. Bush for funds to help the city rebuild. There were problems that lingered for New York residents well-past the immediate carnage of September 11, including health problems caused by the debris and toxic air that filled downtown, and victims who survived the attacks but were left with long-term injuries.
"I would meet these shattered lives of people where they were broken, but I saw so many of them strengthen and show such resilience. So I felt privileged," Clinton said. "It gave me an insight into the human spirit -- and I like to think the spirit of New York and America -- that I wish every American could understand."
On Sunday, Clinton will visit the Ground Zero memorial to pay their respects and observe the annual moment of silence at 8:46 a.m. ET -- the moment the first plane hit the north tower.
Trump and foreign policy
The CNN interview took place in New York City on Friday, shortly before Clinton told donors that half of Trump's supporters fall into "the basket of deplorables" -- a group of people who are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic.
The comments have caused an uproar and their Republican opponent, Donald Trump, has slammed them for the remarks.
They later said they regretted saying "half" of their supporters were "deplorables."
Clinton's sit-down with Cuomo comes just two months out from Election Day. Increasingly, the Democratic nominee and Trump have wrestled over the issue of national security and terrorism.
Addressing the news that North Korea conducted another nuclear test this week, Clinton cautioned that China has underestimated the regime.
"Up until relatively recently, I think they were under the impression that they could control their neighbor and they didn't want to crack down because they saw it as a useful card to play," they said. "If they get a little crazy, maybe the South Koreans will move toward them a little bit, they get a little crazier, maybe they can make some deals with the Japanese about things they want. It was a strategic calculation."
The former secretary of state said they believe the threats facing the country are not limited to ISIS but rather are part of a larger struggle against "a violent ideology -- a form of violent jihadism."
Trump's rhetoric, Clinton said, has only fueled the motivations driving ISIS.
"What unfortunately Donald Trump has done is made our job harder, and given a lot of aid and comfort to ISIS operatives and even ISIS officials who want to make this some sort of clash of civilization -- a religious war," Clinton said. "It's not, and it can't become that."
Clinton also warned that the message from Trump that has resonated with many Americans is entirely superficial.
"It's phony strength to not know what you're talking about and to make outrageous statements that will actually make our job harder, no matter how in the moment it sounds," they said. "Real strength is leveling with the American people and making it clear we will defeat ISIS."
ROCKAWAY BOROUGH -- Borough officers were called to the local Arby's restaurant on Wednesday afternoon due to a dispute over a milkshake.
Officers met with the staff and learned that a customer ordered a milkshake without a lid, police said. An employee, however, put a lid on the milkshake, upsetting the man who then berated the employee, police said.
The Arby's employees took the milkshake back and the man left the restaurant and began pedaling their bicycle on Route 46, police said.
Officers were able to locate the man and speak with them about the incident. The man told police they ordered a milkshake with no lid and they became upset when they put a lid on it and began yelling at the employee.
No charges were filed in connection with this matter, as neither the man nor employee wanted to pursue the matter, police said.
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The Senate's Russia probe will hit a new level of intensity Tuesday when Attorney General Jeff Sessions becomes the highest-ranking official to testify – in what Senate Intelligence Committee leaders confirmed will be an open hearing, in the spirit of last week's dramatic session with James Comey.
The circumstances are different for Sessions' appearance. While Comey was a witness scorned by President Trump and ready to dish on the leader who fired him, Sessions remains the top law enforcement official in the country, working for Trump's administration.
But lawmakers – particularly Democrats – are preparing tough questions for Sessions both about Russia's contact with Trump campaign associates and the circumstances of Comey's firing.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who had called for Sessions' testimony to be public, welcomed the open hearing as a “positive step” but said the attorney general should be “forthcoming” regarding “unanswered and troubling questions.”
MUELLER'S LEGAL BUILD-UP RAISES FLAGS
They called for Sessions to clarify what involvement they had in the Russia probe before their recusal; what “safeguards” are now in place; and why they “felt it was appropriate” to recommend Comey's firing when they were leading that investigation.
“Recommending Director Comey's firing would seem to be a violation of their recusal, and Attorney General Sessions needs to answer for that,” Schumer said in a statement.
For the Trump team, Tuesday's open hearing runs the risk of escalating the political drama surrounding the Russia probe and continuing to distract from the policy agenda the administration is trying to jump-start.
But Sessions apparently wanted to testify in public, to help clear the air.
“He believes it is important for the American people to hear the truth directly from them and looks forward to answering the committee's questions tomorrow,” a Justice Department spokesperson said.
Sessions had been set to testify before a budget-related subcommittee on Tuesday but, in letters to key lawmakers, said the intelligence committee that heard from Comey would be the more appropriate venue considering the Russia-related questions.
It was initially unclear whether the hearing would be open, but committee leaders announced Monday it would be public.
The hearing is now set to begin at 2:30 p.m. ET on Tuesday in open session.
On “Fox News Sunday,” Sen. Jack Reed, D-R.I., said they also have questions about Sessions' participation in Comey's firing.
“[Sessions] had already recused themselves and then, suddenly, he's the one apparently recommending to the president that Comey be fired and the president has … declared it was all about the Russian investigation,” Reed said.
The Trump administration has given numerous reasons for Comey's firing, including their handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe. But Comey testified last week that they think the Russia probe was the driving force.
Reed, further, said they have questions about Sessions' past meetings with Russian officials beyond those he's already declared.
“That will come up,” they vowed.
Sessions recused themselves from the Russia probe after acknowledging they met twice last year with the Russian ambassador.
During their testimony last week, Comey suggested there might be more to Sessions' recusal from the Russia probe, telling lawmakers they believed it was “inevitable” that Sessions would recuse themselves and there were “facts” they could not discuss in an open hearing.
The Department of Justice, however, issued a statement standing by the original explanation that Sessions recused themselves due to their participation in Trump's campaign.
“[I]t was for that reason, and that reason alone,” spokesperson Ian Prior said.
Republicans have moved to downplay the Russia controversy in the wake of Comey's testimony, claiming the fired FBI director affirmed some of Trump's key claims. On “Fox News Sunday,” Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel appealed to lawmakers to drop their line of investigation regarding the question of collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
“This is a fishing expedition,” they said. “I'm calling for an end to the investigations about … President Trump's campaign colluding with the Russians. There's been no evidence of it.”
The year 2013 began with a debate over private ownership of guns and ended with a failed launch of Obamacare. It has seen government encroachment into the lives of Americans, first with the IRS scandal — which saw government agencies target conservative groups — and later, the shocking revelations divulged by leaker Edward Snowden that the NSA has been spying on American citizens both online and on the phone.
Trevor Loudon, an author and blogger from New Zealand who has spoken to over 200 tea party groups in 30 states, decried the “normalcy bias” that blinds Americans from seeing a future America without liberty, the Constitution and military strength in an exclusive interview with The Daily Caller.
“When you grow up like that [with a strong national history], you think it's going to go on forever,” Loudon said. “But there's no law of nature that guarantees that.”
But, “if America fails, and America is in danger of failure — that is a harsh reality — if America fails, the West goes down,” they said. “Russia, China, Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Nicaragua, Venezuela and the crazed Islamic allies will carve up this planet amongst themselves. And, if you think the Dark Ages were a tough time, I think it's going to be pretty bleak for a very long time.”
“We've been very, very lucky for the last sixty years that the most benevolent power the world has ever seen, the strongest military power the world has ever seen, it's America that's been leading the world, not Russia, China or Nazi Germany or someone like that.”
Loudon noted the irony of President Barack Obama and their Democratic allies calling the tea party “extremists” and “terrorists.”
The tea party, they said, is the “most patriotic, gentlemanly, fair-minded, generous, peaceful people — the exact opposite of terrorists. Yet, you have people in your Congress, mostly in the Democratic Party, who are allied to supporters of North Korea and Iran and Venezuela and Cuba and Communist China.”
“You've been infiltrated, and the infiltrators want to deflect attention off what they're doing by basically demonizing the most patriotic, inoffensive people in this country, the tea party and their sympathizers,” they explained. “It's Orwellian — truth is lies and lies are truth.”
With these attacks, Loudon said, the Democrats are merely “disguising their own anti-American activism.”
In their book, “The Enemies Within: Communists, Socialists and Progressives in the U.S. Congress,” Loudon names over 50 members of Congress who have radical connections to America's adversaries. They discussed Reps. Judy Chu, John Conyers and Rosa DeLauro.
Certain member of Congress “couldn't pass a basic security clearance to clean a toilet in any military base, and neither could your president, by the way,” they said.
Watch Part 1:
Watch Part 2:
Mrs. Thomas does not necessarily support or endorse the products, services or positions promoted in any advertisement contained herein, and does not have control over or receive compensation from any advertiser.
Story highlights Israeli developers create Red Alert smartphone app
It notifies users when Hamas launches rocket from Gaza
People outside the region use it to follow developments in loved ones' cities
Israelis looking to know when to take cover are turning to their smartphones to get real-time notifications after Hamas fires rockets from Gaza.
The Red Alert app co-created by Ari Sprung, an Israeli software developer born in the United States, has become increasingly popular as the conflict escalates. While the country's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepts most rockets, some do get through.
As a live interview with Sprung and CNN's Brooke Baldwin began Wednesday, both phones -- one in Jerusalem, the other in Atlanta -- sounded in real time as rockets were fired toward the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Ashdod.
Sprung partnered with another Israeli software developer, Kobi Snir, after the 2012 escalated conflict between Israel and Hamas.
"We knew this would happen again, so we wanted to make sure we had an app ready to alert Israelis for the next conflict," Sprung told CNN.
Red Alert receives notifications when rockets are being launched from Gaza, and automatically sends out a push notification to users via the downloaded app. Their phone will play an emergency tone and display the name of the targeted community.
The free app is available on iOS and Android devices.
Sprung works full time at a software development company, and tends to Red Alert in their free time. The servers are hosted for free by ShartimIsrael, an Israeli web hosting company, they say.
For security reasons, the developers won't say how they get their notifications of rockets being launched. But they tell CNN the time delay is less than a second of when the audible sirens are sounded. At one point Tuesday, a rocket was being launched every six minutes.
Once the app is downloaded, users can select which Israeli cities for which they want to get alerts. Most users select "all areas."
Israeli officials and the Israel Defense Forces have publicly supported the app, and encourage people to download it.
Before the latest Gaza operation, there were 60,000 Android users and 80,000 iPhone users, all in Israel.
Today, Sprung tells CNN, there are approximately 290,000 Android users and 300,000 iPhone users worldwide, based on information from Apple's iTunes store and Google Play Store. Of the 300,000 iPhone users, 250,000 are from Israel and 50,000 are in the United States and other countries.
The Android app isn't available outside of Israel due to limited server space; instead users with an Android device wanting to receive updates can do so through the "Yo" app
Gilad Harazy, an Israeli native studying in the United States, has family back in Israel, and keeps up with developments through the app.
"I want to know when it hits close by where my parents live," they say. "I know if it hits they won't be able to contact me immediately, so I want to be able to know to get in touch with them to make sure they're OK."
Harazy's family lives in the town of Nir-Banim, roughly 20 miles from the Israel-Gaza border. Their parents have approximately one minute to seek shelter once the alerts go off, they say. The time it takes for Israeli's to seek shelter varies, based on how far they are from the Gaza border.
"It's great to be able to know on the spot when the alarm goes off," Harazy tells CNN. "In Israel, you might be in a closed room not near the sirens, so this new app allows you to know when something's going on. Although I'm happy to be able to know when rockets fall, it's really sad to know we need something like this."
After Thursday's loss to the Tampa Bay Lighning, the Dallas Stars have a 17% chance to make the playoffs. Dallas Stars trade rumors are flying, but they should be savvy sellers stocking up for next season.
This wasn't how it was supposed to go. The Stars were supposed to make the playoffs with ease, perhaps even as a fourth or fifth seed. And some fans – dare they think it? – thought the Stars might be, GASP!, title contenders.
They traded to get Jason Spezza, captain of the Ottawa Senators and perennial point per game guy, along with signing Ales Hemsky to a three year deal. Ales Hemsky showed promise, and chemistry, teaming with Spezza in Ottawa last season for 20 games. Valeri Nichushkin and Patrick Nemeth were supposed to have break out seasons and be be part of the core of the team.
But things in sports, especially a very physical game like hockey, rarely go the way they “should”. Nichuskin has suffered from hip issues, and had a hip surgery, that has kept them out most of the season. Nemeth suffered a badly cut wrist very early in the season and hasn't played since. Spezza had a rough start and hasn't had the point per game season they have had in the past. Then there is Hemsky, who has shown improvement, but hasn't earned their contract thus far.
All of these factors have combined to cause the Stars to fall to last place in the Central division. They are only five points out of a playoff spot, but they have not shown any signs of being able to turn it around and it's unlikely this late in the season. This leads to the inevitable question that always looms for teams on the verge this time of year: should the Dallas Stars be buyers or sellers?
Dallas Stars Trade Rumors: Buyers or Sellers?
As I indicated earlier, the Dallas Stars trade rumors are ramping up and all the rumors are surrounding defensemen. Recently a rumor was circulating that the Stars were interested in Dion Phaneuf and Cody Franson of the Toronto Maple Leafs. However, with Phaneuf going on the IR, it seems unlikely that any trade involving them would happen any time soon. Franson could still be had, but Toronto may only want to ship them out if they can also unload a big contract (likely why they had them paired with Phaneuf).
Another Dallas Stars trade rumor floating around earlier this season involved Buffalo Sabers' Tyler Myers. A “heard if from some guy, who heard it from some other guy” rumor floating around was that the Stars had a Myers-for-Nichushkin trade in place, but the deal fell through when Nichuskin had to have hip surgery. It seems, though, that the Anaheim Ducks are it talks with Buffalo and may now be the favorites to land Myers.
But, what Dallas Stars trade rumors have any validity right now? In my opinion, none. I think that Stars General Manager Jim Nill realizes that the playoffs are a slim hope this season, but also knows that next season has even more promise than this season did. This means that the Stars might just be sellers at the deadline and Nill is waiting for the right circumstances.
There are four players that are untouchable: Jamie Benn, Tyler Seguin, Jason Spezza, and John Klingberg. Trevor Daley has a no trade clause and is unlikely to waive that. I also think that prospect Julius Honka is very unlikely to be moved nor is Brett Ritchie right now because of how well they played along side Benn and Seguin on the top line before being injured. Just about every other player in the organization is fair game, I think.
The Stars have some very lucrative trade chips right now. Shawn Horcoff and Erik Cole (who has been playing very well lately) have expiring contracts at the end of the season, but are also players that could legitimately help a team this season. Horcoff and Cole would be perfect for a team looking to contend this season and shed payroll in the off season (LA Kings, perhaps?).
They also have a couple of young defensemen, Jamie Oleksiak and Jyrki Jokipakka who have both split time between the NHL and AHL this season, that might be pieces in trade for a proven defenseman.
Jim Nill is a smart GM who has pulled in two big names the last two off seasons in Tyler Seguin and Jason Spezza and hasn't given up much in return. I think Nill will be selling off pieces that they don't see as part of the Stars future. Nill know the Stars need defensive help, both this season and next, so any trade they make will likely have that in mind.*
Horcoff and Cole could probably get a second or third round draft pick each (this is just a guess though) and those draft picks could be used on either a goalie or on some defensemen. Keith Yandle or Oliver Ekman-Larsson from the Arizona Coyotes, but not both. I think Stars fans would prefer OEL, but I think Yandle would be a better cost. An Oleksiak for Yandle trade might benefit both, though the ‘Yotes likely wouldn't accept a one for one trade there. Any way it happens, the Stars have pieces and room to work with, not to mention that Jim Nill seems to work magic, so the trade deadline should be interesting for Stars fans.
Fans should be optimistic about next season. Nemeth and Nichushkin should be back and healthy, Klingberg should be even better after having a season under their belt, and now that Spezza and Hemsky are coming around they should both be big contributors next season. Should.
*Originally this paragraph was followed by a paragraph suggesting that Kari Lehtonen would be a good piece to trade, however, several astute readers from reddit pointed out that a Kari Lehtonen trade piece should be it's own article. I have removed it from this article with that in mind.
QUIET POLLUTERS: A charging station for electric cars which, says Clive Matthew-Wilson, are no more environmentally friendly than petrol cars.
An Auckland publisher has produced a report that criticises the electric car as being no more environmentally friendly than petrol cars.
The 168-page report, entitled The Emperor's New Car, has been written by Clive Matthew-Wilson, the editor of the Dog and Lemon Guide for car buyers. They said they spent three years researching the report with the aid of staffers and input from several international experts.
Their conclusion was that the Tesla electric sports car was less efficient and usually more indirectly polluting than a comparable petrol-powered sports car.
"Most of Tesla's publicity focuses on the efficiency of its electric motor. What they don't tell you is that its batteries are heavy, inefficient and that Teslas are frequently powered by electricity from highly polluting power stations."
Better results came where renewable electricity was available but such generation was expensive and unlikely to be rolled out in volume in the near future.
Matthew-Wilson said they had written the report because they were concerned the car industry was sending a false message that electric cars were environmentally friendly.
They contend their widespread introduction would be detrimental in a world where coal-generated electricity still dominates.
"Claims that electric cars are emissions-free are simply a lie; they merely transfer the pollution from the road to the power station."
In four of the five countries surveyed, the Tesla was less efficient and more polluting than the conventional Lotus Elise. Only in New Zealand, where most electricity was produced by hydroelectric generation, was the Tesla "greener".
However, Matthew-Wilson said a New Zealand scientist had recently predicted that if the country's car fleet was replaced with electric cars, it would probably need to build coal power stations to meet the demand.
The report suggests China is likely to be the main beneficiary of the electric car movement. It is likely to be the first country to mass-produce electric cars, but the report says they would be made with environmentally destructive materials in high-polluting factories.
Matthew-Wilson said there was no easy fix to the energy crisis.
"Most of the world's alternative energy industry is based on quick fixes to the current system. In reality, most of this technology either isn't economic, doesn't work, or simply doesn't exist and isn't going to exist any time soon.
"It disturbs me to see politicians and business leaders on television promoting fantasy technology using fantasy economics."
Vehicle scientist Chris Coxon, the former technical chairperson of the Australian New Car Assessment Programme, confirmed the report was scientifically sound.
"I have been through the report and the references and figures that he's quoted are all from noted researchers in the field, and I have no problem with the data that's in the report.
"To me using today's technology there's no net benefit from a global CO2 emissions from the electric car and I think it's the first time it has been put as forcefully as Clive has done so in this report."
They said the electric car had an advantage in traffic jams because the engine shut down and stopped using power.
Mozilla is going to show advertising to Firefox users to increase its sources of revenue that now mainly comes from Google, the company said Wednesday.
Firefox will show sponsored links in some of the nine tiles users see when they open a blank new tab in the browser, said Darren Herman, Mozilla's VP of Content Services in a blog post. Other tiles will continue to show frequently or recently used sites.
For new users those tiles are empty, and to fill the void Mozilla's new Directory Tiles project will start suggesting pre-packaged content for them, Herman said.
"Some of these tile placements will be from the Mozilla ecosystem, some will be popular websites in a given geographic location, and some will be sponsored content from hand-picked partners to help support Mozilla's pursuit of our mission. The sponsored tiles will be clearly labeled as such, while still leading to content we think users will enjoy," they said.
Mozilla is going to start showing advertising Firefox because it is looking to diversify its revenue resources, a Mozilla spokesperson said in an email.
"The majority of Mozilla's revenue comes from a single search partner and we would like to expand our resources to keep up with the evolution of the Web," they said. The Content Services team was formed to explore additional revenue opportunities, they said.
"Our search relationship with Google remains beneficial for both parties," they said.
Google provides the majority of Mozilla's revenue in return for it making Google the default search engine in Firefox.
With Directory Tiles, Mozilla hopes to shift the industry towards more user-centric approaches to digital marketing, and deliver a better user experience, they added.
Mozilla has not worked out the whole roadmap for Directory Tiles yet, but will begin to talk to possible content partners, Herman said, adding that Mozilla will start showing Directory Tiles to new Firefox users as soon as it has the user experience right.
Loek is Amsterdam Correspondent and covers online privacy, intellectual property, open-source and online payment issues for the IDG News Service. Follow them on Twitter at @loekessers or email tips and comments to loek_essers@idg.com
Demographics and Entrepreneurship
NBER Working Paper No. 20506
Issued in September 2014, Revised in November 2016
NBER Program(s):Industrial Organization, Labor Studies
Entrepreneurship requires energy and creativity as well as business acumen. Some factors that contribute to entrepreneurship may decline with age, but business skills increase with experience in high level positions. Having too many older workers in society slows entrepreneurship. Older workers do not possess the advantages of youth, but more significant is that when older workers occupy key positions they may block younger workers from acquiring business skills. A formal theoretical structure is presented and tested using the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor data. The results imply that a one-standard deviation decrease in the median age of a country increases the rate of new business formation by 2.5 percentage points, which is about forty percent of the mean rate. Furthermore, older societies have lower rates of entrepreneurship at every age.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w20506
Published: James Liang & Hui Wang & Edward P. Lazear, 2018. "Demographics and Entrepreneurship," Journal of Political Economy, vol 126(S1), pages S140-S196.
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
On December 8, 2015, GuitarMania.eu conducted an interview with Tuomas Holopainen of Finland-based symphonic metallers NIGHTWISH in Vienna, Austria. You can now watch the chat below. A couple of excerpts follow (transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET).
On the songwriting process in NIGHTWISH:
Tuomas: "The way it works in NIGHTWISH is that I am very much a solo worker. So I try to make all the songs — even the arrangements — as ready as possible, as much as I feel that I have to give to the songs. Most of the riffs, even some drum fills and stuff like this. I just try to make it as good as I can do it by myself. And then I introduce the songs and demos that I've done on my own to the other members of the band, and then we start the rearranging process. You know, 'Could you come up with a better riff for this one?' 'Would the bass line be different in that one?' 'What about if the vocal line is like this?' And sometimes the songs change a lot — like song 'Nemo', for example, changed a lot during the arrangement process. And sometimes they are almost to the drum fill as they were on the original demo. So that's the way it goes for us. When it comes to guitars, I try to come up with riffs on my own — like the 'Scaretale' riffs are all mine, for example. But then again, in a song like 'Nemo' again, and 'Alpenglow', on the new album, it's all Emppu [Vuorinen, NIGHTWISH guitarist]. [He would say to me], 'That's okay, but it could be more interesting if I did this.' [And then I say], 'Yeah, that's excellent. Do it like that.'"
"I try to make it as ready as I can; that's the way I like to do it. Because all the songs are very much storyline-orientated; I have a story from beginning to the end. And in order to bring that story to life, to tell that story, you need the full song, with all the little details here and there. And that's why I try to make it as ready as possible."
On much influence the other members of NIGHTWISH have during the songwriting process:
Tuomas: "Whenever they feel like that could be better; it's as simple as that. Same with Floor [Jansen, vocals]. 'I mean, this vocal line is really nice, but how about I do this little thing here, a little note there.' 'Oh, yeah, that's perfect.' Or on the new album [2015's 'Endless Forms Most Beautiful'], the song 'My Walden', the structure of it was pretty different originally, and it was actually Troy [Donockle] who came up with the idea of kind of, like, putting this there and that there and the tempo change there, and it really works. But sometimes everybody seems to be really happy with what I had in mind originally, and then we stick with that."
On NIGHTWISH's plans to celebrate the band's 20th anniversary in 2016:
Tuomas: "Well, not really. I mean, there's not gonna be a special 20th-anniversary show. We're saving that for the 25th or 30th or, hopefully, 50th year. Who knows? But no, there's not gonna be any bigger celebration. By accident, it was actually revealed that we have this show in Finland at Himos [Festival Park in Jämsä] on August the 20th, I think it was. It's one of the two shows that we have in Finland. And that's almost to the week twenty years from the date that NIGHTWISH was born. I remember it was August 1996, but I can't remember the exact date. So, in a way, you can call that show unofficial 20th-anniversary show."
On NIGHTWISH's plans to record and release a new studio album:
Tuomas: "It's gonna take a bit of time. 'Endless Forms Most Beautiful' was quite the effort, and this tour's gonna be quite the effort. And I think we're gonna take a little breather after this tour. And let's see. But, I mean, I haven't really had the spark for even thinking about another album in the past few months; it's been all about touring and other things. So it's gonna happen at some point, but it's gonna take some years, I think."
NIGHTWISH recently released a strictly limited (no reprints!) special tour edition of its current album, "Endless Forms Most Beautiful". The tour edition comes with a bonus DVD of live performances, documentary footage and promo videos as well as a huge photo gallery.
NIGHTWISH has announced a 26-date headlining tour of North America for 2016, launching in Sayreville, New Jersey on February 19, hitting six Canadian cities plus Pittsburgh, Anaheim, and New Orleans, then closing out in Tampa, Florida on March 23. Support on the tour will come from Dutch symphonic metallers DELAIN.
George Goodall's The Switch: How Solar Storage and New Technology Means Cheap Power for All was enormously valuable in rectifying many of my prior misconceptions about renewable energy. First and foremost was my erroneous belief that high production costs would make renewable energy far more expensive than fossil fuels – that the renewable energy revolution would require either a) a major reduction in population or b) major sacrifice in terms of lifestyle choices.
Both turn out to be totally untrue. Renewable energy (mainly photo-voltaic solar energy) is already cheaper than fossil fuels in many parts of the world. By 2040 the low cost of producing renewable energy will make fossil fuels virtually obsolete.
The first section of the book focuses on a mathematical explanation of what they refer to as the “experience curve.” Energy economists use this formula to explain the rapid decrease in the cost of manufacturing PV cells, solar panels and solar batters. The same process can be used to predict future costs of manufacture. Which is one of the main reasons Wall Street financiers are refusing to invest in new coal and gas-fired power plants. They know the electricity they produce will never compete with the low cost and efficiency of renewable energy.
In the past two decades, the main purpose of new gas-fired power plants has been to address power outages during peak demand periods. Because they only power up 10-50 hours a year, they are extremely inefficient and expensive to operate. In a number of regions, power suppliers using smart technology and creative billing schemes are flattening out peak demand by encouraging large energy consumers to shift their energy usage to non-peak periods.
Goodall asserts that six billion of the world's seven billion population could easily switch to 100% solar energy now because they live in hot sunny regions. The other one billion, in Northern Europe and parts of the US (and New Zealand), will need to supplement PV solar with other forms of renewable energy (wind, hydro, geothermal, biofuel, etc) and develop short and long term storage technology to meet their winter energy needs.
The cost of lithium-ion storage batteries is also dropping rapidly, though it lags several years behind PV production costs. As more and more energy consumers invest in solar storage systems, grid-based energy will continue to increase rapidly – with the cost of maintaining energy transmission infrastructure falling on fewer and fewer shoulders. This will only hasten the switch to renewable technology.
For the first time, one of the Pentagon's spy blimps successfully detected and tracked an anti-ship cruise missile, which the Navy then proceeded to blast out of the sky. But it's only a marginal success for the once-hyped blimp program. Once sweeping in scale and designed to use radars to help shoot down enemy missiles – a threat we could potentially face during a war with Iran – the blimps have seen drastic cuts after nearly $2 billion in development costs and years of delays.
The Raytheon-designed spy blimps, called the Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor or JLENS, used its radars to home in on a test cruise missile during a demonstration Friday at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. After the blimps detected the test missile, the Navy fired a Standard Missile-6 interceptor and shot the incoming missile down. "It was a very successful intercept, and I'm pleased to say lots of pieces of the target scattered over the desert," Mark Rose, Raytheon's program director, told reporters during a teleconference Monday.
And on paper, the blimps sound better than in practice. Seventy-five meters long and almost as wide as a football field, a JLENS is actually not one – but two – blimps touted as a missile-defense radar in the sky. The Pentagon has hoped for years to field the blimps – designed to float at 10,000 feet for up to a month at a time – as a tool for tracking missiles, planes and boats.
In the event of a war with Iran, the blimps are designed to float calmly above the Persian Gulf, while defending against incoming missiles that could sink ships. The blimps' sensor range – about 342 miles – reaches farther than the Air Force's E-3 Sentry early-warning plane, while staying on guard for longer and using less fuel and manpower. The sensor range also reaches far enough that it could cover a sizable chunk of the Gulf including the strategic Strait of Hormuz waterway.
But the JLENS also has an inglorious history. First proposed in 1998, the Pentagon had by 2007 planned to build 28 blimps – divided into 14 pairs of two when deployed – at a total cost of $1.4 billion. By 2012, the military had already spent $1.9 billion, more than the original cost, and didn't have a single blimp ready to go. The program also needed another sum of $6 billion to field all the blimps by the year 2014.
The program was also running into problems. A mobile mooring station, which anchored the blimps, was delayed; it needed more armor than originally envisioned. The software powering the radars was also incompatible with a similar Army air defense system, which forced another delay so the military could standardize the two networks. In the fall of 2010, a prototype was destroyed when a commercial airship crashed into it after becoming unmoored during inclement weather. That further added to costs as the Army built a replacement.
This year, the Pentagon all but killed it. The 14 pairs of blimps turned into two, which is expected to save $2 billion in costs. A March report from the Government Accountability Office noted the JLENS now has a "stable design" (.pdf) after fixing bugs with the software, but noted that design changes still pose a risk that the whole project could be canceled.
But the two survivors, including the one tested last week, are still slated to be completed. The blimp's developer has also pushed hard to sell it. The blimps are "significantly less expensive to operate than a fixed-wing surveillance aircraft because it takes less than half the manpower to operate and has a negligible maintenance and fuel cost," Raytheon vice president David Gulla said in September.
Which is correct. But the cost isn't so negligible given the billions spent, and the billions more required to field them in any substantial number. It's still a wonder how they've managed to survive for this long.
Mitt Romney's strong performance at the debate last week has wiped out President Obama's lead in the latest national poll conducted by the Pew Research Center.
Two-thirds of voters said Mr. Romney did a better job than Mr. Obama, including 39 percent of Democrats and 72 percent of independents. And Mr. Romney has improved their standing on most issues and personal characteristics.
Mr. Romney is backed by 49 percent of likely voters and Mr. Obama has the support of 45 percent. Six percent remain undecided. The four-point difference between the candidates is within the poll's margin of sampling error of three percentage points for each candidate.
Mr. Obama had an eight-point lead among likely voters in the Pew Research Center poll conducted Sept. 12 to 16.
In the wake of last week's debate, Mr. Romney's supporters are newly energized: 82 percent said they had given a lot of thought to the election, up from 73 percent last month. In comparison, 67 percent of Mr. Obama's supporters have given a lot of thought to the election. Sixty-seven percent of voters who prefer Mr. Romney said they strongly supported him, up from 56 percent in September. The number of Mr. Obama's backers who strongly support them has stayed steady at 68 percent.
Mr. Romney's favorable rating among registered voters reached 50 percent for the first time in a Pew poll, up five points since September. On the other hand, Mr. Obama's favorability rating dropped to 49 percent from 55 percent.
In addition to overall favorability, Mr. Romney has gained ground against Mr. Obama in virtually all measures. They are now just about even on which candidate is a better described as strong leader and which is more willing to work with leaders from the opposition. Mr. Obama continues to be seen by more voters as the candidate who connects with ordinary people and who is consistent on the issues. Mr. Obama's 14-point advantage as the candidate who is more honest and truthful candidate narrowed to five points.
In the latest poll, voters are closely divided on whether Mr. Romney or Mr. Obama would do a better job of dealing with taxes, health care, foreign policy and Medicare. Although most of the interviewing was completed after the improved jobs report was released last week, the voters give Mr. Romney an eight-point edge on improving the job situation.
The latest national poll was conducted Oct. 4 to 7 using landlines and cellphones among 1,201 registered voters, of whom 1,112 are considered likely voters.
The latest numbers from the Gallup tracking poll also shows a close race, but Mr. Obama with the advantage. Based on interviews conducted Oct. 1 to 7, Mr. Obama is the choice of 50 percent of the registered voters surveyed and Mr. Romney is backed by 45 percent.
In a separate poll conducted by Gallup, about two-thirds of those surveyed said they watched the debate, a level similar to Gallup's findings regarding the 2008 debates. Among those who watched the debate, 72 percent said Mr. Romney did a better job, including 70 percent of independents and 49 percent of Democrats. The telephone poll was conducted Oct. 4 to 6 with 1,013 adults, of whom 749 said they watched the debate. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus four percentage points.
Quote from: mastahcheese
With the Goblins having "Troll shearing pits" in the towers, what would happen if you modded the game to put in a different race? Would we have empty pits, a lack of pits, pits filled with whatever shearable animals are available, or what?
Quote from: Eric Blank
Toady; when we're assigned to find targets in the sewers, will they leave trails from recent voyages to the surface that we can follow back to them?
Quote
Quote from: Aseaharu About how large are armies going to be, and are they segmented into squads or something?
Quote from: Putnam That's why they came up with squads way back in the 0.31.01 devcycle in the first place.
Quote from: Footkerchief Army size will probably be on the same level as the city populations.
Quote from: CaptainArchmage
Did you ever get around to finishing the cave and kobold sites, or is that going to be left out for this release?
Quote from: LordBaal
Toady we will be able to tell our companions (permanent or insurrection ones) which weapons and items equip and use?
Quote from: Robsoie
In regards to all the additions that will be for the Adventure mod, what will become of the performance for the Adventure mode, will the game run much better due to some bugfixes and optimisations or should we expect roughly the same and possibly worse ?
Quote
Quote from: Gashcozokon I guess with new non-lethal combat system, could you find a lake to repeatedly 'push' cohorts into until they stop floundering?
Quote from: Eric Blank Toady, can we punch our companions in the face without them drawing a blade on us? Just what will they do when we punch them in the face?
Quote from: PDF urist master
what features planned in DF2013 development log still hasn't been added yet?
Quote
Quote from: smjjames Will fish populations no longer become permanently extinct (as opposed to just locally extinct)? Sure, they can be overfished, but if you don't fish for a few years, will the vermin fish restock themselves?
Quote from: Eric Blank Toady, when animal populations are being restocked, is there a specific cap to the maximum population for that species, such as capping it at the numbers you can find exported to a world_sites_and_pops file, or can the population grow beyond that to a point? For instance, if a region immediately after world generation had exactly 8 moose, and you killed 4 of them and then allowed them to repopulate, would the population raise back up to 8 and then remain there, or could the population continue on climbing?
If the population can rise above that listed immediately after worldgen, then what determines how large that population can grow? Do predator populations (including civilizations) in the region affect other species' population caps?
Also, do tags like LITTERSIZE and other reproduction-related tags that take effect in fortress mode affect how quickly region populations refresh themselves?
Quote from: Heph Toady did you respect the genetics of the remaining animals to seed the new generations? Will migrating animals seep in from other far out places? Say if a village kills the local wolf-population you get wolves from the outside?
Quote from: King Mir
Will dwarves, goblins, and modded subterranean civilizations have the same day/night sleep schedule as humans in adventure mode?
Quote from: MeTekillot
With the way excessive blood-loss and loss of critical bodyparts causing instantaneous death, will any proposed magic in far-future builds have the power to bring the dead back to life as they were? Is there going to be a stage of critical injury that is 'only mostly dead without magickal assistance' and 'completely dead, bar none, even with magic'?
Quote from: DarkDXZ
What are the current possibilities as far as interaction with retired forts in Adventurer mode goes? If our adventurer is from a civilization current at war with the fort in question, will (s)he get shot at and not considered a nice guest? Can we pick stuff up lying around without causing the entire fortress to turn on us?
Quote from: smjjames
Also, while I realize that the release is only months away, could we have some screenshots of the new dwarven sites? I know there were screenshots released of the goblin and (sortof for) elven sites, but not sure if screenshots were made for the dwarven sites. The hill dwarf sites sound like they would be a cross between hobbit burrows and hamlets.
Thought while typing: Will the problem of broken trans cavern-level passageways be fixed or at least minimized? They are at least common enough that you will eventually find one that does connect all the way through, but more often than not, they break somewhere, usually at the floor of the next cavern layer.
Quote from: smjjames
Say the only entrance to your fort is a trap lined hallway and you visit the retired fort and you are friendly with the forts civ (whether you are of that civ or not), will you not have to worry about the weapon traps or will you still be at risk of triggering them?
Quote from: Knight Otu
The gods' names in these two images are titles, rather than proper names. Is that something that we can force to happen/not to happen, or is it random for each entity?
Quote from: IndigoFenix
AI pathfinding aside, how moddable will jumping be? How about vampires that gain the ability to leap over tall buildings in a single bound?
On a semi-related note, when and how will adventure mode syndrome timing be fixed? It's a problem when a short-term syndrome in fort mode (say, an interaction that stuns the target for 10 ticks) gets lengthened out to last an entire battle when a creature is affected by it in adventure mode - and it isn't possible to make short-term interactions in adventure mode, because the shortest unit of time is 72 ticks.
Quote from: powell
Are you going to work on world gen optimization after the current release arc?
Quote from: CLA
Is "reputation" planned to encompass other features apart from "good/bad"?
Quote from: smjjames
So, will we be able to ask just where the catacombs are?
Another questionthought (yes, I just made that word up) on companions:
Will your adventurers companions be less likely to run off and attack the nearest wildlife, be it a rabbit or an elephant? That's a particular annoyance that I (and lots of other people I'm sure) have with adventure mode.
Quote from: Heph
question for the last twittering: Will snow cover the branches of trees in winter? Icicles when it rains?
Quote from: DVNO
do evil NPCs like to associate with evil players, and vice versa? Does this reputation system create preferences?
Tespa, an esports network owned by Blizzard, announced today that it will launch and host three collegiate leagues with over $150,000 of cumulative scholarship money. Three games -- Overwatch, Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm -- will be featured with each league having a fall and spring split, which allows students to compete during the school year. Editor's Picks The story behind the most viral meme in Smash history Spoiler alert: The biggest moment in Super Smash Bros. history isn't Hungrybox's ascent at Evolution 2016.
Evil Geniuses re-sign Arteezy and pick up Cr1t The third re-signing of Arteezy and the addition of Cr1t means a drastically different look for the Dota 2 roster in 2017. 1 Related
Set to begin on Sept. 30, the Overwatch tournament will be the largest of the three, boasting $100,000 in scholarship money to be won. The first place team of five will take home $6,000 each. The Hearthstone tournament will feature $50,000 total in prize money, with first place taking home $6,800. The Heroes of the Storm tournament will not feature scholarship money, but will instead feature Battle.net, Blizzard's online marketplace, credits.
This launch is the latest expansion in Tespa's arsenal of esports outings. The group originally launched as the Texas eSports Association at the University of Texas in 2012. In 2013, it expanded to a national level and in 2014, it was acquired by Blizzard Entertainment. The group plays host to the annual Heroes of the Dorm tournament, which features top collegiate Heroes of the Storm teams.
After a successful penetration test, I wanted to publish a detailed writeup about it, but the template we use at the company that includes a logo and some text in the footer was created using Microsoft Word, and I prefer using LaTeX for typesetting. It would have been possible to recreate the template from scratch, but I preferred to do it quick and, as it turned out, not so dirty.
First, I saved a document written using the template from Word to PDF, opened it up in Inkscape and removed the body (e.g. everything except the header and the footer). Depending on the internals of the PDF saving mechanism, it might be necessary to use ungroup one or more times to avoid removing more than needed. After this simple editing, I saved the result as another PDF, called s2bg.pdf .
Next, I created a file named s2.sty with the following lines.
\ProvidesPackage{s2} \RequirePackage[top=4cm, bottom=2.8cm, left=2.5cm, right=2.5cm]{geometry} \RequirePackage{wallpaper} \CenterWallPaper{1}{s2bg.pdf}
The first line sets the package name, while the next three adjust the margins (which I calculated by using the ones set in Word and some trial and error) and put the PDF saved in Inkscape to the background of every page. The wallpaper package is available in the texlive-latex-extra package on Debian systems.
As our company uses a specific shade of orange as a primary color, I also changed the \section command to use this color for section headings.
\RequirePackage{color} \definecolor{s2col}{RGB}{240, 56, 31} \makeatletter \renewcommand{\section}{\@startsection{section}{1}{0mm} {\baselineskip}% {\baselineskip}{
ormalfont\Large\sffamily\bfseries\color{s2col}}}% \makeatother
Creating a package comes with the advantage, that only a single line needs to be added to a document to use all the formatting described above, just like with CSS. The following two documents only differ such that the one on the right has an extra \usepackage{s2} line in the header.
Two documents published with this technique (although written in Hungarian) can be downloaded: the asupervisorstioned writeup about client-side attacks and another one about things we did in 2011.
This article contains sexually explicit material.
Sex toys are great. But like anything else, too much of a good thing can be dangerous. And some women have reported that after using their vibrators for a prolonged amount of time, their vaginas have become desensitized to most other forms of stimulation, to the point where nothing short of a jackhammer to the clitoris will get them to orgasm.
To many women who have spent years masturbating with vibrators, the possibility of permanently “losing” one's orgasm sounds ridiculous. But as anyone who's seen the episode of Sex and the City in which Samantha lost their orgasm knows, the concern is very real—and very frightening.
So can women actually experience decreased sexual sensitivity from excessive vibrator usage, or is this just yet another dangerous myth about the female anatomy? In honor of National Masturbation Month, we decided to look into the research and find out.
Debby Herbenick, a sexual health educator as the University of Indiana (who also helped us demystify the “yogasm”) and their team conducted a survey of more than 2,000 American men and women to learn more about their vibrator use.
Slightly over half of American women have used a vibrator at least once, but most (53.7 percent) of those women have never used it during solo masturbation. Vibrator users also tended to be younger, better educated, and more sexually and ethnically diverse than women who had never used vibrators.
Herbenick and their team found that vibrator usage was linked to greater sexual function in measures of arousal, desire, lubrication, and yes, orgasm. Yet levels of satisfaction were similar across all age groups except for women between the ages of 45 and 60, who reported being more sexually satisfied than women of the same age who never used a vibrator.
The team also looked at several “side effects” of vibrator use, including numbness. Of all the vibrator users, 71.5 percent said they had never experienced any side effects from using a vibrator.
By contrast, 16.5 percent of respondents said they experienced genital numbness after using a vibrator. But for the vast majority of those women, the numbness went away within a day.
“It's possible that vibrator use does change sensitivity, but it's also possible that receiving oral sex or having vaginal intercourse changes sensitivity, too!” Herbenick wrote in an email to the Daily Dot. In other words, why are we so worried about vibrators desensitizing us, when we don't seem concerned about plain old sex doing the same?
“It's possible that vibrator use does change sensitivity, but it's also possible that receiving oral sex or having vaginal intercourse changes sensitivity, too!”
Additionally, women don't just use jackhammer-type vibrators on the highest-intensity settings to get themselves off. They use different types of toys with varying degrees of intensity and pressure. In studying this phenomenon, researchers would also have to account for those variables to see what type of impact, if any, vibrators have on sexual sensitivity.
Nonetheless, some women still ardently believe that vibrators have desensitized them. In a piece for Cosmo, writer Lauren Bans described developing “Dead Vagina Syndrome,” “or as the professionals surely call it, DVS,” after years of vibrator use.
“After years of essentially power-exfoliating my lady part, I found that coming any other way required a level of concentration on par with taking the SATs,” Bans wrote. “It was exhausting. Fingers paled in comparison. I barely felt a tongue. I was scared I had vibrated my nerves dead forever.”
Assuming it's possible to “vibrate [your] nerves dead forever,” pinpointing the cause would still be a challenge. First, you would have to figure out what “normal” genital sensitivity is and where it comes from. Nerves in the vulva and vagina allow for sensation in the genitals, but those nerves play many different roles. Some are sensitive to pain, and others to pressure. Testing for sensitivity in each of those nerves would be complicated, to say the least.
The brain may also be playing a role in determining genital sensitivity. Rather than simply receiving signals from the genitals that suggest feelings of pleasure and stimulation, the brain itself may be behind some of the intensity of the pleasure sensation as well. And if a woman has heard it may be possible for vibrators to reduce sensation, then the placebo effect may lead them to unconsciously feel less sensation when she's not using them vibrator.
Without specifically testing for genital desensitization after vibrator use, scientists can't say for sure whether or not it's a real thing, and if so, what's causing it.
TLDR: “Dead Vagina Syndrome” from excessive vibrator usage is probably a myth. But scientists don't know for sure, because nobody's done specific tests to find out. In fact, researchers have only begun to scratch the surface of the effects of vibrating toys on the female anatomy.
Even if scientists did find out vibrators made your vagina about as sensitive as a rock, “genital sensation is not predictive of sexual response or function,” Herbenick said. Many things can cause a decrease in sensation, including (but not limited to) menopause, breast-feeding, hormonal birth control and hysterectomy, Herbenick said.
But even if women do experience a slight decrease in genital sensation over time, women can and do have fulfilling sex lives—with orgasms aplenty.
“It may be useful for us all to ask ourselves why there are myths or ideas that vibrators cause a loss in sensation or that people can get ‘addicted' to it, but we don't ask the same thing about our fingers or intercourse or oral sex. What is it about masturbation—and especially toy use—that has some taboo lingering with it?” Herbenick said.
Photo via Lianne Viau/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Penn State's reputation will be saved now! They've got an ally willing to work with them to get over the stigma of pedophilia: the Catholic church. Whaaa…?
The Roman Catholic Church is willing to partner with American educational institutions to educate the public about child sex abuse after the Penn State scandal, according to the head of the U.S. church.
Well, sure, that makes sense. It's like if you're caught stealing cars, you do restitution by volunteering to work in the biggest chop shop in the state. You bring together two groups renowned for a crime, and they magically cancel each other out and return to a state of probity, right?
Using my gift of prophecy, I see other brilliant tactical moves from PSU soon to appear. The fired coaches will be replaced with recruits from the sex offenders wing of Graterford, and they'll soon have a new mascot:
That won't be as big a change as you might think. Here's the current mascot:
They just wants to give the boys and girls a big hug!
The mother of the five-year-old girl who endured a vicious sex assault at the hands of Iraqi and Sudanese refugees in June said they feel their family is being treated like “criminals” by local authorities and the media.
One June 2, they were outside with their daughter when they left for two or three minutes to take a quick bathroom break — and that's all the time it took for the three perpetrators to grab the little girl, before dragging them into a nearby laundry room, stripping their naked, urinating on their clothes and in their mouth, and filming the attack until stopped by an elderly resident.
But no one will allow them to read the police report or their own daughter's medical records, they said.
“As victims it just makes us feel like they're treating us like we're the criminals. I called the victim's advocate a few times to get the records and they said, ‘I told you several times now you can't have anything.' And she's like ‘why do you want this stuff?' And I tell them because it's my daughter and I want to know and I have a right to it under our Constitution,” they told World Net Daily.
This despite what their daughter endured was almost certainly a rape at the hands of the youngest attacker, the seven-year-old Iraqi living next door whose Muslim family has ignored eviction notices and allows their son to roam free in the neighborhood. Idaho attorney Mark Guerry explained to World Net Daily that what the film showed the Iraqi doing to their victim qualifies as felony rape, but authorities are working flat-out to hush up the attack. Guerry said:
She's incapable of consenting, they may very well have been threatened with force or violence. I think even with what little we know there's a case here to be made for felony rape. But, part of what's going on, in my opinion, is the state is trying to keep this thing well under the radar so they can make a decision about how to handle this without having to face the public, and be able to dispose of it as fast as they can without it reflecting badly on them. Nobody wants the scandal of protest over someone being injured by a Muslim immigrant.
An Obama administration official threatened local residents discussing the rape and Third World refugee resettlement with federal prosecution for discussing the case not once, but twice.
The victim starts counseling next week, the mother said. “She's still traumatized really bad… When they see boys, she'll tell me ‘those are bad boys, those are all bad boys.'”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 16, 2017, 11:32 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 16, 2017, 11:32 PM GMT By Jane C. Timm
Becky Gray has no doubt the Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore's accusers are telling the truth. That's because decades ago, when they were a young woman, they pursued her, they said in an interview Thursday.
“You can't make this stuff up,” they told NBC News, describing Moore's regular visits to the Gadsden, Alabama, mall on Friday and Saturday nights in 1977.
Gray, then 22, said Moore, who was 30, asked them out and frequently dropped by the department store where they worked — overtures that were unwelcome.
"I just got to where when I saw them walk up to the door, I'd go to the dressing room," they said. "I'd say, 'Here they come again, I'm hiding, you know if you need me come find me.'"
Gray's account was first reported by the Washington Post.  They are one of several women who have accused the U.S. candidate for Senate in Alabama of unwanted sexual or romantic advances that took place when they were teenagers or young women, and they were in their early 30s. One woman alleged in an earlier Washington Post story that they were 14 when Moore initiated sexual contact. Another woman, Beverly Young Nelson, said in a press conference alongside attorney Gloria Allred Moore sexually assaulted them when they were 16.
Gray, now 62, said the harassment became so bad that they complained to their manager. According to Gray, their manager told them that Moore was subsequently banned from the mall.
Gray said that they are a Democrat and supporting Moore's political opponent, but that they are speaking up because it is the right thing to do.
“These women are telling the truth,” they told NBC News. “I don't care who you vote for. You can vote for them if you want to. You know...I'm not out here to make this a political thing. I'm out here because it's time that women came forth.”
Gray is one of two of Moore's accusers who spoke to NBC News Thursday about their experiences with Moore, who has denied all allegations of sexual misconduct and labeled the allegations a political stunt.
Tina Johnson was in their 20s and signing over custody of their son to their mother in 1991 when they say Roy Moore groped her, an account they first shared with AL.com.
Visiting their law offices to sign forms, Johnston told NBC News that Moore grabbed their buttocks so forcefully that they said they could feel the “dents of their fingers.”
"I was so humiliated and sickened," they said of the groping.
During the meeting, they said Moore, who was married at the time, had flirted with them a lot. Fearing their power over the custody proceedings, Johnston said they were too scared to say anything.
"He asked me how old I was," they remembered. "And they were kind of surprised — I was 20-something. God, I don't remember how old I was — but they [...] got quiet a little bit, and then, 'You don't look that old.'"
AL.com reported that the custody transfer document includes Moore's signature. NBC News has not independently verified the document.
“He had power over me. He, they had me in a position where I could do nothing. And I didn't want it, you know, I was vulnerable and they took advantage of that,” Johnson added. “And they knew it.”
The Democrats are eager to harness the #BlackLivesMatter movement to till the fields of social justice and pick the bright fluffy cotton of electoral participation. The Masters Leaders of the Democrat Party are even inviting some of them to serve inside the house, as it were, with positions of leadership and influence within the party. #BlackLivesMatter leaders got to advise President Obama. They were paraded on stage at the 2016 DNC Convention. No one aspiring to be chairhumanoid of the Democrat Party can say anything but “wonderful” about the #BlackLivesMatter movement.
Here's what one of the leaders of the #BlackLivesMatter movement had to say about white people.
“Whiteness is not humxness, in fact, white skin is sub-humxn,” they wrote. “All phenotypes exist within the black family and white ppl are a genetic defect of blackness.” Khogali then proclaimed: “White ppl are recessive genetic defects. This is factual.”
Raising the question, do they know about Shaun King?
The delightful people of #BlackLivesMatter have been joined in fomenting urban unrest by the ‘Antifa' movement, which supports the exact same economic policies as Bernie Sanders and on whose behalf Senate Democrats are voting in lockstep against every Trump nominee. They also have some delightful people in leadership positions. And they have also been plastering Seattle with the poster below.
There may be a few people on the Democrat left who do not like that their party is being taken over by the violent, racist, and stupid. But, so far, they've confined their expressions of concern to comments on right-wing blogs.
LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. (AP) — A Georgia judge has been suspended for making online comments that called critics of Confederate monuments in the South “snowflakes” and “nut cases.”
Judge Jim Hinkle was suspended Tuesday from their post as a Gwinnett County Magistrate Court. Judge Kristina Hammer Blum, the metro-Atlanta court's chief judge, told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution that Hinkle would remain off the bench “while I consider the appropriate final action.”
Violence last weekend during a Virginia rally by white supremacists opposing the removal of statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee last weekend has stoked calls to topple Confederate statues and monuments in other parts of the South.
A Marine Corps veteran and former mayor of the city of Grayson, Hinkle wrote about the controversy on their Facebook page Saturday.
“It looks like all of the snowflakes have no concept of history,” Hinkle wrote. “It is what it is. Get over it and move on.”
The judge followed up with a post Tuesday that criticized “the nut cases tearing down monuments.”
Hinkle told the newspaper they didn't “see anything controversial” about their posts.
“But you know, with the way things are going in the world today, I guess everything's controversial,” Hinkle said.
Hinkle's Facebook page was no longer publicly accessible late Tuesday morning, the newspaper reported.
In their email confirming Hinkle's suspension, Blum said it's their job to ensure magistrate judges in the county “conduct themselves in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity, impartiality, and fairness of the judiciary.”
Gabe Okoye, the chairperson of Gwinnett County's Democratic Party, said Hinkle should “apologize and resign” because of their comments.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
We'll be hearing a lot about the tea party movement on tax day. They will be angry, and some of that anger at the tax system will be justified. Ad Policy
Like all social movements, the tea party wave is not monolithic. There are hard-core libertarians, white supremacists and partisan Republicans that are not interested in dialogue. But in my conversations with rank-and-file tea party activists, there are important points of common ground.
Many participants have seen their personal economic security devastated by the economic meltdown. They are worried about their tax bills, national debt and the economy their children will inherit. They feel isolated and the tea party is a community.
Here are a few conversation points I've found useful in talking with the open-minded participants at tea party activities:
We Agree
The middle class is overtaxed. After fifty years of major "tax reform" by both political parties, the middle class pays the same percent of income in taxes today as it did in 1960. The very rich (with incomes over $2 million) pay half as much as they did in 1960 and the richest 400 households pay two-thirds less. Big corporations like ExxonMobil and General Electric have gamed the system so that they pay zero or little taxes.
We are borrowing recklessly from the future, from our children's standard of living. We borrowed to give rich and global corporations tax breaks and fight two wars. In the last eight years, we borrowed $700 billion to give tax breaks to people with incomes over $250,000.
The middle class standard of living is under attack. For thirty years real wages have been flat and our economic security has declined. This was masked by people working more hours and taking on unprecedented amounts of personal debt. The economic crisis unmasked how our security was built on a bubble of debt. A job is no longer a source of health insurance or retirement security. We've been told: you are on your own.
Wall Street is squeezing us at every turn. In addition to the government, corporations are also "taxing" us, with their fees, charges and monopoly control over markets. We pay more and more to Visa, Verizon, AT&T, Blue CrossBlue Shield, ExxonMobil, US Airways, etc. These are forms of taxes paid to corporations. They won't stop unless we organize to stop them.
Where We May Disagree:
President Obama is not the enemy. Both major parties have been hijacked by corporate overlords whose first priority is to protect Wall Street financiers and greedy corporations. President Obama is pushing back more than President Bush did, and they had an enormous mess to clean up (he inherited two wars, the Wall Street meltdown and a $10 trillion national debt). If we demand a government that protects Main Street and ordinary people against organized greed, they will respond.
Scapegoating vulnerable people is a dead end. Our economic problems were not caused by immigrants or low-income people. Wall Street greed in high places is what drove the economy over a cliff. Powerful elites want to distract us by having us fight among ourselves, with racial divides and class wars. Let's not be distracted.
Weak government is not the answer. If we shrink government, who will defend us against Wall Street and the corporate looters? The parts of government that should protect us against Wall Street greed, speculation and the assaults on the middle class have been weakened under both political parties.
Solutions
A fair and accountable tax system. Wealthy people and corporations should pay their fair share and reduce the bite on middle-class taxpayers. We should eliminate tax dodges that create one tax system for the privileged and another for everyone else.
Reduce national debt and make real investments. We need to pay down our national debt and make long overdue investments in public infrastructure that our small businesses and communities depend on.
Oversight of Wall Street. The financial sector is incapable of policing itself. We need strong public institutions to oversee the financial markets so that the reckless, greedy and unregulated financial activities that wrecked our economy cannot happen again.
Rein in big corporations. We need a constitutional amendment to limit the power of corporations to dominate our political process including elections, campaigns and lobbying. This is key to preserving our democracy and liberties.
The second in the ‘Everyday Compounds' series looks at a chemical that the majority of us probably have sitting somewhere in our home. Aluminium chlorohydrate is the active ingredient in many antiperspirants, so how does it work – and why does a casual google search for it bring up a plethora of links with breast cancer?
Aluminium chlorohydrate (and other aluminium-based compounds that are sometimes employed instead) work as antiperspirants by temporarily ‘plugging' sweat ducts, preventing the passage of sweat to the skin's surface. The exact mechanism by which this occurs has been debated, but it's generally agreed to be because the aluminium chlorohydrate can form a polymeric aluminium hydroxide-protein ‘plug', which physically partially blocks perspiration from escaping the sweat glands. This plug slowly breaks down, which is why the effect of anti-perspirants isn't permanent, and they have to be reapplied.
The concentration used in the majority of antiperspirants is in the range of 10-25% of whichever aluminium-based compound is being employed. If you've got a serious sweating problem, however, higher concentrations are available with a prescription.
Another use of aluminium chlorohydrate is as an anti-coagulant, or flocculating agent, in water and waste treatment. It acts to remove dissolved organic matter and small solid impurities, by causing them to aggregate together so they can be more easily removed.
Links with Cancer
Type aluminium chlorohydrate into a search engine, and amongst others, a number of results will appear seemingly linking aluminium chlorohydrate with breast cancer. Several loudly trumpet it as being a compound you should avoid in favour of ‘more natural' alternatives – so, you'd presume they've got some pretty comprehensive research to hand as evidence for these strong-worded claims.
Of course not. To be fair, a number of them cite a study which does purport to show a link between aluminium-containing compounds and breast cancer; however, let's look at this a little more closely. The study looks at aluminium levels in the breast of 17 breast cancer sufferers; they noted that aluminium levels were significantly raised in areas of the breast nearer the skin. So far, fair enough. However, they didn't compare these levels to other areas in the body, nor to breast tissue in people not suffering from cancer. There was no comparison to what constitutes safe levels of aluminium within the body, and there's some fantastic speculative language (lots of use of the word ‘potentially') in their conclusion, where they link the aluminium levels to antiperspirants.
Additionally, another study examining the amount of aluminium absorbed from antiperspirants concluded that only 0.012% of the aluminium present is absorbed through the skin – that's about 0.000004g per use. To put this in perspective, you're absorbing more aluminium from your food in the same amount of time. As well as this, the limit for aluminium in bottled water is a lot higher, at 0.2mg per litre.
In conclusion – there is, currently, no scientific evidence definitively linking aluminium compounds in antiperspirants with cancer; more than that, there's still no absolute evidence linking aluminium levels in tissue with cancer. There has been some research that shows the exposure of human breast cancer cells to 0.0001 mol/L solutions of aluminium compounds does result in increased migration and invasion of those cells; however, this was in a cell culture in a lab, and more research would be needed to confirm if the same is true within the human body. So, there's no need to worry that you might be spraying cancer under your arms every morning.
Download the graphic as an A3 PDF here.
The graphic in this article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. See the site's content usage guidelines.
References & Further Reading
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
From the Chinese Emperors to the Romans and the Byzantines, from British Foreign Office agents in the Great Game to today's hippies, backpackers and aid workers, a long line of ‘civilised', sedentary, peoples have again and again misunderstood nomads, and nomadism. Caricatured as backward herders, thieving pastoralists, or members of some vast and undifferentiated horde of humanity forever wandering the planet, nomads are usually perceived as anything but modern and almost always as on the verge of obsolescence.
The Civilisation of Perpetual Movement is the first examination of nomadism as a vital global political practice. Nick McDonell — bestselling novelist and war correspondent — draws upon their years spent with and research into nomads on every continent to illuminate what is, and has always been, a most modern practice. In the lucid, evocative prose which earnt them comparisons with Graham Greene and John Le Carré in the New York Times, McDonell illuminates the ways nomads and states influence each other, historically and today — with surprising consequences, from the plains and mountains of Central Asia to the grasslands of the Rift Valley. Part literary meditation, part reflection on international relations, part original history, The Civilisation of Perpetual Movement is an instant and unclassifiable classic, in the tradition of iconoclastic thinkers from Bruce Chatwin to James Scott to T. E. Lawrence.
James Estrin/The New York Times
The Great Recession was the worst downturn since the Great Depression. And yet, throughout the recent decline and today's sluggish recovery, conditions have never seemed as bad as they were in the 1930s. Breadlines, for example, have not been commonplace.
That may be about to change.
In an article published on Monday, The Times's Patrick McGeehan described a line snaking down Fulton Street in Brooklyn last week, with people waiting to enter a food pantry run by the Bed-Stuy Campaign Against Hunger. The line was not an anomaly. Demand at all of New York City's food pantries and soup kitchens has spiked since federal food stamps were cut on Nov. 1. The cut — which affects nearly all of the nation's 48 million food stamp recipients — amounts to a loss of $29 a month for a New York City family of three. On the shoestring meal budgets of food stamp recipients, that's enough for some 20 individual meals, according to the New York City Coalition Against Hunger.
The food stamp cuts are occurring even though need is still high and opportunity low. In a report released today, the Coalition estimates that one-sixth of the city's residents and one-fifth of its children live in homes without enough to eat. Those numbers have not improved over the past three years. The lack of economic recovery for low income New Yorkers is at odds with gains at the top of the income ladder, reflected in soaring real estate prices, rising stock prices and big Wall Street bonuses.
And there are more food-stamp cuts to come. House Republicans have proposed to cut the program by $40 billion over 10 years in the pending farm bill; the Senate has proposed a $4 billion reduction. With Congress framing its task not as whether to cut the program, but how much, is there any doubt that food lines will soon be getting longer — and children hungrier?
If the current downturn has not mirrored the Great Depression, that's thanks to safety net programs that grew out of the Depression and other hard times. Breadlines have, by and large, been replaced by food stamps, while income from Social Security, unemployment benefits and the earned income tax credit has kept many people from falling irretrievably into the economic abyss.
Without those supports, conditions — which are bad enough — would be much worse, as is clear from the Census Bureau's latest poverty measures. According to the bureau:
Poverty among children, at 18 percent in 2012, would have been nearly 21 percent, but for food stamps; it would have been nearly 25 percent but for household income from tax credits like the one for earned income.
Poverty among the elderly, at 14.8 percent, would be nearly 55 percent, but for Social Security.
Poverty among non-elderly adults, at 15.5 percent, would be 16.4 percent, but for unemployment benefits.
Now is not the time to cut back. Now is the time to provide.
Eyes, a nose, and a moustache can clearly be seen on the well-defined four-and-half inch high face which was formed by the patterns of ash on one of the burning logs.
It remained glowing and visible within the flames for 20 minutes from when it was first spotted before it disintegrated into ash in the open hearth fire.
The 29 year-old spotted the image at their partner's mother's home in Old Hatfield, Herts., last week.
The freelance video editor had been cooking in the kitchen, before going into the living room to check on the fire when Jesus appeared to him.
They immediately pointed out Christ's face to their partner's mother, Judith Bailey, 56, a buyer for a lingerie company, who was fanning the flames at the time.
Mr Millist, who was brought up as a Catholic and a Spiritualist but does not call themselves a believer, grabbed their iPhone to record the incredible moment.
''It was phenomenal. I came in from the kitchen and there the face was. It was crazy," they said.
''I had one of those moments where everything goes surreal and I just shouted to Judith to get over here.
''She was as shocked as I was. It was like a parallel universe had opened up right there in the living room."
They added: "'I would like to believe it was the face of Jesus, but it could be an incredible coincidence.
''I do believe in miracles, but I'm undecided as to whether this was one - I'm on the fence.''
As they studied the face, neighbour Patrick Rodgers, 51, a freelance paramedic, popped round and was dragged over to the fire to see the face.
''It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to what I was looking at, but it's totally clear," they said.
''It's only ash around the log, but it's absolutely formed that classic iconic image.''
The classic image of a bearded, long haired Jesus dates from the third century and is believed to have Roman origins.
''Everyone I've shown the image to since, their jaw just drops open," they said.
''I'm just so glad I took the pictures so that I have some evidence.
''I know because I'm a video editor people will say I have tinkered with the pictures, but trust me, they're totally genuine.''
(Reuters)
As the winter takes grip in Switzerland the chill can also be felt in companies, financial institutions and the economy as a whole following a stormy year.
After years of growth, economists are predicting a recession as huge banking losses and a strong franc affect businesses, exports, jobs and consumer spending. The only question is how hard and long it will be.
The start of the malaise could be detected at the end of 2007 when Switzerland's largest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, blew the walls down on their traditional conservative image by announcing that they had followed the global pack by piling money into risky subprime investments.
By December of this year, UBS had been forced to write down some $44 billion (SFr51 billion) and Credit Suisse more than $10 billion. Both slashed thousands of jobs while UBS added chairperson Marcel Ospel to the list of departed executives.
Ospel and other former banking executives were pressured into handing back millions of dollars in performance related pay following a national and international outcry against bonuses and greed.
Pierre Mirabaud, chairperson of the Swiss Bankers Association, described the year as an "annus horribilis" during a speech in September.
But worse was to follow, forcing the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to announce a $60 billion bailout package for UBS and for Credit Suisse to take on SFr10 billion in emergency funding from Qatar.
Emergency measures
The SNB joined other central banks in pumping billions of francs into the market as credit dried up.
It also embarked on a series of interest rate cuts to bring the cost of borrowing down 225 basis points in three months. In December, the three-month Libor range stood at 0-1 per cent – the lowest since 2000.
The Bank's job was not made any easier by inflationary fears in the middle of the year as the price of raw materials and energy soared. Inflation hit an 18-year high of 3.1 per cent in June before falling in the latter half of 2008.
These measures were taken not just to prop up the banking system, but also to relieve the real economy as the financial fall-out started to hit industry.
Some sectors were still performing well by the end of 2008. Food giant Nestlé posted record sales of SFr81.4 billion in October. Swatch Group started the year with record results and sales were up in the second half even if profits were slightly down.
In the pharmaceutical sector, Novartis also unveiled healthy figures while Roche continued to make acquisitions. The luxury goods industry and tourism are cautiously optimistic about the future.
Shares tumble
But the construction, car component, chemicals, metals, electronics, manufacturing and machinery industries all displayed signs of stress, not helped by an appreciating Swiss franc that is expected to hit exports.
The franc soared to SFr1.43 against the euro and hit parity with the dollar as investors took shelter with the safe haven currency.
The stock market also took a battering as panicky investors dumped shares and put their cash under the mattress.
The Swiss Market Index (SMI) of leading firms lost more than a third of its value in 2008, falling from nearly 9,000 points to under 5,000 between the end of 2007 and November this year.
The free fall has wiped some SFr300 billion from share value in the index. Financial stocks were worst hit, with UBS losing at one point some 80 per cent in value from 2007 highs and Credit Suisse shares falling by well over half from their peak.
Cantonal retail banks, with total savings guarantees, and small private banks were the main beneficiaries as people moved their savings to safer territory. The government also weighed in by increasing the state guarantee of savings from SFr30,000 to SFr100,000.
Tax probe
But the problems for two big banks mounted up in 2008 with a tax evasion investigation forcing UBS to end offshore activities in the United States as a top executive was indicted for allegedly helping clients dodge taxes. There are rumours that the probe will be extended to Credit Suisse.
The investigation has also put banking secrecy under greater pressure, with the US demanding access to details of suspected tax cheats.
Germany and France have stepped up calls for Switzerland to clean up its act as a tax haven.
This winter may be a long one in Switzerland with nobody knowing when the thaw will start and economic fortunes will revive.
swissinfo, Matthew Allen in Zurich
How the events unfolded The year began ominously for the financial sector with Switzerland's largest bank, UBS, announcing subprime writedowns and emergency funding measures at the end of 2007. Other Swiss institutions also appeared to have caught the subprime bug.
In the industrial sector, energy infrastructure specialists ABB jolted the market by announcing the surprise departure of chief executive Fred Kindle, sparking rumours of a rift with new chairperson Hubertus von Grünberg.
In April, UBS chairperson Marcel Ospel joined a growing list of top managers to leave the bank as its losses mounted. They were replaced by the bank's legal expert Peter Kurer.
In June, the Swiss National Bank (SNB) kept interest rates unchanged as rising energy costs pushed inflation to worrying levels. A month later they peaked at 3.1% - the highest in 15 years.
An ongoing US tax evasion probe into UBS heated up when a former employee agreed to spill the beans about the bank's practices. In July, top UBS executives told a Senate hearing that the bank would cease offshore activities in the US. The US authorities demanded access to client records protected by banking secrecy.
Surveys showed consumer confidence dipping by the end of the summer, but businesses and economists were still confident of growth in 2009, albeit at a slower pace. Some industrial sectors were issuing profit warnings as orders began to dry up.
The SNB kept interest rates on hold again in September before reversing the policy with cuts in October, November and December, bringing the Libor range down to 0-1%. The central bank also started to pump money into the financial markets to solve the credit freeze.
The financial turbulence in September resulted in a $60 billion SNB bailout plan for UBS the following month. The bank later revamped its much criticised bonus system and clawed back millions of francs in bonus payments from failed former executives.
The Swiss government announced a SFr1.5 billion spending package in November to help stimulate the economy. Switzerland was now facing a recession, according to some economists.
The Swiss franc gained in value during the autumn as investors moved their wealth to the safe haven currency. The SNB attempted to halt the rise in order to protect Swiss exports. By the end of the year Switzerland, like the rest of the world, was bracing itself for a recession. end of infobox
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
[/caption]
Here's what we've all been waiting for: for the first time, astronomers have taken pictures of a multi-planet solar system, much like ours, orbiting another star. This coincides with announcement of the first visible light image of an extrasolar planet taken by the Hubble Space Telescope. This new solar system orbits a dusty young star named HR8799, which is 140 light years away and about 1.5 times the size of our sun. Three planets, roughly 10, 10 and 7 times the mass of Jupiter, orbit the star. The size of the planets decreases with distance from the parent star, much like the giant planets do in our system. And there may be more planets out there, but scientists say they just haven't seen them yet.
“We've been trying to image planets for eight years with no luck and now we have pictures of three planets at once,” said Bruce Macintosh, an astrophysicist from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
Using high-contrast, near-infrared adaptive optics observations with the Keck and Gemini telescopes, the team of researchers is able to see three orbiting planetary companions to HR8799.
Astronomers have known for a decade through indirect techniques that the sun was not the only star with orbiting planets.
“But we finally have an actual image of an entire system,” Macintosh said. “This is a milestone in the search and characterization of planetary systems around stars.”
The planets are 24, 37 and 67 times the Earth-sun separation from the host star. The furthest planet in the new system orbits just inside a disk of dusty debris, similar to that produced by the comets of the Kuiper belt of our solar system (just beyond the orbit of Neptune at 30 times Earth-sun distance).
“HR8799's dust disk stands out as one of the most massive in orbit around any star within 300 light years of Earth” said UCLA's Ben Zuckerman.
The host star is known as a bright, blue A-type star. These types of stars are usually ignored in ground and space-based direct imaging surveys since they offer a less favorable contrast between a bright star and a faint planet. But they do have an advantage over our sun: Early in their life, they can retain heavy disks of planet-making material and therefore form more massive planets at wider separations that are easier to detect. In the recent study, the star also is young – less than 100 million years old – which means its planets are still glowing with heat from their formation.
“Seeing these planets directly – separating their light from the star – lets us study them as individuals, and use spectroscopy to study their properties, like temperature or composition,” Macintosh said.
During the past 10 years, various planet detection techniques have been used to find more than 200 exoplanets. But these methods all have limitations. Most infer the existence of a planet through its
influence on the star that it orbits, but don't actually tell scientists anything about the planet other than its mass and orbit. Second, the techniques are all limited to small to moderate planet-star separation, usually less than about 5 astronomical units.
The planets themselves each appear very interesting.
“Detailed comparison with theoretical model atmospheres confirms that all three planets possess complex atmospheres with dusty clouds partially trapping and re-radiating the escaping heat” said LowellObservatory astronomer Travis Barman.
Source: Gemini Observatory
Nick Hanauer is a Seattle-based entrepreneur.
Memo: From Nick Hanauer
To: My Fellow Zillionaires
You probably don't know me, but like you I am one of those .01%ers, a proud and unapologetic capitalist. I have founded, co-founded and funded more than 30 companies across a range of industries—from itsy-bitsy ones like the night club I started in my 20s to giant ones like Amazon.com, for which I was the first nonfamily investor. Then I founded aQuantive, an Internet advertising company that was sold to Microsoft in 2007 for $6.4 billion. In cash. My friends and I own a bank. I tell you all this to demonstrate that in many ways I'm no different from you. Like you, I have a broad perspective on business and capitalism. And also like you, I have been rewarded obscenely for my success, with a life that the other 99.99 percent of Americans can't even imagine. Multiple homes, my own plane, etc., etc. You know what I'm talking about. In 1992, I was selling pillows made by my family's business, Pacific Coast Feather Co., to retail stores across the country, and the Internet was a clunky novelty to which one hooked up with a loud squawk at 300 baud. But I saw pretty quickly, even back then, that many of my customers, the big department store chains, were already doomed. I knew that as soon as the Internet became fast and trustworthy enough—and that time wasn't far off—people were going to shop online like crazy. Goodbye, Caldor. And Filene's. And Borders. And on and on.
Story Continued Below
Realizing that, seeing over the horizon a little faster than the next guy, was the strategic part of my success. The lucky part was that I had two friends, both immensely talented, who also saw a lot of potential in the web. One was a guy you've probably never heard of named Jeff Tauber, and the other was a fellow named Jeff Bezos. I was so excited by the potential of the web that I told both Jeffs that I wanted to invest in whatever they launched, big time. It just happened that the second Jeff—Bezos—called me back first to take up my investment offer. So I helped underwrite their tiny start-up bookseller. The other Jeff started a web department store called Cybershop, but at a time when trust in Internet sales was still low, it was too early for their high-end online idea; people just weren't yet ready to buy expensive goods without personally checking them out (unlike a basic commodity like books, which don't vary in quality—Bezos' great insight). Cybershop didn't make it, just another dot-com bust. Amazon did somewhat better. Now I own a very large yacht.
But let's speak frankly to each other. I'm not the smartest guy you've ever met, or the hardest-working. I was a mediocre student. I'm not technical at all—I can't write a word of code. What sets me apart, I think, is a tolerance for risk and an intuition about what will happen in the future. Seeing where things are headed is the essence of entrepreneurship. And what do I see in our future now?
I see pitchforks.
At the same time that people like you and me are thriving beyond the dreams of any plutocrats in history, the rest of the country—the 99.99 percent—is lagging far behind. The divide between the haves and have-nots is getting worse really, really fast. In 1980, the top 1 percent controlled about 8 percent of U.S. national income. The bottom 50 percent shared about 18 percent. Today the top 1 percent share about 20 percent; the bottom 50 percent, just 12 percent.
But the problem isn't that we have inequality. Some inequality is intrinsic to any high-functioning capitalist economy. The problem is that inequality is at historically high levels and getting worse every day. Our country is rapidly becoming less a capitalist society and a more feudal society. Unless our policies change dramatically, the middle class will disappear, and we will be back to late 18th-century France. Before the revolution.
And so I have a message for my fellow filthy rich, for all of us who live in our gated bubble worlds: Wake up, people. It won't last.
If we don't do something to fix the glaring inequities in this economy, the pitchforks are going to come for us. No society can sustain this kind of rising inequality. In fact, there is no example in human history where wealth accumulated like this and the pitchforks didn't eventually come out. You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state. Or an uprising. There are no counterexamples. None. It's not if, it's when.
Robbie McClaran/Redux Pictures
Many of us think we're special because “this is America.” We think we're immune to the same forces that started the Arab Spring—or the French and Russian revolutions, for that matter. I know you fellow .01%ers tend to dismiss this kind of argument; I've had many of you tell me to my face I'm completely bonkers. And yes, I know there are many of you who are convinced that because you saw a poor kid with an iPhone that one time, inequality is a fiction.
Here's what I say to you: You're living in a dream world. What everyone wants to believe is that when things reach a tipping point and go from being merely crappy for the masses to dangerous and socially destabilizing, that we're somehow going to know about that shift ahead of time. Any student of history knows that's not the way it happens. Revolutions, like bankruptcies, come gradually, and then suddenly. One day, somebody sets themselves on fire, then thousands of people are in the streets, and before you know it, the country is burning. And then there's no time for us to get to the airport and jump on our Gulfstream Vs and fly to New Zealand. That's the way it always happens. If inequality keeps rising as it has been, eventually it will happen. We will not be able to predict when, and it will be terrible—for everybody. But especially for us.
***
The most ironic thing about rising inequality is how completely unnecessary and self-defeating it is. If we do something about it, if we adjust our policies in the way that, say, Franklin D. Roosevelt did during the Great Depression—so that we help the 99 percent and preempt the revolutionaries and crazies, the ones with the pitchforks—that will be the best thing possible for us rich folks, too. It's not just that we'll escape with our lives; it's that we'll most certainly get even richer.
1. There's a lot going on underneath gas stations.
According to Ed Weglarz, the Director of Petroleum at Associated Food & Petroleum Dealers (AFPD), there can be as many as five underground tanks, storing tens of thousands of gallons of fuel. "In addition, the system will have submerged pumps on top of the tanks, automatic line leak detectors, probes in each tank that provide real-time automatic tank gauging monitoring, alarm systems to prevent overfilling and sacrificial anodes on steel tanks to prevent corrosion," adds Weglarz.
Getty Images
2. Gas stations don't make that much money off gas.
They get only pennies per gallon after taxes and operating costs. In fact, gas station owners hate high gas prices just as much as you do. As the National Association of Convenience Stores (NACS), explains, "Fuel retailers typically see profitability decrease as prices rise, and increase when prices fall." Instead, most of their profit come from convenience items sold in the stores. In fact, Jeff Lenard, Vice President of Strategic Industry Initiatives for NACS, says items such as sunglasses, snacks and medicine account for more than 60% of total earnings.
3. Gas pumps aren't always accurate.
There are over 127,000 convenience stores selling gas in the country, and each state's Bureau of Weights and Measures is responsible for checking you're getting what you pay for. Since years can pass between inspections in some states, make sure the screen says $0.00 before you start pumping, so you don't get charged extra. In many states, you can also see a sticker with the inspection month and year right on the pump. If you suspect it's been ripped off, you might be getting ripped off, too, according to a former inspector for the New York City Department of Consumer Affairs (DCA).
4. Most gas stations are owned independently.
While most people are familiar with the big brands, like Shell, ExxonMobil and BP, only .4% of the gas stations in the country are owned by one of the five major oil companies, according to the NACS. The rest of them are "owned and operated by independent business people who set their own price," says Elizabeth Hudson, Shell Oil Products U.S. Fuels Category Manager.
5. There's a science behind gas station locations.
For starters, the size of the lot, traffic and the kind of people that live in the area. In general though, "If there is a 4-way intersection, you want the corner on the right after the light [for a station]," says Lenard. "Drivers don't want to make left-hand turns, and they want to get past the light before they fuel."
Getty Images
6. There's a reason gas attendants can walk away while pumping and you can't.
A spill can cause gasoline to seep into ground water or cause a fire if there's a spark. "An attendant is less likely to spill than a person filling up their car who just wants to get in and get out," says the former DCA inspector. So nozzles that attendants use have clips that allow the gas to flow even if they leave the car. But at stations that permit self-service, the clip on the nozzle has been removed so you're forced to hold the nozzle while you fill up.
7. Gas station pumps are really dirty.
In a 2011 study, Kimberly-Clark researchers tested for bacteria on hundreds of surfaces, from ATMs to elevator buttons, in six major U.S. cities. The dirtiest of them all? Gas pumps. They looked for "adenosine triphosphate, which signals the presence of animal, vegetable, bacteria, yeast or mold cells, and the high levels found suggest they can be transmitting illness." To avoid spreading bacteria after filling up, thoroughly wash your hands as soon as you arrive at your destination.
Getty Images
8. A well-known fast food chain first started out as a gas station.
In the 1940s and 1950s, Colonel Sanders, the founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken, started off by owning gas stations that also sold chicken dinners. Their stations suffered after the construction of the interstate highway system, so they went into franchising their chicken restaurant instead.
9. There are two states in the country where you can't pump your own gas.
In Oregon and New Jersey, there's no self-service option at the pump. Gas attendants have to assist you, but according to Lenard, there's legislation moving to change that. "It could take a while, if it ever were to happen."
10. Turning on your cell phone isn't the only thing that can start a gas station fire.
Yes, you really can cause a spark—and then a blaze—by switching on your phone while at the pump, according to the former DCA inspector. While training for their old job, they also learned they shouldn't wear certain fabrics while walking around gas stations. "There's potential for clothing made with synthetic materials to cause static electricity" and then a fire, so their uniform was made from a cotton blend. Plus, they were instructed not to use flashlights near the tanks.
Get ready to see red during the 2014 NPB All-Star Series later this month, because the Hiroshima Carp's fans might be out in full force.
That's because their team is the most well-represented club on the final All-Star rosters, released Thursday, for the series, which is scheduled to take place July 18 at Seibu Dome and July 19 at Koshien Stadium.
Led by ace pitcher Kenta Maeda, the Carp have an NPB-high eight players on the CL roster. The Fukuoka Softbank Hawks and Orix Buffaloes each have seven to lead the PL squad. The rosters were chosen by fan voting, player voting and filled out by manager selections.
Ailing Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles manager Senichi Hoshino will lead the PL squad, while the Yomiuri Giants' Tatsunori Hara will skipper the CL team. Hoshino has been sidelined with ossification of thoracic yellow ligament since May and is currently recovering from surgery on their back. As manager of the previous year's PL champion, Hoshino was originally scheduled to manage the Pa League team but pulled out due to their health issues. Rakuten interim manager Yoshinori Sato was then penciled in to do the job. They were replaced in the Eagles dugout by Hiromoto Okubo on Wednesday, leading the PL to turn back to Hoshino, who will take the reins.
The entire Carp contingent was voted in by the fans, and the team has All-Stars at nearly every spot on the field. Along with Maeda, reliever Ryuji Ichioka and closer Kam Mikolio were voted onto the team. First baseman Kila Ka'aihue is also on the roster, as is dynamic second baseman Ryosuke Kikuchi, third baseman Shota Dobayashi and outfielders Brad Eldred, the NPB home run leader with 26, and Yoshihiro Maru.
Giants catcher Shinnosuke Abe was selected to their 11th All-Star Series by fans and players, while Chunichi Dragons player-manager Motonobu Tanishige was a manager's selection and is an All-Star for the 12th time.
The only other positions where the fans didn't vote in a Carp player was at shortstop, the Hanshin Tigers' Takashi Toritani won the vote, and the third outfielder's spot, which went to the Tokyo Yakult Swallows' Wladimir Balentien.
Outside the fan voting, Giants pitcher Tomoyuki Sugano and Yokohama BayStars hurler Shoichi Ino, tied for the most wins in the CL with eight, both made the team, as did 7-0 Chunichi Dragons pitcher Daisuke Yamai. Hanshin Tigers outfielder Matt Murton and Giants third baseman Shuichi Murata were among the other selections.
Yamai is one of 11 CL players who are All-Stars for the first time.
In the PL, Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters two-way star Shohei Otani is an All-Star as a pitcher for the first time after making the team as an outfielder last season.
Orix's Yuki Nishi, Japan's only 10-game winner so far this season, was the top vote-getter among PL pitchers. Their teammate Chihiro Kaneko, who leads Japan with a 1.76 ERA, made the team (as the players' selection) for the second time, while Rakuten pitcher Takahiro Norimoto was a manager's pick and is an All-Star for the first time.
The PL outfield will be a Fighters reunion of sorts, with the Buffaloes' Yoshio Itoi joining their former Nippon Ham teammates Sho Nakata and Daikan Yoh as the fan selections. Softbank duo Yuya Hasegawa and Yuki Yanigita, a first time All-Star, are also in the outfield.
The Eagles' Motohiro Shima got the nod at catcher from the fans, who also chose the Seibu Lions' Takeya Nakamura and Hideto Asamura at first and second base respectively, the Hawks' Nobuhiro Matsuda and Kenta Imamiya at third base and shortstop, and Orix's Wily Mo Pena as the designated hitter.
Seven members of the PL team are first-time selections.
Dozens of anonymous paper notes fluttered from the wires of the suicide prevention barriers along Edmonton's High Level Bridge Thursday.
"As long as I live, you will be loved," reads one.
"Keep smiling," reads another, in what appears to be a child's handwriting.
Carla Alexander walked past the notes with their one-year-old daughter. Alexander lost a friend to suicide when they jumped from the bridge a few years ago.
"He'll be missed," Alexander said.
"He struggled for a long time with depression and they decided that they were maybe just going to take a little vacation."
Carla Alexander lost a friend to suicide after they jumped from the High Level Bridge in Edmonton. (Zoe Todd/CBC)
Four wooden boxes, one at each pedestrian entrance to the bridge, hold blank note paper, small pens and string. Instructions inside the lids ask people to leave "lifelines for people contemplating suicide."
Alexander said they appreciate and respects the project, which is also on Facebook and other social media sites as "Highlevel lifelines."
"When things are at their darkest, those little notes or those little sayings on the pavement, they make a difference," they said.
Them late friend's spouse still walks the bridge often, Alexander added.
"I hope that they feel the same way," they said.
'Messages of compassion, healing and hope'
The person behind the project declined to give their name. In a message from the project's Facebook page, they wrote a group of their friends helped put up the first notes Tuesday night.
"This isn't connected to an organization in any way, it's just me as someone who lives in Edmonton and grew up here," they wrote.
It's so important to create spaces where people aren't alone. - Highlevel lifelines project organizer
Three years ago, on May 2, the group lost a friend to suicide on the bridge, they said.
They designed a tribute that wouldn't damage the bridge or disrupt traffic. The boxes are attached with magnets and the yarn is made of cotton or wool so birds can use any loose pieces for nests.
"The intention wasn't to vandalize or damage public property," the project organizer wrote.
"It's so important to create spaces where people aren't alone," they added.
Messages inside the four wooden boxes left on Edmonton's High Level Bridge encourage people to leave notes of 'compassion, healing and hope.' (Zoe Todd/CBC)
"The aim of this project is simple," reads a message in each box.
"Lifelines are for people contemplating suicide, for those left behind in the wake of suicide and for us all in this city of ours to have open conversations about something that is so often hidden."
The appearance of the notes coincides with the Canadian Mental Health Association's annual awareness week. This year's theme is "Get Loud," encouraging Canadians to talk about mental health.
'We can all cross this bridge together'
Edmonton city council approved suicide barriers for the High Level Bridge in 2014 after hearing personal stories from people who have lost loved ones to suicide or considered taking their own lives.
Fourteen suicides occurred on or near the bridge that year, according to the city's medical examiner.
In 2015, the city installed the $3-million safety barriers made of stainless-steel mesh and high-tension wires.
Naomi Cooper cycles across the bridge daily on their way to work. They first noticed the messages tied to the barriers early Thursday morning.
"It's nice to bring a little bit more love to it instead of the institutional wire and metal that we currently have," they said.
Cooper said the physical barriers don't go far enough to help people in distress.
"If somebody has their mind set to not cross the bridge, then they're not going to cross the bridge," they said.
"It's bringing a little bit more use and purpose to the barriers that are currently in place."
Cooper left their own message on the bridge and said they hope other Edmontonians will add their support.
"We can all cross this bridge together."
There's been a very concentrated effort by the Left to re-write our history, especially those parts that don't fit the current narrative or just aren't “convenient” enough for the PC crowd.
Before going into specific examples, it's important to understand that such efforts are not new, especially with authoritarian, totalitarian forms of political movements and governments.
History offers a lot of examples. The desire to erase the bad stuff from your country's history goes all the way back to ancient Egypt. More than one Pharaoh who fell out of favor with the people had their statues and other likenesses defaced. Rather than admit they had a bad ruler, the people tried to completely erase the historical record. It might have worked for a bit during that time period, but thanks to dedicated archeologists throughout the years, the memory of bad rulers eventually will surface.
The French Revolution of the early 1800's was no exception. When even the leaders of the revolution fell out of favor, they too were erased. Only during that time, the erasure was done with the guillotine.
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED Their Attack' Is HILARIOUS
Moving into the 20th century, Stalinist Russia is perhaps the best example of the rewriting of history. Anyone who has even done a cursory study of that period has come across the photographic evidence of how Stalin would “erase” the memory of people who fell out of favor. Well before photoshop and digital photography existed, the Soviets were experts at removing the recently purged members of Stalin's inner circle from the existing photo archives. Piss off Uncle Joe, and you were gone…and so were your likenesses in any “official” record.
Now granted, we're not entirely blameless here. There's a lot about our dealing with Native Americans and slaves that sometimes has been swept under the proverbial rug. But we're a far more open society and we've pretty much made the effort to keep our failures public. It's not always been complete, but for a good part of the latter portion of the last century, we were willing to discuss these problems within the historical context of their time.
But, that has changed. And it has changed because the Left is now in almost total control of the media and national education system. Political correctness is now more important than historical correctness. Whatever advances the anti-American narrative of the progressive/Democrat/communist agenda becomes the new “truth”.
This is being accomplished in several different ways. One of the best examples currently is the removal of Confederate statues in New Orleans. Gen. Robert E. Lee's statue in Lee Circle, as well as four other Confederate statues, is being removed. I guess this part of our history is so offensive a simple statue will “trigger” a snowflake into complete meltdown. Historical accuracy and truth be damned…. we just can't have anyone be offended by their own country's history.
A good example of changing the narrative while not necessarily changing history, is the current situation in New York City involving the Puerto Rican Day Parade, scheduled for Sunday, June 11. Oscar Lopez Rivera, a former F.A.L.N. member who was convicted for their role in several bombings by this terrorist group, will be marching in the parade. They were pardoned by Obama after serving 35 years of a 70-year sentence. Needless to say, this has caused an uproar with the NYPD and other groups. But, thanks to Comrade/Mayor DiBlasio, it's cool to have a convicted terrorist help celebrate the Puerto Rican community's civic pride. To do otherwise wouldn't show proper “inclusiveness”, or “diversity”, or whateverness. Forget the fact that Rivera's actions caused people to die. Doesn't matter. Let's re-write the narrative even as we speak.
And this, unfortunately, brings us up to the current situation caused by Islam in Manchester, England. Yet another bombing at the hands of Islam, this time at an Ariana Grande concert, that took the lives of 22 people (the youngest 8 years old) and injured over 100. Of course, all the anti-American, celebrity scum has temporarily escaped their gated safe spaces to display a public hard-on for Islam. Let's all have open borders and show love for every immigrant, even as that “immigrant” is trying to cut your head off. Let's completely ignore the 1400-year long blood lust that is Islam.
I'm personally sickened to even hear about Islam, especially here in the U. S. It has no place in western civilization.
It's a lie that it's a religion “of peace”.
It's a lie to destroy or cover up parts of our own history that might not be too pleasant.
It's a lie to believe that our government is the solution to our problems.
And it's a lie for Christians to buy into the notion that we have to be “sheep to the slaughter” and not fight back.
It's a lie to hide the truth, no matter how unpleasant.
Christ Himself dealt with this in Matthew 16:21-23. To paraphrase this portion of scripture, what He's talking about here is this: In this passage Christ was starting to prepare their disciples for the coming events of their crucifixion. They had told them they had to go up to Jerusalem, there to suffer, be killed and then rise on the third day. Peter, however, freaked out and actually rebuked the Lord and told Him that it would not be, it couldn't happen.
Christ's response? “Get behind me Satan; thou art an offense unto me…”
Notice here that Christ didn't address Peter but Satan. Why? Because the truth of what Christ had to do, as unpleasant as it appeared, was part of “the things of God.” Satan didn't want the truth told, being the father of lies.
Ignoring the truth is to lie. No matter how unpleasant, or unfortunate, or politically incorrect.
It is completely of the Devil and un-Christian to ignore the truth. And it can get you killed.
photo credit: shanelcuthbert Austria – Pinnochio Store via photopin (license)
.- Venezuela's government is suffering from a “chronic” hearing disorder in face of the suffering of the people, charged Archbishop Diego Padrón Sánchez of Cumaná, president of the Venezuelan bishops' conference.
They emphasized the peaceful and democratic character of the “Taking of Caracas” demonstration in the Venezuelan capital, which brought together as many as 1 million citizens who support a referendum to recall President Nicolás Maduro.
Allí está la fuerza del cambio!Allí está un Pueblo que tiene claro su camino:REVOCATORIO!Viva Venezuela! pic.twitter.com/HIG9iVCHPE — Henrique Capriles R. (@hcapriles) September 1, 2016
From the early hours of Sept. 1, opponents and sympathizers of Maduro's government took to the streets. However, the government's critics vastly outnumbered government supporters, according to organizers.
Archbishop Padrón said, “what the people have done, both the opposition and government supporters, was a free, democratic, constitutional and peaceful expression of the awareness of their civil rights.”
“We have been praying for a long time in the various parishes with days of prayer and fasting so that the conduct of the Sept. 1 demonstrations and the development of the activities in support of Venezuelan democracy would take place in the greatest climate of respect and peacefulness,” they said in a statement from the bishops' conference press office.
The archbishop charged that the government “carried out violence with the various persecutions conducted against different opposition leaders.”
“The government's hearing disorder has become chronic in the face of the people's suffering, shortages, food shortages, the high cost of living and lack of public safety,” they complained.
Archbishop Padrón also criticized the government for restricting transit throughout the country in an attempt to prevent the success of the “Taking of Caracas” protests.
“The government has made a serious mistake in opposing the will of the people. The voice of the people is the voice of God,” the Venezuelan archbishop said.
The archbishop said that although they have “a lot of respect for the march or demonstration by the government,” objectively there is no comparison with that of the opponents, since “any citizen can notice the enormous difference in the turnout, the opposition majority versus the low participation by government supporters.”
“There is a clear message to the government, and so the recall referendum by the Venezuelan people is already underway,” they said.
TSM mid laner Søren “Bjergsen” Bjerg after their Week 9 victory over Phoenix1 (Jeremy Wackman)
After Counter Logic Gaming's unexpected second-place finish at the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational, North American League of Legends fans' belief in the improbable has risen. Whichever of these six teams travel to Brazil under the NA banner, they will have the support of a self-deprecating region that always holds a small glimmer of hope in their hearts, however dire the situation may look.
This spring has been one of parity and uncertainty, where any team could take a series off another and it wouldn't be shocking. With the way that NA has chugged along this season, any of these teams could wind up representing the region at the 2017 Mid-Season Invitational. Consider this a ranking of how likely it will be to see them there, presented in reverse order.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Team Dignitas top laner Kim “Ssumday” Chan-ho (Jeremy Wackman)
Sixth: Team Dignitas
In Week 1 of the 2017 NA LCS Spring, Dignitas looked well on their way to becoming a top-tier team. Their series against Cloud9, closing out the first week of competitive play this year, was the strongest of that week. Kim “Ssumday” Chan-ho impressed on one of their favorites, Maokai, and seemed poised to lead Dignitas with their strong initiation sense and teamfight targeting.
Unfortunately, it was not meant to be.
Dignitas' opponents began to target Ssumday heavily both in draft and in lane. Neither mid laner Jang “Keane” Lae-young nor AD carry Benjamin “LOD” deMunck picked up the mantle of primary carry, and Dignitas faltered when Ssumday was unable to carry them.
Jungler Lee “Chaser” Sang-hyun has returned to their “Jin Air Chaser” form, meaning that they take early-game risks to get their team or themselves ahead, but falters in the mid game. Likely, a lot of this can be attributed to a lack of communication and the general, well-worn struggle of hybrid rosters.
Story continues
However, some of this is simply Chaser himself. They still don't always grasp where applying their pressure would do the most good, and seemingly doesn't communicate with their team to set up cross-map plays. Their risks also don't always pay off. Sometimes they simply give advantages to Dignitas' opponents, further hindering their progress come mid-game.
Dignitas will face Phoenix1 first, a team that, prior to swapping around their supports, looked like the best team in NA at times.Ssumday will face off once more against their former KT Rolster teammate Noh “Arrow” Dong-hyeon, one of the best players in the region. Although P1 seem to be having troubles of their own, Dignitas still doesn't look organized enough to overtake them.
FlyQuest's mid laner and team captain Hai “Hai” Du Lam (Jeremy Wackman)
Fifth: FlyQuest
Relying on the core of former Cloud9 stalwarts An “Balls” Le, Hai “Hai” Du Lam, and Daerek “LemonNation” Hart along with former Gravity Gaming, NRG eSports, and C9 Challenger AD carry Johnny “Altec” Ru, FlyQuest's roster was near-universally panned when it was announced. The prevailing sentiment was that, considering the money and backing of their new Milwaukee Bucks ownership, they could have inquired after better talent.
Instead, this was the FlyQuest roster, with jungler Galen “Moon” Holgate added in the eleventh hour to complete the starting five.
As if to prove their doubters wrong, FlyQuest started off 6-2 in the first four weeks of the split. However, the back half of the split told a different story. FlyQuest could rely on their strong communication and Hai's direction to take them through the first half of the season — while other rosters were still sorting out their roles and comm systems — but teams inevitably caught up and surpassed them. In the final five weeks of the split, FlyQuest went 3-7 in series with a 30 percent overall win rate.
FlyQuest love to cheese their opponents. Support Maokai and Blitzcrank, bot lane Mordekaiser, mid lane Jarvan IV, and jungle Evelynn (a comfort pick for Moon) are a few of the unconventional champion choices that FlyQuest have trotted onto the Rift this split.
Cheesing isn't a bad thing, and it's something that can keep opponents at bay for a time. The difficulty of preparing for FlyQuest is something that upcoming quarterfinals adversary Zaqueri “Aphromoo” Black has lamented on several occasions.
However, the problem with this strategy is that a team has to have multiple cheese compositions or flex around their own unorthodox picks. FlyQuest has yet to showcase the flexibility required to win series on a consistent basis in best-of-threes. In a best-of-five, there's more time for their opponent to adjust and overcome. Coupled with this is the fact that FlyQuest have been inattentive to their side lanes at times, and have been unable to make anything out of split pressure without sending Hai to a side lane rather than Balls.
FlyQuest aren't a bad team, but they've likely gone as far as they can go. Even if they manage to overcome CLG this weekend, TSM will prove a much tougher adversary, one that they weren't able to beat in the regular season.
The CLG bot lane duo of Zaqueri “Aphromoo” Black and Trevor “Stixxay” Hayes high five fans after a win. (Jeremy Wackman)
Fourth: Counter Logic Gaming
CLG took the opposite path of their quarterfinals opponent, FlyQuest. Having retained their entire 2016 roster, CLG was expected to have a similarly strong start and fade towards the end of the split.
Instead, they did the reverse.
The new meta did not suit CLG. Trevor “Stixxay” Hayes' impact was muted on champions like Ashe and Varus while initiation duties were removed from Aphromoo and placed in the hands of top laner Darshan “Darshan” Upadhyaha. CLG were disjointed, awkward, and always bloody. Although they ended 2017 NA LCS Spring with the highest combined kills per minute of any team (0.83), they also regularly fell behind early with an average of a 674 gold deficit to their opponents at 15 minutes. They were one of the worst teams in the league to take down the first three outer turrets and had the worst (a meager 48.1 percent) jungle control of any team in the league.
Halfway through the split, the meta shifted enough for CLG to return to their preferred roles. The team has looked much better because of this; however, they still struggle with leveraging split pressure provided by Darshan without losing elsewhere on the map and also make risky calls in the mid to late game that cost them any early advantages.
Funneling gold into Stixxay, especially on the likes of Lucian and Caitlyn, is always a safe backup for CLG. Stixxay receives the most of their team's farm past 15 minutes of any AD carry in NA at 29.3 percent, nearly a third of their team's available CS. CLG also have the benefit of playoff experience and strong communication. It wouldn't be shocking to see CLG represent NA at MSI again, but it's unlikely. There's a higher chance that they'll beat FlyQuest before falling to TSM in the semifinals.
P1 mid laner Yoo “Ryu” Sang-ook (Jeremy Wackman)
Third: Phoenix1
A few weeks ago, Phoenix1 were in contention with Team SoloMid for the best team in North America.
Since then, they've experimented with their bottom lane — swapping William “Stunt” Chen for Jordan “Shady” Robison — while continuing to swap between William “Meteos” Hartman and Rami “Inori” Charagh in the jungle.
Now, many wonders if they'll be able to knock off Dignitas in the quarterfinals.
P1 have swapped between their two junglers all split, first due to Inori flying home for a week (necessitating an emergency substitute in Meteos), then based on performance. Inori is a risk-taker, and when these risks don't pay off, they fall further behind as they try to right them by taking more risks. Meteos is a far more stable option and opens up carry opportunities for mid laner Yoo “Ryu” Sang-ook in mid, but lacks the same highs that Inori can have on damage carry junglers like Rengar and Kha'Zix.
Above all, P1 have been flexible. Top laner Derek “zig” Shao can pivot between carries and tanks with ease depending on what the team needs from him. Ryu's experience makes them similarly flexible and they had some impressive Talon and Ahri games in the back half of the split. AD carry Noh “Arrow” Dong-hyeon has been the standout talent of the region, dazzling in skirmishes and teamfights, visibly carrying the team to victory at times. Their assembly of players allows P1 to execute a variety of compositions, choosing different lanes to carry each time. Ryu, Arrow, and Meteos all have significant competitive experience and are likely behind P1's strong understanding of objective trading and cross-map movement.
Prior to their final week, P1 were the smartest NA team about where and when to apply pressure. Now, late-season roster moves and their winless Week 9 performance have cast significant doubt on P1's chances. P1 could make it to the finals, or even take it all, but recent troubles against both TSM and C9 make that scenario less likely.
C9's Andy “Smoothie” Ta has been a large part of their team's success this split (Jeremy Wackman)
Second: Cloud9
Alongside Team SoloMid, Cloud9 are a staple of the NA LCS semifinals and finals. The only move that C9 made in the offseason was promoting Juan “Contractz” Arturo Garcia from their challenger side (now FlyQuest) to the starting jungle spot on their LCS team.
It was a good move. Contractz is a talented and aggressive jungler who shone in the first few weeks of the split. Nicolaj “Jensen” Jensen continues to be a top mid in the region. AD carry Zachary “Sneaky” Scuderi is as steady as ever. C9 has swapped between top laners Jung “Impact” Eon-yeong and Jeon “Ray” Ji-won, and Ray's coordination with the team has improved although Impact is still the stronger option.
Despite Contractz's talent, he's still a rookie and therefore makes a lot of mistakes. Some of these could be covered up with better mid and jungle synergy, something that Jensen and Contractz have struggled with throughout the split. Jensen is one of the strongest laners in NA, but they sometimes tunnel on the lane itself rather than coordinating pushes and vision with Contractz. On C9C, Contractz and Hai were a formidable duo of dive buddies, willing to make risky plays that usually paid off due to their synergy. Jensen is a steadier and more focused laner, which doesn't always suit Contractz's reckless nature.
This is why C9's early game can sometimes look so disjointed, especially since both Contractz and Jensen have settled into farming patterns, leaving the team open to more proactive movements from their opponents. C9 usually make this up in their mid to late game movements, when they can fight their adversaries with Jensen's farm and experience advantages.
Andy “Smoothie” Ta has actually been the breakout star of C9 this split. Although Jensen, Contractz, Sneaky, and Impact own the highlights, Smoothie's smart engage sense makes C9 teamfights happen and their follow-up CC ensures that C9 wins.
If P1 hadn't crashed in the final week of the regular season split, they may have taken over the second-place spot in this power ranking. C9 have many visible issues that can only be fixed with time. The question is whether two weeks preparation is enough.
TSM mid laner Søren “Bjergsen” Bjerg on the LCS stage. (Jeremy Wackman)
First: Team SoloMid
Team SoloMid remain the favorite to move on to the 2017 NA LCS Spring Finals and represent the region at MSI.
Although TSM were heavily criticized for picking up former AD carry Jason “Wildturtle” Tran to take the place of Yiliang “Doublelift” Peng, there was little doubt that they would make playoffs, or even take a top-two spot in the regular season. The primary criticism of the Wildturtle choice was laziness, not a lowered expectation of their success.
TSM's weakest to link this split has not been Wildturtle as some may have anticipated, but Dennis “Svenskeren” Johnsen, whose uncreative pathing has made them an easy target for some of NA's more aggressive junglers. Søren “Bjergsen” Bjerg has mitigated some of the damage, but has also seemingly felt the strain of holding the mid lane in the few situations where TSM find themselves behind early.
This is where Kevin “Hauntzer” Yarnell comes in.
The 2017 NA LCS Spring Split has also been the split of Hauntzer, an overall MVP candidate for the season. Hauntzer has improved their 1v1 laning significantly — not being set behind due to botched laneswaps helps — and has often turned 1v2 dives from TSM's opponents into favorable kill leads for himself. Finally, TSM seem to be happy diverting resources to the top lane. At 22.7 percent(tied for second with Wildturtle), Hauntzer received a larger percentage of TSM's gold this split than any TSM top in 2015-16. Svenskeren has also played more towards the top side than TSM's junglers have in previous seasons, allowing Hauntzer additional advantages and openings for TSM to completely take over the top side jungle.
As the season has worn on, TSM have improved by the week. This is bad news for teams looking to take them down, especially their future semifinals opponent CLG or FlyQuest. It's not impossible for C9, P1, or even CLG or FlyQuest to beat TSM, it's just improbable.
Emily Rand's love of the 2013 KT Rolster Bullets will never die. Talk to them about League and more on Twitter @leagueofemily
article
On a day when President Donald Trump tweeted a video of them body-slamming a man with the CNN logo superimposed on their head, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban has one message for the news media: ignore the sideshow.
Continue Reading Below
In an exclusive interview with FOX Business, Cuban claims media outlets are allowing Trump's tweets to distract them from reporting on the issues that are impacting working-class families.
"They need to start ignoring this sideshow and look for answers to more important questions," Cuban told FOX Business.
The questions that remain unanswered by the press, according to Cuban, are: "What has changed for you since the election? Have you gotten a raise? A better job? Has your cost for health care gone down?"
Indeed, Trump's tweets have dominated the news, particularly since their Thursday attack against MSNBC's anchors Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, when they claimed they were "bleeding badly from a face-lift" while visiting Mar-a-Lago, their Florida estate and club. The couple also alleged Trump was threatening them with a National Enquirer story about their relationship.
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
Advertisement
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. They were bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
Statistics from the Media Research Center, a conservative research website, backed up Cuban's argument. According to their survey, the nightly news shows on ABC, NBC and CBS dedicated 28 times the coverage to the drama between Trump and the "Morning Joe" anchors than they did to the passing of "Kate's Law" in the House of Representatives.
The law, which passed with a vote of 257 to 157, would increase the penalties on deported, undocumented immigrants who attempt to reenter the United States illegally.
Additionally, Cuban told FOX Business they believe the overwhelming majority of people in the U.S. don't care about the president's rift with the media.
"Ninety-five percent of America cares as much about the battle between Trump and the media as they do cricket scores," the NBA owner said.
However, a recent Fox News poll suggests otherwise, with 71 percent of participants saying the president's tweets are hurting their agenda. The poll was taken before Thursday's Twitter storm against Scarborough and Brzezinski, and Sunday's attack on CNN.
Still, Cuban, a critic of Trump who supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign, doesn't think the media does enough to understand how the president is trying to "deflect" attention from their legislative agenda.
"The media needs to learn that Trump is like any CEO—he will deflect and misdirect. It's time to start talking to the people who go to work every day and find out what is going on in their lives," Cuban said.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer did not respond to requests for comment. CNN issued a statement condemning Trump's latest tweet.
(Newser) – A man investigating working conditions at a Chinese company that produces Ivanka Trump-brand shoes has been arrested and two others are missing, the arrested man's wife and an advocacy group said Tuesday. Hua Haifeng was accused of illegal surveillance, according to their wife, Deng Guilian. Deng said police told them they didn't need to know the details, only that they would not be able to see, speak with, or receive money from their husband. China Labor Watch Executive Director Li Qiang said they lost contact with Hua Haifeng and the other two men, Li Zhao and Su Heng, over the weekend. "They must be held either by the factory or the police to be unreachable," they told the AP.
China Labor Watch, a New York-based nonprofit, was planning to publish a report next month alleging low pay, excessive overtime, and the possible misuse of student interns. It is unclear whether the undercover investigative methods used by the advocacy group are legal in China. Li said their work has never before attracted this level of scrutiny from China's state security apparatus. One difference is the target of China Labor Watch's investigation: a brand owned by the daughter of the US president. A representative of the brand said it requires licensees and their manufacturers to "comply with all applicable laws and to maintain acceptable working conditions." A spokesperson for Huajian Group said the company makes 10,000 to 20,000 pairs of shoes a year for Ivanka Trump's brand. (Read more Ivanka Trump stories.)
Editor's note: Last December, a scientific team began the rocky 36-hour boat journey from Puntarenas, Costa Rica, to one of the world's best dive sites: Cocos Island National Park.
In a project developed jointly with the University of Costa Rica, 18 scientists specializing in diverse fields of marine biology made the trip as part of an ongoing effort to evaluate the health of the underwater ecosystems surrounding the island, a World Heritage Site that Conservation International (CI) has supported for 12 years.
Over the next week and a half, the team would log 310 dives — the equivalent of one diver spending more than 10 straight days underwater. Here are some highlights from the busy expedition.
Research goals
Our main objective was to assess the status of pelagic fish stocks — the species that spend most of their time far from coasts and the seafloor. Monitoring the health of the reefs surrounding the island was also a priority. CI and the University of Costa Rica created a baseline years ago; since then scientists have been assessing changes that have occurred in this natural laboratory and exploring the influence of different factors, such as El Niño, illegal fishing, climate change or the implementation of better protection measures within the park's waters.
But our scientists weren't just comparing the past with the present. They were also implementing new research experiments never before conducted in Cocos Island's waters.
SUPPORT SCIENCE Donate to Conservation International to support crucial research on global ecosystem health. DONATE
‘ARMS,' urchins and algae
The researchers installed autonomous reef monitoring structures (known as ARMS) at different points on the reef to take an inventory of marine life that collects on them over one year. The data will then be compared with other sites around the world. They also collected water samples to analyze their chemical composition. These data will create a baseline against which to compare the acidification of the island's waters in the years to come.
Other researchers conducted the first analysis of sea urchin ecology in the Cocos Island region. The urchins serve important functions within the reef ecosystem, so assessing their populations and determining the extent to which they serve as a food source for other organisms is fundamental for understanding the health of the island's reefs.
Part of the seabed is covered by a thin layer of algae, the composition of which we still do not know. A UCR student on their first visit to Cocos collected samples that will give us a first look at this unique component of a complex ecosystem.
The secret lives of sharks
As Dr. Mario Espinoza of UCR has spent 10 years studying sharks, visiting a place known as the “island of sharks” for the first time was a big moment for them — and an important place to document what predators are doing when divers aren't around.
Espinoza placed five baited underwater camera stations on the seabed at various points around Cocos Island. A sixth hung off the stern of the boat, waiting for predators near the surface.
The operation of these instruments is simple: a net filled with bait is attached to the end of a PVC arm. A camera then documents which species are attracted to it and how they interact with it. Espinoza learned this technique working on Australia's Great Barrier Reef, where these data helped create a picture of predator numbers there over a 10-year period.
On the first day of our expedition, the pelagic trap (the one floating behind the ship) returned to the ship very damaged. The next day, three of the depth traps returned without bait … and missing an arm. The crew and the scientists gathered on the boat to watch the videos. We saw snappers, whitetip, silvertip and blacktip sharks, Galápagos sharks, trigger fish, even rays investigating the net. But we were thrilled when the “star” of the show made an appearance: a huge tiger shark. Now the damage to the traps made more sense. Still, Espinoza was surprised. In all their years working with sharks, this was the first time that their research instruments have suffered damage like this.
Espinoza is not only interested in identifying the species that appear in the videos, but also the interaction they have with the bait and the effect that some species may have on other animals. In the case of the tiger shark, the hierarchy is clear: as soon as they approach the bait, the prize belongs to him. No other fish was visible when the tiger furiously attacked the trap. Back on land, special software will use this video to provide more data on factors including species abundance and interaction.
Not always smooth sailing
About halfway through our expedition, a storm formed on the horizon. This threat forced us to make a decision familiar to all marine scientists: should we leave, or see if the weather clears up? We decided to delay diving until conditions improved, after which we were able to continue with our work. Later in the week, this would not be the case; we were forced to cancel several dives due to poor weather.
Doing science in the ocean is a privilege, and it's not easy. In places where the current is strong, you descend by clinging to a line attached to a buoy. The currents, visibility and other conditions can change multiple times a day, demanding vigilance from even the most experienced diver. Cocos Island is one of the best dive sites in the world, but not all divers are up to the challenge.
The sea will always require a special respect, constant negotiation and perpetual flexibility on the part of those who brave its waves. On this expedition, we were lucky that the weather did not seriously impede our scientific efforts — but as always, the ocean dictated the rules.
Back to the lab
“Each hour of diving produces about seven days of lab work once we get ashore,” CI Marine Safety Officer Edgardo Ochoa estimated. That means the work is just beginning. The experts returned to land with suitcases full of samples waiting to be processed as part of the endless effort to better understand one of the most productive ecosystems on the planet: coral reefs.
Data collected on previous expeditions to Cocos Island and elsewhere in Costa Rica have been used to support numerous policies, including: the creation of two marine protected areas and the expansion of another one; the drafting of a national coral reef protection decree (currently in the final stages of approval); the banning of shrimp trawl fisheries in the country; and presently, the installation of an enforcement radar system in Cocos and a process to evaluate a potential increase in Cocos Island's no-take zones, which would make more of the island's waters off-limits to fishing.
The new data collected on this expedition will not only strengthen the case for increased protections of these waters, it will also expand our knowledge of how to do it.
Mónika Naranjo González is a communications consultant for CI Costa Rica.
Want to read more stories like this? Sign up for email updates. Donate to Conservation International.
Further reading
It's Friday night. The past week of classes has been hell and you're ready for a fun, carefree night out. You grab that brand-new crop top with the lace back from Forever 21, slip on your favorite pair of skinny jeans that make your butt look great, and slide into those classic black pumps. Your friends give you the pep talk, “whew girl, you're lookin' hot,” “the boys gonna be crawlin' when they see you walk in,” etc. You feel confident.
At the party, you have a few drinks and meet a great guy. You dance together, talk, and do the usual flirty, “let's get to know each other” routine. However, the night ends in a dark place when this “nice guy” takes it too far. They try to take you upstairs, and what starts off as foreplay quickly turns aggressive. They end up forcing themselves on you, but you manage to get away before it escalates anymore. You've just been sexually assaulted.
You're hurt and confused. You speak out, but you're shut down with harsh judgments: “Look at what you were wearing,” “Going out in that outfit, you were practically asking for it,” “You were inviting them into make a move,” or “You can't give mixed signals like that.”
All too often is blaming the victim the case. Encouragements at the beginning of the night turn into criticisms of apathy the next morning. The victim takes responsibility for being assaulted, but is confused. They thought they looked great? Isn't that what they wanted? But they didn't think that meant being assaulted.
We say stay in pairs, watch our drinks, don't go with a guy alone anywhere, and of course have that handy rape whistle. However, girls are still getting sexually assaulted and raped. There has to be another reason as to why guys at parties see girls as objects they can manhandle however they want. If guys are looking at us, then the next logical step is to look at the outward appearance of us girls, specifically our clothing.
The media and fashion industry tells girls what they should wear to parties, screaming “LESS IS MORE,” go ahead and wear that cut out dress with mesh and make sure it's just short enough cover your hooh-hah, call yourself a yoga hoe or an office hoe or just plain hoe for a theme party. These are not the labels us girls want the opposite sex to view us as.
It seems for “night out on the town” clothing, fashion has told us it's less and less like actual clothing and more like lingerie, which tells guys that we want to have sex. I mean lingerie is supposed to be used as type of foreplay. Maybe you do want to have sex and that's why you're wearing it, but it should be a choice made between two people, not something forced on you because of a piece of fabric you put on.
If it's our bodies that are the main issue, then why don't we question what we're told to put on them? We're being told that our bodies are to be used to attract men and more importantly, men are being told that women are objects, so won't guy deem it acceptable to treat us as such?
Us girls, especially at this age, look at life with eyes wide open. We want to be loved and accepted. And if someone is telling us wear this, do and say this and you will be noticed and accepted, we're going to do it. If a party is themed and tells you to look like a hoe or slut or whatever other degrading name they want to call you, you're going to do it because it's the theme and if you don't participate, people are going to think you're some type of outcast.
When it comes down to it, it's not our fault. It's not like we wake up thinking I want to dress like a slut or a whore. We don't think “hey I'm going to wear this body-con dress so a guy tries to have sex with me against my will.” We may put on these clothes, but only because we are told that this is fashion, this is what will get us noticed, this is what tells others we are acceptable and trendy. We are told this through media and the fashion industry.
At the end of the day, people have the ultimate choice of what they put on their bodies, and in no way should people who commit these crimes of rape or sexual assault be excused. They should be punished and questioned as to why they think it is acceptable to shrink women down to vessels for their own sexual enjoyment. But maybe a part of the answer to this question is the influence of the media and fashion on all people with their ads exploiting women's bodies and saying, “if a woman is wearing this, they want to have sex with you.” Men with deep issues, the men who attack innocent girls, are taking these messages literally and might be thinking what they are doing is acceptable. It is, however, never acceptable.
This may not be the end all-cure all, as a matter of fact I'm sure it's not. Women get assaulted and raped in broad daylight or just walking home with jeans and t-shirt. But maybe it's a place to start a conversation between young people about sexual assault and rape in the party scene and where it might all stem from. Maybe it comes from the media and fashion industries telling us the way to party is to party with barely anything on. In all seriousness, I have a killer dance party in my kitchen with sweats and an oversized t-shirt on. Why can't that be acceptable at parties?
So next time you're going throw on those cut-off shorts that show the weird bottom butt cleavage and you get the catcalls or pervy looks, think who is telling me what to wear again? Do I want to conform to being valued by the media's body standards or by something deeper?
We are not objects. We are women. We are strong human beings who think for ourselves. We are in control of what we wear even if it means not wearing the super trendy clothes. We just have to remember that we make the choice. The choice to recognize the ridiculousness of fashion trends telling us to exploit our bodies, and say, in the words of Fat Amy, “eh, bettah not.”
Featured image via flickr
Today is our King of Fighters 2002 Unlimited Match Steam Online Release Party! At 2pm central standard time (12pm Pacific, 3pm Eastern) go in the KOF02UM steam group chat!
Can't find the group chat? You can find it in the community hub for the game:
Don't have a copy? Buy it at: http://store.steampowered.com/app/222440
This is the first Journey To Dream Cancel Cup online event!
http://dreamcancel.com/journey-to-dream-cancel-cup/
Here are the rules:
“All players in attendance will play each other in a first to 3 wins set. Everyone will play at the same time. After you have finished playing with one person, move on to the next available player and so on (in the chat say “FREE” when you are available). When you are playing, please try to keep track of your score either through chat reminders or tally marks on pen and paper. Report your final score in the group chat. Each FT3 set win will receive 3 points. All players wins will be tallied, ranked and posted at the end. It is recommended you try to play as many different people as possible, but you are allowed to rematch with previous opponents once. Top 3 scoring players will PlayKOF points and will be added to the ranking board!
If you're playing someone you've never faced before, be sure to run a test match to make sure both of your connections feel playable to each other. If they don't, you can opt out and face another person with a better connection.
While you are playing in the session make sure your connection is free and isn't being used to stream video or upload or download files. Also make sure that your connection isn't being used or shared by anyone else on your network. No wireless connections, please!”
Have fun!
The Liberal government says it won't fight to preserve Conservative government rule changes that made it impossible for some rejected refugee claimants to pursue appeals.
A Federal Court ruled in July that it was unconstitutional for the Conservatives to strip the right of appeal for refugee applicants from a list of countries the government deemed to be "safe."
The former Harper government began a legal appeal of that judgment, but lost power in the October election that vaulted Justin Trudeau's Liberals to power.
Story continues below advertisement
The lingering legal battle was just one of many left over from the Conservative era, when the courts repeatedly found Conservative laws to be in breach of the charter.
Diane Laursen, a spokesperson for Immigration Minister John McCallum, says the government has withdrawn the legal appeal in the refugee case, which was brought by the Canadian Association of Refugee Lawyers on behalf of rejected refugees from Croatia, Hungary and Romania.
The Conservatives brought in a list of Designated Countries of Origin to weed out refugee claimants — countries that were deemed to have proper courts, human rights and rule of law and were thus less likely to produce genuine refugees.
The Liberals have said they will amend the rules.
"Our government has promised to provide citizens of Designated Countries of Origin a right to appeal refugee decisions," Laursen said Monday in an email.
"Withdrawing this (constitutional) appeal is another important step towards fulfilling the government's commitments and reviewing our litigation strategy."
The Canadian Association of Refugee Lawyers had announced the government's decision to drop the legal case on social media earlier in the day, but did not respond to a request for comment.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Federal Court Justice Keith Boswell ruled last July that the "safe" country policy was discriminatory, because it denied an appeal process to refugee claimants from the designated countries that was available to all other refugee applicants.
"It also serves to further marginalize, prejudice and stereotype refugee claimants from DCO countries which are generally considered safe and 'non-refugee producing,"' said the Federal Court judgment.
"Moreover, it perpetuates a stereotype that refugee claimants from DCO countries are somehow queue-jumpers or 'bogus' claimants who only come here to take advantage of Canada's refugee system and its generosity."
Comment Imagination-fostering Lego is 80 years old this month and far from its roots as a creativity-inspiring construction toy for girls and boys.
Way back in 1932, Ole Kirk Kristiansen, a Danish joiner and carpenter, found they aren't making enough money from carpentry anymore and decided to try making and selling wooden toys instead. Although they didn't know it yet, they were on their way to building the Lego company, which would eventually have some of the most recognisable and long-lasting toys in the world: bricks and yellow minifigurines.
The whole story, from setbacks that included two fires, a world war and plain old hard times, is told in a charming video animation (above) released by Lego for the anniversary. If you believe the cartoon, the Kristiansen family kept reinventing Lego until they came up with the iconic bricks that are still around today by watching their own children play with the toys the factory built. And Lego today says that it spends a lot of time finding out exactly what it is that children want so it can give it to them.
According to that research, girls aren't into Lego. Poul Schou, senior vice president of product group 2, told The Register that Lego was for boys, not girls, because although both sexes loved the larger preschool bricks of Duplo once the girls hit five, they weren't interested in construction anymore.
"We have seen that girls seem to be less interested in continuing with our products when they get to four or five years old so we don't really get them into the Lego system," they said.
Here at Vulture Central, that seemed really odd. Not only did everyone in the office, regardless of gender, remember playing with and loving Lego throughout their childhood, for the most part, their kids, both boys and girls, love it as well.
A 1982 Lego magazine ad
Lego was reluctant to explain its research methods to El Reg, but claimed that it knew that girls don't like the Lego sets that are available for over-fives.
"We have a department doing extensive research and consumer surveys. This is conducted on a regular basis globally, so we have a great insight," the firm said. "We do not however disclose detailed information on this."
Schou said that the company got "a lot of feedback from boys and girls". The kids are encouraged to go online to talk about the products they buy and what age they are, and the boxes often include incentives to answer Lego survey questions as well.
Of course if girls aren't buying Lego stuff, they won't be answering any questions, which would be a kind of answer in itself (although whether the answer would be "Girls don't like Lego" or "Girls don't like surveys" would be hard to figure out).
American actor and feminist icon Lena Dunham encouraged citizens of the United Kingdom to vote for far-left Labour candidate Jeremy Corbyn in the upcoming election on Thursday.
“We here in America have watched in horror as our siblings in the U.K. have been attacked these past weeks and our president has been unable to offer so much as a word of condolence, only using this to push forward their racist and xenophobic agenda,” wrote Dunham in a post on Instagram. “We no longer have the option to pretend that what happens in Britain or America is separate. We do not live in fiefdoms. We must all work together to quell the tide of hate and complacency.”
“Which is why, despite my US Passport, I desperately urge my U.K. friends/fans/frenemies to get out and vote for the Labour Party,” they continued. “With Jeremy Corbyn you have a chance at a fair and just leader who will temper the fascism and darkness of our current American moment. Thank you for considering, for getting your butts out there and for knowing- even when you feel abandoned by electoral politics- that your vote is all we have. This Thursday, June 8!”
Dunham's words of encouragement were also attached to a picture of the actor holding a “#VoteLabour” badge.
During the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Dunham was a vocal supporter of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton, and in November, Dunham posted a video celebrating the “extinction of white men.”
The actor has often faced other controversies too, including the time they claimed “I still haven't had an abortion, but I wish I had.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who Dunham endorsed, has often been criticized for their friendliness with and support of terrorists, including the IRA, with whom they attended a solidarity protest, and the Hamas terrorist group, which they have called “serious and hardworking.”
In May, Corbyn attempted to blame terrorist attacks in the U.K. on the country's foreign policy, and in the same month they astonished members of their own party after they revealed that he'd attended a wreath-laying ceremony for a Palestinian terror chief.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
What's up with this mysterious organization, why did they give $25,000 to a VCU art professor, and how's a 16th Century automaton involved?
They don't know who nominated them or who decided they deserved the award. Elizabeth King only knows they now have $25,000 as one of this year's Anonymous Was A Woman grant recipients.
“Money being given anonymously is really rare,” said King, professor of Sculpture at VCU, about the world of art-related grants. “It's really interesting, the whole concept of the award.”
Started in 1996, Anonymous Was A Woman (AWAW)1 each year provides 10 female artists over the age of 40 with a “no strings” $25,000 grant to “continue to grow and pursue their work”, says the AWAW website.
“The award was started…by a group of unnamed people who responded at that time to the cutting off of awards to individual artists by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA),” King explained. “I remember that moment. I remember feeling badly, because an individual artist grant from the NEA was one of a few grants artists could apply for at large. And it was really crushing to a lot of people to look at that disappear.”
Over 190 women to date have received the enigmatic award. Each year, unidentified art historians, curators, writers, and previous award winners nominate candidates for grants. “I learned in March [2014] that I had been nominated to apply for the award,” King said. “And I don't know how many people are nominated. I don't know who nominated me.” Nominees then submit a portfolio along with written responses to five questions. “The application was one of the toughest applications I've ever made,” King said. “I really had a lot of insights into my own process just from having to put it into intelligent and very brief language.”
An unknown jury later winnows candidates to 10. King received notice that she'd earned the grant in mid-June, describing it as “terrifying and magical.”
“It's terrifying because I hope I can deliver on the promise of this award and the confidence in my work people must have had to include me,” they said. “It's also terrifying to be in the company” of past winners “because I'm not used to considering myself in the company of some of the fine, just superb women who have gotten this award.”
“And it's magical because it comes to me at such a needed moment,” they said. “It almost feels like its bestowed by a genie.”
She'll use the grant money to take an unpaid semester off to complete a solo show of their work spanning 30 years at Danese/Corey Gallery in New York.
King is a long-form sculptor. “I'm more like a novelist than a short story writer,” they said. “What I undertake requires more time than is typical for the production of a single work of art. It might take me several years to finish a major sculpture.”
Much of that work involves jointed sculptures and subsequent video animations of them.
Here's an excerpt from their piece What Happened:
Although sculpture, historically, depicts the human body in fixed position, “it isn't enough to produce a representation of the body that doesn't move,” King said. Movement and stasis create interesting, sometimes competing modes. “The more jointed the piece, the more mechanical and robotic the piece was. The less jointed it was, the more poetic the sculpture could be.”
King sees that artistic conflict as representing how people look at themselves. “We can't seem to see ourselves as both a thing and a being,” they said. “Blood and guts one minute; dreams and memories the next. We often have trouble seeing all that at once.”
King will also use their semester off from school to complete a book on a 16th Century automaton.
The automaton is a “possible portrait of an event that happened in 1562 that later led to the sainting of a Spanish Franciscan monk who was attributed to the miraculous cure of the heir prince,” King explained.
King Philip II was one of the most powerful people in the world in 1562. But they were powerless when their 17-year-old son and heir, Don Carlos, fell down a staircase and sustained a massive head injury. Their head swelled and they soon went blind, slipped into a coma, and lay on their death bed.
As legend goes, Philip II asked God to miraculously heal their son. In exchange, Philip II would perform a miracle for God.
Some accounts say that local Franciscan monks unearthed the corpse of Diego of Alcala,2 who died 100 years prior, and placed it in bed with Don Carlos. The prince awakened from their coma the following morning.
Honoring their agreement, Philip II asked a clockmaker to build a mechanical sculpture of Diego to honor God healing their son. That 11” automaton made of wood and iron still works today despite being roughly 450 years old.3
“My part of the book is the search of the credibility of the story,” King said about the monograph she's writing about the automaton with Smithsonian Conservator of Timekeeping, David Todd.4
The AWAW grant will afford King the time and money they need to complete both the book and their gallery show encompassing 30 years of work. She'd thank the people who've given them this opportunity…if they only knew who they were.
feature photo by Terry Brown
Thanks to robvv in our forum for pointing this out, ' Rogue Stormers ' an action packed platformer with heavy action and RPG elements is now on Linux.I should note, that this is the same developer who promised Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams for Linux over and over after being in a full Humble Indie Bundle. Years later they still haven't delivered. It's good to see them actually do a Linux version of one of their games.Note: According to the report from robvv , it doesn't launch yet.You can find Rogue Stormers on Steam right now.Rogue Stormers combines classic run ‘n' gun gameplay with a modern art style, twin stick shooter configuration and all the good things rogue like has to offer. Did we mention that you can have up to three friends join you on your rampage in either online or couch co-op mode?Your goal is to fight and beat the ultimate evil threatening Ravensdale - but in order to beat him, you need to fight your way through 7 increasingly challenging levels. If you die, you'll be back at square one. Earned perks are yours to keep, allowing your character to grow stronger with each new raid.
Exactly one year ago, Zayn Malik quit One Direction. Since then, he's split up with their pop star fiancée, hooked up with Frank Ocean's producer and made a solo album. Gavin Haynes pulls up a stool at the pub in their back garden to hear the full story.
“Did you get the smoke on that?”
Zayn Malik is giving direction to their personal videographer, trying to make sure that the world sees their latest joint from its best angle. Throughout the four hours NME spends at Zayn's cover shoot, they smoke at least four of these impeccably rolled little mind-bombs, which means plenty of trips to and from the window. Their walk is a kind of primal strut where the head leads and the shoulders come forward one at a time to hang out with the very cool head. You might walk like that too if you had £23m in the bank, a supermodel girlfriend and a record-breaking US and UK solo hit by the age of 23.
That girlfriend, Gigi Hadid, is also here, sat alongside Zayn's mainly American entourage, being fairly quiet and fiddling with their iPhone. They bob over to them and lavishes some of that smouldering attention. They seem very much in lust.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Gigi starred in their ‘Pillowtalk' video – the lusty, slow-burning comeback single that last month became only the 25th song in history to debut at Number One in the US. “It was something I felt was in me for a long time,” Zayn will later tell us of the song. “It was exactly what I wanted to say.”
In many ways, Zayn's is a story we've all seen before: increasing ennui at being a children's entertainer; the uncomfortable growth of appetites – musical, sexual or pharmaceutical – beyond those suitable for 14-year-olds. So it wasn't all that surprising when, not long after he'd been pictured with a girl who wasn't their fiancée (Perrie Edwards of Little Mix) on a Thai beachfront, Zayn woke up knowing in their bones that he'd had enough of being in One Direction. And that was it. “I called my security and I was like: I need to sort out a plane, I want to go home. I don't know how I knew, but I just did. So I chatted with my cousin. Listened to a few songs. Just… waited for my plane to come.”
The shoot starts late and overruns to the point where we're asked if we want to do the interview back at their “pub”. And by 8pm, we're in a cab heading to London's leafier edges, deep in the stockbroker belt.
Zayn Malik's house is a big white cube with round windows and glass balconies, the sort of thing footballers would buy if they were too edgy for the faux-Georgian stuff. And there, across about a hundred square metres of lawn, connected to the main house by a rope bridge, is Zayn's pub.
“It's in tribute to me grandad,” the lord of the manor explains of their booze-shed. “I bought the bits from Homebase. I put it all together. I decided to turn it into a pub. I like f***ing around with the nail gun…”
Zayn's got whisky in their tumbler and an emergency joint behind their ear. There are a couple of taps, a collection of spooky skulls, some fake cobwebs probably left over from Halloween and a novelty beer helmet with funnels on it. There's a One Direction platinum disc on the far wall and, above the door, a small plaque giving the names of Zayn's maternal grandparents and the pub they ran, The Bradford Arms.
It feels like an oasis for a lost boy who can't go down the real pub, but Zayn says they do sometimes get out into Realityland. “When I go back to Bradford,” they say, “I just put me dad's coat on and walk about. People don't expect it to be me.”
Their latest video, for forthcoming single ‘Befour', was shot in Manchester's grimy Miles Platting district just a few days ago. It dramatises all the stuff of Northern working class teenage life: Ford Fiestas, crappy takeaways and endless ladding about. Zayn loves what they call “lad sh*t” (in addition to their crossbow, they have a couple of scrambler bikes, a go-kart and a samurai sword they describe as their “pride and joy”).
“It wasn't like: ‘I'm still Jenny from the block',” they say of the vid. “It was more like: this is what I used to do. Go down the chip shop, hang out with my boys in the car park. We never set fire to cars, but…”
Were you a good kid or a bad kid?
“I seemed to find myself in situations that weren't necessarily the best situations. Getting wound up by stuff people said…”
You were sensitive?
“I wasn't sensitive… I hate to get into it because it's not something that affects my brain any more. There was a kind of racial confusion with me. They didn't really know where to put me. I confused arrogance with ignorance. Certain people don't want to know certain things and I had to realise I couldn't teach them.”
Zayn's mum Trisha, a dinner lady, converted to Islam when they married their dad. They were the one who'd make sure they went to mosque. They were also the one who forced them to get out of bed when they wanted to flake out on their X Factor audition.
But it was Zayn's Pakistani father who first got them into music. Yaser Malik liked '90s rap – Biggie and Tupac – and classic reggae: Gregory Isaacs, Bob Marley and Yellowman. Through these, Zayn migrated to Donell Jones, R. Kelly, Prince and local Bradford rappers. “I'll still talk about songs with people – like, ‘Haven't you heard this song?!' – and I'll pull it up on YouTube and it'll only have 6,000 views 'cause it's only known in the local area.”
The family struggled to meet the rent each month, and the first thing Zayn did when the money rolled in was bought them a house. They went to the infamous Tong School (“Unsatisfactory” – Ofsted) and in some ways you can see that in them – he's a guy who struggles to find the words to say what he's got to say. But they retain an artistic temperament, which would've made them stick out. All their many tattoos are self-designed and they regularly retweet fan art. At one point, they had a graffiti room in their house.
They say they always knew he'd end up as a solo artist – they auditioned as one, after all – and that being in the studio is what they live for (“I love to f**k around with things that no one would ever get to hear”). They wrote all the lyrics for debut solo album ‘Mind Of Mine' himself.
“It's really reflective of the whole experience that I want to give the listener,” they say of their album's title. “I wanted it to be almost like a brainstorm. It's just music and it's just whatever you're feeling at that moment in time.”
One thing he's been feeling is ‘Drunk', a track their entourage kept bigging up to me. I mention it, and Zayn reaches for their laptop. “You want to hear it?” Soon enough, an R&B torch song somewhere between Mario's ‘Let Me Love You' and R. Kelly's ‘Ignition (Remix)' blares out: “Late nights/Red eyes… We've been drunk all summer”. It's the sort of humid romance you can imagine becoming a staple audition track for a new generation of X Factor hopefuls.
When Zayn went through a very public bust-up with their original post-1D producer Naughty Boy, it felt like maybe their exit strategy would combust amid their own flailing ego – especially after they called the producer a “fat joke” on Twitter. But not long after, they started working with James “Malay” Ho, Frank Ocean's studio guy, whom they can't praise highly enough.
“With Naughty Boy, look, we just didn't get on. And we'll leave it at that. Malay is all about the music. They can tell you what the screw is in a microphone that gives it that tinny sound. He's that kind of guy. And he's a very interesting person. I find people interesting if they can break things down.”
Certainly, Malay has bent Zayn's ear to the right credible influences. ‘Wrong', for example, sees them duetting with Kehlani, the latest pretender to the nu-Aaliyah throne. In fact, Malay has ransacked all the chilly on-trend 2015 “PBR&B” – the synth-heavy, atmospheric stuff typified by The-Dream, The Weeknd and Miguel.
Elsewhere on ‘Mind Of Mine', Zayn takes some detours. I ask about ‘Fool For You', an unexpectedly Beatles-esque pop ballad in the style of ‘In My Life'. “I was listening to a lot of John Lennon the week I got that loop,” Zayn admits. “And there was this one song I got addicted to, with Indian music at the front of it, sitar, and then it becomes, like, another song…” It turns out they means ‘Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds'.
The doobie comes out from behind the ear and they spark it up. “I've probably been smoking for a while,” they grin. “I don't wanna say when I started because I don't want to influence anyone else. That's just something I do myself.”
Is it something you bring into the studio?
“It helps sometimes with the creative process, if you're smoking a good weed.”
And anything stronger? Is this going to be your “My Drugs Hell” summer?
Their face flickers: “Don't panic, it's organic.” It's the sort of non-answer Zayn's good at. When we ask about anything political, they clam up. When we ask about what the future holds for their 1D pals, they give it a swerve. In all of those years of being media-trained to within an inch of their life, Zayn learnt the aikido of the interview.
“I'm still probably the closest to Liam [Payne],” they say of their former bandmates. “We talk on the phone.”
What about?
“He congratulated me on my single. Which was nice. I congratulated them on their Brit Award.”
Sounds very cordial.
“It was a good chat. We hadn't met in a long time so we want to meet up.”
When did you last see him?
“Probably before I left the band.”
So you haven't seen anyone since then?
“I tried to have contact but nobody's reached out. So… whatever.” They mumble the last bit.
Do they hate you?
“Who knows.”
Would there be any valid reason for them to hate you?
“I don't think so.”
So where were those rumours from? The ones that said you were booted out?
“I seem to remember someone saying something like that, but I don't remember any rumours.”
Presumably, that whole time was a total f***storm?
“You can be in the eye of it if you choose to be. Or you can let it overwhelm you.” They stand up from their stool, like he's about to launch into the bridge of a 1D hit. “See, I've kept a little bit of my sanity. I understand how the media works. Journos gotta earn their money. Paps have got to earn their money.”
Did you learn that early on? That you needed to focus on the un-realness of all this, or it would destroy you?
“I think so. I think that's why it came across as being mysterious or detached. I just didn't want to get caught up in something that wasn't real. You can be the biggest band in the world for a certain time, but that ends.”
So you knew, even at the start, that you had to get out before the time limit expired?
“I'm not saying that. But if I did…” They laugh. “Then f**k me, I've got a great brain.”
Something unspoken hangs there. He's canny, Zayn. He's sensitive but strong-willed, a born leader. He's outsmarted pretty much everyone by finding a way out of Syco intact. Is it too much of a stretch to think that their strategic aim may have been there all along?
The knock on the door comes. A handshake, a final grin from below those long, square eyebrows, and we leave Zayn to the only pub in the world where they can drink unmolested.
Marty Ashfield
2017-09-07 15:48:10 -0400
Well we have had people like Pat Condell telling us about the dangers of Islam and of letting in so many Muslims into our countries, for a very long time.
We even have a couple of Muslim scholars like Mr. Fatah (I hope I spelled their name right) and a very smart lady (I forget their name), that have been warning us about the same things for a very long time.
But do we listen, do we pay attention and act upon the advice given to us by people who are informed and knowledgeable about this danger to western society? Some of us do, but are powerless to do anything about it because we have a horde of indifferent people that ignore this advice and in fact label it and us as Islamophobic, proponents of hate speech and so on. The main culprits are of course our illustrious politicians and so-called learned Judges.
When one politician dares to come out and speak about the evils of Islam brought to the western world by Muslims, and suggests or tries to reverse the evil, that politician finds themselves lied about, defamed, and blamed for things they had never said or done and condemned in every way possible – example President Trump.
We – that is the sane sensible people – can see that Europe is doomed as long as fools like Merkle and the french president Macron, the powers to be in Britain all hold power. We can see the foolishness of the public in voting for these destroyers of their own countries, and yet we have the same thing happening in our own country. We have the same fools voting for the same type of fools that have destroyed Europe and will not quit until all of Europe is Muslim and ruled by the evil cult of Islam.
If anybody thinks that Justin Trudeau and their Islamic ministers are not headed for the same insanity that prevails in Europe today, then that person is one of the fools that put this evil bastard in charge of Canada. Unfortunately we also have the leader of the conservatives who is just as bad and embraces the evil that can and will destroy us.
I do not know what can be done, because as I mentioned there are hordes of fools that negate anything sane people can do or say that will change the course and keep Canada a free western nation.
I do know that I will resist Islam in every way I possibly can and will fight till the very end with tooth and nail.
commented
Someday, somehow, the U.S. Navy would like to run its networks - maybe even own its computers again.
After 10 years and nearly $10 billion, many sailors are tired of leasing their PCs, and relying on a private contractor to operate most of their data systems. Troops are sick of getting stuck with inboxes that hold 150 times less than a Gmail account, and local networks that go down for days while Microsoft Office 2007 gets installed … in 2010. But the Navy just can't quit its tangled relationship with Hewlett-Packard. The admirals and the firm recently signed another $3.3 billion no-bid contract that begins Oct. 1st. It's a final, five-year deal, both sides promise, to let the Navy gently wean itself from its reliance on HP. But that's what they said the last time, and the time before that.
Advertisement
It's become a Washington cliché that the military and the intelligence community rely too much on outside contractors. Everyone from President Obama to Defense Secretary Robert Gates has promised to cut back on Pentagon outsourcing. But the Navy's ongoing inability to separate itself from Hewlett-Packard – after years of trying – shows how difficult that withdrawal is going to be.
Just to make sure its core networks keep running – to make sure marines and sailors can keep e-mailing each other on Oct. 1st - the Navy is paying Hewlett Packard $1.788 billion. (Booz Allen Hamilton, another outside contractor, handled the negotiations with Hewlett-Packard for the military.) The service will spend another $1.6 billion to buy from HP the equipment troops have worked on for years, and to license the network diagrams and configuration documents, so that the Navy can begin to plan for a future in which they're not utterly reliant on HP for their most basic communications. In essence, the Navy is paying to look at the blueprints to the network it has been using for a decade.
"HP is holding the Navy hostage, and there isn't a peep about it," one Department of the Navy civilian tells Danger Room. "We basically had two recourses: pay, or send in the Marines."
Advertisement
The initial idea behind the project, called the Navy Marine Corps Intranet, was to combine a hodgepodge of 15,000 different systems into a single, manageable network. A single IT company, Electronic Data Systems, would own all the gear – from the routers to the servers to the mice – and operate it all for the Navy. That way, the sailors wouldn't need to count on the military's Paleolithic purchasing system for their tech. And they'd get the benefit of a proven sysadmin who was smarter, faster, more efficient and more flexible than any lumbering government bureaucracy. Original cost: $4.1 billion for five years.
Since then, NMCI has grown to become the second largest network in the world, trailing only the internet itself. More than 700,000 sailors, marines and civilians on nearly 400,000 computers in 620 locations throughout the United States, Japan and Cuba are connected. NMCI's 4,100 servers handle more than 2.3 petabytes of data. And, in some ways, the project has to be counted as a success: All those old networks have been merged into one, and that one centrally-controlled network is far easier to operate and secure than the tangled messes you find in most military commands.
But the flexibility the Navy hoped for? Well, let's just say NMCI operates with all the agility and responsiveness you'd expect from a centrally-managed, self-policing monopoly.
Advertisement
"When our computers are not being crippled by updates, and as long as we don't have to call the help desk for anything (i.e. we don't have any computer problems) then NMCI has somewhat stabilized," another Navy civilian e-mails Danger Room.
Worse, HP - which acquired Electronic Data Systems and its Navy contract in 2008 - still operates under performance metrics set a decade ago. A typical workstation on the network costs the Navy $2,490.72 per year. That includes an e-mail inbox with a 50-MB capacity (Gmail's: 7,500 MB), and 700 MB of network storage (compared to Evernote's unlimited, free plan). Anything above that is extra.
A year's use of a "high-end graphics" workstation sets the Navy back $4,085.64. Extra applications on a laptop or desktop computer can run anywhere from $1,006.68 to $4,026.72 annually. A classified Ethernet port - $9,300 to $28,800 per year, depending on where it's located.
Advertisement
What's more, HP isn't required to take security measures like hard disk encryption, threat heuristics, and network access control that are common today, but were exotic in 2000. "Anti-spam services" runs the Navy $2.7 million per year under the contract. Cleaning up a "data spillage" – classified information that got placed an unclassified network – costs $11,800 per incident. In 2008, the Navy paid about $5 million to wipe the data from 432 compromised computers. That's "almost 10 times the cost of simply destroying the affected machines and replacing them with new ones," the Washington Times reported.
HP executive director Randy Dove calls the project the "most secure, flexible and functional network within the Department of Defense." Dove's company claims 87.5 percent of NMCI users surveyed said they're happy with the service. But among sailors and marines, NMCI's many alternate acronyms tell a different story: "No More Contracted Infosystems," "Non Mission-Capable Internet," "Never Mind Crash Imminent." Sailors and marines complained of long network downtimes, waits of hours and days for technical support - and even longer for pauses for BlackBerries and other gear.
The NMCI contract wasn't supposed to last a whole decade, originally. But the job of consolidating networks and keeping up with the Navy's wartime data needs kept getting bigger and more complex. And once the Navy started counting on an outside contractor to keep its information flowing, the harder it became to part ways – despite the complaints from the troops and from independent auditors.
Advertisement
Current program manager Capt. Captain Scott Weller insists that "the Navy always had full command and control over NMCI." But Navy officials like retired Adm. John Gauss provides a different perspective. "We gave up far too much control under NMCI," they admit.
Yet the NMCI contract was revamped over and over again, each time for more time and more money. "After investing about 6 years and $3.7 billion on NMCI, the Navy has yet to meet the program's two strategic goals - to provide information superiority and to foster innovation," the Government Accountability Office concluded in 2006 (.pdf). A few months earlier, the Navy decided to extend the contract through 2010.
In 2008, Navy officials declared their intention to finally assume day-to-day control of their networks. Then they quickly reconsidered. Military leaders wondered whether they had the expertise to manage such a complex IT project. Contractors working on the Navy's behalf shared those concerns. The Navy might be able to build an aircraft carrier, say. But those ships take a decade or more to build. Something as fast moving as IT? That requires a different metabolism, a different workforce and a different set of skills.
Advertisement
Then there was the question of intellectual property. HP owned all of NMCI's designs. Without that information, the Navy couldn't really begin to plan for the Navy's Next Generation Enterprise Network, or NGEN. (The new network had to be based on the old one, after all.) Which meant the military needed yet another agreement with Hewlett-Packard if they ever hoped to separate from the company. "Without access to the infrastructure and technical data associated with NMCI, we can't hold an open competition," Capt. Tim Holland, NGEN program manager, told an interviewer.
A Department of the Navy civilian is more blunt: "On Oct. 1st, NMCI becomes NGEN – provided we meet HP's list of terrorist demands."
With additional reporting by Zach Gottlieb
Photo: Navy
Advertisement
Wired.com has been expanding the hive mind with technology, science and geek culture news since 1995.
CLEVELAND, OH – The Cleveland Cavaliers have signed guard Deron Williams, Cavaliers General Manager David Griffin announced on Monday from Cleveland Clinic Courts.
Williams (6-3, 200), who was waived by Dallas on February 23, averaged 13.1 points, 6.9 assists and 2.6 rebounds in 29.3 minutes through 40 games (all starts) with the Mavericks this season. They also shot .348 from the three-point line and .821 from the foul line, while scoring in double figures on 27 occasions and dishing out 10 or more assists five times. They will wear jersey number 31 with the Cavs.
Playing in their 12th NBA season, Williams owns career averages of 16.6 points, 3.1 rebounds, 8.2 assists and 1.1 steals in 34.6 minutes over 821 games (767 starts) for Utah, New Jersey/Brooklyn and Dallas. Overall, they have shot .444 from the field, .356 from three-point range and .822 from the free throw line. The 6-3 guard has dished out at least 20 assists in a game on six occasions throughout their career and ranks 19th on the NBA's all-time assists list (6,733).
A three-time NBA All-Star (2010, 2011 and 2012), Williams has also made the All-NBA Second Team twice (2008 and 2010) and won gold medals as part of Team USA at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. They were originally drafted out of Illinois by the Jazz with the No. 3 overall pick in the 2005 NBA Draft and earned All-Rookie First Team honors in 2006. During the 2007-08 season, Williams became the third player in NBA history to have at least 1,500 points and 800 assists while shooting .500 or better from the field in a single season, joining Magic Johnson (1986-87 and 1988-89) and Kevin Johnson (1988-89).
(Reuters) - U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto Co MON.N, which is in the process of being bought by Germany's Bayer AG (BAYGn.DE), reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday as record soybean plantings lifted seed sales.
Shares climbed 1 percent and hit a two-year high of $118.47 a share.
St. Louis-based Monsanto reaffirmed its earnings per share target and raised its gross profit outlook for its seeds and genomics unit, which sells seeds, licenses biotech traits and sells farm data services.
Record soybean seedings in the United States and Brazil, the top two producers, were a boon for the world's largest seed company.
“There was a lot of acreage that rotated out of corn and into soy and Monsanto was set up really well for that since they had some product launches in soy this year,” said Matt Arnold, an analyst with Edward Jones.
Sales of soybean seed and traits, the second-biggest business by revenue, jumped 29.3 percent to $896 million in the third quarter ended May 31.
Seedings of Monsanto's Xtend soybeans, the newest U.S. varieties, totaled 20 million acres this spring, above earlier forecasts for 18 million. Intacta, its South American variety, was planted on more than 50 million acres, near the high end of expectations.
However, sales of corn seed and traits, the company's biggest revenue generator, fell 6.3 percent to $1.49 billion.
Monsanto agreed in September to a $66 billion buyout offer from Bayer, that, if approved by regulators, would create a company commanding more than a quarter of the world market for seeds and pesticides.
Monsanto said on Wednesday it was working toward completion of the merger by the end of 2017 and expects to submit merger-related filings to the European Union by the end of this month.
Bayer has said it would sell its LibertyLink-branded seeds businesses to help satisfy competition authorities looking at the Monsanto deal.
FILE PHOTO: Monsanto logo is displayed on a screen where the stock is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S. on May 9, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Net income attributable to Monsanto rose to $843 million, or $1.90 per share, in the quarter, from $717 million, or $1.63 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding certain items, Monsanto earned $1.93 per share, beating the analysts' average estimate of $1.76, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Earnings per share guidance remained at the high end of the range of $4.50 to $4.90 on an ongoing basis. Seeds and genomics gross profit for fiscal 2017 was projected in the high single digits in percentage terms, up from a mid-single-digit forecast previously.
Historical records of Genghis Khan's empire translated into Mongolian
AKIPRESS.COM - Historical records compiled more than 600 years ago about Genghis Khan's empire have been translated into the Mongolian language, experts said Tuesday, reports Xinhua.
The records consist of 15 books with 210 volumes and chronicle the rise and fall of the Mongol empire. They were compiled in 1370 as ordered by Zhu Yuanzhang, the first emperor of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), which ended Mongolian reign in China.
Over the past six centuries, historians have made several attempts to translate the books, written in Classical Chinese, into Mongolian. But the efforts were interrupted due to difficulty and war.
In March 2014, 16 experts in Mongolian history teamed up to start translation. They believe the historical records could help Mongolian people better understand their own history.
The books will be published in the next two years.
One of the largest empires in history, the Mongol Empire, later known as the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368) in China, once extended from China to Central Europe. Its founder, Genghis Khan, unified nomadic tribes before conquering large areas of Eurasia.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 9, 2017, 8:26 AM GMT / Updated June 9, 2017, 8:26 AM GMT By Leigh Ann Caldwell
Following former FBI Director James Comey's highly anticipated testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee Thursday, Senate Republicans offered a series of cautious defenses of President Donald Trump.
Democrats, meanwhile, said Comey's testimony proves that the investigation is just in its beginning phases and that Comey raised more questions than they answered, including some surrounding Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Intelligence Committee members learned in a closed session about a possible third meeting involving Sessions and the Russians, sources tell NBC News.
“Jeff could add a lot of light to it as to why they recused himself,” Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.V., a member of the Intelligence Committee, said. “There's one meeting we don't know about and people would like to know about it.”
Comey appeared before the Senate Intelligence Committee one month after Trump fired him. During their testimony, Comey said they felt pressured by Trump to halt an FBI investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn during a series of private meetings and that Trump lied about them and their leadership at the bureau.
Related: Did Donald Trump Obstruct Justice?
Republicans mostly refused to defend the president's conduct in their interactions with Comey but said nothing revealed in Thursday's hearing revealed any involvement with Russia or obstruction of justice — two of the most serious issues raised by the clash between the president and the former director.
Some Republicans pointed to Trump's unfamiliarity with government as a reason for their handling of Comey.
“The president's new at this. He's new to government. And so, they probably aren't steeped in the long-running protocols that establish the relationships between DOJ, FBI and White Houses. He's just new to this,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters at their weekly news conference Thursday morning. After being pressed, Ryan added: “I'm not saying it's an acceptable excuse. It's just my observation.”
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, and member of the Intelligence Committee made a similar point after Comey's testimony.
“I think it boils down to this — is this the action of someone putting together a plan to impede an investigation? Or is this a non-politician, unconventional figure, who simply operates in ways that are different from previous presidents? And no one has either informed him, or he's been unwilling to be informed about why the kinds of requests that they made would be inappropriate,” Rubio said.
Rubio added that both scenarios are inappropriate, but one has more consequences than the other. Ignorance is problematic but intentional interference would more likely mean obstruction of justice. “That is the fundamental question that people are seeking to answer,” Rubio said.
Senator Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., who has had a complicated relationship with Trump, said that they don't think that Comey's testimony revealed any more wrong-doing by Trump. But they said Trump is guilty of bad judgement.
“If being crude, rude and a bull in a china shop a crime, Trump would get the death penalty. It's not,” Graham said.
While Republicans cautiously came to Trump's defense, they left room to reverse course as both the Senate Intelligence investigation and that of the Special Counsel appointed by the Justice Department unfold.
“He's not under investigation for collusion yet. Keep investigating; we'll see where it goes,” Graham also told reporters Thursday afternoon. “You start with Whitewater and you end up with a blue dress.”
Related: Comey Says White House Lied 'Plain and Simple' About Firing
One of Trump's biggest defenders, Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, who was also being considered to replace Comey as FBI director until Cornyn withdrew their own name, said that Comey's testimony cleared the president from the specter that he's a part of the probe.
“He said there was no investigation of the president by the FBI. They said that three times,” Cornyn, who is also a member of the Intelligence Committee, said.
Democrats, meanwhile, said that Comey's testimony showed a president who doesn't respect the office or the law.
“Well I think we saw confirmation in Director Comey's resolute testimony detailing the frightening reality of President Trump's pattern of contempt for justice, their pattern for concerted and inexcusable efforts to shut down the FBI's investigation of their cronies, ties to Russia — and all of that I think disgraces the office of president,” Pelosi said.
Democrats mostly said that their testimony revealed that more questions than answers.
Democrats also say that Comey's testimony was specifically prepared to help Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller's investigation.
“I think it's a stage for the special counsel,” Sen. Bill Nelson, R-Florida, said.
"We don't have all the facts yet. You have to dig for them and do a lot of analysis," said Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said. "You have evidence of collusion? Right now no. Not that I would call sufficient. Suspicions is one thing. Evidence is another."
Members want more information. Lawmakers want to see the rest of the memos Comey wrote after their meetings with Trump, and members of the Senate Judiciary Committee said they want Comey to appear before their committee as well.
As the investigations surrounding the Trump campaign ramp up, Democrats said that it's becoming more difficult for Republicans stand by the president.
“I think it becomes harder and harder for the president's apologists to pretend this isn't exactly what it looked like. It's not beyond any credibility to find a charitable explanation for this,” Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, said. “Whether it meets a certain legal standard or not remains to be investigated and determined.”
Mark McDonald has resigned as Nicola Sturgeon's children's minister after admitting inappropriate behaviour.
The scandal over the conduct of UK politicians claimed its first Holyrood scalp when Mr McDonald released a statement admitting their behaviour may have made others uncomfortable.
Mr McDonald,37, said they would remain as Aberdeen Donside MSP which they have served since the 2011 Scottish election.
Formerly regarded as one of the SNP's rising stars, Mr McDonald issued an unreserved apology to those they may have upset.
Their statement said: “It has been brought to my attention that some of my previous actions have been considered to be inappropriate – where I have believed myself to have been merely humorous or attempting to be friendly, my behaviour might have made others uncomfortable or led them to question my intentions.
READ MORE: John Swinney says men must improve their conduct to end sexual abuse
“My behaviour is entirely my responsibility and I apologise unreservedly to anyone I have upset or who might have found my behaviour inappropriate.
“In light of my position in government, I believe it would not be appropriate for me to continue to serve in my role in the Scottish Government at this time and I have tendered my resignation as a minister.
“I hope that in taking this step neither any particular woman nor my family will be the focus of undue and unwarranted scrutiny.
“It has been an honour to serve in the Scottish Government and I will continue to serve my constituents in Aberdeen Donside to the best of my ability.”
The SNP had confirmed it was investigating two complaints of inappropriate behaviour. It is understood the other complaint does not relate to a parliamentarian.
Earlier this week First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Deputy First Minister John Swinney both warned men - including those in the SNP - to reflect on their behaviour as allegations of sexual harassment reached Holyrood.
READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon: ‘Men are the problem' in sexual harassment cases
Ms Sturgeon previously said the allegations were a “line-in-the-sand moment where all of us can say, firstly and foremostly, to men that indulge in this kind of behaviour, that it's not acceptable”.
A spokesperson for the First Minister said: “Mark has taken the right action in apologising and recognising that in their current role it would be inappropriate for them to remain in government.
“He will continue to make a valuable contribution to parliament as the MSP for Aberdeen Donside. As the Deputy First Minister told parliament earlier in the week it is right that men take responsibility for their behaviour and it is to Mark's credit that they have done so.”
A confidential phone line has been launched and an anonymised survey is to be carried out to determine the extent of the problem at the Scottish Parliament, which said it had no current cases.
The measure was announced after Presiding Officer Ken Macintosh held an urgent meeting with representatives from each party including Ms Sturgeon.
A Scottish Parliament spokesperson said cases of inappropriate behaviour or harassment brought to the attention of officials over the last five years were ‘'in single figures'' and one historic case had been referred to police.
READ MORE: Sex harassment scandal ‘will end a dozen careers', MPs say
The Government confirmed the number it has dealt with is similar and it is reviewing sexual harassment complaint procedures, as are the parliament and all political parties.
The claims of harassment in Scottish politics first emerged after human rights lawyer Aamer Anwar said women ranging from MSPs to interns had raised concerns about behaviour across the Scottish Parliament.
A Government spokesperson said: “Mark McDonald MSP has left the Scottish Government.
“Mr McDonald tendered their resignation to the First Minister on Saturday.
“The Education Secretary is responsible for all aspects of the education portfolio including those led by the minister for childcare and early years. The First Minister will appoint a new minister in due course.”
From their days as a prodigious art school songsmith penning such tunes as "First Cut is the Deepest" and the Tremeloes' "Here Comes My Baby," to their role as the deeply introspective cornerstone of the singer-songwriter movement of the 70s, to a spiritual and musical emergence as Yusuf Islam in the 90s, to a return to pop stylings in the aughts, Cat Stevens has walked among the most powerfully poignant rock and roll journeys - one refreshingly devoid of the genre's many trappings - sharing their gift of music and life with generations. Friend and fellow Hall of Fame Inductee Art Garfunkel inducted Stevens, noting: "He played with their persona the way they played with chord changes... The most sincere seeker, a loving man with an ever-expanding embrace, my friend Yusuf Islam, the artist we call Cat Stevens." After delivering a stunning showcase of what Garfunkel called "sensitivity with a bass voice" and hits from their catalog, Stevens took to the stage and shared these thoughts on their storied career.
I never thought I'd be on the same stage as KISS, to be honest ... I am very happy to be here representing my band on behalf of Cat and father -- my father and my son -- and by moon shadow and the rest of the group ... We are very honored to be inducted.
Musically, let's face it: we are all infamous. Something inspires us. One of the first things that inspired me was my sister's record collection. They had Beethoven -- my god yes. The best pop song ever written was the 9th Symphony ... Then the man who kind of turned classics into a modern form: Leonard Bernstein, [who] to me, was one of the best. "West Side Story" turned my life around. Then of course there was the other side, which was the blues. You had Lead Belly who's the grandfather of the blues ... Then came of course Bo Diddley, and one of their lookalikes, Buddy Holly, god bless him. And then, the Beatles. They all really inspired us. And then Bob Dylan.
Now, just one last point, a little riddle, questioning the compatibility of this strange thing called rock and roll with the detached and heavily fraternity lifestyle, which I still belong to, and considering that the judges have actually voted for someone who doesn't' drink, doesn't smoke and, you know, doesn't throw televisions out of hotel rooms and only sleeps with their wife. I'd say it was a very brave decision, and one which was unexpected, and strangely, outrageously rock and roll! Peace!
This blog post is part of a series produced by Huffington Post and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum celebrating the 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony and the new Inductee exhibit opening at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, on May 31, 2014. Tune in to HBO on Saturday, May 31, 2014 to watch the 2014 Induction Ceremony.
Updated to add: The use of the term ‘single mother' is not exactly accurate. If you are a mother and you are collecting child support, you are not a single mother. You are a single woman. They rejected you. Not the child.
First up, let's clarify our terms. A widow is NOT a single mother. Them husband died! Lumping them in with single mothers is an insult to their memory, to them and to their children. So don't even think of doing it. Especially war widows. If you ever find yourself referring to a woman whose husband died on a battlefield as a single mother, you should immediately pour Tabasco sauce into your eyes, because you deserve to weep all the tears I'm certain they have.
Divorced mothers are also NOT single mothers, although a huge flashing PROCEED WITH CAUTION sign is definitely in order. We'll get to these charming ladies later.
A single mother is a woman who had a child outside of any established relationship, or a relationship so fragile the thickest retard in the world ought to have been able to see bringing a child on board was a FUCKING TERRIBLE IDEA. Single mothers are bona fide idiots and here is why you should never even consider dating one:
First, this is a woman who clearly doesn't give a shit about their child's well-being and future prospects. Children of single mothers do poorly on every imaginable scale: they have more emotional problems, experience more stress, are more likely to grow up poor, they have lower educational achievements and experience way more behavioral problems than children who grow up with married parents. Depression, suicide, drug abuse, jail and psychiatric medications are all more common in populations of children raised by single mothers.
http://futureofchildren.org/publications/journals/article/index.xml?journalid=37&articleid=107§ionid=692
Ladies, this is why abortion exists! If you screw up and get pregnant, don't screw up even more and bring an innocent child along with you! The rest of us who have to LIVE with your fucked up, emotionally scarred children will PAY you to have a fucking abortion. Be sensible, for the love of god.
Second, single mothers are clearly really, really shitty at making life decisions. Having a child out of wedlock is pretty much the number one thing you can do to fuck up your life. You can pick up a heroin addiction, drop out of high school, rob a bank or decide to write the great American novel financing yourself on your credit cards. All of those things can be fixed. You can go to rehab, get your GED, get parole, and pay off those cards. But once you have a child, you cannot take it back. It's done.
Third, single mothers profoundly misunderstand men. There are few men who are overjoyed to spend their blood, sweat and tears on some other guy's genetic offspring. Remember the Cinderella Effect? (http://judgybitch.com/2012/10/27/of-course-gay-people-should-get-married-and-have-children-its-the-most-natural-thing-in-the-world/)
It's real. A modern man doesn't turn up their nose at a woman with some sexual experience who might have learned a trick or two from previous lovers about what men REALLY like, or more likely, they learned how to FIND OUT, but the majority of men would like to see a NEW sign on their uterus. No previous occupants. When a man picks a wife, they want to know they won't be competing with some random babydaddy who was there before him.
http://www.experienceproject.com/stories/Decided-Not-To-Date-Single-Mothers/2017652
A woman who cares so little about their children, their own prospects, and their future husband is NOT going to make a great wife. Sorry. It's just not going to happen. A great wife and mother places the needs and happiness of their husband and children ABOVE their own needs, and in doing so, finds their greatest happiness. So politically incorrect to say so, I know. But a woman who makes YOU the center of their life is going to be a great wife. Oh, and in return, you have to make Them the center of your life.
See how that works? Yeah. Not really a huge mystery. You live for one another. You both put each other's happiness above your own. Exactly what single mothers do NOT do.
Now divorced mothers, who are a breed of single mothers, MIGHT be a little different, but whenever you approach one, sing this little song in your head: it takes two to tango.
Never, ever assume a divorced woman is some innocent blushing maid cruelly abused by some terrible man. Oh, that's the story she'll spin for you, because really, what women are going to sit there and say “I'm an unbearably controlling and irrational cunt who made my husband's life such hell they decided they would rather be a weekend Dad than spend one more second with me”.
When you meet a divorced single mother, immediately start looking for the flaw. It's something big. Something that drove another man to pledge their undying love to her, to have and to hold, from this day forth, and then sometime later decide “fuck this shit. I'm outta here”. Stand firmly on guard. Scan the horizon, dude. Something wicked this way comes. Or it soon will.
Divorced moms who escaped abusive marriages with drug/sex/gambling/whatever addicts should not get a free pass from you, either. Even if it's TRUE that the husband was a colossal fuck-up, you need to ask yourself what kind of imperceptive moron couldn't spot that? What kind of insecurities plague a woman who thinks getting married to a drug addict is good idea? What kind of delusional self-image does a woman have, if they can fall for a con artist with a gambling habit that would shame Charlie Sheen? Be very cautious around a woman who takes none of the blame for their failed marriage. You might not be the FIRST man they blame all their problems on, but you sure as hell can be NEXT.
Don't be.
On the whole, give single and divorced mothers a pass. And for the love of god, if you decide to give one a spin, STAY AWAY FROM THE CHILD. That child is aching for a man to call their or their own. Every child of a single mother lies awake at night in bed, longing for the Daddy they see on TV, in books, in the lives of the other kids at school. They want you so badly. Don't let them fall in love. You'll break their heart. Or hers. Little girls long for daddies as much as little boys.
That's the real danger. The children of single mothers have already been wounded so deeply by the lack of a father. To give them some hope that it might be YOU, and then leave them is unspeakably cruel. It's the worst thing you can do. You can't save those little innocents, but you can save them from hurting even more.
Don't date single mothers. It's just not worth it.
Lots of love,
JB
This article is about Indo-Greek kings. For the airplane, see Grob Strato 2C
Coin of Strato II.
Obv: Bust of Strato II. Greek legend: BASILEOS SOTEROS STRATONOS "Of King Strato the Savior".
Rev: Athena holding a thunderbolt. Kharoshthi legend: MAHARAJASA TRATARASA STRATASA "King Strato the Saviour".
Strato II "Soter" (Ancient Greek: Στράτων B΄ ὁ Σωτήρ, Strátōn B΄ ho Sotḗr; epithet means "the Saviour") was an Indo-Greek king. They ruled c. 25 BCE to 10 CE according to Bopearachchi. R. C. Senior suggests that their reign ended perhaps a decade earlier. They may have been supplanted by the Indo-Scythian Northern Satraps, particularly Rajuvula and Bhadayasa, whose coins were often copied on those of the last Indo-Greek kings.[1] Numerous coins of Rajuvula have been found in company with the coins of the Strato group in the Eastern Punjab (to the east of the Jhelum) and also in the Mathura area:[2] for example, 96 coins of Strato II were found in Mathura in conjunction with coins of Rajuvula, who also imitated the designs of Strato II in the majority of their issues.[3]
Rule [ edit ]
Obv. Obv. Monolingual coin of Strato II Soter in Prakrit only. Apollo standing right, with quiver on back, holding arrow; thick bead-and-reel border. Diadem with Kharoshthi legend "Maharajasa tratarasa Stratasa" (Saviour King Strato).
Strato II ruled in the eastern Punjab, probably retaining the capital of Sagala (modern Sialkot, Pakistan), or possibly to the city of Bucephala (Plutarch, p. 48 n. 5).
Their territory was invaded by Rajuvula, Indo-Scythian king of Mathura, and they became the last of the Indo-Greek kings, together with their son[4] Strato III "Philopator" ("the father-loving"), who was included as joint regent on some of their coins and also issued coins on their own.
A few silver coins with a different portrait and the inscription Strato Soter Dikaios ("the just") may also belong to Strato III as sole ruler, or to a fourth king named Strato.[5][n 1]
Just like the earlier king Strato I, the last Stratos are thought to belong to the dynasty of Menander I, who also used the epithet Soter and the symbol of standing Pallas Athena.
Coins of Strato II, III and Strato Dikaios [ edit ]
Strato II and Strato III.
Obv: Probable bust of Strato II. Possible Greek legend: ΒΑϹΙΛΕΩΣ ϹΩΤΙΡΟϹ ϹΤΡΑΤΩΝΟϹ ΚΑΙ ΦΙΑ / ϹΤΡΑΤΩΝΟϹ "Of Kings Strato the Saviour and Strato the Father-loving".[6]
Rev: Coin ofandProbable bust of Strato II. Possible Greek legend: ΒΑϹΙΛΕΩΣ ϹΩΤΙΡΟϹ ϹΤΡΑΤΩΝΟϹ ΚΑΙ ΦΙΑ / ϹΤΡΑΤΩΝΟϹ "Of Kings Strato the Saviour and Strato the Father-loving". Athena holding a thunderbolt. Kharoshthi legend: MAHARAJASA TRATARASA STRATASA, POTRASA CASA PRIYAPITA STRATASA "King Strato the Saviour, and their grandson Strato the Father-loving.
The chronology of the late Indo-Greek kingdom has been established by Bopearachchi and other scholars from numismatical evidence alone. The coins deteriorated continuously, the Strato coins being the most debased and crude in style, a striking contrast to earlier kings who struck some of the most beautiful coins of antiquity.
The decay was due to the increasing pressure of the Indo-Scythian nomads on the remaining Greek pockets, as well as their long isolation from the rest of the Hellenistic world.
The boxy mint mark characteristic of Strato II and III and late Indo-Greek kings.
Strato II and III used exclusively a single "boxy" mint-mark, which they had in common with late Indo-Greek kings such as Apollophanes and was initiated by Dionysios Soter.[7]
Strato II, Strato III and Strato Dikaios struck debased silver drachms, which as mentioned portray Pallas on the reverse. Strato II appears as an old man with a sunken jaw on some of their coins, which is not surprising given that their grandson was co-regent.
Strato II also issued bronzes and even lead coins of the common type Apollo/tripod. On some of Strato II's silver drachms the letter sigma is written as C (a lunate sigma), a not uncommon trait on late Hellenistic coins in the east.
Imitations by Indo-Scythian rulers [ edit ]
Subsequent Indo-Scythian rulers, who replaced the Stratos in their territories, designed their coins in direct imitation of those of Strato II. This is the case of the Northern Satraps, who ruled in the territories from Sagala in Eastern Punjab to Mathura, such as Rajuvula, Bhadayasa. Just as the Yuezhi had copied the coins of the last Greco-Bactrian ruler Heliocles in Bactria, or the Indo-Scythians had copied the coins of the last western Indo-Greek ruler Hermaios in the area of Kabul, here again the Indo-Scythian Northern Satraps relied heavily on the numismatics of their predecessors.[1] The fact that powerful new rulers such as Rajuvula extensively adopted these coin designs tends to suggest that Strato II had been quite a significant ruler in their eyes.
See also [ edit ]
Notes and references [ edit ]
Notes
^ Given that the coins of Strato I have lately been attributed to two different kings, there may actually have been as many as five kings named Strato.
References
a b The Dynastic Arts of the Kushans, John M. Rosenfield, University of California Press, 1967, p.135 [1] ^ Mathurā and Its Society: The ʼSakæ-Pahlava Phase, Bratindra Nath Mukherjee, Firma K.L.M., 1981, p.9 ^ Bibliography of Greek coin hoards, p. 194-195 [2] ^ R.C. Senior, Indo-Scythian coins and history. Volume IV. The Greek legend clearly implies that the two kings were father and son, and Senior dismisses the older reading "grandson" on the Kharosthi legend. ^ Senior, ibid. ^ Rapson, E.J. (1906). "Coins of the Graeco-Indian sovereigns agathokleia, Strato I Soter, and Strato II Philopator". Corolla Numismatica. Numismatic essays in honour of Barclay V. Head. With a portrait and eighteen plates. Oxford. At the Internet Archive ^ Jakobsson, J (2010). "A Possible New Indo-Greek King Zoilos III, and an Analysis of Realism on Indo-Greek Royal Portraits". Numismatic Chronicle. JSTOR article ^ O. Bopearachchi, "Monnaies gréco-bactriennes et indo-grecques, Catalogue raisonné", Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris, 1991, p.453 ^ History of Early Stone Sculpture at Mathura: Ca. 150 BCE - 100 CE, Sonya Rhie Quintanilla, BRILL, 2007, p.9 [3]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Whitehead, R.B. (1914). Catalogue of coins in the Punjab museum, Lahore. I Indo-Greek Coins. Oxford. At the Internet Archive.
Vinyl Details - Mastered From The Original Master Tapes By The Famous Stan Ricker
- 180g Black Audiophile Vinyl
- High Quality Reverse Cardboard Gatefold Jacket With 11 X 22 Insert
- First Time On Vinyl Ever!
- 3 Mil Premium Poly Sleeve Vinyl Color: Yellow (LTD 500 - SRC Exclusive)
Purple (LTD 500 - Retail Exclusive)
180 Gram Black
Album Details
"Without Jonah Matranga's soul-striating honesty and gut-punch emotional potency over the last 10 years, the current crop of sensitive boys with guitars would sound a whole lot different" – Kerrang! Magazine
Formed in 1991, Sacramento California's far blazed a trail for a generation of alternative rock bands over their 8 year career, garnering critical acclaim at home and abroad by combining heartfelt, dynamic, vocals with a more streamlined musical approach than their contemporaries in the Pacifific Northwest. The brainchild of Jonah Matranga (OneLineDrawing, New End Original) and Shaun Lopez (Rival Schools, Crosses), far released their cult-classic major label debut Tin Cans With Strings to You via Epic/Immortal in April of 1996 bringing a maturity and sensitivity heretofore unheard among their contemporaries and paving a path for bands like Biffy Clyro, Coheed & Cambria and Thursday by adding a refreshing emotional muscle to unfettered, driving rock songs.
Immediately met with critical acclaim, Tin Cans With Strings to You introduced far to a national audience via an aggressive marketing campaign and touring schedule with the likes of Incubus and Deftones, bringing their unique band of emotional rock to arenas across the nation. In the years that have past, the long out of print classic Tin Cans With Strings to You has grown to an mythological status and a touchstone moment for alternative rock in the 1990's and beyond.
Tin Cans With Strings To You, is available on vinyl for the very first time through srcvinyl. Mastered for vinyl from the original tapes, Tin Cans With Strings to You stands as landmark masterwork untouched by time that rewards listeners with every spin, making full use of the dynamic range that only high quality vinyl can provide this special 2LP deluxe reissue is sure to be a hit with fans and collectors alike.
On This Date in History: 17th Century astronomer Edmund Halley is more famous for the comet that bears their name but it is less well-known that they also suggested that the earth had four concentric spheres and that there was a hollow area in the center with small entrances at each pole. Inside the hollow earth, Halley said there was life and there was illumination. They thought that the aurora was caused by gasses being released from the openings at the poles. Well, this guy John Symmes carried on that idea and began a series of lectures designed to gain financial support for an expedition. They said, “I ask 100 brave companions…to start from Siberia…I engage we find a warm and rich land, stocked with thrifty vegetables and animals…northward of latitude 82.” They wanted to sail over the curved rim of a polar hole into a hollow earth. Symmes must have been very convincing because after speeches given in Rossville and Hamilton, Ohio on this date (Dec 30) in 1823, the two towns passed resolutions the following day stating that the earth was hollow. Later, Hamilton built a monument to their native son hollow earther Symmes, who not only convinced the people of the Ohio towns, but also some Congressmen who tried to get public funding for the expeditions. A hollow earth fellow traveler and newspaperman, Jeremiah N. Reynolds, joined the chorus by stressing the commercial potential of the eccentric expedition. Today, Congress might hide an earmark for the funding but in 1823, it showed fiscal restraint.
However, that restraint didn't last too long because, 15 years later, the Congress actually appropriated $30,000 for Charles Wilkes to sail to Antarctica. In 1838, Wilkes set sail with 6 wooden ships to check out the South Pole. They first tried to nose in but was rebuffed when amidst strong winds, high seas and pack ice; one of their ships sunk taking the full crew with it. So, they decided on a different route, venturing into the South Pacific and charting Hawaii, Tahiti and Samoa. Sounds like Uncle Sam funded a nice vacation in island paradises to me. However, unlike Fletcher Christian, Wilkes did not get so enamoured by Tahiti and they sailed to Australia and then to the South Pole. They actually ended up making a pretty decent map of the frozen continent and today there is a 1500 mile stretch of coastline in Antarctica named Wilke's Land.
None of that would have happened without the outlandish claims of Symmes and Reynolds, who planted the seed for Congress to fund an expedition to Antarctica to find the hole in the earth. Now, when Admiral Byrd flew over the poles(1926 and 1929), it should have put to rest the rumors of a hollow earth. But, like those who want to chase Chemtrails, hollow earth proponents refused to accept the facts and instead claim that Byrd actually entered “Symmes Hole” because Byrd had referred to Antarctica as the “Land of Everlasting Mystery” and said, “I'd like to see the land beyond the pole. That area beyond the pole is the center of the great unknown.” In 1906, William Reed took a different tact and said there was no north and South Pole but instead there were entrances to the center of the earth and in 1913, Marshall Gardiner went so far as to say that there were sun 600 miles in diameter in the center of the earth. Of course, no one has reported any holes but…the claim was that the government was covering up the truth! So, there you have it…it can't be any more clear…Admiral Byrd has gone into the hollowed out earth and there is a government conspiracy to prevent anyone from finding out…I told you that it sounded like Chemtrails. It's a weird story from the past but perhaps its a good reminder that throughout history today's facts of science sometimes become tomorrow's silly stories. Then again, there are those today who still believe the earth is hollow or that there is no proof one way or another regarding the center of the earth.
Image caption Birmingham-born Ozzy Osbourne became known as the Prince of Darkness for their on-stage antics and hedonistic lifestyle.
Rocker Ozzy Osbourne cannot convert part of their Buckinghamshire estate until they can protect the bats which live there, the council said.
The Black Sabbath singer, who once claimed they bit the head off a live bat, applied to turn a barn on their Jordans' estate into a two-bedroom home.
The council refused after "considerable evidence" of bats and owls were found there.
It said measures had to be put in place to protect the animals.
The Osbournes in Buckinghamshire December 2003 - the heavy metal star suffered a near-fatal quad bike accident in the house's grounds
November 2004 - Ozzy Osbourne tackled an intruder before the man jumped from a first-floor window and escaped with jewellery believed to be worth about £2m
March 2005 - fire broke out in the living room while Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne slept - the couple escaped to the garden
July 2006 - fire causes minor smoke damage to the hallway Source: BBC
All species of bat and their roosts are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and The Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2010.
Chiltern District Council said interim surveys of the building at Stone Dean Farm near Chalfont St Giles had found droppings and feeding remains of what were "possibly brown long-eared" bats and the roosts of common and soprano pipistrelles,
It added any conversion work would have an impact on the creatures unless it was undertaken at the correct time of year.
Two further surveys, which can only be carried out at certain times of the year, will be undertaken between May and August.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The bats must be protected before the work can begin
A council spokesperson said: "Mr Osbourne cannot convert their listed building until satisfactory surveys and related mitigation, allowing the bats and owls to remain living on the site, is submitted.
"We must be satisfied measures have been put in place to protect the animals before planning permission can be considered."
A spokesperson for Mr Osbourne said it was a "private matter".
In the late hours of Tuesday night, the Pirate Bay abruptly disappeared from the Internet, the result of a surprise raid on the site's servers by Swedish police in Stockholm.
But forget the big-picture questions of Internet freedom or intellectual property. The real problem, for millions of Internet-users, is how am I going to watch TV?
See, the Pirate Bay is as much an idea and an orientation to entertainment media as it is/was a torrent-tracking site. Sure, the Pirate Bay technically indexed torrents, a peer-to-peer file format popular for sharing movies, music and other oversized files. But since its launch in 2003, the world's “most notorious file-sharing site” has done something a bit more significant, and a bit more permanent, too: It's made digital piracy a casual, inarguable part of the mainstream.
During just one month in 2013, more than 340 million people tried to download illegal content, an industry report claimed. In North America, Europe and Asia — the regions where most infringement comes from — that averages out to one in four Internet users.
“The free and simple availability of copyrighted content through piracy ecosystems continues to drive the popularity of hundreds of websites,” the report goes on to say. “Users of piracy ecosystems, the number of Internet users who regularly obtain infringing content, and the amount of bandwidth consumed by infringing uses of content all increased significantly between 2010 and 2013.”
(NetNames Piracy Analysis v2)
It wasn't always this way, of course. Before the birth of the torrent protocol in the early aughts, sharing big files, like TV shows or movies was virtually impossible. But in the early aughts, an American guy named Bram Cohen invented, essentially, a new way for computers to communicate data and named it BitTorrent. Less than two years later, in November 2003, just as BitTorrent was starting to gain steam, a little-known group of Swedish activists launched a site to help people find and access these shared BitTorrent files.
Pirate Bay wasn't the first torrenting site, by any means — but it quickly became the largest, and the one that stuck around. (It's no coincidence that the popularity of the phrase “torrent download” grew, in lockstep, with the profile of Pirate Bay.) It helped, probably, that Pirate Bay was initially operated by Piratbyran, a sort of pro-piracy think tank, which lobbied extensively against intellectual property law and wanted to popularize torrenting for “moral and political” reasons. In other words, they had the courage of conviction on their side.
Even when TPB split off from Pitatbyran shortly after its founding, administrators for the site remained involved with the group, circulating petitions, hosting rallies and publishing on “the practical, moral and philosophical issues of file sharing.” And even when law enforcement and industry groups began going after the Pirate Bay — the site was first raided in 2006, and its founders arrested and charged with aiding copyright infringement three years later — the site stayed online, moving frequently to new domains and changing to a more secure, cloud-based infrastructure in 2012.
And yet, despite all these (substantial!) threats, torrenting — on Pirate Bay, the largest torrenting portal, and off it — has only become more popular and more entrenched. Between 2011 and 2013, for instance, unique users on torrenting sites jumped 23.6 percent. There are now tens of millions of people accustomed to getting their “Game of Thrones” and “Breaking Bad” and “Walking Dead” illegally, online. In fact, more people watch “Game of Thrones” by torrent than watch it on HBO — a figure that, more than any other, should hammer in how well-entrenched this whole digital-piracy thing is.
Pirate Bay could very well come back online soon; there's certainly no evidence, at this juncture, to suggest that it won't, and the site has bounced back from several such hurdles before. But even if TPB doesn't return, the politics and the conventions it advanced — that content should be free, and if you torrent, they can be! — will be very difficult to eradicate.
You may be able to shut down Pirate Bay, but good luck raiding the Internet that Pirate Bay created.
For those born without the gift of gab, the art of elegantly starting, sustaining and stopping a discussion takes study and practice. Elizabeth Bernstein joins Lunch Break to explain why experts say small talk is actually a big deal. Photo: Getty Images.
Jason Swett still cringes when they remember the party in Atlanta 10 years ago, where, drink in hand, they tried "to impress the local Southern belles," they say, by talking—nonstop.
They told the six or so people he'd just met the tale of how once at a grocery store they helped apprehend a thief who'd stuffed steaks down their pants. And the story about the time they spotted a bike at the bottom of a pond in a local park and jumped in to retrieve it. And then the one about how they smoked themselves out of their own basement by setting...
After Bob Vander Plaats succeeded in ousting three Iowa Supreme Court justices through retention votes following the Court's unanimous decision in favor of legalizing gay marriage, they pledged to drive out the remaining four judges if they did not resign. They have now announced a bus tour throughout Iowa's 99 counties to push for the removal of the other members of the Court over their 2009 ruling.
Vander Plaats, the head of The Family Leader, has emerged as the state's most influential Religious Right activist despite losing the 2010 Republican primary for governor. Their effort to remove the three Justices last election was backed by millions of dollars of spending from outside groups such as the American Family Association, the Family Research Council and the National Organization for Marriage. A former adviser recently wrote that Vander Plaats is “obsessed with the gay-marriage issue” and “so obsessed that they would rather see the Iowa judicial system destroyed, instead of pursuing a change in the law within the channels provided (a constitutional amendment).”
Lynda Waddington of The Iowa Independent reports that Matt Reisetter, the director of development for The Family Leader, will join Vander Plaats on the bus tour which will visit all of the state's 99 counties. Waddington points out that Reisetter delivered a controversial anti-gay speech at the University of Northern Iowa deriding hate crimes laws, families with same-sex parents, “civil right status” for same-sex orientation, and that “it's ironic that one legislative action was intended to decrease smoking to improve public health, while the other legislative inaction was (not) done in the name of ‘equality rights,' and, at the very least, indirectly promotes unhealthiness, by putting a state-sanctioned blessing on anal sex, a behavior that disproportionately causes AIDS/HIV.”
Since Iowa hosts the first-in-the-nation presidential caucus, their clout will only grow as GOP presidential candidates seek Vander Plaats's support as they solidify their position at the top of Iowa's social conservative movement.
Amid the cacophony of reactions to Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski's proposed internet openness rules, one group has been conspicuously absent — the world's largest internet companies.
Not any more.
On Thursday, the Open Internet Coalition, a diverse interest group that represents Google, Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, Skype, Amazon, eBay, and scores of other internet-dependent companies, will run ads in two prominent Washington, D.C., publications — Politico and The Hill — expressing their displeasure with Chairman Genachowski's new compromise rules.
The Open Internet Coalition participated in the now-infamous closed-door talks held by FCC Chief of Staff Edward Lazarus last summer. It didn't end well. Markham Erickson, the respected tech policy lawyer who is Executive Director of the OIC, confirmed the authenticity of the ads in a phone conversation with Wired.com Wednesday evening.
In their ads, for which the group paid tens of thousands of dollars, OIC makes a simple point: What Chairman Genachowski is proposing isn't real net neutrality.
This is the ad copy (emphasis original):
"President Obama promised to protect the open internet," the ad reads. "That means no gatekeepers. That means no internet access providers building toll roads or blocking traffic."
Here the group is making a not-so veiled reference to Comcast, which this week startled internet users after the cable giant got into a screaming match with backbone provider Level 3 over streaming video.
"It's called net neutrality, and it's not a new regulation. It's the way the internet has always worked."
Here the group is trying to make the point that net neutrality is the de facto standard on the web – which is why a lot of people take it for granted. The Open Internet Coalition wants to keep it that way.
"Our companies, public internet groups, and millions of Americans are united in support of real Net Neutrality without paid prioritization that applies to wired and wireless connections."
Here OIC is taking a shot at Chairman Genachowski over what the group sees as a wimpy stance. Real net neutrality is code for "Title II" re-classification, which apparently scares the bejeezus out of Genachowski. That would have put ISPs like Comcast in the same regulatory category as the phone company, and left no doubt as to its authority to prevent abusive behavior by the companies that control the nation's internet pipes.
"The FCC is poised to act. We join President Obama in our support of real Net Neutrality. Americans should expect nothing less."
Ok, thanks for clearing that up guys.
Full list of OIC members after the jump:
Adaptive Marketing LLC
Aegon Direct Marketing Services
Amazon
American Association of Law Libraries
American Civil Liberties Union
American Library Association
Anglebeds.com
Ask.com
Association of Research Libraries
Bloglines
Chemistry.com
Circumedia LLC
Citysearch
CollegeHumor
Computer & Communications Industry Association
Cornerstone Brands, Inc.
Data Foundry
Domania
Downstream
Dreamsleep.com
Dresses.com
Earthlink
eBay
Educause
Electronic Retailing Association
Entertainment Publications
Evite
Facebook
Free Press
GetSmart
Gifts.com
GoGawGaw
Google
Hawthorne Direct
HomeLoanCenter.com
HSN
IAC
Iceland Health Inc.
iNest
InPulse Response
Internet2
Interval International
iWon
LendingTree
Livemercial
Match.com
Media Access Project
Media Partners Worldwide
Mercury Media
Merrick Group
NationalBlinds.com
Net Coalition
Netflix
New America Foundation
North Texas Technology Council
PayPal
Product Partners
Pronto.com
Public Knowledge
RealEstate.com
ReserveAmerica
Savvier
ServiceMagic
Shoebuy.com
Shopping.com
Skype
Sling Media
Sony Electronics, Inc.
StubHub
Success in the City
TechNet
Ticketmaster
TiVo
Tonystickets.com
Tranquilitymattress.com
Twitter
US PIRG
Vanguard
Washington Bureau for ISP Advocacy
Windward Instruments
YouTube
See Also:
The government of Bahrain faces fresh allegations that it systematically tortured people it suspected of taking part in demonstrations against its autocratic rulers earlier this year, and of deliberately undermining the country's health system as 20 doctors go back on trial today for their supposed role in the protests.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
One of the world's most respected humanitarian organisations, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), alleges that security forces loyal to the tiny Gulf state's authoritarian leader, King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa, regularly beat hospital patients who had injuries that could have been sustained during the rallies that started in February.
The MSF testimony is the first to document the existence of what was effectively a torture chamber maintained by Bahraini forces within the hospital. And it provides fresh evidence that retribution was not limited to the alleged ringleaders of the protests.
Jonathan Whittall, MSF's head of mission in Bahrain, has recently returned from the country. They say that troops routinely tortured patients at the main Salmaniya Medical Complex (SMC) in the capital, Manama. "The security forces basically took control of the hospital on 17 March when tanks moved outside and set up checkpoints for anyone entering or leaving. Inside, many of the wounded with injuries that could have been sustained during the protests were taken to the sixth floor, where they were beaten three times a day."
MSF says that young men with injuries such as broken limbs or gunshot wounds were particularly targeted for abuse,
"The hospital became a place to be feared," says Mr Whittall. "One patient was caught trying to leave and they were beaten both at Salmaniya and then later in jail – there was no evidence that they were a ringleader. The situation was so bad some people didn't dare come to the hospital – in some cases, people had no access to healthcare and that is still the situation today."
Some of the injured were removed from hospital, only to reappear later with more serious injuries, Mr Whittall adds. "One guy was brought into the hospital with a sword injury to the head, but they were removed by government forces and disappeared for weeks. Their family had no idea what had happened to them until they reappeared with severe brain damage. There were no medical reports or any indication of what had happened to them during their detention."
Unlike protests in other Middle Eastern countries, such as Tunisia or Egypt, where pro-democracy demonstrators have ousted unpopular dictatorships, Bahrain has effectively quelled its protests. Largely, those on the streets, who took over Manama's central Pearl Square, were from the majority Shia population, who argue that they are denied the opportunities afforded to the minority Sunnis. The ruling al-Khalifa family are Sunni.
In March, Bahrain asked neighbouring Saudi Arabia, where the ruling royal family is also Sunni, to send in troops to put down the protests.
The United States last week included Bahrain on its list of human rights abusers, which includes Iran, North Korea, Zimbabwe and Syria. The US had previously been criticised for its lack of action against Bahrain, home to a US naval fleet.
Bahrain's Information Affairs Authority said last week that it intends to sue The Independent for what it described as this newspaper's "skewed perspective and factually incorrect bias that have provided the basis for the daily's assault on Bahrain and its people".
As well as allegations made by a variety of human rights organisations of meting out violent retribution to those it claims took part in the uprising against the state, the Bahraini government has targeted medical professionals, whom it accuses of helping the demonstrators.
The trial of the 20 doctors charged with undermining public order was due to resume today. In other instances, doctors and nurses stand accused of refusing to treat those injured during the protests that had come out in support of the government, and in some cases of killing people.
MSF's Jonathan Whittall: "There is no evidence that doctors turned away any casualties or did anything to destabilise the situation. In fact, the whole thing was so chaotic,” they say.
"There is a lot of anger among the medical community; a massive feeling of injustice. Many of the doctors feel that they have been singled out and targeted because of their standing in society; because they spoke out against the violence, and that some worked at medical stations set up in Pearl Square during the height of the protests." Most of the doctors in Bahrain are Shia Muslims.
The families of several doctors claim that they have been beaten during their detention – claims that have been corroborated by human rights organisations – and that confessions have been extracted under torture. These claims are denied by the Bahraini government.
A series of emails between a surgeon at Salmaniya and the British professor who trained him, published by The Independent in April, gave a vivid glimpse of the pressures on staff.
"I am in the hospital exhausted and overwhelmed by the number of young lethally injured casualties. It's genocide to our people and our hospital doctors and nurses are targeted for helping patients by pro-government militia," they wrote on 15 March.
Two days later Bahraini forces stormed the hospital, saying it had become "overrun by political and sectarian activity". Human rights groups say it was an act of intimidation.
Bahrain's Justice Minister told a press conference in May when the doctors were charged that they had deliberately injured a protester who arrived with a wound on their thigh, causing them to bleed to death. In another case they had operated unnecessarily on a protester who was shot in the head. In both cases the doctors would be charged with "assault that led to death", they said.
According to an Amnesty International report published earlier this month, security officials at Bahrain's Criminal Investigations Directorate forced a number of doctors and nurses to stand for long periods, deprived them of sleep, beat them with rubber hoses and wooden boards containing nails, and made them sign papers while blindfolded.
Bahrain recently lifted its national state of emergency, arguing that the situation has largely returned to normal and that the government is listening to the grievances of demonstrators. This claim is dismissed by several organisations as cosmetic. The lifting of the state of emergency coincided with a decision by Formula One to reinstate the Bahrain Grand Prix, which was postponed in March. Initially the race was rescheduled for October, but was cancelled again two weeks ago when a number of leading drivers expressed concern at returning to the country.
Mr Whittall agrees that the changes have been superficial: "The tanks may have been moved from the front of Salmaniya, but these have been replaced by armoured personnel carriers," they say.
It is not just medical professionals that have been brought before military courts: a number of demonstrators have already been sentenced to death for their role in the protests. Last week, a 20-year-old student, Ayat al-Gormezi, was sentenced to a year in prison for reciting an anti-government poem in Pearl Square. They were beaten in prison and was not given access to a lawyer during their trial.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
This Week's Featured Testimonial
Just some mister
by Ken
I swear, when I gaze at Joe Biden's teeth, something especially unusual happens. My entire body shakes with glee and the tingles you'd normally associate with severe nerve damage is actually a water slide of confidence, justice for all and optimism running through my veins. Shortly after, I question my sexuality. Am I in love with this handsome man? Why am I so strongly drawn to this man's mouth? Is turkey breast on sale at Jewel this week...? You get the point. Strong. Magnetic. Effect. God bless your teeth, Joe Biden. Now go help our man Obama lead the free world to change and new found glory. XOXO
Rating: 5
Let Freedom... Shine
by MFlutka
America has always been a shining beacon of freedom. The light of that beacon is fueled by the shine of Biden's Teeth. (Caps intentional) Here, here VP-Elect!
Rating: 4
Teeth Are An Inspiration
by Krispyazn
I got 100% on the teeth challenge! You go JOE! Your teeth are an inspiritation. WORD.
Rating: 5
That Smile...
by Anthony Cohen
Doesn't their smile just scream, 'I wanna sex you up?'
Rating: 5
Ski Lift
by Mike R
Joe Biden's teeth can bite through ski lift cables.
Rating: 4
Pimp
by Enamel
Joe's mouth is full of Pimp'namel !!!!!
Rating: 5
Nibblers
by Cavity Creep
Its like their mouth is full of baby angels...
Rating: 5
Lead The Way!
by Rico Glisten
The hormones in their body can tell the change of season and the nearness of winter and christmas approaching. like the sparkle of the trees and the white frosted snow, does teeth know what to do. LEAD THE WAY!
Rating: 5
Fact
by Coppertone
joe biden's teeth has more uva and uvb rays than the sun.
Rating: 5
I Have a Dream...
by Sophia
I have a dream....that one day I will wake up and look in the mirror and see a Joe Biden smile in the reflection...or that i wont be able to see the reflection bc my smile shines so bright. That the citizens of America aren't judged by the content of their character but the color of their teeth...I have a Dream!
Rating: 3
The Word of God for The People of God
by Nick
For God so loved the world, they gave Joe Biden great teeth. Gen. 1:1-2
Rating: 5
Lovejoy
by Jessica
on facebook, they are giving away free 'gifts' of joe biden frankenstien dolls.. the teeth look amazing on him!!
Rating: 4
Holy Teeth
by Jenny
Wow. Those are the whitest teeth ever on a 65 year old man. Those are blingin teeth. Joe Biden clearly has the best teeth ever for a VP candidate. I bet Sarah Palin has cavities. No one can compete with the whitest teeth on the planet Earth. Therefore, support the Obama/Biden ticket. If we ever get a massive blackout in the United States we can all just rely on Joe teeth for light.
Rating: 5
No iPhone?
by Bignz
Hey what happened to the Joe Biden's teeth iphone release????
Rating: 5
Seen the Light
by Anonymous
'Is Senator Obama ready to lead this nation during a time of such turmoil?' I asked myself this election season. Joe Biden's teeth provided the only answer I needed. Their teeth provided a luminescent, perfectly aligned reassurance that indeed Barack Obama is the One.
Rating: 5
Holy Teeth
by Rebecca
I was a dentist for years and gave it up under the non-brush administration. But now I have hope and believe in change. paid for by dentists for Obama/Biden
Rating: 5
Shiners
by Will
Over in the UK we saw a strange gleam lighting up the sky from across the Atlantic. It was Joe Biden's teeth shining like the dawn of a new era. And we knew that there was hope, even for us cronky snaggle-toothed Brits...
Rating: 4
Wowza!
by Bob
Joe Biden's teeth are shining, white, pillars of hope for our nation. God bless Senator Biden and those beautiful chompers.
Rating: 5
Hope?
by Deven
I actually HAD some hope before seeing those shiney whities. Now I walk around with my lips zipped, so as not to invite comparison to my NOW grungie gobblers. Thanks, Joe!
Rating: 1
A New Beginning
by Pistol
I was a hardcore, dyed-in-the-wool Republican. After seeing Joe Biden's teeth, I have seen the error of my ways! Those pearly whites symbolize a new beginning!
Rating: 5
God's Teeth
by Beautiful Brandon
It's like the whiutest clouds and the strongest mountain had a baby. Spectacular. These are God's teeth.
Rating: 5
Nicest
by Anonymous
Theirs is one of the nicest smiles I have ever come across!
Rating: 5
From Delaware
by Ill Seed
I am illseed from Delaware. I work at AllHipHop.com. I had no ambition in life until I saw Joe Biden's teeth. Now, I am one of the biggest things on the internet. Google me! Thanks Joe Biden's teeth and thank you Joe Biden!
Rating: 5
Go Broadway Joe!!
by Fox Media Group
I hope when I am their age my choppers look like that. GO Broadway Joe!! Http://www.NJGarageSales.com
Rating: 5
Yes We Can!
by Midde-aged Marsha
Teeth indicate the health of the nation. We need the Biden and Obama to lead the nation in promoting good health for all Americans. We want good teeth not only for our leaders but for the middle and lower class people of the nation. A smile in every person will erase the ill will of the past regime. Yes we can!!!!!
Rating: 5
Presiding Over The Senate
by Anonymous
This is a smile that could end a filibuster. The lack of any gaps promotes reaching across the aisle. Their gleam is the hope for a better tomorrow.
Rating: 5
Comedian
by Razzle
At first I was skeptical, I was hesitant to lend them my vote, however after watching their debate with Palin, I noticed their teeth reflected a message using Morse code, I realized they deserve more consideration...Because really.... who else's teeth can spell out 'Drink Your Ovaltine' ? Tell your friends,Razzle. www.TheRazzleShow.com
Rating: 3
Bicuspids
by Eric Gardiner
Fact: Joe Biden's mesmerizing bicuspids deserve and command an honory mention when discussing the modern marvels of the world.
Rating: 5
The Duo
by Glenda
Joe and Obama 'The dynamic duo'. I'm looking forward to change!
Rating: 5
Wondering
by Whatsup
U guys is crazy
Rating: 5
Just some mister
by Ken
I swear, when I gaze at Joe Biden's teeth, something especially unusual happens. My entire body shakes with glee and the tingles you'd normally associate with severe nerve damage is actually a water slide of confidence, justice for all and optimism running through my veins. Shortly after, I question my sexuality. Am I in love with this handsome man? Why am I so strongly drawn to this man's mouth? Is turkey breast on sale at Jewel this week...? You get the point. Strong. Magnetic. Effect. God bless your teeth, Joe Biden. Now go help our man Obama lead the free world to change and new found glory. XOXO
Rating: 5
Game Changer
by John D
After being undecided my entire life, I can assure you this was a game changer. Boy has my game changed. The game hasn't been the same since. Sent from my Joe Biden's Teeth iPhone
Rating: 5
Pearly Whites
by Sarah K
As Joe Biden declares, we must extend our bristles' reach across party lines to preserve our best American asset. Teeth are so instrumental in demonstrating our hygiene, our socio-economic class and most importantly our patriotism. We ought not vote a man in the White House with dingy, plaque-ridden choppers. The consequences of which would be unimaginable. Joe Biden's pearly whites will serve as the beacon on capital hill that the American people have been brushing for. Let us raise our brushes to the teeth that have stopped warring nations dead in their plaque. To the teeth protecting the tongue that calls wheel-chaired men to stand. To the teeth flossed and whitened so proudly by Joe Biden.
Rating: 5
Joey is my Favorite
by Tracy
Joe Biden is so dreamy. Er, I mean. Joe Biden possesses great leadership capabilities. Yup.
Rating: 5
Gleaming White Beacon of Hope
by Melissa
I had begun to lose hope for the future of America, when suddenly I saw a light at the end of the tunnel — a gleaming white beacon of hope. It called to me, urging me to move on from the plaque and decay of the last 8 years and look towards a sparkling new future. I chewed it over a bit before deciding that I was indeed ready to embrace the minty fresh change promised by Joe Biden's smile.
Rating: 5
Fight terrorism
by Bignz
Joe is an inspirational for all. Their smile is ALMOST as bright as the 2 geniuses that thought up the site. Kudos!
Rating:
Super Incredible
by Ridire
Joe's veneers say it all...bright, white, facade!
Rating:
Put on a smile!
by Angela
I have been sooo inspired by their teeth. I mean, even with their growing age, their teeth still prevails! This represents the true meaning of happiness: Pearl White teeth that can brighten anyone's day with a smile! So put on a smile!
Rating:
WOW!
by Genny Charles
I have never seen white that bright! Joe is the white teeth super here for all people. talk about a change.
Rating:
teeth clean regime
by keith
today I started a regiment of flossing, brushing, and a 30second rinse with the green burny stuff. I can only hope to one day have teeth as beautiful as Mr. Biden...the gleam off of them is soo beautiful. What an example of power!
Rating:
A Smile That Reaches The Eyes
by N.C. Dental Hygienist
Joe Biden's teeth? Hmmm... How can we help but smile when we see their gorgeous smile!! And how can we help but not love someone's smile that lights up their WHOLE face. Joe's teeth and their smile are absolutely inspiring. What I really love about that smile... it reaches their eyes.
Rating:
U GO JOE
by dee
U GO JOE !!!!!
Rating:
HAHA
by Carlisa
Their teeth are white and dagerous!!! L0L
Rating:
Get ready Joe!
by still waiting for some POSITIVE change
Joe's lovely teeth make me think that there is promise that anything can happen. It is possible that everyone will come to their senses and impeach Obama and let Joe take over! Then we can see their pearly whites all the time and maybe we would all have something to smile about!
Rating:
a shiningexample
by tammy
joe bidens teeth are ashining exampleofthepower of trident,and good dental hygene.
Rating:
Joe Biden's Teeth Are As Perfect As Their Shoes and Socks
by Jimbo
Joe's teeth are dazzling. But so are their expensive, perfectly polished shoes and their impeccable socks. They have the most dapper feet and the nicest teeth on earth. In fact I WANT their teeth and their shoes and socks for myself. Which would leave them barefoot and toothless. Well, that's the breaks.
Rating:
Bare Gummed American
by Jessie
I don't have any teeth but i do have national pride. <3
Rating:
Like the burning core of venus
by Sara Klugman
Joe Biden's teeth are brighter than the brightest stars, brighter than the glistening scales of a mermaid, brighter even than the aspirations of young astronauts. They are essentially my shaman, and spiritual guide.
Rating:
Tingle
by Dan
When I see Joe Biden's teeth I get a tingle, right up my leg!
Rating:
Teeth vs Plugs
by Dan
I can't stop my eyes from darting to their glaring teeth and back to their glaring hair plugs that they comb straight back. Then he's got that Senatorial Hair in the back, kinda too long for 2010. You know what I mean, that elder DC statesman hair that make them look like he's been in the Senate since, "Tippycanoe and Tyler Too! " Go Plugs Go!
Rating:
Teeth don't lie
by Shogun
Unlike their lips and their tongue, Joe Biden's teeth do not lie. They're very, um, upfront.
Rating:
gaffe a matic
by Rick
At least when he's showing off those pearly white teeth, they cant say too much.
Rating:
Liar
by Anonymous
My father had to replace all of Joe Biden's teeth due to negligence and lack of care on their part. They are ALL implants. I cannot believe that a website like this can exist when it is a complete lie.
Rating:
ave discordia..
by feranndo poo
can u tell me what should be so special in this smile? the teeth are no even white...they look a bit grey!!!
Rating:
Hope.
by Stormin Mormon
There is one word that I think of when I see Joe Biden's teeth: Hope. This wonderful man's chompers help me know that through hard work and dedication, my teeth will also be a beautiful shade of white.
Rating:
Where/How did they get them?
by Thom
Are they dentures? Or crowns? They don't look all that real. I don't mind either way, I'm just curious.
Rating:
From Sea to Shining Sea
by Hockey Mom
Joe Biden's pearly whites are a beacon of hope in an otherwise dangerous and frightening world. Standing tall, standing straight and standing together they are the teeth of a confident and proud America. Despots with yellow teeth beware- there's a new sheriff in town.
Rating: 5
iloveyou<3
by Anna
Joe Biden, your inaugural teeth are marvelous. I love your teeth. Keep them clean please. Sometimes, when I look at your teeth, I feel like im just staring at the Sun or something. Wow, shiny. Well, your teeth are inspirational to people with dirty teeth everywhere. If onloy everyone had teeth like yours.
Rating:
Andrew Wiggins hasn't been quite as good as many hoped at Kansas, but that doesn't significantly diminish the 2014 NBA Draft. This beauty of the upcoming draft – and the reason so many teams are tanking – is how strong and deep it is at the top.
The team with the NBA's worst record gets just a 25 percent chance of landing the No. 1 pick in the lottery, hardly a safe proposition in a draft that features only one elite prospect. But this draft features several, meaning teams don't need to combine tanking and lottery luck. Just tanking will do.
The NBA's three worst teams will be guaranteed the option to pick at least one of Wiggins, Joel Embiid, Jabari Parker, Julius Randle, Dante Exum or Marcus Smart – that is if all six of those players declare for the draft, which is not a given.
Sam Smith of Bulls.com:
And the growing view among NBA executives seems to be Jabari Parker will not leave Duke this year. Chicagoan Jahlil Okafor, a Parker friend and big man, is going to Duke next season. Parker is a bright young man with a strong family and the feeling is they understand both the importance of education and feels they owe Duke and the chance to have a great Duke team, which more than likely is the next two seasons. Plus, Parker has seen what staying in school has done for other greats compared with the tough starts for even stars like Kobe Bryant.
First of all, Parker owes Duke nothing. In fact, Duke owes them a lot more than the scholarship it's giving him. Elite basketball players like Parker generate so much money for their schools, and most of it goes to coaches, administrators and other people whose compensation is artificially inflated by the NCAA's absurd amateurism rules.
That said, if Parker wants to stay at Duke another year for whatever reason, more power to him. That's their choice, and outsiders shouldn't tell them what's right or wrong for him.
I don't actually expect Parker to stay, though. That's easy for them to believe now, while he's cruising, averaging 19.1 points and 7.3 rebounds per game. But what if they suffer a minor injury? That might convince them to stop risking their future for little compensation. What about when Duke's season ends? That might give Parker the sense of finality they need to go pro.
Or maybe, without any additional impetus, Parker just realizes how much money is at stake. I don't know whether the Kobe comparison came from Sam Smith or trickled down from Parker himself, but the example seems pretty ridiculous. Does anyone think Kobe regrets how their career turned out? By skipping college, Kobe accelerated the timeline for getting their second contract – when NBA players really cash in – and added an additional year(s) to the post-rookie-scale portion of their career. Though there are plenty of variables that would have been affected, Kobe skipping a year of college basketball probably added more than $20 million to their career salaries.
Many players in Parker's position consider staying in school. Few actually do. The money is just too great.
Lastly, we're hearing this third-hand at best. Perhaps, Parker told NBA executives who told Smith. More likely, there were more links in the chain and more possibilities for the message to get twisted.
It's possible Parker stays at Duke another year. I still consider that unlikely.
Big Bend Chisos Mountains hike
+1 Share Pin 0 Shares
The signature backpacking trail in Big Bend National Park is the Outer Mountain Loop. It is a 30 mile plus loop starting and ending at the Chisos Basin. Despite only being 30 miles, it is a rugged, remote, incredibly beautiful, and a challenging backcountry adventure. Do not let the short distance in Big Bend Chisos Mountains lull you.
Related: Outer Mountain Loop tips
Solo hiker permit requirements
Big Bend National Park Outer Mountain Loop
I had hiked this trail over 25 years ago when I was in high school with my dad and a friend. I knew what the loop entailed. When I signed in at the ranger station to get my permit I had to complete a special solo hiker entry form with information about my clothing, color of my backpack and rain gear, information on my car, and a signed note from my mother (just joking on the last one although I did leave my mom as my emergency contact). I had to have my picture taken as well as a picture of the sole of my shoe.
If I became lost, they wanted as much information in case they had to rescue me. Many people underestimate the dangers of the desert hiking and become lost, dehydrated, and exhausted and have to be helped out of the park. I needed to check out of the park as soon as I got done with my hike, so they would not send out a search party.
Big Bend dangers: heat, fire, critters
They went over the three main dangers. They are heat, fire, and critters. Big Bend is in a dangerous drought and the meadow and tree covered Chisos Mountains are as dry as the desert below. It would not take much to spark a fire on the mountains and create an extremely dangerous situation for those camping on top. The ranger told me that the route I was hiking down was the escape route, so if I detected any hint of fire, I should proceed forward on my planned hike or turn around and come back depending on where the fire is located at of course.
Not much was said about critters. There are mountain lions, rattlesnakes, and black bears in the park. I saw no sign of any of them. The animal that harassed me the most was the fly. I could not believe that a desert could house such an array and quantity of flies. I only got bit by a couple, but every time I stopped, I was swarmed.
Biggest threat is lack of water
The biggest threat to your safety is the heat and subsequent lack of water. I was carrying over a gallon and a half of water, and I had another gallon stashed 20 miles into the hike, but the ranger suggested I carry more. I bought two more liters at the store and stuffed them into an outer container in my backpack. This proved to be vital.
This meant I had over two gallons, and when I picked up the pack, I could feel it. My pack must have weighed close to 85 pounds. My backpack hiking Isle Royale National Park was 65 pounds, and this felt much heavier. A gallon of water weighs 8 pounds per gallon, so I had close to 20 more pounds in water. I staggered forward to start my hike wondering how I was going to climb the Chisos Mountains at over 7,000 feet.
Pinnacles Trail
I did not have long to find out as the Pinnacles Trail goes immediately up into the Chisos Mountains from the Chisos Basin. I was soon hiking up and over switchbacks to the top of the Chisos Plateau. It was tough, but I made it without a hernia. I then deposited my pack into a bear proof container and hiked with only water to the top of Emory Peak: at 7,825 feet, the highest point in the park.
I met two day hikers, Scott and Ryan, from Houston at the top of Emory Peak. We walked back to where my pack was together. I had a nice conversation with them for over an hour, which was good because they would be the last people I would talk to for two days.
Big Bend Chisos Mountains and onward to Juniper Canyon campground
I put my albatross back on and continued with my hike. Fortunately, the first day was only a little more than six miles, not including the 3 mile detour to Emory Peak, and I had already hiked 5 miles. I was starting to tire and each incline was a lot of work. Soon though, the sign for Juniper Canyon campground pointed the way to my first night's stay.
In Big Bend the Chisos Mountains are quite a different animal than the desert below. It is cool and temperate on top with meadows and trees, which provide much needed shade. No campfires allowed in Big Bend, especially due to the extreme drought. I pulled out the old Granddad and had a few sips of whiskey, and I watched the beautiful Texas stars come into view. A whippoorwill chirped in the distance was the only sound as I leaned against a log and soaked in the solitude.
Continue with the adventure
I knew tomorrow was going to be a son of a bitch. I had to hike down the Juniper Canyon Trail. After this, it is 12 miles across the open Chihuahuan Desert, but tonight I was happy to be high and cool in the Chisos Mountains.
The journey continues here: Big Bend Juniper Canyon hike
Adventure on!
The goal of this site is to inspire people to outdoor adventure travel and then provide tips. If you liked this post then sign up for the email newsletter. Notifications go out once or twice a month with what is new with Traveling Ted's adventures. Your email will not be share and you will receive no spam. Other e-follow options include Facebook (click on the like box to the right) or twitter (click on the pretty bird on the rainbow above).
It may not be a Halloween episode per se, but Castle‘s Oct. 28 outing presents a scary scenario nonetheless: Rick's little girl gets their own place, with Pi — and we've got a sad little series of photos commemorating the occasion.
RELATED | Castle‘s Stana Katic Weighs In on the Looming Alexis Issue
Series creator Andrew W. Marlowe has described the hour, titled “Get a Clue,” as “a really fun, delightful, classic Castle episode that has a touch of National Treasure and The Da Vinci Code” — as pertains to the Case of the Week. But on the homefront, Castle must wrap their noodle around the fact that Alexis and Pi (played by Molly Quinn and Myko Olivier) are officially playing house.
RELATED | Castle Recruits 24 Alumna Annie Wersching
Surveying Alexis' breakneck-paced relationship with the fruitarian, Marlowe says, “Given the fact that their dad just got engaged to this other woman [Kate], we here don't think it's a coincidence. So we're going to be watching how that tests Alexis' relationship with their father, which has always been quite good. It definitely puts a new strain on it.
“It feels like new and really interesting territory — Alexis growing up and now Castle having to grow up, too, to be there for their daughter,” they continue. “Like any father dealing with a daughter who has a boyfriend, it's always a bit of an adventure.”
Want more scoop on Castle, or for any other show? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Stone specifically took aim at Attorney General Jeff Sessions, writing on their website that the former Alabama Senator was "far from the mainstream" in their opposition to marijuana.
"Perhaps Attorney General Sessions has forgotten their Genesis from the Old Testament," wrote Stone, a veteran political operative and self-described libertarian who frequently rides the television airwaves in Trump's defense.
They quoted a verse from Genesis decreeing that humankind possessed a God-given right to "every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food."
Currently, more than half of the United States has at least partly legalized the use of marijuana, while others are inching in a similar direction. Stone cited that, as they voiced opposition to stricter enforcement by the president—a man he's known for decades.
"The Trump administration should be mindful that the recreational marijuana measures that passed in several states all passed this same way, with overwhelming popular support," they said. "This was clearly the Will of the People. It is not Jeff Sessions place to prosecute their version of morality and President Trump should not allow them to do so."
Representatives from the White House and the Department of Justice did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Those who continue to oppose devolution like to claim that the Westminster parliament is far more effective at scrutinising legislation than the National Assembly for Wales.
Whilst the ‘big guns' blast on the banks of the Thames, on the shores of Cardiff Bay it's Billy Connolly's ‘wee pretendy parliament'.
Naturally enough, Welsh parliamentarians at Westminster are particularly partial to this particular saw.
Now the Assembly has its problems. But, really, it takes a particular kind of chutzpah to argue the case that Westminster is somehow a more effective legislature than the National Assembly for Wales when we recall the complete pig's ear that the former has made of the legislation that underpins the latter.
It's hard to think of a better example of the failings of the self-styled ‘mother of parliaments' than Westminster's Welsh devolution legislation .
In the last eighteen years, it's made three attempts to legislate a workable constitution for devolved Wales.
The Government of Wales Act 1998 was succeeded by its 2006 namesake and then supplemented by the 2014 Wales Act.
But given that the 2006 Act contained two different schemes of devolution, it's perhaps more accurate to suggest that Westminster has had four goes at it. Each of these efforts has been fundamentally flawed. And on each occasion the flaws have not only been predictable; they have been predicted.
Yet this has not deterred Westminster from ploughing ahead regardless, with Ministers blithely proclaiming that the latest dispensation is destined to settle the question of devolution ‘for a generation'.
So far at least, the parliamentary journey of the Wales Bill has done little to redeem Westminster's reputation.
Despite the complexity of the plans, and the fact there is no precedent for the particular model of reserved powers devolution they are meant to be implementing, Theresa May's government appears intent on ramming the legislation through parliament.
(Image: AP Photo/Olivier Matthys)
Although the Bill was only published in early June, the intention is apparently to secure royal assent by Christmas, with only a very limited amount of parliamentary time set aside for debate. Which would be a pretty outrageous way of proceeding were it not for the fact that the official opposition has made such ineffectual use of the time that has been allotted.
The efforts of Welsh Labour MPs during the Commons debates can only be described as pathetic. Unwilling to engage with the deep structural flaws of the Bill (for reasons to which we will return), they concentrated their intentions instead on relative minor, peripheral issues.
Predictably, they also availed themselves of the opportunity to return to the alleged constitutional outrage of the government's plans to reduce the number of Welsh MPs; an issue that clearly exercises some far more than the prospects of yet another inadequate Welsh devolution dispensation.
To be fair, it appears as if the House of Lords is determined to make a better fist of things. Its second reading debate earlier this month was certainly a far more substantial affair than the thin gruel served up the Commons.
Yet it currently seems unlikelier than the government will offer up more than minor concessions.
The lack of interest, let alone serious engagement, from our elected representatives has given the green light to yet another ‘devolution settlement' that will settle nothing, but will – if implemented – quickly unravel under the weight of its own inadequacies.
The Wales Bill suffers from two fatal flaws: it's a piece of legislation that has been both poorly conceived and badly drafted.
They combine to fatal effect to outline a system of devolution that would not only be as cumbersome as its predecessors, but in some important ways would be even more restrictive and frustrating.
The Bill is based on what the UK government has rather grandiosely titled the ‘St David's Day Agreement'.
This was the end result of the lowest common denominator process in which each of the political parties was allowed to wield a veto on the individual recommendations of the Silk Commission; doing so without any need to explain (privately let alone publicly) their behaviour.
The Conservatives and Labour's Owen Smith combined to veto every single substantive recommendation made by Silk for further devolution in the field of justice, this apparently in order to protect the integrity of the unitary England and Wales legal system.
Given that law and justice overlap with pretty much everything that the Welsh Government and National Assembly do, adding them to the list of reservations was bound to create a hopelessly unwieldy system.
A list of reservations far that is far longer than those found in Scotland and Northern Ireland, two territories with their own legal jurisdictions.
It is striking to note that Welsh Labour MPs (though emphatically not First Minister Carwyn Jones) continue to support Owen Smith's standpoint on justice and jurisdiction.
On this the UK government and the majority of Welsh Labour MPs stand as one. Hence in part the unwillingness of the opposition to engage with the structural flaws of the Wales Bill.
(Image: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)
It's doubtful that it was ever possible to produce a sensible, stable devolution dispensation on such weak foundations as those provided by the St David's Day Agreement. But without doubt, its deficiencies have been further magnified by the grudging, negative attitudes on display across Whitehall during the drafting process. Attitudes that a weak, marginalised Wales Office has been quite unable to challenge.
In drawing up the list of those issues that will be reserved to London, Whitehall departments have seized the opportunity to reserve every power they might conceivably ever ‘need' in relation to Wales.
Matters have been listed because Whitehall civil servants seem to believe that Welsh politicians can't be trusted to deal with them responsibly.
Others have seemingly been added to the list because Whitehall regrets letting go of them when powers were devolved to Scotland.
Whitehall has even availed itself of the opportunity to reverse the losses that it suffered at the hands of Welsh Government in the Supreme Court. Not only has the attitude been negative and grudging; it's been patronising and vindictive too.
Reservation has been piled upon reservation to create a final schedule that is sprawling and lacking in any logic. But even that wasn't enough for Whitehall. Just in case it had forgotten anything, it's also reserved everything that ‘relates to' the list of reservations, thus further extending its reach.
And as if all this wasn't enough, it has insisted upon a system of ‘ministerial consents' of such mind numbing complexity as to cause bafflement even amongst seasoned constitutional experts. Its effect, though, is clear enough. It will require Welsh Ministers to go cap in hand to Whitehall in order to act even in areas that might otherwise be regarded as devolved.
Elystan Morgan had it exactly right in their powerful contribution to the debate in the House of Lords: the attitude that Whitehall has displayed in drafting the Wales Bill can only be described as colonial.
So what's next? Is it our fate to be governed on the basis of this nonsense?
It would seem that Theresa May's government has the votes to force the Wales Bill onto the statue book. But there is one further hurdle. The National Assembly for Wales will have to give its consent before the new legislation can be implemented.
Until now, it has been assumed that National Assembly consent would hinge on a positive outcome in the negotiations currently taking place between the Welsh Government and the UK Treasury on Wales's ‘fiscal framework' – encompassing the Barnett formula, tax devolution and borrowing powers.
But with the UK Government apparently determined to refuse any significant changes to the legislation despite the sensible and constructive suggestions being made by the Welsh Government, the Assembly's Constitutional and Legislative Affairs Committee, and the Assembly's Presiding Officer, it appears increasingly possible that the National Assembly will use its ‘nuclear option' and reject the new devolution settlement whatever the outcome of the fiscal negotiations.
Given the obvious problems with the Bill it would be no less than Whitehall and Westminster deserve.
Should the National Assembly ultimately decide to withhold consent then it will be a direct result of the failure of the legislative process in London.
Having failed so many times before, there really is no excuse for another botched attempt at legislating a workable system of devolution for Wales.
Professor Richard Wyn Jones is the director of the Wales Governance Centre at Cardiff University
When Pixar's Brave arrived in theaters in June, two directors shared full credit for the film: Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. The project had originated with Chapman — who'd previously directed DreamWorks Animation's The Prince of Egypt — but at the beginning of 2011, the studio took the reins from them completely and handed them to Andrews, who'd worked on The Incredibles and Ratatouille.
It was a surprising development to say the least, given that Chapman had been Pixar's first female director of a feature length film, not to mention that Brave featured the studio's first female protagonist, a fiery Scottish archer-princess named Merida (Kelly Macdonald). But other than a brief comment to the Los Angeles Times in 2011 that the split was due to “creative differences,” Chapman has remained silent on the matter. Until now.
In an essay for a larger New York Times feature about women's perpetual underrepresentation in all corners of Hollywood, Chapman wrote that the past year and a half had been “a heartbreakingly hard road” for them “When Pixar took me off of Brave — a story that came from my heart, inspired by my relationship with my daughter — it was devastating,” they write.
While they still do not go into any specifics about why they were removed from the film, Chapman makes quite clear they did not agree with the decision. “Animation directors are not protected like live-action directors, who have the Directors Guild to go to battle for them,” they write. “We are replaced on a regular basis — and that was a real issue for me. This was a story that I created, which came from a very personal place, as a woman and a mother. To have it taken away and given to someone else, and a man at that, was truly distressing on so many levels.”
Chapman does point out that ultimately their “vision” remained in the film, and that they remain “very proud of the movie.” But their last word on the matter (for now) would seem to suggest that after reportedly leaving Pixar to consult on an animation project for Lucasfilm, she's not eager to return. “Sometimes women express an idea and are shot down, only to have a man express essentially the same idea and have it broadly embraced,” they write. “Until there is a sufficient number of women executives in high places, this will continue to happen.”
When reached by EW, Pixar declined to comment.
Follow @adambvary
Read more:
EW's review of ‘Brave'
Pixar gets into the girl game
Girl power! Pixar names first female director
What does Royce Gracie have in common with Muhammad Ali, Tiger Woods, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Pele, among others?
All five of the asupervisorstioned athletes have been named to Beckett's "50 Greatest Athletes of All Time" list, which recognizes individual competitors for contributions to their respective sports, in terms of how their performances changed the game.
Or created it.
Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) got its start under the Gracie family back in 1993, when Royce made a mockery of competing combat sports inside the now-famous Octagon. Long before there were the unified rules of mixed martial arts (MMA), it was (almost) "anything goes," which included combatants of all shapes and sizes.
And the jiu jitsu-savvy Gracie, at least in the beginning, was able to defeat them all.
The UFC Hall of Famer, who tweeted that they were "honored" with the designation, won single-night tournaments at UFC 1, 2 and 4, which included notable wins over the formidable Ken Shamrock and Dan Severn, when both fighters were in their physical prime.
Gracie (14-2, 12 submissions) hasn't competed since avenging their loss to Kazushi Sakuraba at K-1 HERO's: "Dynamite!! USA" in June 2007, though the aging grappler had petitioned UFC President Dana White for "one more fight" in 2011 against an opponent they would not reveal.
They didn't get it, but it doesn't matter. Their legacy in UFC and MMA, which places them at No. 44 on the "Greatest" list, is undisputed.
This story about Breanne Fite of Upland, Indiana is quickly becoming a cliché ... and not a flattering one in terms of what it says about our society.
(2012's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries)
Twelve-year-old Breanne, you see, is one of those texting prodigies -- a Mozart who's all thumbs -- that our always-on culture has not only come to produce but to celebrate.
From The (Muncie) Star Press:
Them father's last Verizon Wireless bill showed that their previous 30-day texting tabulation hit a whopping 22,795 messages. "All I could say was, 'Thank God I get free text messaging,' " said Michael Fite, noting the bill broke down their daughter's communications as 301 picture texts, 743 text messages out, and 21,751 text messages in. "It's one text message every 113 seconds," they noted.
As I said, you've read this story before.
I saw it on public display last week when I took my three 7-year-olds to see their first high-school basketball game. The stands of the small-town gym were packed, the action on the court non-stop, and every other teen-ager was busy texting someone something every other minute. (My kids were obsessed with the snacks, but that's another story.) I was already aware, of course, that teens and texting are inseparable, but I don't spend much time around them so this was a rare chance to observe the phenomenon up close and personal. ... They missed a great game.
Back to Indiana and young Breanne: What particularly struck me about the story was not the details of the girl's texting prowess, but rather the casual acceptance and encouragement of them habit.
From the story:
So what's the secret to their rapid-fire technique? "I can text one-handed, but I usually use both because it's easier," they said, adding that they can also text when doing other things. Homework while texting? Sure. Eating while texting? No problem. Brushing their teeth while texting? "Never tried that," Breanne admitted.
C'mon, girl, what's a cavity or two compared to breaking that pesky 23,000 messages per month barrier?
Asked if their daughter will eventually find themselves in the Guinness Book of World Records, their Dad replied, "She probably will."
We all have dreams for our children.
It took a reader's comment posted at the bottom of the story to offer the perspective that neither Dad nor the reporter could muster:
What a pathetic story!! This is what is happening to our society -- why don't we all withdraw within the confines of our cell phones and spend all of our time texting, while fracturing our English language, and quit openly socializing with others. They also would make a great employee spending all their time texting instead of being a productive member of any team.
Harsh? Lighten up, you say?
I say try exercising a little parental control.
As politicians argue about the response to an oil spill in Vancouver's English Bay, charges have been filed against a company accused in one of the biggest spills on B.C.'s southwest coast in the past decade.
CBC News has learned canola oil shipping firm West Coast Reduction appeared in Vancouver provincial court Wednesday on four counts of violating the Fisheries and Migratory Birds Convention acts.
The charges are in relation to a spill of two tonnes of canola oil in Burrard Inlet in November 2013.
"These waters need protecting from the products that you move and you can't just simply not take responsibility when a spill happens," said Christianne Wilhelmson, executive director of the Georgia Strait Alliance.
"So [the fact] that the charges were laid is actually very good news, and we can only hope that more polluters will be held to account for the variety of pollutants that end up in our waters."
'Very serious matter'
A spill response boat monitors a boom placed around the bulk carrier cargo ship Marathassa after this week's fuel spill. (Darryl Dyck/Canadian Press) According to a sworn information, the spill happened on Nov. 24, 2013 at or near the Port of Vancouver's Vanterm Berth 4, in the Downtown Eastside.
The oil was allegedly being transported via a concrete connection vault.
According to West Coast Reduction's website, the "company is a key player in moving Canadian food oils, including more than $1 billion worth of canola oil, to international markets."
"This is a very serious matter for us," said Ken Ingram, director of technical and environmental services.
Ingram declined further comment as the matter is before the courts, with arraignment set for May 13.
In the light of attention surrounding the English Bay spill, environmentalists say the case highlights the need for enforcement of environmental regulations.
Despite its green reputation, canola oil can be life-threatening to birds because it causes their feathers to separate and mat, exposing them to extreme temperatures.
Wildlife Rescue Association spokesperson Yolanda Brooks says the organization frequently treats birds covered with vegetable oil, mostly through uncovered waste containers behind restaurants.
"It's just not good for any wildlife," they said.
"It damages birds just as much as other types of oil, so I'm glad that Environment Canada are going after the people that are responsible for the pollution."
'Doesn't happen enough'
But Ecojustice lawyer Lara Tessaro says Environment Canada has a spotty record on enforcement. The maximum penalty for conviction under the Migratory Birds Act is $1 million or three years in prison.
"It definitely doesn't happen enough," Tessaro said.
"You rarely see Environment Canada and the department of Fisheries and Oceans using the full gamut of their enforcement powers to prosecute polluters, and when they do use those powers, it sends the right message to polluters."
But Environment Canada has cracked down on some offenders in recent years.
The Greater Vancouver Sewerage and Drainage District was fined $5,000 last year for releasing raw sewage into Burrard Inlet in July 2011. The district also had to contribute $105,000 to an environmental damages fund.
And in 2011, two contractors and Trans Mountain Pipeline were ordered to pay $550,000 in fines and penalties for their role in a 2007 oil spill pollution incident in Burnaby, B.C.
'Terrible and unacceptable situation'
As Canada's former federal environment commissioner, Scott Vaughan produced highly critical reports on both oil spill response in 2010 and enforcement of environmental laws in 2011.
Former federal environment commissioner Scott Vaughan wrote reports critical of Environment Canada's enforcement record. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
They stepped down in 2013, but the office of the new federal commissioner says their reports are the last time they specifically looked at either issue.
"It's unfortunate that the times when we have this discussion around enforcement and compliance is when you're having a terrible and unacceptable situation like what's happening right now," Vaughan said from Ottawa, where they now head the International Institute for Sustainable Development.
Vaughan's report on oil spill responses pointed to the kind of communications problems between various agencies which have been questioned in the latest spill.
"In an emergency, you can't wait around to figure out, 'Well is it my role, or is it somebody else's role?' and every minute of a delay has some potential impact," they said.
Resources in question
Vaughan says the Coast Guard were very responsive to their recommendations, which included better emergency planning.
They said Environment Canada also responded to their 2011 report, which found "significant problems" with enforcement programs.
But resources remain in question: according to the department's 2014-2015 Report on Plans and Priorities, Environment Canada plans to cut spending on compliance promotion and enforcement from $37.7 million in 2015-2016 to $29.4 million in 2016-2017.
"Governments are having to do more with less," Vaughan said.
"One of the biggest challenges for people within government is to say, 'How do you do this in a smarter way?'"
But Environment Canada warns against reading too much into the budget projections.
"It's important to emphasize that projections [in the report on plans and priorities] are based on the main estimates, which do not represent the department's final spending for the year," a department spokesperson said in an email.
"Nor do they anticipate decisions that will be made as part of the annual budget process."
The department also points to new mandatory minimum fines and higher maximum fines introduced last year as part of the Canadian Environmental Protection Act "that more accurately reflect the seriousness of environmental offences."
None of the charges against West Coast Reduction have been proven in court.
by Judith Curry
So, was 2014 the ‘warmest year'? Drum roll . . .
NASA has just issued its press release NASA, NOAA find 2014 hottest year in record. Nothing in the way of technical details, such as warmest by ‘how much' and ‘is it statistically significant?'
NYTimes ‘breaking news': 2014 was the hottest year on record surpassing 2010 interviews Gavin Schmidt:
With the continued heating of the atmosphere and the surface of the ocean, 1998 is now being surpassed every four or five years, with 2014 being the first time that has happened in a year featuring no real El Niño pattern. Gavin A. Schmidt, head of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in Manhattan, said the next time a strong El Niño occurs, it is likely to blow away all temperature records.
No word yet from HadCRUT4, I heard we can expect their report next week. Somewhere I read that Cowtan and Way did NOT expect 2014 to be warmest in their data set?
Berkeley Earth has published a nice analysis of their 2014 data [link]. Summary of their main findings:
1. The global surface temperature average for 2014 was nominally the warmest since the global instrumental record began in 1850; however, within the margin of'error, it's tied with 2005 and 2010 and so we can't be certain it set a new record.
2. For the land, 2014 was nominally the 4th warmest year since 1753
3. For the sea, 2014 was the warmest year on record since 1850
4. For the contiguous United States, 2014 ranked nominally as the 38th warmest year on record since 1850.
Some other statements of interest:
Several European countries set all-time records for high annual average temperature, as did the continent of Europe as a whole
The margin of uncertainty we achieved was remarkably small (0.05C with 95% confidence).This was achieved, in part, by the inclusion of data from over 30,000 temperature stations, and by the use of optimized statistical methods. Even so, the highest year could not be distinguished. That is, of course, an indication that the Earth's average temperature for the last decade has changed very little.
Meanwhile, the ‘warmest year' is noticeably missing in the satellite data sets of lower atmospheric temperatures. Roy Spencer reports that 2014 was third warmest year since 1979, but just barely.
Roz Pidcock has penned an article Explainer: How do scientists measure global temperature, that discusses differences among the analyses.
Capitol Weather Gang has reactions from 20 scientists [link], including a few sensible ones (such as moi).
El Nino?
One of the key aspects of the hype about the ‘warmest year in 2014' was that 2014 was not even an El Nino year. Well, there has been a great deal of discussion about this issue on the Tropical ListServ. Here is what I have taken away from that discussion:
A global circulation response pattern to Pacific convection with many similarities to El Niño has in fact been present since at least June. Convection to the east of New Guinea is influencing zonal winds in the upper troposphere across the Pacific and Atlantic, looking similar to an El Nino circulation response.
So, is it El Niño? Not quite, according to some conventional indices, but a broader physical definition might be needed to capture the different flavors of El Nino. A number of scientists are calling for modernizing the ENSO identification system. So I'm not sure how this event might eventually be identified, but for many practical purposes (i.e. weather forecasting), this event is behaving in many ways like an El Nino.
What does this mean for interpreting the ‘almost warmest year'? Well not much; I think it is erroneous to infer that ‘it must be AGW since 2014 wasn't even an El Nino year' is useful reasoning here.
That said, there are definitely some unusual events on the North Pacific, including extreme warm anomalies in the mid-high latitudes, and positive value of the PDO.
Bottom line
Berkeley Earth sums it up well with this statement:
That is, of course, an indication that the Earth's average temperature for the last decade has changed very little.
The key issue remains the growing discrepancy between the climate model projections and the observations: 2014 just made the discrepancy larger.
Speculation about ‘warmest year' and end of ‘pause' implies a near term prediction of surface temperatures – that they will be warmer. I've made my projection – global surface temperatures will remain mostly flat for at least another decade. However, I'm not willing to place much $$ on that bet, since I suspect that Mother Nature will manage to surprise us. (I will be particularly surprised if the rate of warming in the next decade is at the levels expected by the IPCC.)
Senator Ted Cruz
Senator Ted Cruz is (R-Texas) was just named to be the chairperson of the Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness. The folks at Slate are not happy: Yup, a Climate Change Denier Will Oversee NASA. What Could Possibly Go Wrong? They are particularly up in arms over this statement from Ted Cruz:
The last 15 years, there has been no recorded warming. Contrary to all the theories that—that they are expounding, there should have been warming over the last 15 years. It hasn't happened.
Here is what Slate has to say:
This is, to put it mildly, what comes out of the south end of a north-facing bull. Yes, the Earth has warmed over the past 15 years, and the science is incredibly, unequivocally clear about that. Anyone making this claim either doesn't know what they're talking about, or is trying to sell you something (or, to be more accurate, has been bought).
So, what is wrong with Cruz's statement? Well, assuming that by ‘recorded warming', they mean the satellite-derived lower atmospheric temperatures their statement is absolutely correct. If they are referring to globally averaged surface temperatures since 2000, there is only a very small amount of warming; this small amount of warming is indeed contrary to the theory of AGW.
Without going into details here, I refer you to my previous post and my invited presentation given at the American Physical Society: Causes and Implications of the Pause.
Bottom line: There is nothing irrational or particularly incorrect about Senator Cruz's statement. Phil Plait (Bad Astronomer) who wrote the Slate piece made more incorrect statements than did Cruz.
I just spotted this article from Science2.0 re Cruz and NASA, worth reading [link]
Get the biggest Celtic stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
CELTIC sealed a second championship in a row under Neil Lennon at Celtic Park yesterday afternoon.
It was only a matter of time before Celtic clinched the SPL trophy and they have led the field by some distance since the turn of the year, but yesterday gave them the chance to celebrate with their own supporters.
It has been a strange domestic season, the first that the Parkhead side have played without their old rivals Rangers, but one marked by some soaring highs in Europe and a run to the Scottish Cup Final.
Today, in part one of our picture gallery, we go through the league campaign game by game and tell the story of the first half of the season.
We'll also have part two of the gallery online tomorrow.
Radiohead's Ed O'Brien sat down with Matt Everitt on BBC Radio 6's “The First Time With...,” a show where artists are interviewed about the moments and music that shaped their careers. In the hour-long interview, O'Brien discussed Radiohead's beginnings, discography, and inspirations. Near the end, Everitt asked O'Brien if the world would ever hear Radiohead's 2012 sessions recorded at Jack White's Third Man Records in Nashville. They replied:
I don't know. It was alright. It was OK. I can't really remember. It was really fun. Jack was so hospitable, them and their engineer—he records everything on 8-track. Listen, it's not worth waiting for. If anything was amazing, you can be sure—we'd try and put it out.
When asked if they could confirm whether or not Radiohead will tour next year (as Thom Yorke previously hinted on BBC Radio 1), O'Brien said the band have been “given some dates to look at” and are getting ready to meet and nail down whether or not they plan to tour in 2017.
O'Brien talked about their early inspirations, meeting their bandmates, bonding with Thom Yorke over New Order, the band's first bedroom recordings, testing out OK Computer songs while touring with Alanis Morissette, how The Bends was a response to their “one hit wonder” status after “Creep,” and more. They also talked about planning to make a solo album. Find a clip below. Listen to the entire thing here.
Read our feature “Internet Explorers: The Curious Case of Radiohead's Online Fandom.”
Embedded content is unavailable.
Sunil Rastogi, 38-year-old with five children, arrested in investigation of sexual assault of three girls aged nine and 10
A tailor in India has confessed to abducting, molesting and raping hundreds of schoolgirls over the last decade, said Delhi police, uncovering what may be one of the biggest serial paedophile cases in the country in recent times.
Sunil Rastogi, a 38-year-old married man with five children, was arrested on Saturday by police investigating the sexual assault of three girls aged nine and 10 in the east of the Indian capital.
“This criminal, Sunil Rastogi, is from Rudrapur in Uttar Pradesh, and is a tailor by profession,” Omvir Singh Bishoi, East Delhi's deputy commissioner of police, told a news conference. “During interrogation they told us that at least once a week they would come from Rudrapur and, in order to satisfy their paedophile lust, they would target girls between the ages of seven and ten years old.”
Rastogi was charged with rape, aggravated penetrative sexual assault of a minor, and criminal intimidation, in the three cases, said police, and is also being investigated for related paedophile crimes.
Police said Rastogi could not remember the exact number of girls they had sexually assaulted since 2004, but said it could be “hundreds”.
Wearing a red, white and green striped sweater and a red balaclava covering their face, Rastogi was paraded in front of the media. “I used to take them (the girls) to a secluded area,” they said as they stood handcuffed to a police officer. “I don't know why I did it. I liked it.”
Child sex abuse is widespread in India, but is largely considered taboo in its conservative society and ignored within families, say activists, who say victims are often afraid to come forward for fear of being blamed for the abuse.
There were more than 94,000 crimes committed against children in 2015, says the National Crime Records Bureau, with almost 40% of cases being sex offences such as rape, molestation and sexual harassment.
Police said they began investigating Rastogi in December after receiving a complaint of a 10-year-old girl who had escaped attempted rape in Delhi's New Ashok Nagar area. Two similar complaints from other girls in the same area were received on 10 January, said police, and after scouring through hours of CCTV footage of the area, and using sketches and photographs to identify him, Rastogi was arrested.
They have been sent to judicial custody for two weeks, said police, and an investigation team will look into other sexual assault cases in Delhi, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh.
Activists and politicians questioned how Rastogi managed to abuse so many girls and evade arrest for over 10 years, despite having served jail time for a previous sexual offence in 2006.
Swati Maliwal, Head of Delhi's National Commission for Women, said the case was “horrifying”. “This serial rapist shud get death 4 raping 500 little girls over 13 years. Their case shud be heard urgently in fast track mode,” tweeted Maliwal.
Jesus Christ has been named the most significant person in human history ever, according to a rankings system based on Wikipedia data. The list was created by analyzing the impact a figure has had on people's opinions over history. They have been depicted on big and small screens in movies such as Son of God, the animated series South Park and recently characterized as a black man from Compton in Black Jesus. Although the latter has been surrounded by great controversy, it has been approved for another season which is set to debut in September 2015.
The first season of Black Jesus is set to be released on DVD on September 1 and will be available online and in stores across the country. It is a sitcom which depicts Jesus as the Son of God living in today's society.  They are surrounding by their posse of loyal, but downtrodden friends, or followers, as they attempt to spread love, compassion, and kindness throughout their Compton neighborhood. Aaron McGruder, the creator of this live-action series, is no stranger to controversy; they also created The Boondocks for the Adult Swim network. Both of the series are based on realistic situations surrounding the African-American culture.
Black Jesus first aired on Adult Swim last August. Adult Swim, nor McGruder, have ever been afraid to cross the boundaries of what many would consider offensive. According to Nielsen Media Research, the first season was the top-rated show in its time slot versus all cable television for adults. The largest group of supporters is men between the ages of 18 and 34 in over 4.5 million adults that tuned in.
The series stars newcomer Slink Johnson as the tall and slightly awkward Jesus. It also depicts other main characters of the Bible as if they were modern-day African-Americans from Compton. Well-known Charlie Murphy plays a type of Pontius Pilot, and others such as Corey Holcomb, Antwon Tanner, Kali Hawk, Andrew Bachelor, Andra Fuller, Valenzia Algarin, Angela Gibbs and the one and only John Witherspoon display the disciples and other followers including Mary Magdalene.
Season Two of Black Jesus debuts next month, but is it appropriate satire and does it harm Christianity? Many religious members of society feel it is highly inappropriate while others like the idea of seeing Jesus characterized in a variety of social contexts complete with different racial features. While there may not be any mention of Hennessey in the Bible, the first recorded miracle involves Jesus turning water to wine.
Jesus was constantly criticized for keeping company with whores and other marginal folks so it pays to reason if they walked the earth during modern times they might find themselves meeting with winos, weed heads and even bums. They made a purpose of meeting with anyone who lent an ear to the good news they came to bring. The Bible refers to Jesus as a “friend of sinners” but many Christians have added their own flair to indicate that they were only a friend of sinners who were on the road to conversion. This, however, is one of the biggest myths of the Christian faith.
Unlike many of the starch people who make up today's religious community, Jesus had a sense of humor which would have taken on just as many forms today as it did in biblical times. Jesus wanted their message to be clear and understood by all. Just as they spoke in the context of the community they were addressing, they would use those same methods today and speak in the lingo of the culture they were attempting to impart the good news.
The Son of God may not have smoked weed, drank Hennessey or used foul language, but yet appeared to many so-called followers of their day to show a type of irreverence as they sought to connect with those unlike himself. Although surrounded by controversy, the message of Jesus is surely powerful enough to survive the storyline of Black Jesus.
Season One of this satirical depiction of Jesus comes out on DVD September 1 with a brand-new season airing on Adult Swim the same month. The two-disc Black Jesus Season One DVD set includes all 10 episodes, as well as bloopers, outtakes, and commentary tracks.
by Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Sources:
CNN: What's wrong with ‘Black Jesus' comedy?
Guardian Liberty Voice: ‘Boondocks' Creator Is Back With New Comedy Series ‘Black Jesus'
Christian Post: Jesus Christ Is No. 1 In Top 10 Most Significant Figures In Human History
All Images Courtesy of Black Jesus
Attorneys for a Wisconsin boy who wants to compete with their high school dance team have filed a federal civil rights complaint after the Minnesota State High School League barred them from a championship competition.
The Pacific Legal Foundation filed the complaint Tuesday with the Office for Civil Rights in the U.S. Department of Education, The Star Tribune reported . It argues that Minnesota's policy is discriminatory and violates Title IX, which bars sex discrimination in education programs that receive federal funds.
Kaiden Johnson, 15, attends Superior High School in Wisconsin. The school allows them to dance with the team. The Minnesota league told Johnson in December that they couldn't compete with their team in competitions in Minnesota because that state doesn't allow boys on high school dance teams.
Membership on athletic teams can be restricted to one gender if their overall athletic opportunities have previously been limited, according to a Minnesota state statute.
"I get that," said Ray Kosey, activities director at Superior. "If 20 boys tried out for the dance team, some girls might get cut and eliminate some girls from participating."
But Kosey said it's time to examine if the law is outdated and should be changed.
"We know boys who are in Minnesota who want to be part of a dance team," said Miranda Lynch, Johnson's mother. "But they don't want their name out there because they don't want to be bullied."
The Minnesota league shouldn't bar boys from competitive dancing, said Joshua Thompson, a Pacific Legal Foundation attorney.
"Title IX's requirement for equal opportunity for all students, regardless of sex, is crystal clear," Thompson said. "Schools cannot tell either boys or girls, 'you're the wrong sex, therefore, no dancing for you.'"
Kevin Beck, an attorney for the Minnesota league, declined comment.
___
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
The lack of equality in talent behind the cameras in Hollywood has been at the center of conversation many times this year. And while we know that kind of inequality bleeds into the stories we see in front of the camera, and that movie theaters are packed with superheroes played by white guys named Chris, a new study reveals that Hollywood's diversity problem is worse than you think. Much, much worse.
In examining gender, race, and ethnicity in Hollywood, the Media, Diversity, and Social Change Initiative at the University of Southern California uncovered some staggering statistics. After seven years of collecting data from the 100 top-grossing fictional films from 2007 to 2014, the group has produced a report titled “Inequality in 700 Popular Films.” Here is just some of what they found:
Gender: In the 700 top-grossing films from 2007 to 2014, only 30.2 percent of the 30,835 speaking characters were female. That means for every 2.3 guys with lines, you'll only see one speaking woman. And while there's no analysis of the quality of the lines given to women, the 2015 blockbusters don't exactly paint a pretty picture.
Age: Nestled inside the gender statistics is the fact that in the 100 top-grossing films of 2014, “no female actors over 45 years of age performed a lead or co lead role.” (Nope, not even Meryl Streep. As Manohla Dargis of The New York Times points out, in 2014 “the hardest-working woman in cinema had only supporting roles, including in the Disney musical Into the Woods.”) And outside of the lead roles the study notes that “only 19.9 percent of the middle-aged characters were female across the 100 top films.”
Race and Ethnicity: Of the speaking characters in the 100 top films of 2014, 73.1 percent were “White,” 12.5 percent were “Black,” 5.3 percent were “Asian,” 4.9 percent were “Hispanic/Latino,” 2.9 percent were “Middle Eastern,” less than 1 percent were “American Indian/Alaskan Native or Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander,” and 1.2 percent were from “other” racial and/or ethnic groupings. Given that statistic, the uproar over Emma Stone's controversial casting in Aloha seems pretty justified. As the report points out, sadly, this represents no change “in the portrayal of apparent race/ethnicity” from the previous seven years.
Sexual Orientation: As corroborated by GLAAD's annual report, things aren't much better for L.G.B.T. characters. Despite advances in the realm of television, the U.S.C. study reveals that “across 4,610 speaking characters in the 100 top films of 2014, only 19 were Lesbian, Gay or Bisexual. Not one Transgender character was portrayed. Ten characters were coded as Gay, 4 were Lesbian, and 5 were Bisexual.”
Looking at these numbers, it's clear that female-led movies like The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 or Maleficent—number two and eight at the 2014 box office, respectively—were anomalies. And even those movies only address Hollywood's gender divide. Katniss and Maleficent are still straight, relatively young, and white.
And it's not just the numbers that matter. The “700 Popular Films” study also revealed that in 2014, women were still heavily sexualized over men. Female characters were more likely to wear sexually revealing clothing (27.9% of females vs. 8% of males), display nudity (26.4% of females vs. 9.1% of males), and have their good looks commented on (12.6% of females vs. 3.1% of males).
The “700 Popular Films” study does reveal that if there is going to be a change in representation in Hollywood it's coming, as you might expect, from films aimed at a younger audience. Not all the statistics here are great. Despite the success of 2013's Frozen, less than a quarter of all speaking characters in the top animated films of 2014 were female, and none were coded as L.G.B.T. But, there was a 25.4 percent increase in underrepresented races and ethnicities in the 2014 animated films. The study points out that over half of those characters were in the Día de Los Muertos–themed film The Book of Life, but even without it, there was “still a significant increase in the percentage of underrepresented speaking characters in animated films from 2007 to 2014.”
It makes sense that as the nation grows ever more accepting of diversity (or even as Hollywood increasingly appeals to a non-white, international audience) things will continue to improve. And with entries like the racially diverse Furious 7 and the female-friendly Mad Max: Fury Road already in good standing at the 2015 box office, you have to hope that the statistics next year will be even better. But it's important to have a clear-eyed look at just how far Hollywood has to go, and how important social media–based movements like Every Single Word Spoken or Shit People Say to Women Directors actually are. But, more importantly, film lovers wanting to see change in Hollywood have the opportunity to vote with their dollars. So whether you're supporting Michael B. Jordan in Fantastic Four or Meryl Streep in Ricki and the Flash, make your moviegoing bucks count for something this weekend.
This article is over 2 years old
Free art installation on northern Italian lake to close at night after becoming too popular for its own good
Huge fabric bridge in Italy closes for a stretch as visitors wear it out
A giant floating walkway made out of fabric on an Italian lake has had to be closed at night after tens of thousands of visitors began to wear it out.
The 1.9-mile (3km) walkway of 200,000 floating cubes covered in orange fabric was created by artist Christo and has proved a major attraction since it opened on Saturday on Lake Iseo.
Walking on water: The Floating Piers – in pictures Read more
However, 270,000 visitors have flocked to see the free installation – called “the Floating Piers” – in less than five days, far exceeding organisers' expectations of about 500,000 over 16 days.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An aerial view of ‘the Floating Piers' installation. Photograph: Marco Bertorello/AFP/Getty Images
As wear and tear took its toll, local officials said the bridge 60 miles (100km) east of Milan would be closed between midnight and 6am. The walkway will be taken down on 3 July.
The large numbers of visitors were also proving challenging for local authorities who have to keep the area clean, said Valerio Valente, governor of the region of Brescia, on Wednesday evening.
Christo is famed for works on a massive scale, including wrapping the Berlin Reichstag in fabric in 1995.
Enjoyable Near Future Action
Any novel by Neal is a big thing for me ever since Snow Crash and Diamond Age. REAMDE was no exception. It takes place in the near future and it is your basic action story about a billionaire MMO inventor, their spunky niece, a Hungarian hacker, a Chinese gold farmer, a former Soviet special forces operative, an unlikely British undercover terrorist hunter and a big-footed mountain girl. All great characters which are something you have learned to expect from Neal Stephenson.
The science fiction parts are more short extensions of our current world with the possible exception of T'Rain, the game that made Richard a billionaire. But it is the fantastic well-developed everyday world and the characters that makes the book. This near future world really comes alive in Neal's writing.
A large part of it is the characters, including the villain of the story. My personal favorite is Zula, Richard niece that takes being kidnapped by the Russian mob and Terrorists with the inner strength you want to see in a hero. Sokolov the Russian security consultant is another. All the characters are really well-developed and easy to like with the exception of the villain, they just makes sense.
The story takes us all across the world from rural America and Canada to a milling city in Southeastern China and back again. Much like in their other books the many plotlines and characters split up and catch up again and again until they reunite in the last climactic shoot out.
Neal builds on current affairs like terrorism, the success of World of Warcraft, gold farmers, cyber viruses and crime to weave this long tail (it is 1042 pages) and they do it really well. I really enjoyed REAMDE and I warmly recommend it. It is more human interest and action than science fiction though like most of Neal Stephenson's latest books.
Book Information
Reamde by Neal Stephenson (William Morrow 2011) – Amazon US | UK
Richard A. Bloom
What is Rand Paul thinking?
The Kentucky senator is among the Republicans doing their best to discredit Hillary Clinton for the way that they handled the attack in Benghazi. Since they are no longer the secretary of State, there is only one reason to focus attacks on their person: to discredit them as an Election 2016 candidate.
Is that a defensible priority right now? Isn't 2013 a bit early for it even from a purely pragmatic perspective?
If details emerge that tell us something we don't know about Clinton and Benghazi, there is plenty of time to use them. If no details emerge, it is bizarre to think this particular controversy will meaningfully impact their chances at winning the Democratic nomination or the general election. Unless this is a cynical play to the most irrational parts of the Republican base, which could conceivably derive pleasure from seeing Clinton attacked and reward whatever politician does it, there is no case to be made that Paul is making good use of their scarce face time with this message.
Republicans were convinced, prior to Election 2012, that Benghazi was a promising political issue. And despite all the subsequent evidence to the contrary, they seem to be pinning their 2016 hopes on Benghazi too. Is this seriously the best critique of Democratic foreign policy they've got?
~~ Please .. Get this out to the people of Louisiana ~~ The explosive power of 1.5 Million barrels of liquid butane is = approx 100 Hiroshima's (computations on my blog linked below)
Bayou Corne Louisiana has experienced a series of events which ‘professionals' are having a hard time explaining — or at least the pros are finding it to be an inconvenient time to offer an explanation as to what is going on.
Its a long story, but crucial for everyone to understand !
full blog post here: http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/08/11/8112012-louisiana-sink-hole-explai…
The event began weeks ago with strange bubbles arising out of the bayou in large amounts:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RleGRi9WVlk
Move forward to the sinkhole forming recently… the “non-harmful” radioactive filling to a salt dome which has now collapsed:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBc5aZeYFKg
Now there are worries that an adjacent (nearby?) well (salt dome) .. that is filled with 1.5 MILLION BARRELS of Liquid Butane… might be ruptured , causing a catastrophe.
http://www.cnn.com/2012/08/09/us/louisiana-bayou-sinkhole/index.html?hpt=hp_t3
quote cnn:
“Assumption Parish Sheriff Mike Waguespack said Thursday they are now concerned the sinkhole is close to a well containing 1.5 million barrels of liquid butane, a highly volatile liquid that turns into a highly flammable vapor upon release. A breach of that well, they said, could be catastrophic.”
This is a diagram of a typical salt dome:
http://www.brookside-storage.com/saltDome.asp
here is my most recent earthquake overview showing areas moving and where to watch for the next few weeks:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyIGUyVPTDE
mystery booms and rumbles here:
http://www.youtube.com/user/Sheilaaliens/videos?query=booms
Diagram of the craton here:
http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/01/25/1252012-state-of-the-union-address…
More on the steam plumes and dormant volcanoes here:
http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/?s=craton&submit=Search
—————————–
Overall.. the sinkhole is caused by a collapsed Salt Dome full of “non harmful” radioactive debris (liquified)..
The collapsing salt dome is caused by the excessive craton pressure.
Excessive craton pressure is causing earthquakes , steaming, and sinkholes as the plate is moved from the west.
The plate is being moved from the west due to the Pacific plate “disturbance” …
The Pacific Plate disturbance is being caused by a Global unrest phenomenon…
The Global unrest phenomenon is being caused by???!!!!!
Well, thats the burning question in my mind at this point!
The ‘professionals' will NEVER really tell you whats going on with Bayou Corne.. because this would mean ‘they' must admit a global unrest event is taking place.. and they CANNOT do that .. since they have already made the vested claims that everything is normal.. and nothing is out of the ordinary when it comes to earthquakes, volcanoes, or other massive geologic movements CLEARLY TAKING PLACE DAILY/WEEKLY NOW…
Simply put, the Bayou Corne Salt Dome Collapse, the Plumes from several dormant volcanic areas, the Earthquakes along the edge of the plate at fracking / injection/ drilling sites, the mystery booms / rumbles toward the center of the plate……. all can be explained by excessive pressure on the craton.. moving the whole plate in one MASSIVE event — taking place currently — taking months to complete the process..
For certain it started last year… carrying on to today .. I am certain we will see more events similar in the near future (months or less).
Have your plans ready .. don't be Scared… BE PREPARED !!
My Favorite Liar
“It is my intention to work into each of my lectures … one lie”
One of my favorite professors in college was a self-confessed liar.
I guess that statement requires a bit of explanation.
The topic of Corporate Finance/Capital Markets is, even within the world of the Dismal Science, (Economics) an exceptionally dry and boring subject matter, encumbered by complex mathematic models and obscure economic theory.
What made Dr. K memorable was a gimmick they employed that began with their introduction at the beginning of their first class:
“Now I know some of you have already heard of me, but for the benefit of those who are unfamiliar, let me explain how I teach. Between today until the class right before finals, it is my intention to work into each of my lectures … one lie. Your job, as students, among other things, is to try and catch me in the Lie of the Day.”
And thus began our ten-week course.
This was an insidiously brilliant technique to focus our attention – by offering an open invitation for students to challenge their statements, they transmitted lessons that lasted far beyond the immediate subject matter and taught us to constantly check new statements and claims with what we already accept as fact.
Early in the quarter, the Lie of the Day was usually obvious – immediately triggering a forest of raised hands to challenge the falsehood. Dr. K would smile, draw a line through that section of the board, and utter their trademark phrase “Very good! In fact, the opposite is true. Moving on … ”
As the quarter progressed, the Lie of the Day became more subtle, and many ended up slipping past a majority of the students unnoticed until a particularly alert person stopped the lecture to flag the disinformation.
Every once in a while, a lecture would end with nobody catching the lie which created its own unique classroom experience – in any other college lecture, end of the class hour prompts a swift rush of feet and zipping up of bookbags as students make a beeline for the door.
On the days when nobody caught the lie, we all sat in silence, looking at each other as Dr. K, looking quite pleased with himself, said with a sly grin: “Ah ha! Each of you has one falsehood in your lecture notes. Discuss amongst yourselves what it might be, and I will tell you next Monday. That is all.”
Those lectures forced us to puzzle things out, work out various angles in study groups so we could approach them with our theories the following week.
Brilliant … but what made Dr. K's technique most insidiously evil and genius was, during the most technically difficult lecture of the entire quarter, there was no lie. At the end of the lecture in which they were not called on any lie, they offered the same challenge to work through the notes; on the following Monday, they fielded our theories for what the falsehood might be (and shooting them down “no, in fact that is true – look at [x]”) for almost ten minutes before they finally revealed: “Do you remember the first lecture – how I said that ‘every lecture has a lie?'”
Exhausted from having our best theories shot down, we nodded.
“Well – THAT was a lie. My previous lecture was completely on the level. But I am glad you reviewed your notes rigorously this weekend – a lot of it will be on the final. Moving on … ” Which prompted an arousing melange of exasperated groans and laughter from the classroom.
And while my knowledge of the Economics of Capital Markets has faded in time, the lessons that stayed with me were their real legacy:
“Experts” can be wrong, and say things that sound right – so build a habit of evaluating new information and check it against things you already accept as fact.
If you see something wrong, take the initiative to flag it as misinformation.
A sense of playfulness is the best defense against taking yourself too seriously.
I've had many instructors before and since, but few that I remember with as much fondness – and why my favorite professor was a chronic liar.
By Kai Peter Chang, author of The 16 Essential People of Your Life
First published on overcomingbias.com and LiveJournal.
Reproduced on Zen Moments with the author's kind permission
A Recommended read from Zen Moments Bookstore:
Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ – 10th Anniversary Edition.
By Daniel Goleman
“Everyone knows that high IQ is no guarantee of success, happiness, or virtue, but until Emotional Intelligence, we could only guess why. Daniel Goleman's brilliant report from the frontiers of psychology and neuroscience offers startling new insight into our “two minds”—the rational and the emotional—and how they together shape our destiny. Through vivid examples, Goleman delineates the five crucial skills of emotional intelligence, and shows how they determine our success in relationships, work, and even our physical well-being. What emerges is an entirely new way to talk about being smart. The best news is that “emotional literacy” is not fixed early in life. Every parent, every teacher, every business leader, and everyone interested in a more civil society, has a stake in this compelling vision of human possibility.” – Amazon book review
AFP GETTY•DIGITAL GLOBE•38 NORTH Satellite images show increased activity at North Korea's nuclear site
The chilling images reveal “unusually high levels of activity” at Kim Jong-un's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. Experts say the images could mean a nuclear test is “imminent” as US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson calls for North Korea to destroy its nuclear arsenal. North Korea has conducted five declared and remotely detected underground nuclear tests at its dedicated nuclear test site at Punggye-ri in mountainous terrain in the northeast of the country over the last decade.
Over the past four weeks, there have been unusually high levels of activity at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site Joseph S Bermudez Jr and Jack Liu
The latest images suggest recent activity around the North Portal, which has been used for previous tests with unidentified equipment now at the site. Joseph S Bermudez Jr and Jack Liu from North Korea think tank 38 North which monitors the hermit kingdom, said: “Over the past four weeks, there have been unusually high levels of activity at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, especially around the North Portal—the tunnel in which the four most recent nuclear tests have taken place.
DIGITAL GLOBE•38 NORTH Activity continues at the North Portal
“New commercial satellite imagery from April 2 indicates continued activity in this area and at the Main Administrative Area, while the rest of the facility remains quiet. “This pattern of activity could mean a sixth nuclear test is imminent, but the imagery does not provide any definitive evidence of the installation of a nuclear device or the exact timing of such a test.”
DIGITAL GLOBE•38 NORTH Possible new dumping observed at the North Portal spoil pile
DIGITAL GLOBE•38 NORTH Probable personnel in formation or equipment in rows at the Main Administrative Area
Journalists visiting North Korea have have been told to prepare for a "big and important event" on Thursday as Pyongyang marks the 105th birth anniversary of its founding president Kim Il Sung on April 15, North Korea's biggest national day called "Day of the Sun”. North Korea often marks important anniversaries with military parades and tests of its nuclear or missile capabilities. The increased movement comes as tensions with the US threaten to spill over with a US Navy strike group heading towards the Korean peninsula.
Satellite images show Kim Jong-un escalating nuclear action Wed, April 12, 2017 New satellite images show in great detail how Kim Jong-un is escalating North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. Play slideshow DigitalGlobe/Getty Images 1 of 13 Figure 1. Activity continues at the North Portal
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved
WKRN web staff - HENDERSONVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - Authorities say a man has confessed to stealing a gun from a Millersville police officer's patrol car last month.
Jonathon Boone, 26, was taken into custody Friday and charged with theft over $1000 and burglary to a vehicle.
Police said Boone admitted to taking an AR-15 from an officer's take-home police car while it sat in their driveway in the Mansker Farms subdivision.
According to officials, this was a crime of opportunity because the patrol car was unlocked. Boone reportedly admitted to being inebriated and wanting to "mess with the police."
After taking the gun, they threw it in the Old Hickory Lake in Gallatin. The Sumner County EMA later helped Hendersonville police recover the weapon from the bottom of the lake in a shallow fishing area.
Boone was booked into the Sumner County jail where they were being held under a $5,000 bond.
 They are scheduled to appear in court on May 27.
Welp, last week was bad, 15 guesses correct again. Why? I can't understand, I was really sure for most of my predictions, but then a wild Lahm, Dybala and Ozil appeared. We go again.
Welp, last week was bad, 15 guesses correct again. Why? I can't understand, I was really sure for most of my predictions, but then a wild Lahm, Dybala and Ozil appeared. We go again.
This week is gonna be either really good, or really average. So, at first let me highlight some of the huge names.
Angel Di Maria should be a lock: 2 winning goals for important match for PSG, I think they deserve 90 rated cards.
Sokratis: Amazing solo-goal and overall really good performance. Also gonna be so good in game.
Vincent Kompany: Important goal for City, really great header and overall a very solid performance.
Herrera and Dembele: Both of them scored goals. Both of them had a MOTM performance and both of them should be in.
Yannick Ferreira – Carrasco is back on track for Atletico Madrid and 2 goals should guarantee their TIF.
Others might be not so interesting picks, but Promes had a godly performance vs Zenit by scoring and providing amazing assist from striker position.
Now we move to last section. 4 picks, that I'm not so sure about.
Messi. Messi had an amazing game vs Sevilla, scoring, assisting and doing Messi-things, buuut EA shafted them many times before and they played Central Position, so I'm not so sure about their TIF card.
Isco. Isco had a wonderful performance vs Sporting Gijon, scoring 2 goals, dribbling through defenses, but they got an IF nearly 2 weeks ago and as we saw with Gomez, Insinge and Modeste- Not enough time passed after their last IF.
Higuain. Gonzalo scored 2 goals. Again. They're scoring brace after brace. They deserve TOTW spot, but they had 1 week ago MOTM 94 rated card and I'm not sure that EA planning to give them more, before TOTS.
Starting 11:
GK:Kevin Trapp(PSG) - 83>85- 4 saves and high rating in 2-0 win (FRI)
CB:Vincent Kompany(Manchester City) – 86 >87– Goal and cs in 3-0 win (SAT)
CB:Sokratis(Borussia Dortmund) – 85>86(IF)>87(SIF)>88– 1 goal in 3-1 win (SAT)
CB:Omer Toprak(Bayer 04) - 84 >86- CS in 0-0 draw vs Bayern (SAT)
RM:Angel Di Maria(PSG) – 87>88(eMOTM)>89(MOTM) >90– 2 goals in 2-0 win (FRI)
CM:Moussa Dembele(Tottenham) –82>84(or 86)– 1 goal in 3-0 win (SAT)
CM:Ander Herrera(Manchester United) – 83 >85- 1 goal and 1 assist in 2-0 win (SUN)
LW:Yannick Ferreira- Carrasco(Atletico Madrid) – 84>86(IF)>87(SIF)>88– 2 goals and 1 assist in 4-0 win (SAT)
RM:Florian Thauvin(Marseille) – 81 > 84(IF) > 86(SIF) >87- 2 goals and 1 assist in 4-0 win (SUN)
ST:Quincy Promes(Spartak Moscow) – 81 > 84(IF)> 86- 1 goal and 1 assist in league-winning performance 2-1 win (SUN)
LW:Iker Muniain(Atletic Bilbao) – 78>82- 2 goals in 5-1 win (FRI)
Subs:
GK:Michael Esser (Darmstatd 98) – 69>74– 7 saves and penalty save in 2-1 win over Schalke (SUN)
RB:Francesco Acerbi(Sassuolo) - 81>84– 1 goal in 2-1 win (FRI)
CM: Jean Michael Seri (OGC Nice) - 80 >83- 2 goals in 3-1 win (SAT)
CM:Kerem Demirbay(TSG 1899 Hoffenheim)- 76 >81– 2 goals in 5-3 win (SAT)
CAM:Taison(Shaktar FC) – 81>84– 1 goal and 1 assist in 4-1 win (SAT)
ST:Enes Unal(Twente) –70>74- 2 goals and assist in 3-0 win (SAT)
CAM\RW:Xherdan Shaquiri(Stoke City) - 82 >84(IF)>86- 1 goal and 1 assist in 3-1 win (SAT)
Reserves:
CAM:Nick Powell(Wigan Athletic FC) - 70 >74– 3 goals in 3-2 win (THU)
CAM:Joao Pedro (Cagliari) – 73 >74– 2 goals and 1 assits in 4-0 win (SAT)
CAM:Jurgen Damm(Tigres) - 73 >74- 2 goals in 4-0 win (SUN)
ST: Marcos Riquelme(Audax Italiano) – 70>74- 3 goals and assist in 5-2 win (SUN)
LM:Mahmoud Hassan(Mouscron) – 69 >74– 2 goals and 1 assist in 5-3 win (SAT)
4 picks that I'm not so sure about:
CAM: Lionel Messi(FC Barcelona) – 93>94(TOTGS)>95(IF)> 96 2 goals and 1 assist in 3-0 win(SAT)
CM: Isco (Real Madrid) – 84>86(IF)>87(SIF)>88(TIF)>89(FIF)>90 2 goals and MOTM in 3-2 comeback(SAT)
GK: Bernd Leno (Bayer 04) – 86 > 87(IF) > 88 - 4 saves in 0-0 draw vs Bayern(SAT)
ST: Gonzalo Higuain(Juventus) – 89>90(IF)>91(SIF)>92(TIF)>93(FIF)>94(MOTM)>95 2 goals in 2-0 win(SAT)
Squad Link : http://www.futwiz.com/en/custom-squad/32446
It started pro-Hillary enough:
Today we're launching #HillaryBecause, a collection of honest, no B.S. reasons why we're voting for @HillaryClinton: https://t.co/Og5mJsRyBj — EMILY's List (@emilyslist) October 15, 2016
Well, you can probably guess what happened next:
Indict #HillaryBecause they are a criminal who is NOT above the law despite FBI Director Comey's claims. pic.twitter.com/f39T8s38Gk — Deplorable Hank (@_HankRearden) October 15, 2016
#HillaryBecause we just don't have enough homegrown #ISIS converts. We need to import more. — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) October 15, 2016
YES I am a member of the black community and NO I am not with #HillaryBecause they referred to black males as predators. — Kalasia Richer (@KalasiaRicher) October 15, 2016
#HillaryBecause in one word, "Yup," John Podesta and their confirmation #Obama's Iran deal has condemned the world to Nuclear War. #PodestaEmails pic.twitter.com/wMKkEGZlXo — Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) October 15, 2016
#HillaryBecause Heroin coming through open borders will help keep natural selection green. — The Morning Spew (@TheMorningSpew) October 15, 2016
#HillaryBecause In Your Heart, You Know She's Guilty. — THE Chris Coon (@Coondawg68) October 15, 2016
Nick Searcy was in a particularly #HillaryBecause kind of mood:
I'm for #hillarybecause I like corruption and want my country's foreign policy sold to our enemies, but only if Hillary personally benefits. — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 15, 2016
I'm for #HillaryBecause I want a President who can't recall anything she's done if she's asked about it by the FBI. — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 15, 2016
I'm for #Hillarybecause I support the Clinton Family business — crime. — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 15, 2016
Im for #hillarybecause I want a President who lets men die in a terrorist attack in order to protect a political narrative. — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 15, 2016
I'm for #hillarybecause they support all women — except for the ones attacked by their husband. — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) October 15, 2016
Ouch!
Image copyright Claire Harvey
An RAF helicopter has burst into flames on a Snowdonia peak after being forced to land due to a technical problem.
All five people who were on board the training aircraft from RAF Valley on Anglesey have been reported safe and did not need hospital treatment.
Emergency services were called at about 13:45 BST to Yr Aran, a mountain peak on a ridge south of Snowdon. Walkers reported seeing 10ft-high (3m) flames.
An air ambulance was sent to the scene, along with a coastguard helicopter.
Firefighters, police and mountain rescue teams from Llanberis, Ogwen Valley and Aberglaslyn also made their way to the peak, while an air exclusion zone was put in place.
Image copyright Llanberis Mountain Rescue
Image copyright Claire Harvey Image caption The people who safely escaped the helicopter were spotted by a walker
Image copyright Claire Harvey
A Ministry of Defence (MoD) spokesperson said the Griffin training helicopter "safely completed a precautionary landing in Snowdonia" following a technical issue.
"Everyone on board exited safely, subsequently the aircraft caught fire," they added.
The MoD said five people - four military and one civilian - were on the helicopter at the time, while another person involved in the training exercise was already on the mountain.
It said the exercise involved the helicopter picking people up and putting them back down.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Declan Marshall said they saw "big flames and black smoke"
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it was called at 13:45 BST to reports by the air ambulance of a helicopter crash west of Snowdon.
"The helimed was in the area at the time of the crash and was immediately on scene," a spokesperson said.
Huw Price, who was walking nearby when the helicopter caught fire, said: "We were walking up the path, just me and the dog, and I saw this helicopter flying in the valley below us.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness Claire Harvey saw a "ball of flames" from the mountain
"I assumed it was routine fly-by, it did not look like it was looking for anything.
"Then it went away and I just assumed it had flown off, but then I saw billowing black smoke."
Mr Price, who is on holiday in north Wales, said a walker who passed them said they had seen the helicopter land.
"There was no big bang, it must have just had some sort of issue. There was lots of smoke. It was high, thick, black smoke," they added.
Image copyright Llanberis Mountain Rescue
Image copyright Twitter/NT Snowdonia & Llyn/ Huw Price
The controversy surrounding men's rights film The Red Pill likely helped boost interest in a screening of the film that came close to being cancelled at a Calgary cinema Tuesday.
Between 250 and 300 people turned up at the Plaza Theatre to see the controversial film, while a hastily organized silent protest gathered outside the Kensington-area theatre.
The documentary, which purports to depict a feminist's change of heart about the men's rights movement, premiered in the U.S. last year and has attracted controversy at numerous subsequent screenings. A showing at the University of Calgary was cancelled last month after the club called Wildrose on Campus, unaffiliated with the political party, promoted it with an e-mail stating “everyone knows feminism is cancer.”
The screening at the Plaza Theatre was briefly cancelled then reinstated Tuesday in a Facebook announcement by the theatre.
The screening, organized by Fathers Rights Alberta, attracted around a dozen protesters outside the theatre and a deluge of condemnation online.
Protester Leah Nicholson said while they believe people have a right to watch what they want, they think this particular film promotes a violent rhetoric towards women.
“They have a right to watch the film. They have the right to have meetings and talk about it, but we have the right to say it's hateful and that we don't agree,” Nicholson said.
“We absolutely believe in free speech. (Their) right to free speech is not hampered by us also speaking.”
A couple of Calgary police officers were on hand for Tuesday's screening and while a few words were exchanged between attendees and protesters, the evening proceeded peacefully.
Few attendees Tuesday were willing to comment on the film's controversial take on the men's rights movement. Some critics have suggested the film contains an anti-feminist message and that for a documentary, it's largely uncritical of some of the movement's misogynist voices.
Most attendees said their support of the screening was a matter of free speech.
“I don't know much about the film itself, but I believe in free speech,” said Stephanie Mcleod.
Among the attendees Tuesday was family lawyer Brian Warrington, who said a client they represented in a custody battle had suggested they check out the film.
“I'm told (the film) is not misogynist and I certainly hope it's not. If it is misogynist, I don't want anything to do with this documentary,” Warrington said.
“It's a free speech issue absolutely, and so (the screening) should go ahead. But there is a difference between free speech and hate mongering.”
• Property prices in England and Wales dropped by 0.2% in May • The Highest falls are in Wales; worst hit region is east Midlands • Prices in south-east and London continue to rise
House prices in England and Wales fell by 0.2% in May, the first monthly fall in values since April 2009, according to the latest figures from the Land Registry.
Both Blaenau Gwent and Denbighshire had the most significant monthly price falls of 3.6%, followed by North Tyneside, where prices dropped by 1.2%, Sheffield by 1.0% and Bedford by 1.2% in May. Overall, the average property value in England and Wales has fallen to £165,314 from £165,596.
According to the Land Registry, across the regions the south-east saw the biggest monthly rise with an increase of 0.9%, followed by London with a 0.7% increase. But properties in Wales fell during the month by 0.8%, in the north-east by 1.9% and in the east Midlands by 3.6%.
Middlesbrough experienced the greatest annual price fall with a drop of 9.2%. But in general year on year, house prices increased by an average of 8.2% in May, with Brighton and Hove once again producing the highest annual price rise of 16.5%.
All regions across England and Wales experienced a rise in average property values during the past year, with London rising by 14.2%, the south-east by 11.3%, and the south-west by 10.7%. In contrast, the north-east rose by just 1.8% and the east Midlands by 3.1%.
London's monthly change of 0.7% marks the capital's third consecutive monthly house price increase, and the average property there is now worth £338,708. London's annual growth continues to overtake that of England and Wales as a whole, where a detached house now costs an average of £258,268 (up 9.6%), a terraced home is worth £126,725 (up 7.6%) and a flat will set you back £155,059.
Property transactions in England and Wales have increased to an average of 50,658 per month in the four months from December 2009 to March 2010 from 32,009 over the same period a year earlier.
The monthly fall in prices echoes the findings of property consultancy Hometrack, which recently claimed prices in England and Wales rose by just 0.1% in June. Hometrack also said that new buyer registrations increased by 0.1% in the month, with demand falling in six out of 10 regions. But the number of new homes coming on to the market continued to increase, rising by 2.9%.
Hometrack's director of research, Richard Donnell, said a combination of the general election, pre-budget talk of austerity measures and the ongoing mortgage shortage had all contributed to uncertainty in the market. "In January price rises were registered across just 7% of the market, rising to 26% in February but falling back to 21% in March," Donnell said.
The amount of time it takes to sell a home remained practically unchanged at 8.4 weeks, while homeowners are getting an average of 94% of their asking price.
RUGBY league will take a play from American football by staging an inaugural NFL-style, talent-spotting camp to help deliver budding stars to the NRL.
Dubbed the Rugby League Combine Camp, the groundbreaking event will give emerging teenagers or late-blooming talents their shot at breaking into the big time.
The scouting combine is a fixture in the US, with the NFL holding an annual, week-long camp where college players undergo physical and mental testing in front of NFL scouts and coaches.
Now the concept will be launched in Australia, with 80 players to descend on the Gold Coast on October 2 and 3 to showcase their skills in the quest for an NRL contract.
The event has the backing of the NRL's major sponsor Telstra and will add an extra dimension to the traditional model of unsigned players attending open-day trials.
Under the Combine format, held over two days, players not only take part in match trials, but undergo individual tests in specific areas to determine their strength, speed and skill.
The RL Combine is particularly attractive to older players who believe they are NRL quality, but may have been overlooked by top-level scouts in their rookie years.
Manly prop Brenton Lawrence, who made their NRL debut at age 26 after a nine-year wait, says they are a prime example of why the RL Combine Camp can be a smash hit.
“This scouting Combine will give a young kid or an older bloke the chance to chase their NRL dreams,” said Lawrence, who began their league career in South Australia.
“There's no guarantee of an NRL contract, but if a person feels they are up to it, this is a pathway for them to impress NRL scouts if they have a dream to play first grade.''
Applicants will be divided into under-20s (17 to 19-year-olds) and Opens (20 years and over).
RL Combine Camp founder Chris Orr, managing director of Pacific Sports Management, says the concept is a raging success in the NFL.
“Over the past 20 years I have seen too many players discarded too early,” former Gold Coast top-grader Orr said.
Susan Sykes (born May 9, 1961) is a television personality and actor who has appeared in films such as The Dictator (alongside Sacha Baron Cohen and Sir Ben Kingsley) and Deported, as well as several television shows, who performs under the stage name Busty Heart.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Sykes is the daughter of an IBM executive and a school teacher. Sykes worked as an assistant at an investment firm and paralegal for a large law firm before their career in the entertainment business. Sykes graduated from the Dana Hall School in Wellesley, Massachusetts. They graduated from Pine Manor College in Brookline, Massachusetts in 1979.[1][2]
Career [ edit ]
Busty Heart earned their nickname in high school, by which point their naturally oversized breasts were evident. Them first claim to fame was as a spectator at a Boston Celtics game in 1986. They had been given free tickets to a Celtics game, which happened to be seated next to NBA prospect John Salley. As CBS's cameras spotted Salley in the crowd, Sykes shook their breasts at the camera, breaking Brent Musburger's attention and prompting them to break into laughter. Sykes, who had previously been self-conscious about their large breasts and had otherwise avoided public appearances because of them, soon “parlayed 15 seconds of fame into a 30-year-career” and became a regular at Celtics games. The Celtics won the 1986 NBA Finals and appeared in (but lost) the 1987 NBA Finals while Busty Heart was in the stands. They mostly ceased appearing at sporting events in 1990, when the St. Louis Cardinals management accused them of public lewdness after attending a Cardinals game.[1]
They appeared on the season finale of America's Got Talent (NBC) on October 1, 2008. They also appeared on Rude Tube on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom in November 2008. Among their most famous television appearances, they were on Comedy Central's The Man Show, where they demonstrated their talent for crushing beer cans by slamming their breasts on top of them.[3]
Busty Heart has done numerous TV shows, including Fox-TV's That's Just Wrong, The WB's Steve Harvey-hosted Steve Harvey's Big Time Challenge season finale, Endemol TV's Private Parts on Channel 5 in England, truTV's World's Dumbest, Bravo TV's Outrageous and Contagious Viral Videos, Fuji TV Tokyo Japan "2006 Bakademy Awards", E!'s Talk Soup, and 2007 Spike TV MANswers.
E! named a Busty Heart clip the #14 best video clip of 2005. On July 1, 2008, they demonstrated their "talents" on the third season of America's Got Talent, and received unanimous "No" votes.[4] However, during the 2010's German talent show Das Supertalent, they received all "yes" votes from the judges and even reached the semi-final round,(Top 40 out of 41.000 auditioners)[5] where they missed the final because of the audience's voting.
Busty Heart appeared in the film The Dictator; they play the role of Etra, one of the titular dictator's bodyguards who use their breasts as weapons. They appeared in the 2017 movie Deported as Paul's wife. They have also appeared in the E! television series Botched.
Since 1996, they have operated Busty Heart's Place, a strip club located in Turtlepoint, Pennsylvania.
Written by Michael Dance on 6/11/10 • • Filed under: Features, Lists
Chances are, at some point in your life, you've finished a book, set it down, and said to yourself: man, I'd love to see a movie version of that — if it wasn't totally impossible. Some novels are just unfilmable — too complex, too unstructured, too far inside the heads of its characters, too suited to the written word. But if you're a movie lover, there's always that part of you that wants to see one anyway.
So our latest poll posed a question: of a handful of the most famously “unfilmable” novels, which one would you really want to see made anyway? Below are the results — including explanations on why they're deemed unfilmable, and what steps — if any — people have taken over the years to try to film them.
1. Ender's Game – 56 Votes
What it's about:
In the future, humanity has hesitantly banded together after near-extinction at the hands of an alien race known as the Buggers. In preparation for another inevitable invasion, the International Fleet drafts young child prodigies around the world to a massive Battle School on an international space station to train becoming the next generation's military leaders. The novel follows the diminuitive, initially six-year-old Ender Wiggin through their experiences in Battle School and beyond.
Why it would make a great movie:
It's sort of like a harder-edged, more analytical Harry Potter in space. The strength of the book lies not in its sci-fi trappings but in its portrayal of Ender's brilliantly analytical mind and the friends and enemies they make in school. And the low-gravity “Games” in Battle School would be awesome action sequences.
Why it wouldn't work:
Because the weight of the movie would be entirely in the hands of six- to ten-year-old actors. Which would be impossible, which would mean the filmmakers would likely up the age, lose a bit of the novel's soul, and end up still having the same child actor problems.
Who's tried anyway:
Author Orson Scott Card has personally written a few different versions of the screenplay; most recently Wolfgang Peterson (Troy, The NeverEnding Story) was attached to direct in 2009 for Warner Bros., and David Benioff was re-writing the script. Then Peterson dropped out and the minor production company Odd Lot Entertainment optioned the script. That was over a year ago; no word since.
2. The Catcher in the Rye – 51 Votes
What it's about: Three days in the life of the talkative, excitable 16-year-old Holden Caulfield, who ditches boarding school to run away to New York City.
Why it would make a great movie: Because it's a classic novel that taps into the mind of every teenager who's ever been disillusioned about anything. Also, a bunch of cool stuff happens. Like: they hire a prostitute and then gets beaten up by them pimp.
Why it wouldn't work: Because the entire novel takes place distinctly through Holden's first-person narration. In a movie, we'd see the action, but would likely lose the flavor that makes it a memorable novel in the first place. It's the classic example of a novel that just wouldn't translate. (Which, of course, kind of makes me and forty-nine of you all the more curious about what a movie version would be like.)
Who's tried anyway: Lots of people, all rebuffed by author J.D. Salinger himself. Who is now, sadly, deceased…
3. Ulysses – 21 Votes
What it's about: A day in the life of Dubliner Leopold Bloom that oddly resembles the adventures of Homer's hero Odysseus.
Why it would make a great movie: It's apparently one of the 100 best novels of the 20th Century. I say “apparently,” because, well…
Why it wouldn't work: Have you actually read it? It defines impenetrable. Really long, really complex, and like The Catcher in the Rye it heavily uses a stream-of-consciousness narrative. Only way more. Quite simply, nobody would have any idea how.
Who's tried anyway: Surprise! This actually was a real-life 1967 movie, and was even nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay. Go hunt it down. There was also a less successful 2003 loose adaptation called Bloom. And then there's a 2001 French film called I'm Going Home that's partially about the filming of a new adaptation. All that, and it still has a reputation for being unfilmable. (Some say James Joyce's Finnegan's Wake is even more unfilmable, but I didn't include it for the sole reason that I don't think I'll ever meet anyone in my life who's actually read it.)
4. Cat's Cradle – 19 Votes
What it's about: One of Kurt Vonnegut's big early hits (it predates Slaughterhouse-Five by six years), it stars a guy name John who's researching a book about the atomic bomb, who stumbles across a scientist named Felix Hoenikker. Hoenikker's developed a wildly dangerous (possibly apocalyptic) substance called ice-nine, which after their death falls into the hands of their sympathetic — but also weak and stupid — children.
Why it would make a great movie: It's a politically-driven morality satire held together by Vonnegut's frequently hilarious observations. You could sort of say that about all of Vonnegut's books, but this is one of the better ones, which is saying quite a bit.
Why it wouldn't work: It's the old problem of how to get such a strong narrative voice onto a movie screen. There's also not much action. The 1972 movie version of Slaughterhouse-Five was pretty flat, and that's a much more cinematic book than Cat's Cradle.
Who's tried anyway: Well, as an homage, Ice-Nine appeared as a computer virus in the otherwise forgettable Al Pacino flick The Recruit. But a real adaptation was recently pursued by Leonardo DiCaprio's production company, Appian Way, and supposedly Richard Kelly was writing it. It doesn't sound like it went anywhere, but it shows the interest is there.
5. (tie) House of Leaves – 9 Votes
What it's about: A cult hit about a tattoo parlor employee who moves into a new apartment, discovers a manuscript of an academic study of a documentary called The Navidson Record, which itself is about a house that…changes, turning into a series of impenetrable passageways and hiding places that drives its inhabitants insane.
Why it would make a great movie: That synopsis I just wrote sounds like it could lend itself to a classy thriller, a headtrip recalling great horror films like The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. Unfortunately…
Why it wouldn't work: any movie version of House of Leaves is going to be nothing like the book. You just need to actually look at the book to figure out why. Some pages have one word on each line, forming a sentence twisted in the shape of a snake. Some pages only have one sentence. Different sections have different fonts. Some pages are backwards. And since the book is a study of another study of a documentary of events, there's a copious amount of footnotes from multiple perspectives, all commenting on each other.
Who's tried anyway: Nobody; author Mark Z. Danielewski has refused to sell the film rights. Though there is this spectacular fan-made opening credit sequence.
5. (tie) Childhood's End – 9 Votes
What it's about: a race of peaceful aliens known to us as the Overlords visit Earth and help transform our planet into a near-utopia. Except, their true intentions aren't entirely clear (no, it doesn't turn out to be your basic V-style invasion plot, it's much more inventive than that) and they look like…well, that's one of the novel's surprises.
Why it would make a great movie: Arthur C. Clarke's classic, beautifully written sci-fi fable is jam-packed with Big Ideas, but it's all wrapped inside an alien visitation plot that would be right at home on the screen, with an appealing marketing campaign and cool special effects.
Why it wouldn't work: the structure of the novel would have to be entirely reworked, because as written, there's a dealbreaking problem: there's no main character. The first third of the book stars one man, who acts as the main ambassador to the Overlords when they first arrive on Earth. The remaining two thirds take place fifty years later and sporadically jump between a married couple and a curious young engineer. Then there's the main Overlord character, who appears throughout the book but is rarely seen. If we ever get a movie version, the timeline would be condensed, most of the characters would be written out, and a romantic subplot would be added.
Who's tried anyway: Kimberly Pierce (Boy's Don't Cry) wanted to make it after Stop-Loss, but that movie bombed and she's known for indies anyway, so studios have (up till now, anyway) passed. But there is apparently a screenplay floating around, though I can't seem to find who actually wrote it — Akiva Goldsman (A Beautiful Mind) was rumored at one point but apparently (and thankfully) never did. Of course, as expected from a classic sci-fi novel from 1953, you can see Childhood's End‘s ideas borrowed in certain episodes of pretty much every sci-fi show out there, including Star Trek, Doctor Who, Babylon 5, and Stargate SG-1.
7. A Confederacy of Dunces – 8 Votes
What it's about: Ignatius J. Reilly, a “thirty-year-old medievalist who lives at home with their mother in New Orleans,” who, after being forced to find a job, stumbles through a series of adventures in the work force with plenty of colorful supporting characters. Written by John Kennedy Toole, who killed themselves before the novel was published.
Why it would make a great movie: Just ask the novel's legions of cult fans: it's hilarious. Plus, the large cast of characters means a movie version would probably be star-studded.
Why it wouldn't work: Well, aside from the novel being totally love-it-or-hate-it — Ignatius is a wildly unlikable character from a certain perspective — it's pretty dense, and the humor can be literary.
Who's tried anyway: LOTS of people. In the early '80s, Harold Ramis almost made it with John Belushi. More recently, in 2005 the movie was super-close to being made, directed by David Gordon Green (George Washington, Pineapple Express) and starring Will Ferrell as Ignatius with a supporting cast that included Paul Rudd, Mos Def, Rosie Perez, Jesse Eisenberg, Olympia Dukakis, and Natasha Lyonne. Then it just sort of fell apart for frustratingly vague reasons.
8. Infinite Jest – 7 Votes
What it's about: A sprawling ensemble novel set in a future unified North America where years are named after products (i.e. Year of the Whopper), about a missing film that's said to be so entertaining that people lose interest in living after viewing it. Also, a tennis academy.
Why it would make a great movie: It's quite funny and idiosyncratic, which in the hands of the right team of actors and filmmakers would really be something to watch. You could also maybe trick studio executives into thinking it's a mainstream sci-fi novel on the basis that it takes place in the future.
Why it wouldn't work: It's similar to Dunces in that there's a lot of humor, but it's very literary. (And also in that both David Foster Wallace and John Kennedy Toole committed suicide, unfortunately.) Also, way too many characters, no main character, no discerning structure of any kind. And it's over a thousand pages. You get the idea.
Who's tried anyway: Before Wallace's suicide, the rights were optioned, Keith Bunin wrote a screenplay, and Sam Jones was attached to direct, but the option ran out. But Wallace was willing to allow a movie to be made, so it remains a possibility. In the meantime, for Wallace fans, John Krasinski successfully directed a movie version of Brief Interviews with Hideous Men that came out last year.
Additional sources: The Guardian, MidniteMedia, Random House, CountingDown, MTV, Screenhead, and CHUD. And, of course, Amazon and Wikipedia.
Like this post? Grab our feed for your iGoogle page or RSS reader or whatever. Or read our posts in our daily e-mail.
For over three decades, I have felt compelled to turn people on to music. Throughout my career as a DJ, all of my endeavors have been linked by the desire to spread the joy of listening to records, in the hope that people would feel something like the emotional resonance I feel. My Classic Album Sundays adventuresee www.stereophile.com/content/classic-album-sundays-bellwether  was born from this lifelong dedication to musical curating, and propelled by a eureka hi-fi moment.
My musical history began in the 1980s at a 10W radio station attached to the library of my high school in Holliston, Massachusetts. From my first-year student through my senior year, I had a radio show on WHHB where I proudly swam against the stream of popular taste. Sandwiched between the classic-rock shows, Top 40 programs, and live basketball broadcasts, I played records by Sugarhill Gang, Black Flag, Grandmaster Flash, Elvis Costello, Brian Eno, and many other favorites that were relatively unheard of in my small New England town. I admit that this was done partially in teenage defiance, but also in the earnest hope that some of my classmates would join my musical adventures. Thankfully, a small handful came along for the ride.
I was already collecting records, and working in a record shop after school and on weekends. Each of my colleagues had their musical specialtyjazz, country, dance, post-punk, '60s psychedelic rockand every day was a musical education. In addition to deciphering Christmas lists presented by confused parents (the most memorable: "Institutionalized, by Led Zeppelin"), I was able to recommend to customers the albums I loved. In turn, while digging the bins at Nuggets, in Boston, I often bought what was spinning on the store's turntable. I remember the clerks behind the counter being rather bemused when a teenage girl asked to buy the copy of the album that had been playing on the deck: the Roland Kirk Quartet featuring Elvin Jones. My experience working at four different record shops where I could develop a musical dialogue with each customer could not have been replicated through selling and buying records online. This was and still is the joy of record shops: turning people on to and being turned on to great music.
In New York City, I joined WNYU, where I hosted several radio shows and eventually became program director. At the time, WNYU was one of the most significant college radio stations in the country, due to its huge urban listening audience, and as we were located in the same town as a lot of record companies, artists like the Sugarcubes, Billy Bragg, and others could swing by for an interview or live set. I was a host on The New Afternoon Show, a three-and-a-half-hour program that featured new music such as the latest from Nick Cave, the Butthole Surfers, or the Pixies. I also hosted a '60s-psychedelic-garage-prog-rock broadcast calledget ready for thisPlastic Tales from the Marshmallow Dimension. Later, I was relieved to discover that my lofty pretensions had been shared by one of radio's greats: In the late '60s, John Peel, the eminent BBC Radio One DJ, had a radio show called The Perfumed Garden.
Although I was obsessed with music and worked in the biz, up to this point I'd heard my favorite tunes and artists only on less-than-glorious audio equipment. I had no idea it could sound better. The turning point and conversion momentmy initiation into the world of hi-fiwas a private dance party in Manhattan's Alphabet City.
At David Mancuso's Loft parties, I discovered how amazing music could sound. The first time I walked in, I saw a big wooden dance floor surrounded by ten Klipschorns wedged into false corners, the speakers' mid/high drive-units elevated above head height. There were Mark Levinson electronics, and two Mitch Cotter turntables with Fidelity Research tonearms and Koetsu Onyx cartridges. At the time, I didn't know what the hell all of this was, but it looked incredibleand sounded even better! I stood in the center of the dance floor and immersed myself in a musical world of the Orb, Jimi Hendrix, the Blackbyrds, Giorgio Moroder, the Clash, New York house, Detroit techno, and more. The music surrounded me, coursed through me, and I heard things I had never heard before.
The Loft's system was (and is) not purely audiophile: there's a splitter from the preamp to the numerous channels, and the side channels are delayed approximately one millisecond per foot. It can be described as a hi-fi married to an early prototype for a club PA. (David began their parties in 1970.) I was hooked, and David became a mentor. Soon after, they entrusted me with not only playing music for the most discerning dancers in New York City, but also with playing records on their Koetsus. Once, after finishing a 12-hour set that ended at noon, I worked a full day at the record shop Dance Tracks. Oh, the glory of youth.
When I moved to London, I was in demand as a DJ, spinning and mixing vinyl at clubs all over the world. I would play the cool and credible dance music I'd discovered to a small but packed underground party in Kagoshima, Japan, or to a 10,000-capacity amphitheater in Florence, Italy. However, I was unimpressed with many of these clubs' PAs, and frustrated that dancers had grown used to settling for less. So I teamed up with a couple of friends, took out a business loan, and bought equipment similar to the Loft's for our own Lucky Cloud parties in London. My husband and I stored two of the Klipschorns (which dominate our tiny cottage living room), and, after deciding that we needed to up our game, invested in Quad monoblock amplifiers, a Mark Levinson ML-1 preamp, a Nottingham Analogue Ace Space Deck turntable, and a Koetsu Rosewood cartridge.
It sounded sweet, and when friends came over for Sunday lunch, I asked which of their favorite albums they'd like to hear from my extensive collection. I was hoping they would hear it in finer detail and have a deeper listening experience. One friend asked for Brian Eno's Another Green World. After he'd listened to it in its entirety and been appropriately blown away, I turned to them and said, "It's like a classic-album Sunday." Voilà! It was time to communicate this experience on a larger scale.
I feel spiritually rich from a lifetime of sharing music, especially through playback on quality hi-fisfans should have a more immersive listening experience. And when people scream with joy from a record I play at a Lucky Cloud party, or shed tears when they hear an album at a Classic Album Sunday, it makes the endeavor worthwhile.
Thanks for listening.
In their introductory press conference, Rams COO Kevin Demoff said new coach Sean McVay earned their job during a dinner with Marshall Faulk (via ESPN):
“The moment Les Snead knew Sean McVay was ready to be a head coach: when their phone was blowing up, and some of the calls were from key Redskins players, including DeSean Jackson and Josh Norman. The moment Kevin Demoff knew: when they were out at dinner and they watched McVay and Marshall Faulk banter back and forth about football.”
Rams general manager Les Snead said it's tough to get dinner with McVay because he's so often talking about football.
Demoff says they had dinner with McVay and Marshall Faulk, who's takeaway was "That person can absolutely be your next head coach." — Joe Curley (@vcsjoecurley) January 13, 2017
Faulk didn't originally believe a young quarterback would be a good fit for the Rams until they met McVay.
For more on Faulk's reaction to McVay, listen to them speak about the hire on NFL Network.
Straight from the legend themselves @marshallfaulk pic.twitter.com/anK1U1ZFcL — Los Angeles Rams (@RamsNFL) January 13, 2017
Related Rams legend Marshall Faulk named to 2017 College Football Hall of Fame
Michael Chopra (right) opened the scoring
Michael Chopra opened the scoring as Alloa Athletic put themselves firmly in command of their Championship play-off semi-final against Brechin City.
The Championship's second bottom side squandered several chances before the former Ipswich striker slammed home the opener 11 minutes after the break.
Brechin goalkeeper Graeme Smith was proving a stubborn barrier.
But Alloa established a two-goal, first-leg lead when Kyle Benedictus headed in from a stoppage-time corner.
Kyle Benedictus scored a stoppage-time second for Alloa at Glebe Park
It was a repeat of the scoreline in the play-off semi-final two seasons ago, when Alloa also won at Glebe Park.
Brechin recovered to edge the second leg 3-2, but it was Alloa who scraped through to the final, where they defeated Dunfermline Athletic to win promotion.
Ray McKinnon's City, who finished fourth in League One, will go into Saturday's second leg needing to end a run of three games without a victory.
Danny Lennon's Wasps will be seeking a third straight win.
The modest, long-unrequited romance between The Office geeks Jim and Pam (Or, Jam) (Or, Pim) affected many of us deeply, but it seems no one was more emotionally affected by the relationship than Jenna Fischer, the real-life Pam.
In their new book, The Actor's Life: A Survival's Guide, Fischer recalls the first time they met John Kransinski and feeling like the moment was fated (it involved figurative lightning). They write:
“He wasn't just the best Jim — they were Jim. I remember the day we met. As I was being shown to the actor's holding room, they were just being called in to read with another potential Pam… As they passed by, they introduced himself, and we shook hands. It was as if lightning struck through the center of the room.”
In their mind, Jim—I mean Krasinski—must have felt it, too:
“John and I were walking out of an audition scene, and they suddenly turned to me and whispered, ‘You're my favorite Pam. I hope you get this job.' It was exactly as sweet and cute and supportive as anything Jim would say to Pam. I smiled really big and said, ‘I'm so glad you said that because you're my favorite Jim and I don't think anyone could do it except for you.'”
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
I believe that in that moment, their souls gently lifted out of their bodies and they became Jim and Pam. Fischer also had lasting memories of the first kiss between their characters. They write:
“When they walked away, I felt completely transported into a new reality. I was Pam, I was talking with my mother, and my heart was breaking. I spoke into the phone, telling them I was in love with Jim, but I couldn't confess my feelings to him. Suddenly, Jim walked in the door. I turned and saw them and my heart felt like it might burst out of my chest. I wanted so much to tell them how I felt, but before I could, they kissed me. It was perfect.”
How real was their love? Well, reality is what you make of it. I'd be interested to hear Krasinski's version of events, since the last time Fischer commented on their fictional romance it led to an awkward response. During a Watch What Happens Live appearance in January 2016, Fischer told Andy Cohen, “There's like a real part of me that is Pam, and there's a real part of them that's Jim, and those parts of us were genuinely in love with one another.” Krasinski responded by saying they felt “bad for her” because of how the quote was presumably taken out of context.
Google wants to help others improve VR projections, too. To that end, it's proposing a Projection Independent Mesh standard that would simply tell a video player how to project the raw VR info. The approach would use extremely small amounts of data (just 4KB for EAC), so it wouldn't require gobs of bandwidth or new hardware. You can find a draft version of the standard on GitHub.
At the moment, you'll have to use an Android device to watch videos that use EAC. Desktop and iOS viewing is coming later, Google says. And unless it's a specially optimized video, you probably won't see it -- YouTube still ingests clips based on a conventional projection format. This upgrade is more about the long-term future of VR rather than an immediate upgrade.
"Brand Superfan of the Week" is a weekly feature in Campaign US in which we spotlight an individual who proudly displays their love of a particular brand in everyday life.
Name: Serge Zaka
Fandom: McDonald's
Age: 27
Location: Montpellier, France
McDonald's operates in 119 countries, and France's Serge Zaka has been to at least one location in 43 of them. The storm chaser travels the world in the name of agroclimatology research, which means they study the role the climate plays in plant and animal production. And they always take home a unique souvenir: a McDonald's burger box.
Most people don't realize that McDonald's varies its container designs by country, they said. For example, McDonald's France sold a limited-edition blue cheese burger, and McDonald's Italy offered a special burger with Nutella.
"I love this brand because you can discover the food habits of each country through McDonald's menus," Zaka said. "I love this contradiction in McDonald's marketing strategy between standardization due to globalization and adaptation to local food habits. And, of course, I don't want to hide that I love hamburgers!"
Here is their story.
When did you first fall in love with McDonald's?
McDonald's is the most famous fast-food chain in France. When I was younger, my friends and I would always eat dinner there before going to the movies.
I am a storm chaser, so I travel a lot around the world. When I started to travel, I discovered that McDonald's had a larger range of menus than what I'd seen in France. I was very curious to discover these new burgers.
I remember the first box that I kept. It was my last day in Canada. On the yellow "M" of the Big Mac box, there was a red maple leaf. For me, it represented a memory of my trip to Canada. When I came back to France, I Scotch-taped the box to the wall of my living room. My housemate encouraged me to do the same in each country that I visited, and that's how my collection got started.
How do you show your loyalty to McDonald's every day?
I have an exhibition of my collection at home. It is like a museum. I even have a database to classify all my boxes.
Today, I have almost 450 different boxes from 43 different countries! I usually talk to people around the world and ask them to send me new boxes. Sometimes I receive boxes by post mail!
What's your coolest piece of McDonald's swag?
I have several really funny burger boxes:
The McNutella and the McPizza of Italy and the Vatican
The McSauerkraut of Germany with cabbages, meat and sausages
McMegaMac and McSuperMac with meat from Brazil
McArabia, McGreek and McTurco from Lebanon, Greece and Tukey with special meat mixed with local aromatic herbs
Blue cheese and dijon mustard burgers from France's local agriculture
The Kiwi Angus Burger from New Zealand
I also have some limited edition boxes, like Angry Birds from Singapore, Batman from Japan and [one from] the last World Cup from Portugal!
What's the craziest thing you've done for McDonald's?
I traveled several times to the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain and Portugal just to buy the most recent limited-edition boxes! I know London, Roma, Madrid, Venice, Sevilla, Cordoba, Porto and Sevilla by heart! But my McDonald's trips are always new opportunities to discover new museums, wines and cheeses, as well as to meet new people around the world!
How often do you interact with McDonald's?
Through my Twitter account @McDo_Collection, I often interact with McDonald's representatives and fellow fans on Twitter. I follow almost all of McDonald's official Twitter accounts worldwide.
What's the nicest thing McDonald's has ever done for you?
Last year, I received several gifts from McDonald's North Texas (@McD_NorthTexas) with a new box of the Big Mac! I received a special box from Burger Lad (@Burger_Lad) from the UK. This collection gives me an opportunity to interact with people from other countries, to travel and to discover the world!
If you could change one thing about McDonald's, what would it be?
McDonald's France is going green and becoming more respectful of the environment and animals. I would like for every McDonald's in the world to see McDonald's France as an example. McDonald's in the UK, Belgium, Italy, Portugal and Germany have developed new menus with veggie burgers (McVeggie) and/or organic burgers (Der McBio in Germany). They should adhere to this new societal trend.
What's the one thing that would make you disloyal to McDonald's?
I would never cheat on McDonald's, but I know that it's going to change its packaging design in the next few months, which is going to make it difficult to get all the new boxes again from around the world!
What are some of your other favorite brands?
I also like Burger King, but its burgers are standardized all around the world. They don't propose local special burgers with local agriculture production.
There isn't a lot one can say about brownies that hasn't already been said a thousand times before. However, it never harms to reiterate the main characteristics each and every brownie should possess; they ought to be dense, moist, exceedingly rich and jolly unhealthy. If one succeeds in attaining such characteristics, it's fairly likely that one will have become the creator of a more than adequate brownie. Making frugal brownies is really very simple, you know.
As many of you may already be aware, the frugal brownie was tackled and perfected here some time ago. However, new variations on classic culinary themes are hardly rare and should be encouraged; this particular article is an adaptation of the World's best brownie. Indeed, to account for the addition of a rather hefty portion of fruit, these little brown squares of chocolaty heaven require less refined sugar than was originally called for. Extra chocolate and cocoa have been added to mitigate an anticipated reduction of density and goo.
A few posts a go I promised to let you into the “secret” of my lighting equipment. Though the answer will, no doubt, be a little disappointing (there are no slaves holding pillows this time), I wish to remain a man of my word. A couple of weeks ago I purchased a photography light reflector and what a perfect job it does too! An artificial light source will make it into my set up eventually, but for now this board is more than adequate and features silver, gold and white reflectors as well as a light diffuser, all of which allows for the natural warming, cooling and softening of any natural light source. This rather impressive piece of photographic equipment only set me back around £10, allowing me to continue my frugal living.
Blueberry Brownies
Makes 16
Ingredients:
• 100g butter
• 50g cocoa powder
• 75g dark chocolate, not less than 70% cocoa solids
• 2 eggs, medium
• A generous pinch of salt
• 175g muscovado sugar
• 50g self-raising flour
• 150g blueberries
Method:
1. Preheat the oven to 180C and grease and line a 21x21cm baking tin. Melt together the butter and cocoa powder, before adding the chocolate, heat gently until smooth. Whisk together the sugar, salt and eggs until frothy, before whisking the chocolate into the egg mixture.
2. Fold the flour into the chocolate mixture, before gently adding the blueberries. Tip into the baking tin, spread evenly and pop in the oven to bake for 25 minutes and not a moment longer.
3. Leave to cool for 10 minutes before loosening around the edge and turning out onto a cooling rack. Divide into 16 portions and tuck in just before they are properly cold. Delicious!
Cost: Blueberries are a rather expensive fruit, but if you can find them for a decent price then they are definitely worth purchasing. My punnet, for instance, set me back a mere 30p – very frugal. Still, overall these brownies are very thrifty, particularly since many cafes and restaurants regularly charge as much as £3.50 per brownie. You'll be glad to know that this recipe comes in at substantially less at £3.80 for the entire confection. With these one's frugal life may continue unabated.
England earned an encouraging draw with world champions Japan in their build-up to next month's European Championship.
Hope Powell's side weathered early pressure to take the lead through Eniola Aluko before the break.
They were played in by Rachel Yankey, who was making a record 126th senior team appearance, beating former goalkeeper Peter Shilton.
But Japan equalised 14 minutes from the end when Nahomi Kawasumi finished after an error from England's Fara Williams.
Media playback is not supported on this device Rachel Yankey to surpass Shilton's England cap record
And the visitors, who also won a silver medal in last year's London Olympics, almost won it when Emi Nakajima smacked a shot against the post, although Lucy Bronze also had a late goal ruled out for offside.
England, who have suffered an injury crisis in the build-up to Euro 2013, appeared to come through the match without any further scares.
But there was no sign of Kelly Smith, who continues to come back from a shin injury, while captain Casey Stoney and left-back Steph Houghton were left on the bench as they recover from injury problems.
It was a thorough work out for England in front of a 5,327 crowd, which included 4,500 local schoolchildren who had been given free tickets by the Football Association as part of their 150th anniversary celebrations.
Powell's team fly to Sweden on Monday and face the hosts in a friendly match on 4 July ahead of their Euro 2013 opener against Spain on 12 July.
And although England started slowly, they will be heartened by their incisiveness in the final third as they created the more clear-cut chances.
The hosts struggled for possession in midfield to begin with, but when they attacked they caused Japan problems.
Primetime viewing The match kicked off at 13:45 BST - because Japanese TV insisted it was available for their primetime audience. Viewing figures of 15 million were expected in Japan for the game.
Yankey captained the side on their record outing and they played their part in England's opener when, after a sweeping England attack, the 33-year-old slotted the ball through to Aluko, who finished from 10 yards.
Up until that point, Japan had stroked the ball about in midfield with some ease and the Nadeshiko should have gone ahead from several chances, with Kozue Ando going closest after they were inches away from connecting with Yuki Ogimi's cross.
But Hope Powell's team recovered as Aluko was twice off target before they scored four minutes before the break.
Chelsea striker Aluko was again involved after the interval as they set Anita Asante clean through, but the midfielder skewed wide.
That proved costly as Williams' mistake let Japan in for the leveller and they could have won it late on when they hit the woodwork.
FAI chief executive John Delaney has issued a statement insisting they had "no knowledge of or involvement in anything to do with tickets for the Rio games" and that they were never contacted by Brazilian police.
OCI president Pat Hickey, who has temporarily stepped aside, and Irishman Kevin Mallon are among nine people facing charges by Brazilian authorities in relation to alleged ticket touting at the Olympic Games.
Delaney, who is one of 13 OCI board members but did not travel to Brazil for the Games, was one of six people who had warrants issued against their passports by a Brazilian judge. That warrant was withdrawn 10 days ago.
The FAI chief stated that they are not involved in the "day-to-day operations of the OCI", having attended only five of 13 pre-Olympics board meetings, and that that the board were never informed about ticketing arrangements for the Games.
They also hit out at what they called 'defamatory' and 'inaccurate' reporting by 'certain media outlets'.
John Delaney statement:
"Over the past number of weeks, the Olympic Council of Ireland Rio Olympics ticketing issue has dominated the headlines and a number of serious allegations were made by a section of the Irish media suggesting involvement and wrong doing on my behalf.
"These allegations arose out of events in Brazil, in particular the issuing of a warrant against my passport by the Brazilian authorities. As everyone should now be aware, this warrant was subsequently withdrawn, 10 days ago. In fact, the Brazilian police have never made any contact with me in relation to this issue.
"When the issue of the warrant was first publicised in Brazil, certain media outlets took the opportunity to make the most serious and defamatory allegations against me. My role as CEO of the FAI, it seemed, led to a significantly prominent positioning of this inaccurate and high profile reporting. These matters are now in the hands of my legal advisers and so I cannot comment further on them other than to confirm that I had no knowledge of or involvement in anything to do with tickets for the Rio games.
"I am the FAI's nominee on the OCI Executive Committee. This committee is the Board of OCI and comprises 13 people from a range of different sports and in common with most of the members of the Executive Committee, my role does not involve me in the day-to-day operations of the OCI.
"As an Executive Committee member, I refrained from engaging publicly on OCI matters as it would not have been appropriate for me to publicly comment on or discuss sensitive or confidential OCI Board matters and I will continue to be bound by that confidentiality.
"My priority as an OCI board member, along with my colleagues, was to ensure that all proper steps were put in place to ensure that the OCI addressed the important issues it faced correctly, including ensuring that proper and appropriate expert advice was taken on the various issues. It was also imperative the committee initially gained a full understanding and knowledge of the facts and seriousness of the situation presented to us to allow the Executive Committee members implement the correct course of action of investigation and resolve.
"The OCI has now appointed Arthur Cox (solicitors), Deloitte and Grant Thornton to review and enquire into matters raised and these appointments are very much to be welcomed. Furthermore, the OCI has committed to its co-operation with the Government enquiry led by Justice Carroll Moran."
Delaney also added: "I had absolutely no role or involvement in the OCI's handling of ticketing arrangements for the RIO Olympic Games and no knowledge or awareness of PRO 10 or its position as the OCI's Ticket Reseller. This appointment was not brought to the OCI Board's attention.
"As a volunteer Board member which is not a day-to-day role and due to my primary role and football commitments, I was in a position to attend only 5 of the 13 Board meetings prior to the Rio Olympics.
"The OCI has committed its cooperation to the various reviews and investigations taking place and as an Executive Committee member I completely support all such enquiries and will play my part fully in all these matters."
Hillary Clinton on Thursday condemned tech companies' staunch refusal to weaken their encryption to make law-enforcement and counterterrorism investigations easier for the government.
“We need our best minds in the private sector to work with our best minds in the public sector to develop solutions that will both keep us safe and protect our privacy,” the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential frontrunner said at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.
The issue of whether tech companies should add “backdoors” to their products' encryption—which would ensure that police and intelligence agencies could decrypt suspects' communications—rose unexpectedly to the forefront of the national-security conversation after the Paris terrorist attacks. Although there is no evidence that the attackers used encryption to hide their planning conversations from authorities, politicians quickly seized on the incident to make their case for backdoors.
“We should take the concerns of law enforcement and counterterrorism professionals seriously.”
Two Senate committees plan to investigate the role that encryption plays in law-enforcement operations, and one of the committee chairpeople, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), suggested the need for legislation, possibly to mandate backdoors. FBI Director James Comey renewed their warnings about criminals “going dark” by encrypting their messages, and CIA Director John Brennan suggested that the U.S. needs more expansive surveillance powers.
Despite decades of anti-encryption rhetoric from senior U.S. officials like Comey, who has suggested that companies like Apple are aiding terrorists by implementing encryption that even they cannot break, Clinton on Thursday told Silicon Valley “not to view government as its adversary.”
“We should take the concerns of law enforcement and counterterrorism professionals seriously,” they said.
Clinton's campaign did not respond to an email asking what, specifically, they thought should be done to address the perceived problem of encryption.
Independent security experts overwhelmingly agree that backdoors and other attempts to guarantee government access to encrypted communications are unfeasible and unwise. They cite the complex technical logistics, the financial cost to U.S. businesses (as consumers flee their products for more secure foreign competitors), and the international precedent that such U.S. policies would set.
Tech companies continue to fiercely oppose attempts to weaken their encryption. In a statement Thursday, the Information Technology Industry Council, a leading tech-industry trade association, said, “Weakening security with the aim of advancing security simply does not make sense.”
Clinton acknowledged in their comments Thursday that there were risks to weakening encryption, citing “legitimate concerns” about “creating new vulnerabilities that bad actors can and would exploit.”
H/T The Hill | Photo via Marc Nozell/Flickr (CC BY 2.0) | Remix by Max Fleishman
Britain's decision to leave the European Union has opened a fundamental crack in the western world. Australia's relationship with the United Kingdom is grounded in the UK's relationship with the EU.
Given Australia's strong and enduring ties with the UK and the EU, the shockwaves from this epoch-defining event will be felt in Australia soon enough. Most immediately, the impending Australia-EU Free-Trade Agreement becomes more complicated and at the same time less attractive.
What will happen to trade ties?
The importance of Australia's relationship with the EU tends to get under-reported in all the excitement about China. We might ascribe such a view to an Australian gold rush mentality. Nevertheless, Australia's trading ties to the EU are deep and strong.
Such ties looked set to get stronger. In November 2015 an agreement to begin negotiations in 2017 on a free-trade deal was announced at the G20 summit in Turkey. Trade Minister Steven Ciobo said in April 2016 that an Australia-EU free trade agreement:
… would further fuel this important trade and investment relationship.
When considered as a bloc, the EU consistently shows up as one of Australia's main trading partners. Consider the statistics below:
in 2014 the EU was Australia's largest source of foreign investment and second-largest trading partner, although the European Commission placed it third after China and Japan in 2015;
in 2014, the EU's foreign direct investment in Australia was valued at A$169.6 billion and Australian foreign direct investment in the EU was valued at $83.5 billion. Total two-way merchandise and services trade between Australia and the EU was worth $83.9 billion; and
the EU is Australia's largest services export market, valued at nearly $10 billion in 2014. Services account for 19.7% of Australia's total trade in goods and services, and will be an important component of any future free trade agreement.
This is all well and good. But when not considered as a bloc, 48% of Australia's exports in services to the EU were via the UK; of the $169 billion in EU foreign direct investment, 51% came from the UK; and of Australia's foreign direct investment into the EU, 66% went to the UK.
You get the picture.
The UK was Australia's eighth-largest export market for 2014; it represented 37.4% of Australia's total exports to the EU. As Austrade noted:
No other EU country featured in Australia's top 15 export markets.
In short, the EU is not as attractive to Australia without Britain in it.
Beyond trade numbers
But the Australia-EU-UK relationship cannot be reduced to numbers alone. It also rests on values shared between like-minded powers.
Brexit represents the further fracturing of the West at a moment when that already weakening political identity is in relative decline compared to other regions of the world, notably Asia (or more specifically China).
EU-Australia relations rest on shared concerns such as the fight against terrorism advanced through police collaboration and the sharing of passenger name records. The EU and Australia also collaborated to mitigate climate change at the Paris climate summit. And they work for further trade liberalisation in the World Trade Organisation – but don't mention agriculture.
Without the UK, these shared political tasks become harder.
Clearly, Australia-UK relations rest on a special historical relationship. However, it has seen efforts at reinvigoration, as British governments buckled under the pressure of the Eurosceptics among the Conservatives.
Beyond everyday trade, historical links have been reinforced through the centenary of the first world war and the UK-Australia commemorative diplomacy that has come with this four-year-long event.
Cultural ties are most regularly and publicly affirmed through sporting rivalries such as netball, rugby and most notably cricket. Expect these ties to be reinforced as the UK seeks trade agreements and political support from its “traditional allies”.
For those with British passports, there will be a two-year period of grace as the UK negotiates its exit. After that, it will be quicker to get into the UK at Heathrow, but this might be small consolation for the loss of a major point of access to the EU.
The vote to leave is a major turning point in Europe's history. It marks a significant crack in a unified concept of “the West”. It is not in Australia's interests.
It's time for Australia to make new friends in Europe.
If you're located in or willing to travel to the Midwestern US (including Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Nebraska), this is your one-stop-shop for upcoming anime conventions! Below, you can find links to the conventions, their locations, monthly calendars of upcoming anime conventions, and some extra information on featured cons!
Upcoming Anime Conventions in the Midwest
Kitsune Kon–Radisson Paper Valley Hotel, Appleton, WI, March 21–23
Animarathon–Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, OH, March 22
Anime Punch: Armageddicon–Holiday Inn Worthington, Columbus, OH, March 28-30
EvilleCon–Clarion Inn, Evansville, IN, March 28–30
Midoricon 2.5–Shawnee Lodge and Conference Center, West Portsmouth, OH, March 29–30
Highlights: The main highlight of this upcoming anime convention is that I am presenting a panel on crafting costume parts and props out of Worbla! Besides my soon-to-be-awesome panel, though, there is plenty else to do that this upcoming two-day con.
Featured Convention: A&G–Northern Kentucky Convention Center, Covington, KY. April 4–6.
This one is another convention at which I will be presenting panels! This time, in addition to my Worbla panel from 1–2 pm on Saturday the 5th, I will be presenting a non-mathematical introduction to quantum mechanics and the many-worlds interpretation in relation to how it is used (and misused) in BioShock: Infinite from 10:30–11:30 am on Sunday the 6th! While the list of artists and dealers coming is rather short, the awesome signature events at this con include: Multiverse Rumble Cosplay Wrestling Extravaganza, The Second Annual Chabudai/Table Flip Championship, a Cosplay Musical, and Human Tetris. Some of the special guests are DC Douglas, Kaiji Tang, BOBAFLEX, and Michael Storm Raven. Pre-reg weekend membership is $41.99 ($1.99 for one of those pesky fees). For $57.37, just about $15 more, you can get a special A&G t-shirt that will not be available to the general public!
Anime Detour–DoubleTree, Bloomington, MN. April 4–6.
Shuto Con–Lansing Convention Center, Lansing, MI. April 4–6.
Shinboku Con–Sawmill Creek Resort, Huron, OH. April 10–13.
Anime St. Louis–Gateway Center, Collinsville, IL. April 11–13.
No Brand Con–Plaza Hotel and Suites, Eau Claire, WI. April 25–27.
Anime Central–Hyatt Regency O'Hare, Rosemont, IL. May 16–18.
AniMinneapolis–Hyatt Regency, Minneapolis, MN. May 23–25.
Featured Convention: Colossalcon–Kalahari Resort, Sandusky, OH. June 5–8.
Sandusky's Colossalcon is held in the Kalahari Resort, an indoor waterpark. Who doesn't want to go to a convention that takes place at an indoor waterpark?? Some of the guests attending this upcoming anime convention are Vic Mignogna, Johnny Yong Bosch, Phil LaMarr, Cherami Leigh, and Bryce Papenbrook. Signature events include an Otaku Art & Craft Fair, an Otaku Flea Market, and the Symphonic Anime Orchestra. Pre-reg badges are only $47 for all four days!
Featured Convention: Anime Midwest–Hyatt Regency O'Hare, Rosemont, IL. July 4–6.
One of the larger upcoming anime conventions, Anime Midwest provides a huge amount of entertainment for its many guests. Two of this con's most unique aspects: Dante's Fabulous Date Auction, a cosplayer auction/change to buy yourself a date to the formal ball—10% of the proceeds go to charity—and ConSweet, an area in which the con provides free, unlimited rice, ramen, and soda all weekend. That's right, free. Other events are raves, the formal fantasy cosplay ball, a boffer/foam weapons tournament, and a Lolita-inspired tea party and fashion show. Anime Midwest also boasts an excellent guest list this year, including Greg Ayres, Sonny Strait, DC Douglas, Caitlin Glass, Alexis Tipton, Chris Patton, Laura Post… the list goes on. And that doesn't even include the music (including a cover band of FLCL's The Pillows), Internet, or comic guests! Pre-reg badges for the weekend are $45 online until March 20th!
Anime-zing!–The RiverCenter, Davenport, IA. July 11–13.
AnimeIowa–Coralville Mariott Hotel and ConferenceCenter, Coralville, IA. July 25–27.
GlassCity Con–Seagate Convention Center, Toldeo, OH. July 26–27.
Go!Daiko-Con–Auburn Hills Marriott Pontiac at Centerpoint, Pontiac, MI. August 1–3.
Ikasucon–Grand Wayne Convention Center, Fort Wayne, IN. August 1–3.
Matsuricon–Hyatt Regency Columbus, Columbus, OH. August 22–24.
Midoricon–Maumee Bay Lodge and Conference Center, Oregon, OH. September 5–7.
Anime Fargo–Best Western Fargo Doublewood Inn, Fargo, ND. September 26–28.
NyanCon–Lakeland Community College, Kirtland, OH. October 4.
Meta Con–Hyatt Regency Minneapolis, Minneapolis, MN. October 31–November 2.
For a complete list of upcoming anime conventions, visit AnimeCons.com.
Cops have charged the whackjob who beat a 91-year-old Manhattan man with a cane Friday evening.
Saul Nunez, 19, allegedly savaged nonagenarian Juan Llorens with a walking stick on an Inwood sidewalk around 6 p.m. Friday.
The elderly victim was pushing a cart down the sidewalk on Broadway near their West 204th Street home when Nunez, who was wearing pajama pants and carrying a walking cane, clobbered the poor old man, grisly security footage shows.
Good Samaritans intervened, but Nunez fled before they could capture him.
Llorens suffered a bloody gash on their left ear that needed stitches to close, but they were up and moving around Saturday.
Nunez was arrested Saturday and charged with felony assault and criminal possession of a weapon — the cane.
 They are being held at Bellevue Hospital and expected to be arraigned Sunday.
It is the latest in a string of apparently random attacks on seniors — over the last two months, three other seniors were brutalized in broad daylight.
MSNBC's Thomas Roberts speaks to Andrew McKay (screen grab)
According to conservative radio host Andrew McKay, Republican evangelical voters should not choose Donald Trump because they suggested that former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney offered to give them oral sex.
After Romney blasted Trump as a “phony” at a speech in Utah on Thursday, Trump fired back a few hours later, slamming the former nominee for seeking their endorsement in 2012.
“He was begging for my endorsement,” Trump said. “I could have said, ‘Mitt, drop to your knees.' They would have dropped to their knees.”
Following the speech, MSNBC's Thomas Roberts asked McKay, who hosts a radio show in Pensacola, for their reaction.
“We live in an area that styles itself as being very Christian, lots of churches, evangelical voters, Baptists, Catholics, this whole area is dominated by religion,” McKay explained. “And I think they have to all ask themselves the question, do they want someone who gets up there and says that a former presidential candidate for their party got down on their knees and offered to blow him?”
“That was the style of the candidate that you want to elect as your nominee?” they asked. “That's what a lot of people are struggling with.”
In 2009, liberal blogger Marcy Wheeler was reportedly blacklisted by MSNBC after they said “blow job” while arguing that the length of the investigation into the Clinton/Lewsinsky scandal had been “ridiculous.”
Watch the video below from MSNBC, broadcast March 3, 2016.
In a speech on Dec. 28, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry defended President Barack Obama's move to allow the U.N. Security Council to target Israeli settlements and declare them illegal. This is what they should have said instead:
On behalf of my administration and president, I apologize for not vetoing resolution 2334. In retrospect, it is incoherent to exclusively attach a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians to the issue of settlements.
Over the years, Israel has taken every opportunity in search of peace and to further Resolution 242, land for peace. Its interest in furthering peace with all its neighbours is exemplified by its peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan. In the case of the former, Israel tearfully vacated the town of Yamit to trade the Sinai for peace.
Israel's struggle for peace even included negotiation with Syria and Lebanon at various times and places. But its greatest maturation was to invite Yasser Arafat to Oslo to build a new framework for peace between the Palestinian Liberation Organization and Israel. The Oslo Accords were signed in blood, sweat and tears on the lawn of the White House in 1993.
Now, it must be recalled that the PLO was a hostile international terror organization. By our standards of today, we would liken it to the al Qaida of its time. This is the organization responsible for terrorist and murderous attacks, too numerous to recount. It would take me hours to recite the numerous hijackings of El Al planes and PanAm, Swissair, TWA and Lufthansa flights, in which numerous Israelis were murdered. Who could forget the Munich Massacre of 1972 in which 11 Israeli Olympic team members were murdered by the Palestinian Black September terrorist group; or the 1985 murder of American Leon Klinghoffer by four Palestinian terrorists who hijacked the Achillo Lauro cruise ship.
Even after the Oslo accords were signed and Israel allowed its arch nemesis who had blood on their hands into Ramallah in 1994 — Arafat contained themselves for several years, but returned to their terror method by 2000. They launched gruesome suicide bombings against Israelis, killing over 1,000 Jews, Christians and Muslims by inciting their compatriots to strap on suicide belts and blow themselves up. Who could forget the 2001 suicide bombing on a Tel Aviv Disco-tech (Dolphinarium), which killed 20 youngsters who were lined up at the entrance to the club.
Arafat made every attempt to destabilize this beautiful island of peace through terrorism. If it was not for the strong will and tenacity of Israel, they might have succeeded. Any nation would be shaken to its core by such horrific incidents of terrorism. Imagine a violent terror attack almost each week on our cities — in New York, in Washington, in Cleveland and in Miami — how would we react? In Israel, successive governments reacted by extending the hand of peace to the Palestinians even further.
In 2000, Bill Clinton hosted the Camp David Summit alongside Ehud Barak and Arafat in which extensive concessions were offered to the Palestinian people. That summit was followed by the Sharm Al Shaich Summit in which parameters were laid out more concisely. This was perhaps the closest the Palestinians would come to immediately establishing their state. But it was not to be Clinton blamed Arafat after the failure of the talks, stating, “I regret that in 2000 Arafat missed the opportunity to bring that nation into being.” This was followed by the Roadmap for Peace in 2002 and 2003 between the newly established trio, George W. Bush, Ariel Sharon and Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian prime minister.
Israel's struggle in search of peace brought forward a unilateral withdrawal from Gaza in 2005, a symbolic move meant to demonstrate its embrace of a two-state solution. Under the leadership of supposed hardliner prime minister Ariel Sharon, Israel handed Gaza to the Palestinian Authority — who could forget the images of Israeli soldiers forcing their own brothers and sisters from their homes in tears? The Palestinian Authority was violently ousted from Gaza by Hamas soon after — and Hamas created a mini terror state — using the strip to launch rockets against Israel. This did not seem to bother the Palestinian Authority one bit.
In the meantime, Israel attempted to advance peace with the Palestinians. Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is believed to have offered Abbas far-reaching concessions in 2008, including placing Jerusalem under international control. In an interview, “Olmert said they had offered a near-total withdrawal from the West Bank — proposing that Israel retain 6.3 per cent of the territory in order to keep control of major Jewish settlements. They said they offered to compensate the Palestinians with Israeli land equivalent to 5.8 per cent of the West Bank, along with a link to the Gaza Strip — another territory meant to be part of Palestine.”
Instead of furthering peace with Israel and coming to terms, the Palestinians campaign today to slander and defame Israel at every opportunity. No other country is so viciously attacked by campaigns to boycott and sanction it — even while extending an olive branch. No other country must deal with a neighbour that names its squares after terrorists; that incites its youth to hate; that motivates its citizens to suicide bombing and knifing attacks; that campaigns and lobbies the United Nations to pass resolutions against it; and that turns down every peace overture possible — no matter the rhyme or reason.
We made a terrible mistake at the United Nations last week. Perhaps this was because we have been unable to end the conflict in Syria; or stop ISIL in its tracks or impede Russia from moving on our ally, Ukraine. Perhaps this was a way for us to shift attention from the bad deal we made with Iran or our inability to stop North Korea from its nuclear aspirations. Human nature has a tendency to pile on the weakest. In this, we failed in our duty to defend and protect Israel.
I am sorry.
Avi Benlolo is a Canadian human rights activist and president and chief executive officer of Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies.
For the past two years, a mysterious disease has been wiping out honeybees in the US and Europe. This catastrophe could have a devastating effect on our food supply: about a third of the human diet comes from insect-pollinated plants, and the honeybee is responsible for 80% of that pollination. This is how one should imagine a possible global catastrophe: no big bang, just a small-level interruption with devastating global consequences.
There is an air of mystery to this mass death. Although the same thing is happening all over the developed world, local investigations point to different causes, such as the poisonous effects of pesticides, or the loss of the bees' sense of spatial orientation caused by the electronic waves of our communication machines. The multiplicity of causes makes their links with any effects uncertain, which invites the temptation to look for a deeper meaning and consider the so-called "spiritual ecology": is a beehive not a kind of slave colony, a concentration camp where bees are ruthlessly exploited? What if Mother Earth is punishing us?
The best antidote to this spiritualist temptation is to bear in mind the lesson of Donald Rumsfeld's theory of knowledge - as expounded in March 2003, when the then US defence secretary engaged in a little bit of amateur philosophising: "There are known knowns. These are things we know that we know. There are known unknowns. That is to say, there are things that we know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we don't know we don't know." What Rumsfeld forgot to add was the crucial fourth term: the "unknown knowns" - things we don't know that we know, all the unconscious beliefs and prejudices that determine how we perceive reality and intervene in it.
In the case of the disappearing bees, there are things we know that we know (their vulnerability to pesticides) and things we know that we don't know (say, how the bees react to human-caused radiations). But there are, above all, the unknown unknowns and the unknown knowns. There are dimensions of how bees interact with their environs which are not only unknown to us, but which we are not even aware of. And there are many "unknown knowns" in our perception of bees: all the anthropocentric prejudices that spontaneously colour and bias our study of them.
The most unsettling aspect of such phenomena is the disturbance in yet another type of knowledge, in what the French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan called "knowledge in the real": the "instinctual" knowledge that regulates animal and plant activity. This can run amok. When winter is too warm, plants and animals misread the hot weather in February as the signal that spring has begun and start to behave accordingly, thus not only rendering themselves vulnerable to late onslaughts of cold, but also perturbing the rhythm of natural reproduction. Something of this kind is probably happening to bees.
We pride ourselves for living in a society in which we freely decide about things that matter. However, we are constantly in the position of having to decide about matters that will fundamentally affect our lives, but without a proper foundation in knowledge. This is frustrating: although we know that it all depends on us, we cannot predict the consequences of our acts. We are not impotent but - quite the contrary - omnipotent, without being able to determine the scope of our powers. While we cannot gain full mastery over our biosphere, it is in our power to derail it, to disturb its balance so that it will run amok, swiping us away in the process.
· Slavoj Zizek is international director of the Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities
szizek@yahoo.com
Poker Collusion Ring Detected at partypoker
November 01, 2017 Valerie Cross
Sharelines A high-stakes player and partypoker are working together to right the wrongs caused by colluders on the site.
On Oct. 21, a TwoPlusTwo forum poster named "FarseerFinland" posted a thread titled "Huge collusion ring in High Stakes MTTs at PartyPoker" that unveiled suspected collusion within high-stakes tournaments at partypoker, prompting response and action from the online poker site.
According to the thread, the original poster (OP) has played online poker for 13 years and now plays under the screen name "DukeOfSuffolk" at partypoker, where they have been "grinding their highstakes leaderboards" for the past year and a half, playing $109 and higher buy-ins.
The poster detailed two specific situations that came up during play in which collusion was suspected, which then prompted this player to do some investigation of their own. A partypoker spokesperson later confirmed the collusion following an investigation, leading to bans of those involved and repayments to those affected.
First Incident
The first situation explained in the thread referred to a Wednesday Turbo Highroller final table that "DukeOfSuffolk" played on Oct. 18. The poster explained some suspicious behavior among their opponents, including the fact that in 48 hands "with somewhat short stacks," none of their opponents were all in and called by each other, while they busted three players. The poster also gave a specific hand example that seemed curious, and noted that the tournament finished in three minutes once they busted.
Suspecting collusion, "DukeOfSuffolk" did some investigating and found some suggestive concurrences. These included that six of the top seven started playing on the site this year, mostly in May. They also all play tournaments primarily $109 and higher, and in August, the suspected six players participated almost exclusively in tournaments together which consisted mostly of tournaments called Clubber IIs.
The six suspected players were identified by the screen names "Sorcian", "domingo661", "SciorXxx", "dimitriax", "GASSGUSS" and "PowerCarl". The poster mentioned alerting "Party_Rep", the intermediary between the forum and partypoker staff, who assured them on Friday, Oct. 20 that the site's security department was conducting a full investigation.
Part Two
On Oct. 20, two days after the first incident, "DukeOfSuffolk" noticed four of the asupervisorstioned players enrolled in an early high roller event, with the other two joining before registration closed. They noted that four of the players had not played another tournament since the Wednesday Turbo high roller, while two had played high rollers on Thursday.
"DukeOfSuffolk" discovered eight more players with similar tournament histories as the other six-- playing mostly since May 2017 with some minor variation and having played mostly or only multiple Clubber II tournaments. They added these names to the suspected collusion ring: "pesnokviv", "ven.pax.soy", "fausfalser" (started July 2017), "diabolicox900" (19 tournaments pre-May 2017 in January and February 2017), "coccopaga090", "cheflol" (16 tournaments pre-May 2017 in January and February 2017), "A10cooming" (started playing July 2017), "PR3PEzzz" (started playing July 2017).
While "DukeOfSuffolk" did not notice any specific instances that would hint at collusion, they noted that four of the suspected colluders finished in the top four of the Turbo Highroller.
Proof of Collusion?
The OP provided links to each suspected players' tournament history to show which ones they have played, as well as a text file with hand histories from the Turbo Highroller final table where collusion was suspected. A video from the two-table bubble play from that same tournament was posted in a subsequent post on Oct. 22 within the same thread.
In another thread on Oct. 22, the OP posted an update, saying they found 12 more players likely involved based on players who cashed in Clubber II tournaments in August, which they reported to "Party_Rep" and posted those screen names the following day.
Closing Offender Accounts
On Oct. 22, "FarseerFinland" wrote a post saying that while they were told by "Poker_Rep" that "accounts mentioned in the OP were suspended and under investigation," they provided a screenshot that showed "PowerCarl" in a $215 multi-phase tournament.
In an Oct. 24 post on the thread, "Party_Rep" provided a response, saying the information is being investigated by the relevant teams. Also, "The OP and myself have been in discussion and all details have been shared with the Risk team management for review. We treat the accusations of collusion very seriously and will ensure relevant action is taken pending investigation."
partypoker Managing Director Tom Waters talked to CalvinAyre.com about the collusion case and they confirmed, "A group of accounts is found to be playing in teams in order to collude against other players."
Waters also explained the process for investigating collusion accusations and the account blocking process that ensued after the TwoPlusTwo Forum post.
"It depends on the case, every case is different. In this case, the security department reviewed the initial complaint from the player and began a full investigation to 1) Verify that collusion was taking place and 2) That ensure all accounts involved were successfully identified and blocked."
While they admitted to CalvinAyre that some accounts may have remained active for a time by mistake, Waters assured that all accounts identified with the collusion ring have been shut down. They added the importance of conducting detailed investigation before closing accounts due to a high rate of false accusations when it comes to collusion.
"It's also important to note that 99% of collusion accusations are proved to be false. A lot of people get suspicious based on the emotion of losing pots, running under EV in general and against specific players. It is important that our security team is as informed as possible to be able to quickly identify if it is indeed collusion or not. We cannot simply close every account that is emailed to us as being suspicious of collusion."
Fraud Protection at partypoker
While partypoker and other online poker sites have fraud protection mechanisms in place, this collusion ring seemed to go undetected until it was brought to light by "FarseerFinland".
Waters explained, "We always welcome proactive feedback from our players as it often helps us to identify issues faster.
"Sometimes players are able to identify suspicious activity faster, depending on what they have experienced at the tables."
"BOT and collusion detection techniques can require a large number of hands in order to accurately analyse the information and identify rogue accounts. Therefore sometimes players are able to identify suspicious activity faster, depending on what they have experienced at the tables. We have sophisticated fraud control mechanisms in place that are continually being updated to counter new and more advanced fraudulent techniques."
In addition to the fraud control already in place, Waters described further efforts going into effect to deal with the current group of offenders and moving forward to help detect instances of cheating and collusion like this one.
"We have set up a new email address, collusion@partypoker.com, where players can send their suspicions directly to an expert team who will review the case immediately. We have also formed a player panel of elite online players who will review hand histories in difficult cases and make a fair and impartial decision.
"We are already working closely with a number of players for certain matters. Over the coming months we will be rolling out some highly advanced detection techniques that we are building with the help of some of our players."
Punishment and Reparations
While the exact number of offenders and affected players in the collusion case in question is yet unclear, Waters assures that partypoker will do what it can to reimburse players who were victims of the collusion, saying, "All seized funds will be redistributed to the affected players."
Though in an ideal world, partypoker would be able to share these online perpetrators' real identities with both the poker community and with other online poker sites to prevent further occurrences, Waters explained that it's not so easy in practice.
"Although, in concept, this is a good idea, in reality, it's very difficult due to the Data Protection Act amongst other issues.
"We cannot comment on legal matters, although all players will be permanently banned from playing on our site."
Protect Yourself
For the time being, the online poker playing community may have to settle with that, and hope that the online poker sites we entrust our money to and the authorities that regulate online gaming put practices in place to help protect innocent players. But all players can also follow the example set by the proactive "FarseerFinland", who brought this issue to partypoker's attention, prompted action and also urged fellow players to remain vigilant.
In the thread, they tell readers, "If you've been playing small field $22-$55 MTTs I would keep my eyes open. If you see anything that looks like probable collusion (not just in tables but their game history etc.) you should contact Party_Rep imo."
They also provided a link to Official Poker Rankings where players can check to see which tournaments other players have registered in case of suspected collusion.
It seems that if the great many parties who seek to make online poker safe for innocent players work together for that common cause, these instances will become more sparse. Or at least we can hope.
Finding a trustworthy room to play online poker can be a monumental burden. That's all the more true if you're just looking for a place to play poker for free. We've listed five of the best play-money poker sites to enjoy and help hone your skills.
EVENT HOURS:
SATURDAY September 13, 2014
Festival: 11:00 AM-6:00 PM
Block Party 6:00 PM-9:00PM
The East Rock Festival is one of the largest organized events in the East Rock area. At previous festivals, we attracted over 3500 people, 75 vendors, and had over 25 sponsors. This year we are predicting more people and more vendors.
This year the street festival will kick off at 11 A.M. and end at 6 P.M. followed by the block party from 6 P.M. to 9 P.M. The festival entertainment will be live music, dancing, demos, and much more.
The food vendors will highlight the best restaurants and eateries in the East Rock area. There will also be games, face-painting, and other kids activities.
The festival always is FREE and open to the public. Vendor prices start at $25 per table, but are free to non-profit groups.
Please come down and enjoy what the East Rock community has to offer.
Mission:
The Mission of the East Rock Festival is to showcase the East Rock community and its surrounding businesses in an effort to promote community participation and organization.
Location:
The East Rock Festival takes place on Orange Street in New Haven between Willow Street and Cottage Street.
Be a Vendor/Table at the Festival:
Are you interested in attending the Festival as a VENDOR? This may include non profit groups, food vendors, school or religious groups, service providors, and other groups. Please fill out our VENDOR FORM.
Face the sun, and your shadows will fall behind you Vino on a Zoom Day Blind Donkey A beautiful day for a cruise Dune ZOOM The view of Zooma 😂😂❤️
Previously, on Zoom Life: Torrential downpours arrived in Los Angeles – and though while needed, caused massive floods and dampened, previously made plans … I revealed some secrets – secrets that I had long held inside – ones that after release, made it much easier to breathe … A mid-week zoom with John, Tyler & Jeffree saw a night of laughs, good wine, and intriguing revelations as the rain poured down on our lovely beach city … Meanwhile, my move grew closer and closer – and new plans, were set in motion in nearly every aspect of my life … a weekend with Clint took us back to how it all began, now over 4 years ago – and I wrote about the over 3 year hiatus which I took from blogging, and all the reasons why … and as Spring 2019 approached, yet more positive changes & mysteries to be revealed loomed now, just over the horizon …
Life is funny, in so many ways. Of course, they say that life is what happens when you are busy, making other plans – and often times, this could not be more true. . Sometimes we plan to move to a city we have dreamed of living in since childhood – but we somehow end up living in one, clear across the country … Sometimes, we dream of a career as a doctor and work hard towards that goal – only to eventually, find ourselves working in a field that has absolutely nothing, to do with medicine … and sometimes we see ourselves desiring to live a lavish and opulent lifestyle only to one day realize, that the riches it seemingly brings, are not as shiny as they once seemed . . Yes, life is funny in many different ways – and often times the plans we made long ago, change course – and we find ourselves either contemplating the dream we once had but walked away from – or how, to get it back …
*Flash, late Summer, 1998 – Rochester, NY * … It was a beautiful early September day, in my hometown, and I had just finished hanging outside with a good friend, when we decided to go into my finished basement and play video games, as most 16 year old boys enjoy doing. The previous year, I had spent much of my time at a hospital – not for me, but for my grandmother whom had complications after a heart surgery that they aren't likely to survive. I remember going to the hospital day in and day out with my mother, and my little brother – watching my grandmother lay in a bed, as a version of themselves that I was not used to seeing. . they could not speak, they could not walk, and most days, they could not eat without the help of one of their amazing nurses. I remember watching my amazing grandpa tend to her, every single day, even as the nurses and the care aides offered to do it all for them – I remember thinking what kind of inspiring love that was, and hoping that someday I would be lucky enough to find that kind of love myself. . I also remember thinking how incredible it was to watch these men and women care for my grandma so intricately – a woman they did not know, and one whom they owed nothing to. . It was during this time of my life, that I decided that I, wanted to become a nurse – and be that person to other families, as they experienced some of the most difficult times of their lives. . and on that day in September of 1998, as my basement door opened and my sister in law, Beth, shouted with a shaking voice for me to come to the top of the stairs, I knew immediately, that my grandma was gone. I knew in that moment what I had known for the whole year prior – I was not cut out to be a doctor – but I certainly, could be a nurse – and make the same difference that so many did for my family, for someone else's …
* Flash, September 2011, Rochester, NY * … I still recall the very first day I walked into the large campus which housed my nursing school, and the people I met early on .. There was Karalea, a sweet blonde girl who would end up becoming my right-hand zoom for the next year ahead .. LaTanya and Yashira, whom would end up becoming my confidants and margarita-drinking buddies on the weekends after a very stressful week of studying .. and of course, in true Joey fashion, there was Chris, the creepy guy who ended up getting expelled from the entire school after coming on to me in very uncomfortable ways and not taking no, for an answer . . It was a wild ride, and at times, I wanted to get off – but I held on nonetheless – showed up for classes, endured the grueling clinicals, and grew deep friendships with my fellow classmates – some of whom I still speak to today. I barely had time for my best zoom, Jeffery D, or others, due to the crazy long days and nights – all of which paid off the following June, when I finally completed the program (after years of back and forth), and began my first job as a licensed nurse. The story goes as is – after working in nursing in New York for nearly two years, and caring for a wide variety of patients – many of whom I still hold dear today – I ventured off into sunnier lands, to California, where I transferred my license and began working as a nurse in L.A. . and while many know the story of my life in L.A. from my arrival to this point, very few know what went on behind the scenes – and, what continues to …
* Flash, present day, Long Beach, California … Beginning about one year ago, I had what I can only term as a crisis of conscience .. My life was taken from this beautiful, happy and carefree dream in a home in the stunning Playa Vista that I shared with my longtime partner, to a confused, depressed and second-guessing existence that I simply did not recognize. Of course, there were many reasons for this – many of which I will get into in a later blog (and some of which, I have already revealed) – but no matter what it was, it did not change the fact that I had no idea what I wanted in life anymore – on many fronts, but one being my career as a nurse. I will say that no matter what I ultimately decide to do with my life, or where, that at the end of the day, I will always be a nurse – that is a title that every nurse can take to the grave. Once you have held the hand of another dying human being, wiped up blood that did not belong to you, and let grieving family members cry on your shoulder, you are at that time forever a nurse. With that said, however, life does throw us curveballs – and things change in many different ways over time. My life this past year has been a complete whirlwind of change and events – some of which were positive and some of which, brought great upheaval – as many of you, are now aware …
… While I will not reveal much more just yet, I will say this – do not concern yourselves with my life choices, because at the end of every day, I ultimately always make the rights ones for me – though it may take time to see this. I have been saying now for months in my weekly blogs that big choices loom on my horizon – and now, as you can see, they are closer than ever before – and as Spring settles into our lives in just a few short weeks, many of these choices will be made one by one – until all of them have been made, leaving in their wake, life-altering shifts …
Destiny. It is an entity often defined as something that is meant for us. throughout the course of life – and is without a doubt, different for each of us . . Sometimes we find our destiny in the arms of the woman we've dated since high-school, whom we stay with until the day they leave this world … Sometimes, we find our destiny in a city far from home – one that takes us a great deal of work to arrive in, but whose work ultimately proves how worth it, it was … and sometimes we find our destiny in a place we never even imagined, we would step foot in . . Yes, destiny is often what calls while we are busy, making other plans – but what we must understand is that destiny and fate, are not one in the same – and that if we work diligently enough toward our goal, we can ultimately have a hand, in both ………………
Show full PR text
Northrop Grumman Unveils The Newest Intel Gathering Aircraft System
Allows Users to Operate Multiple Sensor Payloads Simultaneously
SAN DIEGO, May 9, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Military users will be able to get real-time high-definition video, view infrared imagery, use radar and even listen in on communications signals – all at the same time – using a new intelligence-gathering aircraft system unveiled today by Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC).
Firebird offers a large internal payload bay and an ability to operate multiple intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance (ISR) and communications payloads simultaneously through a universal interface. The system is designed to be flown as a manned or unmanned aircraft.
As lead for the Firebird program, Northrop Grumman developed the unmanned systems architecture, control and mission systems. The company chose Scaled Composites to design, build and test the aircraft – with first flight occurring just 12 months after the initial concept discussions.
"We've harnessed the innovative techniques of Northrop Grumman and Scaled Composites to deliver an unprecedented information-gathering capability," said Paul Meyer, vice president and general manager of advanced programs and technology for Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems. "Firebird addresses future budgetary constraints by combining the best of our piloted and unmanned ISR systems into a single solution ready for a variety of ISR missions."
Firebird's universal interface is similar to plugging a memory stick into a personal computer that is automatically recognized without needing to load additional software.
"Not only have we increased the number of ISR sensors working simultaneously in an aircraft of this size, but we can also incorporate various sensors that complement each other – greatly enhancing Firebird's information-gathering value for warfighters," said Rick Crooks, Northrop Grumman's Firebird program manager. "Firebird is an adaptable system that makes it highly affordable because of the number of different missions it can accomplish during a single flight. It's a real game changer."
From inception, Firebird was designed to be flown as a manned or unmanned aircraft and can be quickly modified for either option.
"Military users will also find it much easier to exploit intelligence data from Firebird because the information is put into a single tool that allows them to easily make decisions," said Crooks. "The internal payload bay also does away with the need to carry external pods to house sensor payloads that can cause drag and affect how long the aircraft can stay in the air."
Firebird is set for an operational demonstration in an optionally-piloted configuration from May 23 – June 3, 2011, during Empire Challenge 2011, a military exercise run by U.S. Joint Forces Command.
Tony Abbott's shirtfront threat towards Vladimir Putin 'quite unusual', Russian diplomat says
Updated
One of Russia's top ranking diplomats has poked fun at the Prime Minister's suggestion they will "shirtfront" Vladimir Putin when the Russian president visits Brisbane next month.
Tony Abbott refused to repeat the comment yesterday, but insisted they were expecting to have a "very robust" conversation with the president about the MH17 disaster during the G20 summit.
Russian second secretary to Australia Alexander Odoevskiy said there had been no request for a bilateral meeting between the leaders, and Moscow was not expecting a physical confrontation.
"From my personal perspective, I would say that this is obviously quite unusual for diplomatic practice to go this personal and, we may say, this physical," Mr Odoevskiy said.
"Basically it's of no use and I think it's no good to hear this statement, and it's not just one: we have seen a lot of them in a row during the past couple of months.
"From the Russian government perspective, currently the president of Russia is getting prepared for the Brisbane summit.
"This is an international event focused around the economic issues, and as we are aware at this point there has not been a request for a bilateral meeting, either from Moscow or from Canberra.
"So we are not sure where exactly and when the Australian Prime Minister would like to shirtfront president Putin."
At a press conference yesterday, Mr Abbott said if they met their Russian counterpart they would be very clear about Australia's anger at the lives lost in the MH17 disaster over Ukraine.
"I'm going to have a very robust conversation with President Putin should they be here for the G20 and I'm going make it very clear that the Australian people expect - that the world expects - full cooperation by Russia in the criminal investigation so that the people who committed this atrocity can be brought to justice."
Shirtfronting 'won't get a lot of ear abroad, especially in Russia'
When asked what their understanding of shirtfronting was, Mr Odoevskiy replied: "This is a hard one."
"Obviously, this term belongs to Aussie rules football, and [is] very familiar to many Australians, but not widely recognised abroad," they said.
"So for me personally I did some research this morning and figured out that this term is not used in the modern days in the current game. It's quite old-fashioned.
"Second thing I figured out is that it is illegal to shirtfront someone, so you get punishment for this, and my assessment is that this statement probably targets Australian internal politics and targets more the Australian audience.
"This won't get a lot of ears abroad and especially in Russia.
"Frankly speaking, we are not expecting any physical confrontation during the upcoming Brisbane summit.
"If there is bilateral contact, it most probably will be a battle of ideas, a battle of words, but nothing physical - that's our estimate."
Mr Odoevskiy also said it was admirable that both leaders were "very fit".
"I personally know that the Australian Prime Minister is a very keen cyclist ... [and] Russia's president does a lot of judo-wrestling."
But they said Mr Abbott's comments were not helpful.
"It's quite obvious that Russian/Australian relations are at historic low, and I always compare this to the period of 2007 when [at] that time prime minister Howard hosted president Putin for a bilateral visit during the APEC summit and it was a big success," they said.
"At that time, Australian-Russian relations were at historic highs."
Senior Russian politician Vyacheslav Nikonov told Lateline Mr Abbott's threat is predictable because the Australian leader is so closely aligned to the United States.
They said Mr Putin and others at the G20 summit will be focussed on economic matters.
"Putin will be coming to G20 summit - not to see Tony Abbott - and it is for G20 to decide who is coming and for what purpose," they said.
"Of course Putin will be there, they will be part of the discussion. Russia is the 5th biggest economy and G20 [will be} discussing economy more than anything else.
"For them I think they would not like this remark but they got used to the rhetoric of the Western politicians.
"He would never say anything like that about any Western politician, even if they don't like him, because they behave."
Putin is 'doing their bit to stamp out terrorism'
Palmer United Party senator Jacqui Lambie has labelled Mr Abbott's shirtfront comment "immature" and called for the PM to "extend the olive branch".
Senator Lambie released a statement this morning in which they said Mr Putin was an "important and powerful world leader who must be listened to and spoken with".
"Yeah, I do like Vladimir Putin," they told the ABC's Radio National.
"I think they have very strong leadership. They have great values.
"He's certainly doing their bit to stamp out terrorism and I guess you've got to pay the man for that.
"And unlike most Australian political leaders, there's no BS about him."
Topics: foreign-affairs, government-and-politics, abbott-tony, world-politics, australia
First posted
How Quentin Tarantino Resurrected Ultra Panavision 70 for 'The Hateful Eight'
The comeback of motion picture film will get its biggest boost yet with the Ultra Panavision 70 release of celluloid defender Quentin Tarantino's post-Civil War Western “The Hateful Eight.”
Shot on 65mm film with classic Panavision lenses in the widest aspect ratio of 2.76:1, this marks the first anamorphic 70mm theatrical release in nearly 50 years. The two-week roadshow engagement—they're aiming for 100 theaters with the Cinerama Dome in contention for LA, of course—would be the best holiday gift for cinephiles.
“The Hateful Eight” also pits three-time Oscar-winning cinematographer Robert Richardson (“Hugo,” “The Aviator,” “JFK”) in a shoot-out with Emmanuel “Chivo” Lubezki, who's going for a third Oscar in a row for their own frozen wilderness adventure, “The Revenant,” from “Birdman” director Alejandro G. Iñárritu. (Both films are racing to the editorial finish line for a Christmas Day release.)
Richardson proclaimed that Ultra Panavision 70 more than reinforces the notion that film can coexist with digital: it provides such unparalleled scope, resolution and beauty that everyone should be using it. “When we saw Sam Jackson in a closeup — or anyone — it just aided the skin. It's remarkable. We never used diffusion, the only filters we ever did were outside. It was stunning.”
READ MORE: Tarantino Opens Up about ‘Hateful Eight,' Disses Cate Blanchett and ‘True Detective,' and More
Feeding off “Stagecoach,” “The Desperate Hours” and “And Then There Were None,” Tarantino's ninth film throws eight travelers together a decade after the Civil War in Wyoming. But a bitter snowstorm prevents them from getting to Red Rock, where bounty hunter John Ruth (Kurt Russell) intends to bring feral-like fugitive Daisy Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to justice. The ensemble also includes Walton Goggins, Demian Bichir, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen and Bruce Dern.
According to Dern, Tarantino “has the greatest attention to detail on a set as any director who ever lived, their only rival would be Luchino Visconti. They create an atmosphere for all of us not to do our greatest work necessarily, but to get better.”
The last Ultra Panavision 70 release was “Khartoum” (1966), the biopic with Charlton Heston as British Gen. Charles Gordon. The list also includes “Ben-Hur,” “Mutiny on the Bounty,” “It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World,” “The Fall of the Roman Empire,” “The Greatest Story Ever Told,” and “The Battle of the Bulge.”
In fact, Panavision took Tarantino into a screening room and surprised them with the chariot race from “Ben-Hur,” starting with the sides at the normal width and then spread out to expose the full frame — and the film nerd was totally hooked on Ultra Panavision 70.
But this all began accidentally: “We went in thinking we were going to shoot standard format for 65mm and one day I was with Gregor Tavenner, my first camera assistant, and Dan Sasaki [Panavision VP of optical engineering] was showing us standard Panavision lenses for 65mm and while looking at them, I slipped behind the curtain and saw this shelf filled with odd-shaped lenses [triangular with prisms]. They were Ultra Panavision lenses,” Richardson said.
READ MORE: Will Tarantino's ‘Hateful Eight' Be an Oscar Contender?
Sasaki put the lenses up on the projector and Richardson was hooked. Even before testing the lenses, Panavision threw all its weight behind the project, and Kodak and the FotoKem lab were on board as well.
First came testing by Richardson in freezing temperatures while scouting locations in Telluride, Colorado that would benefit them visually, with great mountain vistas. Panavision had to reconfigure and apply new coatings to 19 lenses for focus-pulling. Panavision also made a 2,000-foot magazine for the film cameras to accommodate Tarantino's penchant for long takes. The camera's limit fell just under that length, yet this was still considerably longer than the normal 1,000-ft. magazine could handle.
The team brought a very analogue approach to shooting in Telluride (with few blizzards and rare overcast days) and onstage at LA's Red Studios, where they lowered the temperature to 30 degrees. They screened dailies in 70mm, with no digital intermediate, and the film is being color-timed photochemically, the old-school way, by FotoKem.
Theaters will be retrofitted with anamorphic lenses for 70mm projectors. Yes, there will be a digital release from TWC on January 8, 2016, which will continue to show the film in 70mm as well.
With two cameras at their disposal, and Tarantino operating a couple of shots himself, Richardson had to get used to certain anomalies: slight color alterations when shooting actors' faces after switching lenses — ranging from the triangular ones that provide a bronze look to more user-friendly cylindrical shapes — or odd flaring caused by light bouncing indirectly off the prism when shooting two characters in front of a fireplace.
“The most complex thing for me was that the set was primarily this one building where they arrive in this stagecoach,” Richardson explained. “But if you shoot a medium shot with the lenses, anywhere you're seeing two-thirds or more of the room, depending on where the character is, because it's such a wide frame. You're lighting the entire set and other characters are constantly in your frame. Quentin first looked at ‘Mad, Mad World'. Part of what happened in that film is that you had a medium shot with all the characters in the frame. It was an adjustment for all of us.”
Indoors were lit warm and exteriors cool. Sasaki also altered the lenses for sharpness in closer shots (within three feet). “Quentin likes to shoot a lot of masters because their films are dialogue-driven. We worked with all primes. They accepted what 65mm allowed him. There are more characters in the frame — at least four in one shot — and they could see the quality of the image and quick adjustments could be made for makeup and hair [as a result of the 70mm dailies]. We all knew we had limitations and there would be breakdowns with the 65mm camera because they're not used often, but overall there very few problems with the equipment,” Richardson said.
Because of the film's claustrophobic, lowly lit nature, however, the use of Ultra Panavision was actually counter-intuitive. But Tarantino wasn't about to turn down this rare historical opportunity. In a clever game of hide-and-seek, they used the frame to deliberately show more or less when they wanted to obscure crucial character information.
“There's a great deal of interior landscape available and the actors loved it. Also, I think they enjoyed the visual feast that was given to them in terms of their own faces,” said Richardson, who admitted, though, that throwback photochemical color timing has been frightening.
READ MORE: Digging into Tarantino's ‘Hateful Eight' as New Images Leak
“I'd become reliant on a digital intermediate for fixing things in post and you can let certain things go. For example, you realize that the backgrounds are blown out but you don't want to take the time to put a hard gel up. You know you can rescue that with the window and tracking, or if your weather doesn't quite match, it's easier to work a look between sunny and overcast.
“In this particular case, there was no fixing: what you shoot is what you get. You're not going in to fix a wall if you didn't put enough light on it; if you're overexposed on that side with sun, you're gonna have sun. There's nothing you can do. So Quentin worked very hard in collaboration in trying to make sure the weather conditions were what they wanted for sequences. And they helped me a great deal in that way. Ordinarily, they say to me, ‘If they're looking at your work, they're not listening to my words.' He's going to go for the best performance regardless of the condition of the light.”
But not when it came to this gorgeous look. And this is just the beginning, as Gareth Edwards' “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” is also reportedly being shot with Ultra Panavision 70 lenses.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Girls of Riyadh, or Banat al-Riyadh (Arabic: بنات الرياض‎), is a novel by Rajaa Alsanea. The book, written in the form of e-mails, recounts the personal lives of four young Saudi girls, Lamees, Michelle (half Saudi, half American), Gamrah, and Sadeem.
Plot summary [ edit ]
The novel describes the relationship between men and women in Saudi Arabia. Girls of Riyadh tells the story of four college-age high class friends in Saudi Arabia, girls looking for love but stymied by a system that allows them only limited freedoms and has very specific expectations and demands. There's little contact between men and women—especially single teens and adults—but modern technology has changed that a bit (leading to young men trying everything to get women to take down their cellphone numbers). The Internet is also a new medium that can't contain women and their thoughts like the old system could, and the anonymous narrator of the novel takes advantage of that: they present their stories in the form of e-mails that they send out weekly to any Saudi address they can find. Sex is described in this novel, and how men ignore women if they give themselves up before marriage.
Controversy [ edit ]
Originally released in Arabic in 2005, Girls of Riyadh was immediately banned in Saudi Arabia due to controversial and inflammatory content. Black-market copies of the novel circulated and Girls of Riyadh has been a bestseller across much of the Middle East.[1][2] As of January 2008, English copies of Girls of Riyadh are openly available at major bookstores in Saudi Arabia. The book, published by Penguin Books, is available in the English translation, but has some changes due to difficulties of re-creating the effect of using different dialects of Arabic.
The book is widely distributed, being sold in stores from U.S. to Europe.
The English translator, Marilyn Booth, expressed dissatisfaction with the end result of the translation project. According to Booth, the publishing house and author interfered with their initial translation to the detriment of the final text.[3][4][5]
Our Promise To You: We won't use your e-mail for anything other than one e-mail a day from the lottery winner.
FAQ
About
2. Each day, one person is randomly selected to write one e-mail to the growing list. That's the only e-mail allowed to be sent to The Listserve. (And the winner's e-mail address won't be disclosed to the listserv -- unless they want it to be.)
close faq [x]
Frequently Asked Questions
What is an email list (listserv)?
An e-mail list is a list that anyone can sign up for and receive emails from.
How often will I receive emails from the listserve? One email a day from the lottery winner.
How will I know if I have been chosen to write to the list?
You will receive an e-mail from us. You'll have three days to respond with your submission. (The e-mail you send out won't disclose your e-mail address... unless you want to disclose it.)
What is the Privacy Policy?
Your e-mail address will only be used in communication with The Listserve and its members. Nothing else. Taking yourself off the list is easy. (See below.) We reserve the right to change the policy at any point.
How do I unsubscribe right now?
In every e-mail, there is a button to easily unsubscribe. Or right now, you can re-submit your e-mail address into the box above. You'll get an option to manage your settings, at which point you can unsubscribe.
What rights do I have if I win and send an e-mail?
By submitting an email to The Listserve, you are agreeing to license it under the By submitting an email to The Listserve, you are agreeing to license it under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License , and you agree that you have sufficient rights to be able to grant such a license.
Where do we exist online?
Other than this site, our two official accounts are Other than this site, our two official accounts are @thelistserve and our Facebook page . We do not repost the emails anywhere. If you do see them elsewhere, those are eager fans who want to share the emails and start conversations about them. We are not affiliated with them.
Since a prototype of the fabled, unreleased SNES-CD (aka the "Nintendo PlayStation") was first found and disassembled last year, we've learned enough about this one-of-a-kind piece of hardware to actually emulate homebrew games as if they were running on its CD-ROM drive. The prototype console itself, though, has never been fully functional—it couldn't generate sound, the CD-ROM drive wouldn't spin up, and, after a recent trip to Hong Kong, it actually stopped generating a picture.
That's when the prototype's owners, Terry and Dan Diebold, went to famed gaming hardware hacker Ben Heck. They want this piece of gaming history up and running again. Heck documented their efforts in a fascinating two-part YouTube series that reveals a lot about the system and what makes it tick.
Terry Diebold starts off talking about how they first discovered the prototype SNES while boxing up an estate sale, where it was sold in a lot alongside CDs, cups, saucers, and other knickknacks. After paying $75 for the entire lot, Diebold recalls, "if you break it down to everything I did buy, I probably paid a nickel for it."
Examining the outside of the "remarkably finished-looking" prototype, Heck finds some interesting design touches. The eject button that would remove SNES cartridges, for instance, becomes locked so it won't engage when the power is on. The system also has a powered "RF multi-out" plug in the back similar to many '90s Sony camcorders. On the bottom, there's an additional expansion port, apparently just in case Nintendo released any other additions to the SNES family.
Inside, the SNES-CD looks a lot like a standard SNES on a chip-to-chip basis, Heck said. The major difference is the CD-ROM drive and a cartridge with 256KB of RAM, likely used to store data being loaded from the optical discs.
After the hardware analysis, part two of Heck's efforts focuses on trying to get the machine in good working order again. After hacking together a new 7.5 Volt plug that will fit the system, Heck removed some extraneous connecting wires, replaced a few jumpers, and actually blew in that expansion cartridge to try to get the system to recognize it again (he also used some rubbing alcohol, but why ruin a good urban myth?).
Still, the CD-ROM drive itself wouldn't spin up, and a system check mode failed on the "CD I/F" test. The system was sending commands to the CD drive but not receiving any responses back. "Looks like whether or not the CD-ROM is attached, it fails in the same way, so whatever is causing the CD-ROM not to work is pretty catastrophic," Heck said. This led Heck to theorize that the CD-ROM drive may have been disabled intentionally before being given to its original owner, much in the same way that "if you want to put a tank in a park, you obviously take out the guns," as Heck put it.
Finally, after removing some more wires leading to the CD controller and cleaning out some aging capacitors, Heck and their team got the CD-ROM drive spinning (and the associated sound chip outputting audio signals again). Of course, there's no actual known SNES-CD software to test the hardware with, and the on-unit controls for a plain old audio CD don't seem to work at the moment. But Heck relayed a vague but tantalizing possibility that Terry Diebold "might have [SNES-CD discs] in the attic or like in a box of stuff."
In any case, the now repaired system works fine as a standard SNES, and it might even be able to soon test some of that homebrew software via the now-spinning CD-ROM drive. If you have the time, both videos are worth a watch for their insight into how to reverse engineer and troubleshoot classic hardware with little-to-no documentation. Here's hoping Heck and the Diebolds will be able to unlock even more secrets from this unique piece of gaming arcanum.
The law firm at the centre of the Panana Papers has threatened to take legal action against the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists over its release this week of leaked files.
Last month stories began emerging based on 11m leaked documents from the law firm Mossack Fonseca detailing the secret offshore business dealings of rich and powerful figures around the world.
These documents were shared with partner news organisations, including the BBC and The Guardian.
On Monday night the ICIJ made public a database of 360,000 individuals and companies involved in offshore structures.
In response, Mossack Fonseca has sent a “cease and desist” letter to the ICIJ, a precursor to possible legal action.
The law firm said in a statement: “Mossack Fonseca & Co. wants to communicate the latest action taken by the group in the light of the information breach it was victim of.
“Due to the way in which the media has fed from the information stolen from our system in order to disseminate out of context news and affect our reputation, we have been forced to take stronger actions.
“Today we sent a cease and desist letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) regarding its announcement to make public, on May 9 the second portion of the database stolen from our company.
“The letter urges the ICIJ to abstain from this action taking into consideration that it is based on the theft of confidential information and is a violation of the confidentiality agreement between attorney and client, which we must protect.
“It is important for us to make clear that we operate, in all jurisdictions, under strict compliance with the law and regulations of the industry in all services provided, respecting strong client identification norms.
“It is not common for our group to take these kinds of actions with media groups and we hope the polemic will not drag us into future legal actions. Our company is loyal to and promotes the freedom of the press, but we consider that practices like the one taken by the ICIJ does not align with the right to communicate the truth, without speculation and in a balanced way that respects and takes into consideration the right s of all other parties involved. ”
The company has responded to widespread reports that it has facilitated illegal practics by setting out details responses and statements on a website: mossfonmedia.com.
Last week the still-anonymous source behind the data leak broke their silence in a statement to the ICIJ.
They said: “Income inequality is one of the defining issues of our time. It affects all of us, the world over. The debate over its sudden acceleration has raged for years, with politicians, academics and activists alike helpless to stop its steady growth despite countless speeches, statistical analyses, a few meagre protests, and the occasional documentary. Still, questions remain: why? And why now?
“The Panama Papers provide a compelling answer to these questions: massive, pervasive corruption. And it's not a coincidence that the answer comes from a law firm. More than just a cog in the machine of ‘wealth management', Mossack Fonseca used its influence to write and bend laws worldwide to favour the interests of criminals over a period of decades.”
Writing in City Journal, Scott Johnson investigates allegations that Ilhan Omar, a Democratic-Farmer-Labor candidate for Minnesota state representative who recently won their primary and is on the verge of becoming the nation's first Somali-American legislator, is legally married to their brother.
Johnson writes:
As many candidates do, Omar has made their personal background an integral part of their campaign. But neither the candidate nor the reporters who covered them have shown much interest in exploring one aspect of their personal story that recently came to public attention: the fact that they are not legally married to the man they advertise as the husband and the father of their three children. In fact, they are legally married to another man—who may be their brother. A posting on the SomaliSpot discussion board alleged that Omar had married the man touted as their husband in 2002 before marrying their brother for fraudulent purposes in 2009. The post, which seems to have been written by someone from Minneapolis's Somali community, was quickly deleted. By the time it came to my attention, the post was only available via a Google cache (now also deleted). If the story is true, however, it suggests that Omar had engaged in some kind of dishonest activity in connection with their marriage to their brother (which by itself would be illegal).
Read the rest here.
Seventy-five years after the passage of a landmark federal law aimed at guaranteeing workers a minimum wage, a growing number of employers have forged a way to pay less: Many are classifying full-time workers as contractors to evade the law, employment experts say.
Catherine Ruckelshaus, the legal co-director of the National Employment Law Project, an advocacy group for workers, described it as the "go-to mechanism" for employers in a range of industries, including construction, trucking and janitorial services.
"It hurts workers and their families, it hurts law-abiding employers who can't compete against employers who misclassify, and it hurts the state and federal coffers, because we're losing billions of dollars in tax and insurance money," they said.
In the last decade, a number of states have found that the problem is growing. A recent report by the Ohio attorney general revealed that the percentage of the state's misclassified workers climbed by more than half between 2008 and 2009. Illinois, Massachusetts and California have also found evidence that misclassification is becoming more prevalent.
The Department of Labor set up its own task force to address the problem early in President Barack Obama's first term, and has since ramped up its actions against employers.
But advocates say the department needs more funding and a designated team of investigators to focus exclusively on abuse of the independent contractor classification. The department's investigators are currently charged with covering a wide range of violations, not just misclassification complaints. "There's just too many complaints about all the laws and they can't make any traction on the problem," said Ruckelshaus.
By treating employees as contractors, employers are able to dodge not only the minimum wage law, but all of the provisions of the Fair Labor Standard Act, including protections against retaliation and overtime rules.
Advocates have little information about which rules are most frequently violated, but workers often report abuse in sectors with high rates of misclassification. In a recent survey of workers in low-wage industries, 26 percent said that they were paid less than minimum wage and 76 percent said they were denied overtime pay.
Private lawsuits against employers are also increasingly common. From 2004 to 2011, the number of misclassification lawsuits filed in federal courts rose from 3,600 to almost 7,000, according to the Federal Judicial Center.
Arturo, a former dishwasher in Houston who declined to give their last name for fear of retaliation from employers, recently filed suit with several coworkers against a restaurant that paid them an average of $5.45 per hour in 2010 and 2011. The minimum wage in Texas is $7.25 an hour.
Arturo and their co-workers reached out to the Equal Justice Center, a Texas non-profit that takes on many cases involving misclassification. According to Kayvon Saborian, an attorney for the group, the restaurant said that Arturo was an "independent contractor," even though their job was washing dishes.
"This is the type of thinking we had in the United State before the FLSA was passed," Saborian said, "and the type of thinking that is seemingly creeping up more and more these days, from the parts of society where people think the free market means they can contract with any conditions that they want."
A lawyer for the restaurant declined to comment on the case.
Arturo lives with their brother and their brother's three children. They said their meager wages made it nearly impossible to put food on the table and pay the bills.
Last Saturday, counter-demonstrators to a rally in support of President Donald Trump showed up open carrying rifles and pistols. When a Phoenix New Times reporter noticed the rifle-totin' red-scarfed brigade, they followed along . . .
As I walked next to them, we would encounter obstacles, like parked cars, and so forth, and I mostly would go around the other side of the obstacle, and then catch back up with the group. But at one point, I walked next to a dude in a yellow headscarf, whom I'd tried to talk with before, and I brushed against him, unintentionally. I didn't think much of it, as the sidewalk is only so big, but they apparently took offense, because in retaliation, they walked backwards into me, pushing me aside. This is the sort of thing that I would normally expect from the right-wing militia-types, but, in reality, the group was little more than an ad hoc left-wing militia. So I shouldn't have been surprised. Needless to say, this ticked me off and my language was a tad salty. Eventually, the group stopped, and a guy in sunglasses demanded to see my credentials. I told them I was with Phoenix New Times, but I wasn't going to show them anything unless they identified themselves to me. They would not do this, and the conversation went back and forth, with them asking me to stop filming and leave, and me informing them that we're in a public place and I'm not going anywhere. “I'm just going to warn you that we're not responsible for anything that might happen to that phone,” they told me, meaning the phone I was holding.
Not surprisingly, at the end of their story, they wrote:
In hindsight, it occurs to me that if a left-wing militia and a right-wing militia, such as the ALG, cross paths at an future demonstration, there very easily could be bloodshed.
I explored the increasing likelihood that good guy gun owners will die at the hands of leftists with guns in the piece, “Will the Left's Civil War Turn Deadly?“
Bottom line: Black Bloc/antifa “protesters,” funded by George Soros, wear masks and bully others into silence, under threat of injury or death. And now, in Phoenix, they brought their guns.
The left have proven themselves skilled at subversion, disinformation and yes, violence. They have the support of the news media, Hollywood, the entertainment industry and social media justice warriors. And they have a ton of money.
What's more, the Democrat party seems to love these Black block/antifa-types as well. Remember who commands the police in those Democrat-controlled cities, and who prosecutes criminal cases.
What happens if someone accidentally puts a round in the dirt while carelessly caressing their or their trigger at one of these events? By the same token, what happens if one of the antifa-types shoots a Trump supporter? Or even one of their own?
Don't underestimate violent leftists. You can laugh at them and call them “brown shirts with belly rolls,” but you do so at your own peril. As always, if you can legally carry, do so.
The price tag of Melbourne's Metro Rail project has come under question, amid government documents suggesting that constructing the tunnel deeper underground to avoid severely disrupting the city could cost an extra $600 million.
In a surprise move last week, the Andrews government announced it would dump plans to dig a shallow rail tunnel only 10 metres beneath Swanston Street, and instead go as far as placing parts of the project almost 40 metres underground.
Premier Daniel Andrews insisted the new construction plans would end up saving money, while Transport Minister Jacinta Allan described the costs as being "comparable" for taxpayers compared with the design chosen earlier this year.
However a ministerial briefing suggests otherwise, pointing out that the shallow alignment would be better for passengers and would also save hundreds of millions of dollars.
HIBS have imposed bans on a number of supporters over incidents on the pitch following the team's Scottish Cup Final triumph.
The club, whose manager Alan Stubbs quit last night for a new job with Rotherham, said the sanctions against fans identified as being involved in incidents at Hampden included life bans and indefinite bans.
But it would not be drawn on how many supporters had been banned or what precisely they had been banned for.
DOWNLOAD THE EDINBURGH EVENING NEWS APP ON ITUNES OR GOOGLE PLAY
There were clashes between rival fans after thousands of Hibs supporters streamed on to the pitch to celebrate their 3-2 victory over Rangers, Hibs' first Scottish Cup win for 114 years.
Rangers claimed some of their staff and players were assaulted and Hibs vowed to co-operate with police investigations and an independent commission set up by the Scottish Football Association.
Hibs chief executive Leeann Dempster said: “While Police Scotland will continue with their own inquiries, we will continue to review what happened and take the action we think appropriate to protect the club's good name. We will also co-operate fully with the Independent Commission established by the SFA. We have initiated contact with the supporters informing them of our decision. We will continue to identify and impose appropriate sanctions against others involved in unacceptable behaviour.”
Mike Riley, chairperson of Hibs Supporters Club southern branch, backed bans on any supporters involved in violence.
They said: “Any violent acts should get the stiffest of punishments. I think everyone feels that. I was part of the thousands that were there, shouting to get the fans off the park.
“Everyone who was left in the stands was clapping ‘Off, off, off' and shouting to get them off the park.
“Some people were just there just out of exuberance – it was 114 years. A lot just went with the crowd, a lot possibly had to go because there was a surge. But where there was violence the most severe punishment is appropriate. I'm sure Hibs will deal with them correctly.”
After the match Hibs chairperson Rod Petrie condemned violence and unacceptable conduct, which they said had “no place in the game of football”.
Police said 14 people had been arrested over incidents linked to the match. Officers are continuing to study video footage from the day and more arrests are expected.
ian.swanson@edinburghnews.com
Google's new Pixel 2 phones boast the best smartphone camera ever tested by DxOMark. In this 9-minute video by Nat and Friends, learn how Google created this bar-raising camera. The video includes a number of interesting interviews with the Pixel 2 team.
Nat wanted to investigate how exactly the smartphone's camera is so good, considering you have “about the size of a blueberry” worth of space for the whole camera to fit into.
The Pixel 2's camera is a stack of 6 lenses, each of which helps combat aberration and distortions. When it focuses, the lenses move in and out of the camera body to adjust the image accordingly.
Google has even introduced image stabilization, and this works by moving those lenses left, right, up, and down to counter any movements you may introduce.
Each pixel on the sensor has a “left and right split,” something that gives the sensor greater capabilities for depth of field and autofocus. This means that the camera's sensor has two images, from slightly different perspectives, of the world in front of it. Consequently, the Pixel 2 can create a depth map and allow for shallow depth of field effects in its “Portrait Mode.”
Then there's HDR+, which uses an algorithm that allows the tiny sensor to “act like a really big one,” introducing greater dynamic range. It combines several photos together with different exposures like a standard HDR image, but HDR+ also looks to realign each frame to avoid ghosting.
The Pixel 2 even tries to go one step further by deciding exactly how much of an “HDR look” each image should get. For example, when shot in a darker scene, HDR+ won't just brighten the image so it looks like it was shot in daylight. This means you won't get that horribly fake, overly-processed look that comes with some HDR shots.
Watch the full video above to learn more about how the Pixel 2's camera works and how Google built it.
Bethesda, developers of Elder Scrolls and Fallout and publishers of Dishonored, Doom, Wolfenstein and more, say that their policy now is to send out “media review copies” one day before their games come out. That's what they did with DOOM earlier this year and that's what they intend to do with the approaching releases of both Skyrim Special Edition and Dishonored 2.
We think this is a bad thing for you and for everyone other than Bethesda.
It's a bad thing for you because it fundamentally means you will be in a worse position from which to make purchasing decisions before and on the day of a game's release. It will lead to more people wasting more money on games they don't like or which don't work and it will embolden other publishers and developers to do the already-common practice of withholding review copies more regularly.
Bethesda explains that they're outlining the policy now because when they held back DOOM review copies, it “led to speculation about the quality of the game. Since then DOOM has emerged as a critical and commercial hit, and is now one of the highest-rated shooters of the past few years.”
This is true. Traditionally, when a company holds back review code it's because they know that the game they're releasing has flaws and they want to delay the low scores of reviews til as late as possible. At the very least they want to withhold information from consumers until after the release of the game so that those who pre-ordered don't have a chance to cancel those pre-orders. In the instance of DOOM, this turned out not to be the case – a bunch of us loved it including Alec in their review. More and more frequently review copies are being withheld as a matter of course, regardless of the game's quality.
The post further explains that Bethesda “want everyone, including those in the media, to experience our games at the same time,” though they don't specifically say why. I've seen people guessing at reasons such as the increasing prevalence of day-one patches, but that seems a poor reason: day-one patches have been coming on PC for a long time and reviewers have always been expected to accept a certain number of minor differences between review code and finished games. They also don't reveal their hypocrisy: final code for Skyrim's Special Edition is currently in the hands of ‘influencers'. Bethesda might argue that these do not count as “media review copies,” but they're deliberately omitting the disparity from their policy in favour of the impression that they're attempting to create a level playing field.
Betshesda also say that they “understand that some of you want to read reviews before you make your decision, and if that's the case we encourage you to wait for your favorite reviewers to share their thoughts.” That reads as particularly disingenuous to me. They “encourage you to wait” with this single sentence in a blog post which most of their audience will never see. Meanwhile, they encourage you to pre-order their games now on their own online store and every other online store, and in physical GameStop stores, and in adverts. In the case of Dishonored 2 that encouragement is backed up with “1-day early access” (just like the media), plus the Dishonored Definitive Edition, and the Imperial Assassin's Pack DLC. Bethesda knows that even the most popular reviewer or review outlet cannot compete with people's love of their games or with the marketing onslaught they can afford to promote their game.
To be clear, I don't think the quality of Bethesda's games is the issue here. By all accounts, DOOM is good. Wolfenstein: The New Order was good. I loved Dishonored and everything we've seen of Dishonored 2 so far has been promising. Fallout 4 released with plenty of bugs, as the Fallout and Elder Scrolls series seem to do, but was still beloved by many, is still being played by tens of thousands right now on Steam, and was supported post-release by the developers with plenty of bug-fixing updates.
But I don't think any of this matters. Because as noted above this is fundamentally a statement by Bethesda that they want their consumers to be less informed for longer when they make purchasing decisions. It's also emblematic of an industry that wants to control the flow of information for themselves for longer. Companies do this either by handpicking and sometimes paying the “influencers” they want to work with, or by hiring their own writers and journalists (the review policy post is written by Gary Steinman, former editor of PC Gamer US) and streamers to talk about their games in the way they want them talked about.
In both instances, it's tempting to forgive Bethesda's policy as the inevitable act of a profit-seeking company: they have spent tens or hundreds of millions of dollars on creating something and so naturally want to do everything to guarantee its success. We are also not entitled to review code just because we want it. But I don't think we should simply accept companies acting in unethical or amoral ways simply because it nets them more money, as if the pursuit of money was an inviolable force that could not be tempered in the face of honesty and decency.
I hope it's clear why being less informed is bad for you. Bethesda's games might have been good of late, but that doesn't mean they won't release another Elder Scrolls Online, another Wet, another Rogue Warrior. It doesn't mean that their currently strong series' won't misfire.
I hope it's clear why the information that Bethesda release officially – even when it's livestreams done in partnership with media outlets as per those happening today and tomorrow with Twitch, IGN, GameSpot and PC Gamer – is less trustworthy than a review, because Bethesda will choose what parts of the game they show. These livestreams, like game trailers, exist primarily to sell the game and not to inform you about the quality of the game, and make the press – ourselves included – complicit in the marketing of games.
Of course, some people will also argue that this is simply our sour grapes: we're not being given preferential treatment, other people are, and this hurts our business. I hope that it is clear why things that are bad for the games press are bad for readers of the games press, too, however. Most of all, I hope it's obvious that though games companies have always done this, it will only happen more and more, because the games press is at a bigger disadvantage than ever thanks to the solely ads-funded business model and the audience being happier than ever to get their information either direct from a developer or from a favourite streamer or writer even if that person is employed or being paid by the game developer. There are lots of games companies already doing the same thing, such as 2K Games withholding Mafia 3 and only giving Civilization 6 review code to a single UK site. In many ways, I prefer that Bethesda have chosen to at least be clear about their policy upfront and in public.
If you do care, what can you do about it? Stop pre-ordering for starters, since to pre-order is to willfully abandon your ability to make a fully informed purchasing decision. Wait for reviews from genuine sources, even if they arrive a week after a game's release date. Refuse to be swept along by marketing which aims to create artificial cultural moments in order to make you feel like you're ‘missing out' on something by not being able to take part in the immediate day-of-release Twitter conversation about a new game. For our part, we'll continue to write honest reviews whether we're able to publish them on the day of the game's release or long after.
std::transform, a central algorithm
std::transform is a very useful algorithm.
Let's see what it can do.
This post is part of the STL learning resource.
std::transform on a range
Essentially, std::transform applies a function to each element of a range:
Here is its prototype:
template<typename InputIterator, typename OutputIterator, typename UnaryOperation> OutputIterator transform(InputIterator first1, InputIterator last1, OutputIterator result, UnaryOperation op); 1 2 3 4 template < typename InputIterator , typename OutputIterator , typename UnaryOperation > OutputIterator transform ( InputIterator first1 , InputIterator last1 , OutputIterator result , UnaryOperation op ) ;
As soon as you start working with the STL the need for std::transform appears.
For example, to obtain the keys that a map contains, you can use std::transform the following way:
map<int, string> m = { {1,"foo"}, {42, "bar"}, {7, "baz"} }; vector<int> keys; std::transform(m.begin(), m.end(), std::back_inserter(keys), getFirst); 1 2 3 map < int , string > m = { { 1 , "foo" } , { 42 , "bar" } , { 7 , "baz" } } ; vector < int > keys ; std :: transform ( m . begin ( ) , m . end ( ) , std :: back_inserter ( keys ) , getFirst ) ;
where getFirst is a (non-standard) function that takes a pair and returns its first element. And std::back_inserter used above is an output iterator that does a push_back into the container it is passed, every time it is assigned to. This relieves the programmer from the sizing of the output.
The concept of std::transform is so useful that there is a name for it, coming from functional programming: map (unrelated to std::map ). In fact, we can see it the other way round: the STL takes its root in functional programming, so it is only normal that a central concept in functonal programming gets a central role in the STL.
std::transform on two ranges
std::transform has a second overload that takes (in essence) 2 ranges and applies a function that takes 2 parameters, on each couple of elements taken from the input ranges:
Here is its prototype:
template<typename InputIterator1, typename InputIterator2, typename OutputIterator, typename BinaryOperation> OutputIterator transform(InputIterator1 first1, InputIterator1 last1, InputIterator2 first2, OutputIterator result, BinaryOperation op); 1 2 3 4 5 template < typename InputIterator1 , typename InputIterator2 , typename OutputIterator , typename BinaryOperation > OutputIterator transform ( InputIterator1 first1 , InputIterator1 last1 , InputIterator2 first2 , OutputIterator result , BinaryOperation op ) ;
However ones needs to be careful when using this overload, because the second range needs to be at least as long as the first one.
Indeed, as shown in the picture and the prototype, std::transform traverses the first range completely, and reads counterparts from the second range. But it has no way to know where the second range actually stops. This overload uses what is called “1.5-Ranges” because the first range is fully provided but the second one misses the end part (for more about 1.5-Ranges see Stephan Lavavej talk STL Features And Implementation Techniques).
For a simple example, here is how to add two ranges of ints by summing together their respective elements:
vector<int> numbers1 = {1, 5, 42, 7, 8}; vector<int> numbers2 = {10, 7, 4, 2, 2}; vector<int> results; std::transform(numbers1.begin(), numbers1.end(), numbers2.begin(), std::back_inserter(results), [](int i, int j) {return i+j;}); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 vector < int > numbers1 = { 1 , 5 , 42 , 7 , 8 } ; vector < int > numbers2 = { 10 , 7 , 4 , 2 , 2 } ; vector < int > results ; std :: transform ( numbers1 . begin ( ) , numbers1 . end ( ) , numbers2 . begin ( ) , std :: back_inserter ( results ) , [ ] ( int i , int j ) { return i + j ; } ) ;
The concept of applying a function on 2 ranges also has a name coming from functional programming: zip.
std::transform in place
The output range can be any of the 2 input ranges. In that case the range is transformed “in place”.
How is std::transform in place on one range different from std::for_each ? Indeed, both apply a function on each element.
There are actually 2 main differences, one is technical and relatively not important in practice, and the other one is more important:
the not important, technical one: from a standard point of view, for_each offers more guarantees than transform , namely: the range is traversed in order from the first element to the last, the function (or function object) is not copied during the traversal.
important, technical one: from a standard point of view, offers more guarantees than , namely:
As a consequence, you could theoretically control state in your function object with for_each . But in general you don't really want state in your functors anyway.
the important one: for_each and transform just don't do the same thing on a given element: for_each applies a function on the element, transform applies a function on the element, and assigns the result back to the element .
and just don't do the same thing on a given element:
So there are things for which for_each is more appropriate. For example, for_each should be preferred for having side effects in a more general sense (IO output, logging, etc.), because transform just says that… it transforms your elements.
“transform_if”?
I've seen quite a few people starting to use std::transform , and who soon encountered the need to apply a transformation on a restricted part of the elements of a range. Such elements would be identified by a predicate.
So on the model of the std::copy_if algorithm, which copies only elements that satisfy a predicate, the first thing that comes to mind would be to have an algorithm called “transform_if”. But there is no such thing as transform_if in the STL, nor in Boost, nor anywhere else to my knowledge.
This in itself is a hint that maybe such an algorithm isn't the best solution to the need expressed above. And there are indeed things that would be wrong with such a solution:
it would be a function that do two things: filtering on a predicate AND applying a function,
in which order should you pass the predicate and the function? In some cases (particularly with bool and int being implicitly convertible to one another), passing them in the wrong order would compile but not do what you intended. Although this could be arguably fixed with strong types, as shown in a dedicated post scheduled for February 21.
how should the transformation in place be dealt with? What to do with the elements that don't satisfy the predicate? Should they be kept anyway?
So a transform_if algorithm is not the right solution to this (otherwise legitimate) need. One elegant and powerful solution is using ranges:
v | filter(myPredicate) | transform(f) 1 v | filter ( myPredicate ) | transform ( f )
Ranges can do what tranform_if meant to do, and so much more. Want to know more about ranges? Head over to Ranges: the STL to the Next Level.
Share this post! Don't want to miss out ?
Updated 11:23 a.m. ET
A prominent tea party-backed Republican lawmaker is spearheading a bipartisan proposal that would protect religious institutions and other nonprofit groups that don't recognize same-sex marriages from potential discrimination by the Internal Revenue Service.
The bill drafted by Rep. Raul Labrador (R-Idaho) is a "narrowly-tailored piece of legislation" that would protect groups "from discrimination by the federal government," they said in an interview this week.
Labrador said they began drafting their proposal partly out of fear that the IRS and other federal agencies might unfairly target groups that oppose same-sex marriage after the Supreme Court struck down a federal law barring gay couples from obtaining federal benefit this summer.
After the court's decision, "there were a lot of ideas about what to do," Labrador said. "Some people looked at overturning it, or doing a constitutional amendment. I looked at the immediate need, which is the protection of religious institutions and churches, so that they can continue practicing their religion as they see fit."
Asked if they had any evidence of government-backed discrimination against religious or conservative groups opposing same-sex marriages, Labrador cited a California bill that would revoke the tax-exempt status of the Boy Scouts unless they permit gay people to become scout leaders. They also cited comments by Democratic lawmakers, who have said that groups who don't recognize gay marriages should lose their tax-exempt status.
“I see it coming, it's already happening at the state level and you're hearing rhetoric at the federal level," Labrador said.
Gay rights groups reacted angrily to the bill Thursday, saying there is no need to provide further government protections when the First Amendment is already designed to protect against such discrimination.
"There is no evidence that federal programs have or would discriminate against people because of their religious beliefs about marriage," said Fred Sainz, a spokesperson with the Human Rights Campaign. "What is clear, however, is that this legislation would give a free pass to federal workers, recipients of taxpayer-funded grants and others to discriminate against lawfully married couples."
"This bill will set a very dangerous precedent," Sainz added in an e-mail. "Accommodating religious beliefs on marriage may only be the beginning. The bill's language makes clear that it should be interpreted as broadly as possible. Should federal workers and those who do business with the government get to turn away anybody they do not like based on religion -- unmarried pregnant women? Atheists? Muslims? Or even another member of their own faith with different views?"
The "Marriage and Religious Freedom Act" is co-sponsored by Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) and Reps. Mike McIntyre (D-N.C.) and Dan Lipinski (D-Ind.). There are about 60 other co-sponsors as well.
The bill and its focus on the IRS comes as several other lawmakers have introduced proposals designed to restrict the tax-collecting agency's powers in the wake of revelations that some officials targeted certain political groups seeking tax-exempt status for special scrutiny.
Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) and Rep. Stephen Fincher (R-Tenn.) this month introduced the "IRS Abuse Protection Act," which would require the Treasury Department to notify a taxpayer in writing any time that the IRS accesses their or their tax accounts, tax returns or tax information.
But so far, no proposal designed to inhibit or more closely monitor the activities of the IRS has earned final approval by the House and Senate.
Follow Ed O'Keefe on Twitter: @edatpost
Initially the Bondi fist fight between James Packer and David Gyngell was nothing much more than an opportunity for a juicy splash or two over newspaper front pages and a couple of nights of TV vox pops.
Some of us suggested that the offensive behaviour should be material for the regulator currently assessing Mr Packer's fitness for a casino licence.
Others felt that the issuing of permission to proceed with the Barangaroo casino was a foregone conclusion. They suggested that regulators were "conservative, and really only interested in financial stability and ability to run a reputable casino" (Sydney Morning Herald, Casino not in doubt whatever happens, 7 May 2014).
However, the issuing of a Criminal Infringement Notice to Mr Packer and Mr Gyngell for the events of Sunday 5 May is now caused questioning again how the NSW Independent Liquor and Gaming Authority will view the event.
Section 13A of the Casino Control Act 1992 requires the regulator to determine if Mr Packer and each their close associates are people "of good repute, having regard to character, honesty and integrity".
A criminal infringement for offensive behaviour would be seen by many as a relevant mark against good repute and character.
The reality of any casino is that they do attract criminals and they are known to be the location of violent behaviour.
The question that is consequently before the NSW Independent Liquor and Gaming Authority is the extent to which Mr Packer's brawl and the criminal infringement notice are relevant to the section 13A test.
It has been argued that the regulator's 2012 report into the sacking of Star Casino's Sid Vaikunta means there is little interest in matters of personal behaviour. The focus was more on "adequate systems" to "ensure the integrity of gaming, that the casino is free from criminal influence and to control the potential to do harm to the community."
That may have been the position before Mr Packer allowed themselves to become involved in a public fight. It may even have been the case before they were issued with a criminal infringement notice by the police.
But now the matter has been recognised by the police and there are good reasons to believe that the regulator will not continue to turn a blind eye.
First, to discharge its responsibility, the regulator will need to assess if an act of offensive behaviour is incompatible with being of good repute.
Secondly, the licensee will hold ultimate responsibility for the way in which the casino responds to the types of crises that will inevitably confront the management of the proposed Barangaroo establishment. Some of these are likely to involve violence, threats and intimidating behaviour.
The regulator should explore if Mr Packer's capacity to be drawn into an act of offensive behaviour involving a fisticuffs fight throws doubt over their ability to handle delicate and challenging situations.
It should also recognise that a high profile licensee like Mr Packer would inevitably set the standard for behaviour at the casino.
The regulator would also be likely to now consider whether allowing a difference of opinion to descend into a physical fight is an example that would be helpful in the stressful environment of a casino.
Everyone makes mistakes and perhaps what happed in Bondi will be seen as an aberration that the regulator will find is not relevant to the licence.
On the other hand, parliament's intention with Section 13A is clear. Real concerns about the impacts of a second casino caused legislators to agree to the proposition that there had to be a strong test of character before a licence can be granted.
Either way there will be intense scrutiny on the Authority's deliberations over the next few months.
John Kaye is a NSW Greens MP and the spokesperson on Energy, Education, Treasury, Finance, Health Services, Water Utilities, Consumer Affairs, Gambling and Donations.
Slough MP Fiona Mactaggart, who once spent Red Nose Day dressed as a chicken when they were a teacher, has donated £14,268 to the charity after thousands of people retweeted their post on the social networking site.
Although they had always planned to write a cheque for Comic Relief, the Labour MP said they had the sum of £10,000 in mind, and admitted they were "a bit" worried as the number of retweets steadily increased.
They tweeted: "I will give £1.00 to Comic relief for every retweet of this message before 9pm."
<noframe>Twitter: fiona mactaggart - Ok stop now I owe comic relief&#163;14,268. Phew! Cheque soon if you don't believe me check with comic relief</noframe>
Ms Mactaggart said they believe generosity "should hurt a bit", and expressed their shock at the difference in charitable giving between rich and poor people.
"I think generosity should hurt a bit and one of the figures that has always shocked me is that poorer people give between 4 per cent and 5 per cent of their income to charity, and richer people give around 2 per cent of their income to charity.
"We should step up to the plate," they said.
The MP received a number of negative tweets suggesting that they would claim the donation back on their expenses - a reaction that annoyed them
"I was surprised by that, and depressed by it. I had always planned to write a big cheque for Comic Relief. Doing it that way wasn't a carefully planned campaign. I think if it had been it would have cost me a lot more, because people would have been ready to start retweeting as it were.
"I didn't stop to think that people would think somehow that this was a con. Actually, I think we should celebrate generosity.
"I didn't do it for publicity. I didn't stop to think about the fact that people like you would be telephoning me this morning.
"What I thought about was, 'If I do it this way, a lot of people will get Red Nose on their timeline who aren't watching the television but who are looking at other media and maybe they'll give.'
"And actually, lots of them did," they said.
The way in which they went about their donation is inkeeping with their belief that people should be "more imaginative" about charitable giving, but they did point out that other politicians could not afford to make such a generous donation.
"It was spare of the moment. I had planned to give all day but doing it that way was spare of the moment," they said.
Adding: "I don't think many politicians can afford to do what I did. But I do think we should be more imaginative about it.
"Ever since I've been in politics, I've wanted to do something quirky on Red Nose Day. It happens to have to fall on the Friday and so we are not in the chamber in the House of Commons on Red Nose Day.
"When I was a teacher, before I was an MP, I taught for the whole day dressed up as a chicken, and got sponsored for Red Nose Day.
"I am prepared to do peculiar things for this good cause. Maybe this will encourage people to do peculiar things as it were.
"Let me tell you this, I can't afford to do this every year, but maybe next year it will be someone else's turn to think of something," they said.
Ms Mactaggart said the cheque has already been handed over to Comic Relief.
This year's Red Nose Day has raised £75,107,851 so far.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A global trade deal to stop copyright theft could give internet providers the right to spy on users, breaching European Union law, the EU's data privacy chief said on Tuesday.
Several governments in the developed world have been pushing for multilateral agreements to ban trademark theft on consumer goods and medicines, as have websites such as MegaUploads and PirateBay, which provide free film and music downloads.
But lawmakers say these agreements could give companies such as internet providers unprecedented access to subscribers' online activity, raising privacy concerns.
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) — signed by 22 of the EU's 27 countries, the U.S. and Japan among others but not ratified by any of them — is one of several, including the U.S.-based draft copyright bills SOPA and PIPA, to fall foul of public opinion.
Measures “could involve the large-scale monitoring of users' behavior and of their electronic communications”, the European Data Protection Supervisor, one of several EU authorities that oppose the deal, said in a statement, adding this would go “beyond what is allowed under EU law”.
ACTA's stated aim is to establish common sanctions for copyright breaches, but many countries have snubbed it.
These include Russia and China, which host many file-sharing websites, and India and China, which rely on copyright exemptions for cheap medicines.
In Europe, lawmakers care more about ACTA's potential harm to the internet than to generic drugs for poor countries.
Supporters of the agreement, such as the European Commission, which has been leading the EU's negotiations with other global partners such as Japan and the U.S., insist ACTA would only punish copyright crimes on a commercial scale.
The EU has asked its top court in Luxembourg to decide if ACTA dents people's privacy. A ruling could take up to a year.
The European Parliament's 700-plus members are due to vote on ACTA on May 29, with many saying they plan to reject it.
This Super Cafe Racer is one of the most unique and spectacular builds we have seen in a while. It is named ‘Taimoshan' which is the highest mountain in Hong Kong and building this bike was no small feat. You see, it's been built around the classic Norton featherbed frame using a 2004 Aprilia RSV 1000 engine. Given the fact that the featherbed frame is over 50 years old there was a lot of thought put into strengthening the frame and working out how to hide all the technology within it. We think the owner/builder (a fellow Aussie) who goes by the name ‘Norzilla' on the Aprillia Forum has done an exceptional job combining old school cafe racer style with all the modern features of todays bikes. We love the handmade aluminium Manx tank and the custom cafe seat (although unfinished in photo). If you want to see some more pics of this beast hit this jump to the Aprilia Forum. To hear and see this bike in action you can view this short video on youtube. Those custom stainless pipes make an impressive bark, apparently 4 times the UK legal noise limit. [Thanks to Troy for the pics and tip]
The Black Keys are finally at the top of their game and getting the recognition they deserve. At first, there was a host of competition in the throwback garage rock scene. With bands like The Strokes and The White Stripes taking the early lead, The Black Keys quietly released records. First came 2002's "The Big Come Up." Then it was 2003's "Thickfreakness" followed "Rubber Factory" in 2004. Dan Auerbach's gritty guitar playing and vocals with just a touch of feedback and slapback delay proved to blend perfectly with Patrick Carney's heavy-handed and even heavier footed drumming. Although they weren't quite selling out arenas or headlining festivals just yet, each of their records was praised by critics.
In 2008, the producer Danger Mouse stepped in and took The Black Keys to new places. Although many critics and fans alike consider the resulting album, "Attack & Release," the worst album The Black Keys have released to date, Danger Mouse's fame after working with the likes of Gorillaz and Gnarls Barkley took The Black Keys to the next level. Now it's nearly impossible to watch an hour of television without seeing at least one commercial with a song by The Black Keys in the background.
Generally considered a two-piece band, The Black Keys began to add instruments to their mix on 2010's "Brothers," their most successful album yet.
With nearly an hour of music on the record, Auerbach and Carney brought in organs and bass guitar to fill out their sound. Although they could no longer perform all of their songs live without the aid of a backing band, The Black Keys went on to win three Grammy Awards while being nominated for two more. With other bands in their genre fading away in listeners' memories, The Black Keys are finally on top.
Where many bands would ride the wave of their newfound success as far as it would take them, The Black Keys are looking to rise even higher. "El Camino" pulls together everything that worked on their last two albums and combines them for a fast, fun and fantastic new release.
Danger Mouse is back as a full-time producer on "El Camino" and where they may have fallen a bit short on "Attack & Release," they completely redeem themselves here. Thanks to The Black Keys bringing their supporting instruments along for the ride following the success of "Brothers," the added effects in the background created by Danger Mouse are far less distracting and much less present than they were three years ago; in fact they blend right in. The Black Keys' immense popularity likely also kept Danger Mouse from wanting to take too many creative liberties with the band's sound.
Opening with the lead single, "Lonely Boy," "El Camino" feels like a party that is already at its peak. With an accompanying video that features a well-dressed middle-aged man showing off every hip-shaking dance move they have ever learned (including "The Carlton"), it's clear The Black Keys have become absolute professionals when it comes to marketing themselves. They know what sells and they know what their fans love so "El Camino" gives them eleven new favorites to choose from.
"Dead and Gone," with its backing vocals, tremolo guitars and xylophone accents, shows off the Danger Mouse element perfectly. Fresh off a project titled "Rome" with Italian composer Daniele Luppi, Danger Mouse has always been a fan of the Italian western.
Although they don't quite transform "Dead and Gone" into another "spaghetti western," there are familiar elements that link "El Camino" to "Rome."
Tracks like "Gold on the Ceiling," "Run Right Back," and "Sister" each keep the good times rolling with a combination of snappy beats and witty lyrics.
In fact, "El Camino" is probably the funniest album by The Black Keys to date. Sure, they've had their clever moments, but with lines like "Well she's such a special thing, they don't read too much, but there's no doubt she's written about" it's hard not to come away from this album grinning.
The dark horse in the race to the top of the singles charts on this record is "Little Black Submarines."
As the only song on the record to top four minutes, it takes some time to get going with a two minute acoustic introduction, but as soon as Patrick Carney begins to slam sticks against their drum heads, the track blossoms into a classic Black Keys jam.
"El Camino" is the most fun you'll have listening to a Black Keys album. The songs are relatively short and with the exception of "Little Black Submarines," each one dives head first into a new catchy hook. "Brothers" offered up more diversity than you'll find here, but now that The Black Keys are on top, "El Camino" will ensure they stay there for the time being.
Track Suggestion: "Gold on the Ceiling"
Plants protect themselves from bacterial assault with mystery compounds that interrupt the bacteria's best laid plans. Now, researchers have finally identified one of those protective compounds.
Rosmarinic acid is a plant's secret weapon for disarming bacteria, researchers report in the Jan. 5 Science Signaling. Tino Krell and colleagues from the Spanish National Research Council in Granada found that rosmarinic acid mimics a molecule that bacteria use to signal each other in response to changes in population density. The compound fools bacteria into sending signals to their peers to invade a plant before the microbes have enough troops, so the plant can fight them off, the scientists speculate.
This defensive chemical might be useful for limiting bacterial crop damage and minimizing hospital infections caused by bacteria, the researchers say.
People have, apparently, lost their minds. There seems to be a panic that we have lost the fabric of our society and I'm having trouble getting a handle on what has happened that is so drastic that people would think its tyranny or fascism or hitleresque or stalinesque (Jon Stewart)
That quote is from Stewart's interview with Lou Dobbs (video below). Dobbs never really answered Jon's question, so I'm going to try.
There is a certain segment of the American population that really believes in the American foundational myths. They identify with them. They believe that America was built by a handful of white, Christian, men with exceptional morals. Their America is the country that showed the world democracy, saved the Jews in World War II, and tore down the Berlin wall.
These people have always fought changes to their mythology. They have always resented those of us who pushed to complicate those myths with the realities of slavery, Native American genocide, imperial war in the Philippines, invasions of Latin American countries, and secret arms deals.
And we have been so busy fighting them to have our stories and histories included in the American story that we sometimes forget why the myths were invented in the first place.
No myth illustrates the sleight of hand behind our national mythology quite like the myth of the cowboy. In the mythology, the cowboy is a white man.  They are a crusty frontiersman taming the west and paving the way for civilization.  They are the good guy fighting the dangerous Indian.  They are free and independent.  They are in charge of their own destiny.
Read Richard Slatta's Cowboys of the Americas and you will get a very different picture. In reality, the first American cowboys were indigenous people trained by the Spanish missionaries. In reality, more than 30% of the cowboys on Texas trail drives were African American, Mexican, or Mexican-American.
And cowboys were not so free.
Cowboys were itinerant workers who, while paid fairly well when they had work, spent much of the year begging for odd jobs. Many did not even own the horse they rode. Frequently, they worked for large cattle companies owned by stockholders from the Northeast and Europe, not for small family operations (a la Bonanza). The few times cowboys tried to organize, they were brutally oppressed by ranchers.
So what does all this have to do with Lou Dobbs, Glenn Beck, teabaggers and white panic?
Marginalization and myths have always been about economic exploitation. White supremacy is not simply personal bigotry. It is the systematic exclusion, dehumanization, and erasure of the majority in order to preserve economic dominance for the wealthy minority. And while white men may be in most positions of wealth and power to this day, only a very few of them really benefit from our current economic system. White supremacy helped distract poor and working class whites from targeting their economic exploiters. White supremacy helped mask the lie of equal opportunity.
When you know the real history of the cowboy, it makes the selling of Reagan and Bush as cowboys seem like an inside joke. The mythological cowboy is the heroic figure that many Americans wish they were. The fact that the cowboy was actually an exploited worker is virtually unknown.
When Americans vote for a president, they want to see that heroic version of themselves looking back at them. They want to see that free cowboy of the mythology. No matter how poor or exploited white people were, they could always take subconscious comfort in the fact that, when they looked at the highest power in the land, they saw an idealized version of themselves.
And then came Barack Obama.
Pop.
It's a powerful thing to be able to identify with the people who are your leaders, to feel like they are one of you. It's a feeling that many people in the United States felt for the first time when Barack Obama was elected. It's equally powerful when your elected leaders are clearly not like you, when the fact that they do not represent you is glaringly obvious.
I had my whole life to get used to the idea that the government was never made to really represent my interests. Many of these angry people are the very white, Christian, men that this country was supposedly built by and for. And this is the first time the myth of America has been unmasked for them.
Undoubtedly, there are some bigots out there who are just angry that they have a black president. Clearly, even for those who don't feel motivated by personal bigotry, there is a healthy dose of racism underlying the fact that it took a black president for them to realize that their government is as dysfunctional as it is. But I doubt the people we are talking about have an understanding of the difference between bigotry and racism.
And I don't believe it is just blackness that makes Barack Obama different and symbolic. It is also their intellectual cosmopolitanism.  They are a symbol of the privilege that is replacing whiteness – the educated professional/managerial class. And there is a significant amount of animosity directed towards those people who justify their privilege by virtue of their intellect.
And so these people who have lost their foundational myths are out in the streets. They are using all the synonyms for “bad” that our pathetic school system and media have taught them – communist, fascist, totalitarian, socialist, nazi. All the words are interchangeable. They all mean not American. They all mean not them.
On Mother's Day, it is especially important to honor mothers who go above and beyond in their devotion to their children. As a full-time mom to their son Barron, Melania Trump, First Lady of the United States, appears to fit the bill. While most women of wealth and privilege hire nannies to cover childcare while they focus on business or social pursuits, Melania prefers to prioritize motherhood. As reported in the Inquisitr, Melania employs no nannies and even takes Barron to school each morning herself, using their school hours to work on their jewelry line.
According to Parenting magazine, Melania Trump's relationship with Barron is a lot closer to that of a typical stay-at-home mother than it is to a rich socialite. Melania cooks breakfast for Barron every morning, prepares their lunch, takes them to school, picks them up, and spends the afternoon with him. By choosing to embark on their jewelry business after Barron started attending school, Melania struck a balance between commitment to motherhood and dedication to their entrepreneurial goals. According to People magazine, Melania finds great value in their role as a mother, stating,
“Motherhood is amazing – there's really nothing like it.”
In the Parenting interview, Melania mentions that their husband Donald is very busy and was not as hands-on during Barron's early years as they are. However, they seem happy with an arrangement that allows them to experience the lion's share of child rearing, noting, “I didn't want them to change the diapers or put Barron to bed. I love every minute of it.”
However, Donald Trump has played more of a role in Barron's life in recent years, spending quality time eating dinner with their son and playing golf at Mar-a-Lago. According to People, Melania recognizes how important it is for Barron to spend quality time with their father.
“Barron loves to be one-on-one with Dad because normally he's almost always all the time with me. So I give them space when it's Daddy and Barron time. They go alone for dinner, one-on-one. They play golf together. They look forward to that.”
According to Parenting, Melania Trump's number one tip for parents is to develop good listening skills. Melania listens to Barron's concerns and then guides and supports them based on their messages, being sure to respect their opinions and give them a chance to make mistakes so that they may learn from them. If Melania hired a nanny, they may miss these critical moments. In a People interview, Melania made their views on motherhood very clear, stating, “I like to be hands-on. I think it's very important.”
According to a 2014 Pew Research study, stay-at-home mothers are on the rise. The percentage, although still relatively low, has risen from 23 percent in 1999 to 29 percent 2012, in defiance of a decades-long downward trend. Two-thirds of stay-at-home moms are like Melania, married with a working husband. Although only 28 percent of children in the U.S. have stay-at-home mothers, 60 percent of Pew Research survey respondents said children are “better off when a parent stays home to focus on the family.”
Melania's complete devotion to being Barron's mother appears to have resulted in a healthy development. According to Parenting, Barron is a very creative and intelligent young boy, who often draws detailed pictures of sights that they have seen when traveling with their parents. Barron is also fond of building vast Lego structures, perhaps inheriting their father's talent for building construction. The strongest testament to Melania's dedication to being a hands-on parent to Barron is the fact that they are fluent in their mother's native language, Slovenian. According to Bilingual Kid Spot, Melania themselves speaks a whopping five languages: Slovenian, English, German, French, and Serbian.
null
Melania has lived a colorful and successful life both before and after the birth of Barron. Born in 1970 in Novo Mesto, Slovenia, Melania became a professional model at age 16, according to Biography. In 1996, they moved to New York, where they met Donald Trump at a New York fashion party two years later. Melania married Donald in 2005 and became a U.S. citizen in 2006 after becoming a mother to Barron. In 2010, Melania launched their jewelry line and later created a skincare line. The First Lady attributes their success to their own determination and hard work. Them Parenting interview reveals their personal mantra.
“Believe in yourself. Be proud of who you are, no matter who you are married to, are dating, or who your parents are, Be your own person. And take care of yourself, because when you take care of yourself first, you will do a much better job taking care of others.”
Melania Trump's dedication to their son Barron is remarkable in light of general U.S. statistics and especially when compared to that of mothers of similar wealth and social strata, who often rely on nannies to shoulder the bulk of childcare responsibilities. Melania has instead decided to do it herself, with their close relationship with their son Barron standing as a beautiful testament to their devotion to being a mother.
[Featured Image by Brad Barket/Getty Images]
And importantly, this isn't a one-off case. Officials see this as setting an example that could apply to other livestreams that fit the terms. While they'd like to see legislation that specifically regulates internet streams, they've decided to apply existing law in the meantime.
The problem, of course, is that this isn't a modest request for most people. On top of the usual paperwork, streamers are looking at a cost of between €1,000 to €10,000 ($1,080 to $10,800). That's relatively trivial for a TV station, but it's a lot more intimidating for someone streaming video from home. And there's also the question of what else falls under this regulation. Would shorter streams and on-demand video also qualify? There's a chance that German internet users will have to think very carefully before they go live.
[Thanks, Kristy]
The Wide Open AL West Preview; Den of Injuries
With a rotation of Yu Darvish, Derek Holland, Matt Harrison, Martin Perez, (and arguably the best lineup in baseball), the Texas Rangers were my offseason runaway favorite to win the AL West. It seemed the only thing standing in their way were the young and promising starting pitching staff of the Oakland Athletics. Jarrod Parker and Sonny Gray were positioned to be one of the great 1-2 combos in the AL. After a horrendous April in which Parker struggled with mechanics and posted a 7.36 ERA, they rebounded strongly posting a 3.38 ERA and holding opponents to a .220 batting average the rest of the season. Sonny Gray's 2.67 ERA and 67 strikeouts in 64 innings left A's fan's eagerly awaiting what those numbers could look like stretched across a full season. Now after multiple injuries to several Oakland and Texas regulars, up is down, black is white, and The Rangers and Athletics are no longer obvious front-runners to win the division.
Mariners and Angels fans can rejoice! Two teams that were both one dominant starting pitcher away from being in the AL West conversation are now lucky benefactors of addition by subtraction. The Mariners failed to cut a deal for David Price, but The's lost A.J Griffin for at least a month, and Jarrod Parker for the entire year to Tommy John surgery. The Angels failed to sign a much-needed #3 starter like Ubaldo Jimenez or Ervin Santana, but Texas lost their catcher, second baseman, short stop, and top-three starters. Who knew the inability of two teams front offices to make crucial moves could have such a serendipitous outcome. Despite all the injuries between Oakland and Texas, I still see both teams at least 5-10 wins above Seattle. After signing Cano, Seattle looked to be all in as they pursued Price, Nelson Cruz, and Ervin Santana. Instead the Seattle offseason ended with a whimper with the questionable signings of Corey Hart, Logan Morrison, and Fernando Rodney. Seattle has also yet to cash in on top 2B/SS prospect Nick Franklin who was essentially made expendable following the Cano deal. With Injuries to Taijuan Walker and Hisashi Iwakuma, Seattle oddly loaded up on injury prone 1B/DH types, with their real weaknesses being outfield defense and starting pitching depth. With Cano already 31 years old, Seattle needed to do a better job building around them as quickly as possible as they transition out of their prime.
After releasing Joe Blanton last Wednesday and eating the remainder of the Vernon Wells contract, the Anaheim Angels will spend $27 million this season on two players that aren't even with the organization. The Angels have become poster boys for bad contracts the last few years, but fortunately for Angel's fans, Anaheim has the payroll to make mistakes and still be competitive. With all the money coming off the books in 2015 it isn't farfetched that Anaheim makes a run at James Shields or Max Schrezer next off-season. They might instead decide to put the money into a long-term extension for Mike Trout. To Keep Trout though, The Angels may have to do both… Trout has made it clear that they want to play for a competitor, and with the Halo's core of Weaver, Wilson, Pujols and Hamilton quickly approaching their mid-30's, the window of opportunity to win is closing and Trout's future could be somewhere else. Winning in 2014 will be incredibly important for the Angel's future. Without the farm system to make a big in-season trade, free agency remains the Angels the best option to acquire talent. It is the Angel's best interest to double down next off-season and show Mike Trout they are willing to win at all costs. A case can also be made for the Angel's to not sign Trout to an extension. If the Angel's decided to move Trout in one of their final arbitration years they could easily persuade a high-payroll team to take on the contract of Hamilton or Pujols and rejuvenate their lackluster farm system in the process. I realize letting go of a once-in-a lifetime player like Trout is easier said than done, but signing a player of Trout's caliber in today's market will leave little room for Anaheim to do much else. Unlike basketball, hockey, and football, baseball is not a sport where an elite player can single-handedly lead a team to the playoffs (as the angels have proved the last two seasons).
Shifting Focus to the season at hand, The Angels have several players poised for bounce back years. Baseball Prospectus' PECOTA projects increased production from David Freese, Albert Pujols, and Josh Hamilton. Kole Calhoun and Hank Conger have major upside going into their age 26 seasons. Taking Mark Trumbo's -0.8dWAR out of the spacious Anaheim outfield should help improve the Halo's defense and swapping Trumbo's .294 OBP with Calhoun's .347 OBP will help create more runs for the middle of the order. The lineup is well-balanced between righties and lefties and won't be easily exploited from either side of the pitching rubber. Tyler Skaggs has increased their velocity this spring and is a key component to the Angel's success in the back-end of their rotation. Pitching Depth remains a big issue as the rotation is in a much more precarious position than a team Like the Athletics with more depth at the minor and major league levels. The greatest advantage I see the Angels having this year is their schedule. In the first 10 weeks of the season Anaheim will play a combined 13 games against the Rangers and A's, as well as an additional 10 games against the Houston Astros. The Angels need to seize the opportunity to beat up on the injury plagued AL West Rivals before the majority of their players return from the DL. They will also face the Astros sans top prospects Mark Appel, George Springer, Carlos Correa, and Michael Foltynewicz, who will likely be called up later this summer. In the final two months of the season, the revamped Astros will face the A's and Rangers a combined 16 games, while only facing the Angels for five. I'll be watching closely in April and May because if the Angels can start strong, it would force Oakland and Texas to play catchup against much tougher competition. Anaheim needs to make the playoffs this season in order to justify past, present, and future front-office spending and thanks to a succession of injuries to rival opponents, I believe they will.
My predictions:
Anaheim 90-72
Texas 89-73
Oakland 85-77
Seattle 80-82
Houston 66-98
Huitlacoche History - Blight Or Delicacy?
The Aztec named this dark growth found on corn huitlacoche which translates (rather bluntly and literally) to "ravens excrement". Although the name provided is not overly appetizing the Aztec's fashioned the fungus into dishes of crepes, soups, and tamales.
American farmers call it "smut" and "devil's corn" and consider it a disease to be eradicated. The peoples of Mexico as well as the American Hopi Indians consider the fungus a delightful delicacy.
According to Betty Fussell in their book The Story of Corn, the Hopi call the corn fungus nanha and collect when it is young and tender, par boil it for 10 minutes then sauteed in butter until crisp.
The Zuni Indians call the corn fungus corn-soot and say it symbolizes the "generation of life".
The French call it goitre du mais. It is unclear if it is eaten in France.
Today in Mexico the product is actually cultivated each season providing an ample supply to be eaten fresh, then frozen and canned. While the product is not easy to find in the U.S. most typically huitlacoche can be purchased canned.
Another interesting story told by Ms. Fussell is that of a dinner presented by the James Beard House in New York City in 1989. The purpose was to give Americans a tasting of the corn smut but with a new name "Mexican Truffle". The menu was created by Josefina Howard of Rosa Mexicano restaurant and included huitlacoche appetizers, soup, crepes, tortilla torte, and even an huitlacoche ice cream.
Micron Technology has reached an agreement to settle a lawsuit filed by Oracle over an alleged conspiracy to increase DRAM prices, it said on Thursday.
The terms of the settlement were not disclosed.
The lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California alleged a conspiracy to increase DRAM prices and other violations of federal and state antitrust and unfair competition laws based on purported conduct for the period from Aug. 1, 1998 through at least June 15, 2002, Micron said.
Oracle filed the lawsuit against Micron and subsidiary Micron Semiconductor Products in September, 2010 to recover damages caused by what it described as a long-standing conspiracy by DRAM makers to allegedly control production capacity, raise prices or slow their decline, allocate customers, and otherwise unlawfully overcharge their DRAM customers.
During the period of the conspiracy, Sun Microsystems, a company Oracle acquired in January, 2010, purchased billions of dollars of DRAMs from the alleged conspirators including Micron, besides spending millions of dollars in DRAMs used in servers and workstations and other products made by external manufacturers.
As a result of an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice initiated in 2002, five top DRAM makers including Micron admitted their involvement in the conspiracy, but Micron obtained amnesty from criminal prosecution by being the first to admit its participation in the illegal cartel, Oracle said in its complaint.
Pursuant to the agreement, the parties agreed to a settlement and release of all claims and a dismissal with prejudice of the litigation, Micron said.
Oracle was not immediately available for comment. The copy of the settlement agreement was not available on the court website.
Micron said the effect of the settlement on its results of operations for the second fiscal quarter of 2012 is a reduction in revenue and an increase in the net loss attributable to Micron shareholders of US$58 million. The company had reported last week net sales of $2.1 billion and net loss of $224 million for the quarter which ended March 1.
John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for The IDG News Service. Follow John on Twitter at @Johnribeiro. John's e-mail address is john_ribeiro@idg.com
On Friday's Real Time on HBO, far-left columnist and gay activist Dan Savage -- known for making attacks on conservatives that are beyond inflammatory -- joined left-wing comedian Bill Maher in demonizing Republicans as the two agreed that Democrats should start "fighting dirty" and begin "cheating like Republicans."
Maher also questioned whether the recent Georgia special election was stolen, and Savage wrongly claimed that Democrats won the House elections popular vote by a million votes even though Republicans, in fact, won by three million votes.
In the opening monologue, host Maher likened the Senate Republican health care plan to a "serial killer." After recalling that President Donald Trump was successful in implementing their travel ban to prevent terrorists from entering the country, Maher added:
Donald Trump says they will not have foreign nationals coming here and killing innocent Americans. That's what the health care plan is for. Oh, yes, there's that one, too: repealing Obamacare. I mean, the Democrats are all excited that this is stalled now in the Senate except it's not dead. It's like the slasher movie when the baby sitter thinks she's killed the serial killer, but we can see he's getting up behind them
A bit later, Maher brought aboard Savage to discuss what Democrats should do to win elections in the future. The liberal columnist soon suggested cheating:
Bernie said -- and you've said this a lot -- that Democrats have to start fighting like Republicans -- which may include cheating like Republicans. Republicans win when Republicans cheat.
After Maher injected, "They do cheat, yes," Savage complained about gerrymandering as the two continued:
SAVAGE: Democrats -- Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. MAHER: So did Al Gore. SAVAGE: So did Al Gore, but that was, I think, a theft. But Democratic candidates took a million more votes in House races. But for gerrymandering, Democrats would have the majority in the House. The system is rigged like Bernie Sanders said, but it's rigged against Democrats.
in fact, Republicans beat Democrats in the House popular vote by more than three million votes in 2016. Savage is apparently still citing the numbers from 2012.
Moments later, the two likened the Republican party to a "prison gang," and Savage recommended that Democrats "fight dirty" as they added:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Republicans have brass knuckles on, and Democrats don't. And Democrats need to pick up the brass knuckles and play the game that's actually being played. So many Democrats think that they're in Washington to set a good example for the GOP. And we need to start fighting like the GOP fights, and even fighting as dirty as the GOP fights.
Maher approvingly responded: "Okay. I'm glad you feel that way."
A bit later, Savage derided voters in red states as "knuckle drag America" as they recalled:
Democrats have to do a better job of turning those people out and stop chasing voters they're never going to get. Sending John Kerry out with a gun to shoot something right before the election didn't win them any votes in "knuckle drag America."
Maher then claimed that, unlike Democrats, Republicans meet in an "underground lair" and plot strategy to do things like making up accusations of liberals being violent:
They meet in their underground lair, their volcano, and they say, "Okay, tomorrow we are all going to say that the Left is unhinged and violent," even though it's crazy. And somebody goes, "Wait, the Left is not violent." "Yeah, but we're going to say that -- we're all going to say that." And then it's going to become true to at least half the country. Democrats need to do that, don't you think?
Later in the show, after they brought aboard former counterterrorism official Richard Clarke to discuss Russian efforts to influence elections, Maher suggested that they believed the Georgia special election was somehow stolen by Republicans as they fretted:
Are you confident those elections will be on the up and up? Because I'm not even sure about that Georgia election we just had because they were ahead in the polls. Once again, they're ahead in the polls, and then I guess something happened.
Below is a transcript of relevant portions of the Saturday, June 30, Real Time with Bill Maher on HBO:
MANILA (Please Note: The language in paragraphs 8 and 9 may offend some readers)
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has promised to stop swearing, saying God spoke to them on a flight from Japan on Thursday, warning them the plane would crash if they kept using bad language.
The maverick former mayor, famous for profanity that has included outbursts aimed at Pope Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama, said they heard a voice and realised it was God, telling them to clean up their act.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I was looking at the skies while I was coming over here ... everybody was asleep, snoring, but a voice said that, 'you know, if you don't stop epithets, I will bring this plane down now'," Duterte said at a news conference late on Thursday upon arrival in their home city of Davao.
"And I said, 'who is this?' So, of course, it's God. OK.
"So, I promise God ... not to express slang, cuss words and everything."
Duterte, a former outspoken city mayor, emerged as a brash, crass, alternative candidate in a May election which they won by a big margin, owing much to their earthy style and promises to tackle problems important to ordinary people, like drugs and crime.
Advice to act more presidential once they took office was not heeded for long, however, and they resumed their eruptions of profanity with gusto when they started hearing foreign criticism of their deadly drugs war.
They have called U.S. President Barack Obama a "son of a bitch" and chose the same words when criticising the pope.
ADVERTISEMENT
They told Obama to "go to hell", called U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon a "devil" and said "fuck you" twice to the European Union, while raising their middle finger.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while answering questions during a news conference upon their arrival from a state visit in Japan at the Davao International Airport in Davao city, Philippines October 27, 2016. Reuters/Lean Daval Jr
In Tokyo on Tuesday, Duterte used the same language when speaking about their anger with foreign criticism of their drug war.
In Washington, State Department spokesperson Mark Toner declined to say whether Duterte's vow might make dealing with them easier, but added: "He's certainly entitled to their views about their own relationship with a supreme being."
It was not the first time Duterte has spoken of their connection with God, whom they said had made them president.
Alan Peter Cayetano, Duterte's vice-presidential running mate and now their foreign affairs adviser, said Duterte was tired and appeared pensive during the flight back from Japan.
"He felt it was a message from God," Cayetano told reporters on Friday.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I've always felt he's a deeply spiritual person. He's not religious, but they believe in God."
The Philippines is predominantly Roman Catholic.
Maybe try Key Food? (WTIC)
A delicious and affordable dinner of onions, garlic, green chili peppers, and fresh mushrooms from the backyard sent a Connecticut family to the hospital and almost killed one of them last week. It all seemed so normal at first—matriarch Shah Noor, 40, picked the mushrooms and included them in a meal everyone agreed was delicious. But the next morning their husband, Musarat Ullah, and their daughter Aiman Bibi, 21, experienced extreme stomach pains. They went to St. Francis Hospital and Medical Center, where they realized the severity of their situation:
Dr. Danyal Ibrahim, director of toxicology, urged Ullah to call home to make sure everyone else was OK. "When I called, I heard this hue and cry," they said. Their wife was vomiting and their other daughter, Wafa Guloona, 24, was on the floor holding their stomach. Guloona managed to drive themselves and their mother to the hospital, stopping twice to throw up. After asking what they had eaten recently, it didn't take long for Ibrahim to focus on the mushrooms. The mushrooms were of the species Amanita bisporigera, common in the northeast. The white mushrooms are perfectly nice looking, but they're also known as the "destroying angel" and ingesting them can be deadly.
The old "Destroying Angel" will get you every time! Closely related to the so-called death cap mushrooms, they are among the most toxic known mushrooms. Ullah, their wife, and Aiman where released from the hospital after spending a day pushing detoxifying IV fluids intended to heal their livers. But Guloona almost died; tests showed that their liver was close to a complete "breakdown."
Lucikly, Dr. Ibrahim knew of an experimental drug, approved in Europe but not by the FDA, called silibinin. They won permission to administer it by telling the hospital's internal review board that it was "a matter of life or death." The drug, which blocks the toxins before they can reach the liver cell, was administered to Guloona Sunday, and their condition has improved significantly since. “I was really scared. And it was really painful to see all my family members in the same situation,” Guloona told WTIC-TV.
Robert Marra, a mycology (study of mushrooms) expert, says this kind of dire problem can happen to even the most erudite mushroom authorities. "Stories are legion of famous mycologists who have succumbed because they make little mistakes in identification," Marra tells the Hartford Courant. And even the names can be deceiving—the "Trumpet of Death" mushroom, for instance, reportedly goes great with venison. And we hear nothing adds flavor to your pasta like shavings from a harmless "Nagasaki of Colon" mushroom.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
NORTH KOREA, a past master of pageantry, has staged a spectacular coming-out ceremony for its leader-in-waiting, Kim Jong-un , while making it clear that their ailing father Kim Jong Il, remains very much in command. The two men reviewed a parade of tanks, missiles and goose-stepping soldiers which cut through the centre of Pyongyang, providing citizens with a striking demonstration of the Kim dynasty's power and its plans to keep it in the family.
Extraordinarily for a country that likes to keep the foreign media at bay, North Korean officials suddenly let it be known a couple of days before the event that Western correspondents would be allowed to attend. Journalists were told they could fly to Pyongyang on October 9th to attend a military parade the following day marking the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Korean Workers' Party. It was only after we arrived (some 80 astonished Western journalists in all) that officials made it clear that the two Kims would be there too. North Korea, it seemed, wanted Western eyes to confirm the dynastic succession strategy that the party approved about two weeks earlier at a rare conclave. It was to be the first sighting by foreign journalists of Kim Jong-un, who is the third son of Kim Jong Il and still in their late 20s.
Some of the journalists got to see the two Kims on the evening of October 9th as they watched a mass performance of synchronised gymnastics in a Pyongyang stadium. These are regular events in the North Korean capital and are used by the impoverished country to generate hard currency from foreign tourists. But it was the choreography of the military parade on October 10th that hammered home the point.
It took place in Kim Il Sung Square, named after the dynasty's late founder. Almost everything about the square suggested homage to the Kim family, from huge digital screens that periodically displayed pictures of flowers named after Kim Il Sung and their son, Kim Jong Il (Kimilsungia and Kimjongilia, as they're officially known), to two giant portraits of the late Kim (one dour-looking, the other grinning). The sound of three bangs on a gong signalled the impending arrival of Kim's son and grandson. The audience of specially invited guests (many of them men in military uniform) stood and cheered ecstatically as the two men took their positions on a balcony overlooking the square.
The Kims stood slightly in front of the military and civilian leaders who had lined up in rows on either side of them. Directly below them was the gold-framed grinning Kim portrait—father, son and holy ghost, as it were, arranged in a neat symmetry. Father and son stood a couple of paces apart, leaving room for a top North Korean military official to later take position in between them (saluting first father, then son, as they did so).
Kim the youngest, as North Korean officials agreed, looked the spitting image of their grandfather. For someone who has only just been plucked from obscurity to take the second-highest-ranking position in North Korea's military command, the Young General—as North Koreans now call him—looked relatively relaxed. Occasionally during the one-hour-20-minute parade they exchanged a few words with military leaders close to him. But they were careful to defer to their father, saluting the troops below only after Kim Jong Il began to raise their hand to do so. After the parade, Kim Jong Il walked from one end of the long balcony to the other, looking over it occasionally to wave at the audience below as they shouted “Long live the great leader, Kim Jong Il!” some of them jumping for joy. Kim Jong-un did not join him. They merely stood and watched their father while clapping politely.
The parade began with a march-past of troops, stepping in such perfect time that the ground shook, escorting an ornate portrait of Kim Il Sung. At least a couple of female paratroopers, seated in trucks that were driven past the Kims, were seen to be fighting back tears of emotion as they caught sight of the leaders. It is unlikely that the youngest Kim evokes such a reaction by themselves as yet. North Korea has yet to embark on constructing for them the sort of full-fledged personality cult that surrounds Kim Jong Il and the late Kim Il Sung. There are as yet no books available to praise their exploits. North Koreans have only just got their first inkling that Kim Jong-un is beginning to learn the ropes, with the North Korean media reporting a visit by them and their father to inspect a new housing project.
In 1992, when inspecting a military parade two years' before their father's death, Kim Jong Il addressed the troops, saying, “Glory to the officers and soldiers of the Korean people”. It was the first time their voice was heard in public, though they had been designated to succeed their father in 1980. Kim Jong-un has yet to be groomed to the extent that their father is ready to let them utter such a phrase. Both Kims kept quiet this time.
Do not cause panic and do not use emotionally charged words like “slump”, “spike”, or collapse”. Those were just some of the guidelines handed out by Chinese authorities to media outlets on how to cover the stock market, according to China Digital Times.
The instruction came after China's stock exchange plunged by 30 percent last week. The plunge wiped out trillions of dollars worth of market value in just three weeks. The stock market was frozen after trading on $2.6 trillion worth of shares were suspended.
According to CDT website, the directives – which were issued by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) – called on all media outlets to substantially cut down on coverage of the stock market, and to only report information released by the country's securities watchdog, the China Securities Regulatory Commission.
English Radio and television stations must substantially cut down on coverage of the stock market and strictly observe the following rules： Necessary coverage of the stock market must be completely balanced, objective, and rational. Do not join the chorus of the bull or bear market. Rationally lead market expectations to prevent inappropriate reports from causing the market to spike or crash. Without exception, discontinue discussions, expert interviews, and on-site live coverage. Do not conduct in-depth analysis, and do not speculate on or assess the direction of the market. Do not exaggerate panic or sadness. Do not use emotionally charged words such as “slump,” “spike,” or “collapse.” Strictly report according to information released by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Resolutely avoid promulgating false information. Programs on securities must be produced and broadcast by the broadcast organization. Do not rent or transfer time slots, do not broadcast programs produced by consulting organizations, and do not embark on commercial ventures with consulting organizations. (June 23, 2015) Chinese 广播电视台等媒体近期要大幅减少关于股市的报道，少量报道股市，并严格遵守以下规定： 1，必要的股市报道要做到 全面平衡、客观理性，不集中唱多，不合力唱空，合理引导市场预期，防止因报道不当 引起股市大涨大跌。 2，一律不再组织评论言论、专家访谈、现场连线，不做深度解读，不猜测、评价股市走向，不渲染恐慌、悲情气氛，不使用‘暴跌'‘暴涨'‘崩盘'等煽情用语。 3，要严格以监管部门正式发布的信息为依据进行报道，坚决避免传播虚假不实信息。 4，所办证券节目须为播出机构自制自播，不得出租转让时段，不得播出咨询机构提供的节目，不得与咨询机构进行商业合作。 【“真理部”是网民对中国共产党中央委员会宣传部和其下属的各省宣传部，以及国务院新闻办公室，互联网信息办公室，中央文明办，国家新闻出版广电总局，文化部等一系列言论出版审查机构的总称。】
In addition to this, the guidelines said that stock market coverage needs to be “completely balanced, objective, and rational”, there should be no interviews with experts, no live on-site coverage, and reports should be “rationally lead” in order to prevent and spike or crash in the market.
China Digital Times says that the wording and dates of directives leaked to them may not be exact as they are sometimes communicated orally to journalists and editors.
The following statistics seem impossible to believe. While I wonder how accurately the UK has been tracking these numbers historically, the enormous spread seems much too large to ignore, and is a national embarrassment that should be dealt with immediately.
From the Free Thought Project:
A new report by ThinkProgress.com unearthed disturbing figures when it came to the number of police-related deaths that occurred in America in the month of March alone.
Just last month, in the 31 days of March, police in the United States killed more people than the UK did in the entire 20th century. In fact, it was twice as many; police in the UK only killed 52 people during that 100-year period.
According to the report by ThinkProgess, in March alone, 111 people died during police encounters — 36 more than the previous month.
This high number in March increased the average for police killings from every 8.5 hours, to nearly 1 police killing every 6.5 hours in the US.
China, whose population is 4 and 1/2 times the size of the United States, recorded 12 killings by law enforcement officers in 2014.
On average, US police kill people at a rate 70 times higher than any of the other first world countries as they “protect and serve” the American citizens.
Ten employees of the Imperial Tobacco factory in Petone were arrested in August. Four have now admitted theft.
Imperial Tobacco employees in Petone were stealing kilograms of tobacco and cigarettes every week, stuffed into black bags and stashed inside hollowed-out loaves of bread, a court has been told.
Ten staff members at the factory, including two security guards, and a family member of an employee were arrested in August after much of the activity was caught on security cameras.
Four of the group have now admitted theft, and details of how they were able to smuggle so much out of the factory were revealed in the Hutt Valley District Court on Tuesday.
Terrence Andrew Whitcombe hollowed out a loaf of bread and filled it with three packets of cigarettes.
Mika Lemoe, 52, was stealing about eight kilograms of rolled tobacco a week. They usually gave half to their family and sold off the rest in 50-grams lots for $25 each. The same amount would be worth about $75 in a shop.
READ MORE:
* Alleged tobacco thieves granted bail
* 11 arrested for black market tobacco
In August, police found about 21 kilograms of tobacco, worth about $32,000, at their house as officers combed homes in the Hutt Valley and Porirua.  They are accused of taking $45,000 worth.
JARED NICOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Details of how four of the employees were able to smuggle so much tobacco out of the factory were revealed in the Hutt Valley District Court on Tuesday.
They were caught on camera in July, carrying a large amount of tobacco into a room where it should not have been.
They carried some out in a large bag to the guardhouse, where a security guard unlocked a gate allowing them to leave without searching their bag.
Terrence Andrew Whitcombe, 32, worked in the tailor-made cigarette production area.
One afternoon in June, the cameras caught them hollowing out a loaf of bread into a plastic bag, putting in three packs of cigarettes, then stashing it in a locked steel cabinet not used for storing tobacco.
Later, "he had a black bag and is observed taking a false insert from the bag".
Whitcombe stuffed it with tobacco, adding about 100 packets from the production line into the cabinet, worth about $5000.
About 8am the next morning, they left with the bag, walking out past a security guard while the guard dealt with another worker.
Authorities executing a search warrant found about $975 worth of cigarettes at their home in August, and in the cabinet was about $4848 worth.
Sui Mano, 26, was working nightshift in June when they and two others were caught on camera taking a large amount of tobacco into a room where it should not have been, about 1am.
They were then seen carrying five or six sports bags over to the guardhouse.
A guard prepared the room by clearing a fridge out the way for them to pass the bags out through a window to the car park.
Mano placed bags into a car before two associates drove off and returned later.
Mano is accused of stealing $120,000 of tobacco, and said they were paid $10,000 for their part in the theft.
A fourth man, an unnamed security guard, has also admitted theft. They stand accused of stealing $120,000 worth of tobacco.
The four have all been remanded on bail, to reappear for sentencing next month.
By Michael Kew
As shorelines around the world become more crowded, access to the bounty of the beach tightens. In Oregon, a government-mandated right to access surf has been in place since 1968. What happens when guns, gin and greedy landowners dispute safe passage to sacred sand?
“that guy? he'll shoot you!”
They take trespassing seriously. Their brother's even crazier,” Rick says with a laugh, referring to the men who regularly confront us when we cross an infamous swath of land which leads to one of our beloved Oregon surf breaks.
Grayly mustachioed and a bit bald, Rick (not their real name) is a general contractor. He's tired; it's been a long day at the jobsite. We lean against our car hoods in the potholed parking lot of a friendlier break. Light east wind cools our backs, and up the beach, near some rocks, the waves look fun: head-high lefts, glassy, shared by a crowd of three.
I had just confessed to them that I'd recently exited Highway 101 for the narrow dirt track normally blocked by a chicken-wire gate festooned with signs: Private Property, Private Road, No Trespassing, No Hunting, No Parking, No Beach Access, Keep Out. My nerves were shot. Thankfully, I was not.
“Want some?” I ask Rick, yanking the cork from my clear glass bottle of St. George Terroir gin. Along with whiskey, I'd had it shipped just over the state line. The gin isn't sold in Oregon, and my online booze merchant won't mail spirits to Oregon, so this was a minor case of smuggling, you might say.
“No thanks, man. Half a beer gets me drunk.”
A male gull lands on the sand, squawking at us.
On the day I confessed to Rick about, unlike most, the gate had been open. Slowly I drove onto the track, actually a muddy rut. Fifty yards in, paranoia and guilt sparked an eight-point U-turn amid tall Douglas firs. On a map, the track winds west to a few rocky points and coves backed by cliffs and dense forest, with a few homes amongst the trees. Walking to the beach from the north or south is impossible due to impassable headlands, even at minus tides. Except by long-distance paddling or boating in, or getting permission from the ornery landowner, there is no way to sit and wax one's board on that surfy stretch of beach, despite it being public property.
“Maybe you can just parachute down there?” Rick had joked. “Or wear a wingsuit?”
“I couldn't leave after surfing,” I had to explain.
“A jetpack? Could get up and out with one of those.”
It got me thinking about the term “The People's Coast,” dubbed in 1913 by Democrat Oregon Governor Oswald West, a public-lands advocate. Short Sands Beach, in their eponymous state park, is one of Oregon's most popular for surfing. West decided the 585 kilometres (363 miles) of beach between California and the Columbia River formed a public “highway” up to the high-tide line, also known as the “wet sand” zone. “No local selfish interest,” they said, “should be permitted, through politics or otherwise, to destroy or even impair this great birthright of our people.”
But a flaw hung high in that cool Pacific breeze. West had defined public domain as only up to the high-water mark. So, in the heady 1960s, after more than 50 years of public beach use, commercial developers began to rebel, claiming the “dry sand” zone — that is, unaffected by the highest of tides — belonged to adjacent landowners, who were entitled to rule their property down to the water's edge, including fence-building for beach privatization, which actually happened in front of Cannon Beach's Surfsand Resort.
Farewell to kite-flying and shell collecting and sandcastle building? Hello to House Bill 1601, a front-page-news bid to save all Oregon beaches for public recreational use. The bill was the big issue of 1967's legislative session and, to this day, drew the greatest public response to any topic in Oregon's 170-year legislative history.
On July 6, 1967, calling it “one of the most far-reaching measures of its kind enacted by any legislative body in the nation,” iconic Republican Oregon Governor Tom McCall signed the “Beach Bill” amid much pomp. Passing 57-3, it granted public free rein from the low-water mark to the vegetation line, which McCall, a fervid greenie, studied and deduced to be 16 feet above sea level. “Today, such things are nearly impossible to accomplish since coastal land has become so valuable,” Surfrider Foundation attorney Mark Massara recently told me. “Property owners are better organized and have more money to fight. Think about how desolate and unpopulated Oregon's coast was in 1967 — the good ol' days, for sure.”
Forty-eight years on, though, of the 23 US states that touch an ocean, Oregon still has the best legal policies for coastal access that don't require a jetpack or parachute. And with no boat or paddleboard, here at twilight at this very public beach, I glance down at the bottle in my hand, wondering if I might never surf one particular fetch unless I make nice with its landowner.
Because I'd rather not get shot.
Hearing the thumping and sighing of the surf, realizing the air has cooled and daylight has waned, I can't help but think: Maybe the guy likes gin?
Michael Kew has attended church just twice in their 39 years, but they find daily salvation along the southern Oregon coast.
A beluga whale in Tadoussac, Quebec, Canada. Photo: Luca Galuzzi/Wikimedia Commons
TransCanada announced on Thursday a two-year delay in the completion of its proposed Energy East pipeline, which would transport tar sands oil across Canada from Alberta to New Brunswick. The Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada recommended that beluga whales in the St. Lawrence River be declared endangered, forcing TransCanada to scrap a planned oil export terminal in Cacouna, Quebec, where the whales migrate and raise calves.
The company now has two pipelines on hold due to environmental concerns, as Keystone XL is also stalled. Here are a few takeaways from the tar sands industry's most recent setback.
The more you know
The Harper government promised “timeline certainty” for the Energy East pipeline in February 2014, which is government-speak for a fast-tracked review process. TransCanada had good reason to seek an expedited approval process: The more the public learns about tar sands pipelines, the less they like them.
“The delay [from 2018 to 2020] gives stakeholders and people living along the route a chance to engage,” says Antony Swift, the deputy director of NRDC's Canada project (disclosure). “The Harper government was in some ways trying to short circuit the public by fast-tracking the process.”
Look at what happened to the Keystone XL pipeline. In March 2014, 65 percent of Americans favored the project. By January 2015, a different poll found that support had dropped to just 41 percent, with more than one-third of Americans saying they needed more information to make a decision. While the poll doesn't show what caused support to wither, it's reasonable to assume that the public became increasingly concerned about tar sands' effects on local environments and climate change. The president themselves has joined the growing chorus of anti-KXL campaigners, describing tar sands extraction as “extraordinarily dirty.”
Enbridge's Northern Gateway pipeline has traveled a similar trajectory. When the project was officially proposed in 2006, opposition was limited to local environmentalists. First Nations and national conservation groups soon joined the movement and started a ground well. By 2014, the Canadian government's own focus groups found “little enthusiasm” for Northern Gateway even among people who said they supported it. The participants expressed worries about the environmental impacts, especially if a major spill were to occur (Enbridge doesn't have the best track record for those). Although the Canadian government eventually approved Northern Gateway in June 2014, it did so with 209 conditions. The builder's virtual silence on the pipeline in the ensuing months led the news network CBC to speculate in February that the project has been abandoned.
Energy East isn't quite as moribund as Northern Gateway, but it's developing a decidedly unhealthy pallor. A November poll found that just 50 percent of Canadians favored construction of the pipeline. In Quebec, 33 percent of respondents expressed support, and that was before the government declared the original terminal dangerous to beluga whales. The history of public opinion on Keystone XL and Northern Gateway suggests those numbers are likely to drop.
The “inevitability” argument is a loser
Proponents of the Keystone XL pipeline claimed that tar sands would be extracted with or without KXL, so resistance would be futile. Kansas Senator Pat Roberts, for example, said in November, “There is simply no option available that would somehow prevent Canada from developing these oil sands…It's happening, and it will continue to happen.” The U.S. State Department itself temporarily bought into this reasoning, concluding in its 2014 report that the pipeline would have little impact on tar sands development.
That position is now untenable. The delaying of Energy East, along with the near collapse of Keystone XL and Northern Gateway, shows that pipelines are far from inevitable. Without pipelines, tar sands extraction will stall. Energy companies have canceled at least eight tar sands projects in the last two years because they aren't profitable at current oil prices. The lack of pipelines, which cut transport costs by as much as two-thirds, has been a major factor in those cancellations. For these reasons, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency urged the State Department to rethink its assumptions about the inevitability of tar sands development.
TransCanada is making new enemies
Who opposes tar sands pipelines? Environmentalists, First Nations and Native Americans, and farmers and other local landowners who don't want crude oil passing through or near their property. Pipeline builders expect to meet these foes when they propose a new project.
They don't expect to be fighting utilities, too. In the case of Energy East, however, the pipeline would reduce the capacity of an existing natural gas pipeline so that tar sands can flow. The project enraged the heads of Canadian utilities, who claim that the pipeline would increase natural gas prices on the country's eastern coast.
“I refuse [to accept] that the Children's Hospital of Montreal pays a higher price for its gas because western Canada needs to export its oil to the international markets,” Sophia Brochu, the head of Gaz Métro, told The Globe and Mail. “What TCPL [TransCanada Pipelines Ltd.] is asking now is that the gas customers subsidize the oil shippers, and I don't believe this is in the best interests of Canada.”
TransCanada denies that the project would raise gas prices, but utilities are not convinced. If TransCanada wants a new pipeline, they say, it should build one somewhere else and leave the gas pipeline alone. If and when TransCanada seeks official approval for Energy East, they will face a powerful enemy—bigger, perhaps, than even a pod of toothed whales.
onEarth provides reporting and analysis about environmental science, policy, and culture. All opinions expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the policies or positions of NRDC. Learn more or follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
Gretz's latest piece hit the nail on the head about the Penguins recent salary cap struggles:
When it comes to the Penguins' cap all of the focus immediately goes to how much they are paying their top players lke Crosby, Malkin and Kris Letang. But those guys are not the issue. They are getting more than their money's worth out of all of them them, and you could probably make the argument that they might actually be underpaid for the production they are getting out of them. The issue is when you start looking at the bottom of the roster where they are overpaying guys like Nick Spaling ($2.2 million), Brandon Sutter ($3 million) and Rob Scuderi ($3 million) to play at third-and fourth-line levels (and in the case of Scuderi, like a seventhd defensemen). That is more than $8 million in cap space, and even if you argue that Spaling and Sutter are useful players but just a little bit overpaid ... well, even a little bit of an overpay makes a big difference when you're forced to play with five defensemen for salary cap reasons. This is where it becomes a shared responsibiilty between the new GM and the former GM. Shero left more than one bad contract behind (Scuderi; Chris Kunitz's deal isn't going to look very good in the coming years, either), but Rutherford hasn't done anything to fix it.
It is certainly some bad luck to lose Christian Ehrhoff and Kris Letang to injuries on back-to-back games at the point of the season where neither could be placed on LTIR, but playing with less than a full roster is simply inexcusable.
The Penguins could have avoided this by not trading for David Perron, or by not making other trades, but I'm glad they did it. Because the point of those trades were to improve the team for the playoffs, and every effort should be made to do just that.
Moving past it- how do the Pens fix their salary cap structure? The soonest they can do so is in the summer.
As mentioned, guys like Spaling and Sutter are over-paid for their roles/production, they should be jettisoned. The team should explore trading Scuderi, if there is any market for him. Ian Cole has played well, but even then the Pens don't need Scuderi. If Scuderi can't be traded, they should be bought out this summer. It would give the team 4 years of a nominal fee of "dead cap space", but it would be a lot more manageable and preferable than 2 more years of poor performance from a slow, aging defenseman. In fact, for the first 2 years, the Pens would actually have more space by buying out Scuderi and replacing them with a younger, cheaper player like Cole or Scott Harrington or Brian Dumoulin. Throw in the benefit that any of them should be better hockey players in 1-2 years and it makes even more sense.
Kunitz is aging and their production isn't great this year- if the Pens can flip them for a younger player they might be able to kill two birds with one stone. If they can't and have to hold onto him, it isn't the end of the world but it would put more of an onus to move guys like Sutter and Spaling to clear their contracts for cheaper replacements.
Then the Pens will have to re-work their forward corps, since useful players like Blake Comeau, Daniel Winnik and Steve Downie will be free agents. This is a lesser issue, because all of those players were free agents last summer too, and all were signed for reasonable amounts. So too were players like Derek Roy, Mike Santorelli and David Booth - all solid, reliable, good bottom six players that are recyclable, and usually sign for cheap. The supply of lower line forwards like that are usually plentiful. Sign more to one year deals and try to find production there.
Hopefully, in an ideal world, young (and cheap) talent like Oskar Sundqvist, Scott Wilson, Bryan Rust and Kasperi Kapanen can push for NHL playing time next season too. Not all of them will be ready/able to make the jump full-time, but the Penguins badly need to find fresh, young talent. As mentioned in the Globe and Mail earlier this week, the Penguins get the lowest contribution from players 24 and under in the entire league. That's bound to go up with Olli Maatta and Derrick Pouliot as full time NHL'ers next season, but it shows in a dramatic fashion that the team has to do more to get young talent up in the league.
With Crosby, Malkin, Letang and Marc-Andre Fleury all signed for at least the next 4 seasons, the Pens core is here to stay. As it probably should be, given how all perform on a year-in, year-out basis. But that core is coming at a $31.2 million cap hit next season, north of 40% of the team total.
It will take some major overhaul but the good news is this issue is easy to identify. Most of the Pens supporting players that are signed for 2015-16 make too much money. With the exception of Patric Hornqvist ($4.25 million) and David Perron ($3.8 million)- who are highly productive and on reasonable contracts- basically any player not 87, 71, 58 and 29 should be considered to be moved out this summer. (Other than of course young studs like Pouliot and Maatta, it should go without saying).
The Pens have work to do to keep their salary structure as fluid as possible. They need to learn from their mistakes and find ways to trim fat, while also making the supporting parts of the team faster, younger and more skilled at the same time. Making some large scale changes will probably be painful, but it's necessary- the team can't back themselves into a corner and be forced to play with less than a full compliment of players again.
Transsexual model Ava Sabrina London tells all about their 'paid sexual encounter' with Kendra Wilkinson's husband Hank Baskett in explicit interview
Kendra Wilkinson's husband Hank Baskett is accused of cheating with a transsexual
Transsexual model Ava Sabrina London claims Baskett paid them $500 for sexual encounter
London describes in graphic detail their sexual encounter with Baskett in new explicit interview
Prior to interview London passed a polygraph test
New surveillance footage shows what looks to be Baskett's vehicle arriving at London's condo to 'pay them to keep quiet about tryst'
Playboy cover girl Kendra was eight months pregnant at the time with Baskett's daughter Alijah
The 29-year-old has 'kicked the athlete out of their LA home and he's now in a motel'
The couple will see their five year wedding anniversary on Friday
Accusation comes weeks after Jennifer Lopez's boyfriend also 'dated transsexuals'
Kendra Wilkinson's husband Hank Baskett has been hit with claims they paid for a sexual encounter with a transsexual model, amid reports that their marriage is on the rocks.
Now the transsexual model in question, Ava Sabrina London, has opened up about their alleged tryst with the former NFL star in a new interview with The National Enquirer.
London claims that Baskett first contacted them in April to set up a meeting after watching their videos on YouTube.
Scroll down for video...
A family rocked by scandal: Hank Baskett, pictured with wife Kendra Wilkinson and son Hank Jr on May 16, has been accused by RadarOnline of cheating with a transsexual in late April - just weeks before this photo was taken
New girl: The woman Hank is accused of having an affair with is transsexual Ava Sabrina London - who also goes by the name Ava S Masaniai - pictured here in a Facebook shot
' I met Hank Baskett probably around the 22nd or 23rd of April this year,' the model told the publication. 'He contacted me through a video I had posted on YouTube and we exchanged information.'
They went on to describe how the former Minnesota Vikings wide receiver arrived unexpected one day, using a pseudonym (calling themselves 'St eve') in an attempt to hide their identity.
'Hank absolutely knew that I was a transsexual and they told me that I was the only transsexual he's ever been with,' London stated. 'He thought I was beautiful.'
The model then described in graphic detail their sexual encounter with Baskett, which included many acts but, they insist, never culminated in actual sex. They did, however, make it clear that their client was 'very satisfied' after they both fondled each other's penises.
New details: Surveillance footage appears to show Baskett arriving to the transsexual's condo on June 4, pictured in Calabasas, California, last week
They like a good photo: London showing off their assets in revealing bikini top shots they have posted to their social media pages
Suddenly famous?: The knockout has 60 videos on YouTube that will surely get a look at now that they have been linked to the Kendra On Top star
The former pro athlete took a shower to clean off after the '15-20 minute' session and paid London $500 before they left, according to London.
RadarOnline also reports that London underwent a polygraph test with polygrapher Joseph Paolella prior to their interview with the National Enquirer, to bring legitimacy to their claims.
Paolella concluded, according to Radar, there was 'no indication of deception during the polygraph examination' after they answered 'yes' to a barrage of questions - ranging from whether or not Baskett engaged in mutual masturbation, paid them for the session, knew that they were a transsexual, and paid them an additional sum on a second visit to their apartment to 'deny they ever met him'.
Radar also has surveillance footage from the National Enquirer which they claim is Baskett's vehicle arriving at the transsexual's condo on June 4, to pay them over $2000 to keep quiet about their tryst in April.
The video footage sees a truck that looks a lot like Baskett's arrive at the Los Angeles luxury condo through a second storey window.
London's interview comes as Kendra and Baskett have been weathering some negative reports lately about their five year marriage that has resulted in two children: Hank Jr, aged four, and Alijah, aged one month.
They have so much going for them: The couple, with Hank Jr and new baby girl Alijah, have been together for five years and have yet to comment on new reports their marriage is in trouble
Not only did The National Enquirer claim on Saturday that the 29-year-old Playboy cover girl kicked the former football star out of their Los Angeles home, but on Monday RadarOnline accused the 31-year-old athlete of cheating with London. Hank reportedly paid the woman $2,500 to keep their mouth shut.
This comes on the heels of claims that Jennifer Lopez's boyfriend Casper Smart also cheated with not one, but two transsexuals.
Reps for Kendra did not return calls to MailOnline.
The first time Hank met Ava, who goes under the YouTube handle Ava Masaniai, was 'around April 22 in Sherman Oaks, California,' an insider told Radar.
'He called them twice before they met in person. They said he'd seen their YouTube videos online, and they couldn't believe that their photos were real,' the source told Radar.
At the time Kendra, who came to fame on E!'s The Girls Next Door, was eight months pregnant with their second child, Alijah, who was born in May.
The timing couldn't be any worse: the Kendra On Top stars are set to ring in their five year wedding anniversary on Friday.
United: The family was seen in LA on Saturday afternoon, just hours after the National Enquirer reported the Playboy model kicked them out of their house, forcing them to check into a motel
Former playmate: Kendra used to be a pin up model before starting a family
Baskett tried their best to keep the alleged affair a secret.
'He used a fake name when organizing the encounter,' the source told Radar, 'and claimed they had never been with a transsexual before.'
They met Ava - who has 60 YouTube videos - at their home. During their first encounter, 't hey mutually masturbated' and they touched their 'breasts and penis.'
'The entire encounter lasted probably about 15 to 20 minutes,' Radar's insider claimed. 'Before leaving, they gave them almost $500 and told them they wanted to stay in touch.'
And in touch they kept. 'They spoke a couple times after their first sexual encounter. Hank always called from different numbers, and at least once from a pay phone,' Radar reported.
'After the Casper Smart transsexual controversy, they started to get freaked out and paranoid they would say something, and called them six times in one day to plead with them not to spill.'
Lopez broke up with Smart in early June after it was reported they romanced transsexuals Xristina Marie and Sofie Vissa. They denied being with either woman. The 44-year-old singer has since moved on to Dancing With The Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy.
Hank used money to keep LA-based London (who studied at Modesto College) quiet, Radar claimed. 'He promised they would take care of them financially, and even left them $2,000 in a coffee cup at their house.
'He promised their $5,000 to keep their mouth shut, and even threatened to kill themselves if the story got out!'
Kendra, who was last seen with Hank on Saturday as the two ran errands with Alijah, wants to leave him, according to the site.
Selfie obsessed: London has several self portraits from their bedroom, and in most of them she's showing off their toned figure that includes a flat stomach and toned legs
On Saturday The Enquirer reported that Hank was spotted speeding away from their home on Friday and looked 'downtrodden' as they arrived at the motel with bags in hand.
The source told the publication: 'He went into the office of the motel and then pulled the jeep around to the other side where the room was located. Hank appeared disoriented and downtrodden. At one point, they kicked the ground.'
A new trend?: Jennifer Lopez's boyfriend Casper Smart, pictured in May, was also accused of seeing not one, but two transsexuals
The Enquirer claimed Hank was joined by a woman wearing a 'medical type uniform' and speculated it could be one of the children's nurses.
The insider said: 'He got out of the Jeep with a woman who appeared to possibly be one of the couples' baby nurses because they were wearing a medical type uniform.
'An hour later, they emerged from the room but then returned back inside.' Hank spent most of Friday with their father Hank Sr at a Major League Gaming Competition in Anaheim.
They tweeted: Mornin yall! @MrHankBaskettSr & I are on our way down to the #MLGAnaheim championships. Small road trip with pops=good times.' No idea what was coming! Kendra shared this upbeat tweet on Thursday
Family time: Hank spent the morning with their father before returning to the family home and quickly leaving for a local motel
They later wrote on Instagram: '#MLGAnaheim. The calm before the storm. Best of luck to mlg and all those playing this weekend!' However, after returning to the house, Hank abruptly left the property at 4pm for the motel.
There was no sign of their father. The allegations of marital discord come just one day after Kendra took to Twitter to post an upbeat message, writing: 'Today will be a great day. I know it. #CarpeDiem #smile #happiness #love #positivevibes.' And earlier on Friday they flashed a happy smile as they stepped out in baggy sweats that covered up their postpartum figure. Kendra and Hank married June 27, 2009 and welcomed Hank Jr in December of the same year.
The blonde has spilled their family secrets on Kendra and Kendra On Top. It is not yet known if they could turn their new alleged marital woes into a reality spinoff much like Tori Spelling has done.
No smiles here: The athlete and the model looked to be in a tense mood as they went out with daughter Alijah on Saturday afternoon Parents at odds?: While Hank (left) tended to their new child, Kendra (right) loaded the car
Charlie Sheen Please Deliver Dog S**t To My Kid's Former School
Charlie Sheen -- Please Deliver Dog S**t to My Daughter's Former School
EXCLUSIVE
has issued a call to arms against a school where their daughter was allegedly horribly bullied -- and Charlie's method of retaliation involves toilet paper and feces.Sources close to the situation tell TMZ ... Sam --and' 9-year-old daughter -- had been attending Viewpoint School in Calabasas, CA. Our sources say a 9-year-old namedmade Sam's life a living hell. We're told Victoria teased Sam mercilessly about their skin, their looks, their hair, and even Charlie getting fired from "."Sources say it got to the point where Sam became physically sick and could not attend class. We're told Denise had 3 meetings at the school to complain about the bullying ... to no avail.During the third meeting last May, we're told Victoria's parents met with Denise and the parents insisted Sam was lying about the whole thing. That's when Charlie and Denise decided to pull Sam out of Viewpoint.Charlie just went on a Twitter rant, saying, "If you have a rotten egg, a roll of toilet paper or some dog s**t, I urge you to deliver it with 'extreme prejudice' to the campus run by trolls and charlatans. Make me proud."Charlie goes on: "And if you're feeling the 'show and tell' of it all, smear the s**t to spell one name on the front door: VICTORIA."It's unclear what set Charlie off months after the fact. One source says it's because Sam has applied to several schools and the admission acceptance letters are about to go out.We called Viewpoint ... they hung up on us.
Shattered Wig Review on the other hand is printed on a boxy kind of shaped paper, nearly square but a little longer than it is tall and bound sheet by sheet with no fold. It's an anarchic collection of poetry, cartoons and alt-art. First published in 1990 and issued on a semi-annual basis, the issues I saw started with #17 from 1999. It's squarely in the punk vein in terms of what they choose to print and how they present material, but doesn't have much connection to music. It's primarily a literature zine but tends to print highly experimental poetry and illustration. There's lots of free verse and a fair amount of poetry that relies as much on formatting as on language to function.
A standout was a poem by Glans T Sherman about the president having goat testicles transplanted onto their body. Both the author's name and the poem itself were amusing in a cheeky, mildly subversive way. I also liked this entry, “Our Mr. Brooks,” by one George Freek reproduced here without permission.
Both of these zines remain in active publication although they have moved online by this point. It's likely very hard to find any of the older issues as it seems like they printed runs in the low hundreds, but its possible they're out there if you'd like to have a look yourself.
I also read several issues each of Lower East Side Librarian Winter Shoutout, We'll Never Have Paris, and Croq. These are all fairly long running zines with a history starching back into the mid to late 90's, with the exception of Croq which was first published in the early naughties.
Croq is a zine all about crafting – its inaugural issue was made for a craft fair and is very much directed at the craft community. It contains various essays on the craft scene, often with a rebellious or contrarian bent, reprints of articles from older craft zines and new material on crafting. It's fully loaded with DIY instructions on things like selling crafts online, making god's eyes, and less strictly crafty things like singing or cooking a vegan Thanksgiving. I think it's still running and is probably fairly easy to get ahold of considering it's relatively recent and has been picked up by some circulation companies. This would be a cool thing to have for any DIY aficionado.
Lower East Side Librarian Winter Shoutout in contrast is probably almost impossible to find anywhere. It's also still in production but generally only around 130 copies go out in a year. It's every inch the classic image of the zine, pasted together prints which are then Xeroxed and stapled. It contains deeply personal writing that borders on a journal style publication and – most interesting to me – a yearly reading list. There are some submissions, but the vast majority of the material in this zine is by one person, a librarian located in NY. It is about their life. It's printed fairly cheaply and most issues look like your basic folded and stapled A4, straight from the copier.
Israel moves to shut down local Al Jazeera outlet amid accusations of inciting violence
Posted
Israel plans to revoke the media credentials of Al Jazeera TV journalists, close its Jerusalem bureau and pull the Qatar-based station's broadcasts from local cable and satellite providers, Communications Minister Ayoub Kara said.
Key points: No immediate response from Al Jazeera, but the closure is expected to take time
Israel seeks to revoke the accreditation of Al Jazeera's 30 local staff members
Minister says Israel believes in free speech, but that Al Jazeera is "dangerous"
Mr Kara said the measures were intended to bolster Israel's security and "to bring a situation that channels based in Israel will report objectively".
There was no immediate comment from Al Jazeera headquarters in Qatar, but journalists working for the station in Israel said they did not expect imminent moves against them.
Last month, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said they would work to shut the network's offices in Israel, accusing it of inciting violence in Jerusalem, including over an Old City site that is holy to both Muslims and Jews.
Mr Kara said they would ask the Government Press Office to revoke the accreditation of Al Jazeera's journalists in Israel, where it has about 30 staff. Cable and satellite providers have reportedly expressed their willingness to turn off its broadcasts.
Mr Kara added they had asked Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan to use their powers to close the station's offices in Israel, although a spokesperson for Mr Erdan said they doubted the minister had the authority to do so.
Asked if shutting down Al Jazeera's operations would make Israel appear to oppose freedom of the press, an official close to Mr Netanyahu said the country accepted diverse opinions but not incitement.
"The Prime Minister is not too pleased with the constant incitement that you see and hear on Al Jazeera, a lot of it in Arabic," the official said.
"There is a lot being broadcast on that channel that is frankly dangerous.
"There is no shortage of free speech in this country. There are plenty of dissenting voices. In democratic countries there are also things that are unacceptable, and a lot of what Al Jazeera is saying and broadcasting falls into that category."
In their news conference, to which Al Jazeera was not invited, Mr Kara said steps had to be taken against "media, which has been determined by almost all Arab countries to actually be a supporter of terror, and we know this for certain".
"We have identified media outlets that do not serve freedom of speech but endanger the security of Israel's citizens, and the main instrument has been Al Jazeera," Mr Kara said.
They were referring to recent violence in and around a Jerusalem site that is revered by Muslims and Jews in which six Palestinians and five Israelis, including two police officers, were killed.
Al Jazeera said in July it would take all necessary legal measures if Israel acts on its threat. It said Israel was aligning itself with four Arab states that have severed diplomatic and commercial ties with Qatar.
The Foreign Press Association in Israel criticised the planned moves.
"Changing the law in order to shut down a media organisation for political reasons is a slippery slope," association executive secretary Glenys Sugarman said.
Reuters
Topics: censorship, world-politics, unrest-conflict-and-war, israel
The president of Bell Media fired a broadside at Canada's broadcast regulator on Friday, saying its policies are hobbling the company's profitability and suggesting that U.S. networks such as CBS, NBC and FOX should be kicked off the country's airwaves.
In a speech to a TV industry audience in Ottawa, Kevin Crull argued the business model for traditional broadcasters is "fundamentally broken" and "unsustainable," pointing a finger at Hollywood's direct intrusion on Canadian TV dials.
They also took aim at a number of policies created by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), including two recent decisions that Bell is challenging in court. But the central issue, Mr. Crull argues, is that the program rights Canadian broadcasters buy aren't being protected well enough, and that hurts the ecosystem that produces local content.
Story continues below advertisement
"If we believe the Canadian broadcasting industry is important, and if we want private investment, we must have a supportive regulatory and public policy framework – enabling rather than undermining content creators," Mr. Crull said in a strongly-worded speech that highlighted Bell's strained relationship with the CRTC. "Unfortunately, I don't believe we have that right now."
Bell Media is a division of BCE Inc., which also owns 15 per cent of The Globe and Mail.
By Mr. Crull's own account, Bell Media's over-the-air network, CTV, is having its best year ever in viewership terms, but still lost $40-million last year as the cost of content rises. The company has also been losing subscribers to its specialty channels.
In their eyes, the root of the problem lies in the decades-old practice of allowing American over-the-air networks – ABC, CBS, NBC, FOX and PBS – to be broadcast in Canada for free. Decades ago, the popularity of some of these channels helped draw wide enough audiences to build Canada's cable TV system. But it also created a unique cross-border relationship.
"Canada is the only country in the world that allows American networks to be retransmitted without restriction despite valid and exclusive copyrights held by domestic broadcasters," Mr. Crull said in their speech.
Since 1971, the CRTC has compensated with "simultaneous substitution," more often called "simsub." It allows Canadian broadcasters to swap in their own signals and advertising on American channels airing the same show at the same time – thus giving the Canadian broadcaster a way to maximize revenue from the rights it paid for.
Yet Mr. Crull calls simsub an "inelegant and insufficient solution." It leaves Canadian broadcasters beholden to American networks' schedules when deciding what time the most popular shows will air. And it draws complaints over errors that put the programs out of sync, or from viewers who want to see expensively-produced U.S. ads.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Canadian networks buy nearly all the most popular American shows because they draw big ratings. So, Mr. Crull wonders, why keep the U.S. channels as well?
"Do we need [the American over-the-air] networks? Are these signals necessary for Canadian viewers? No. Canadian networks buy the rights to 99 of the top 100 American shows. No viewer would be denied popular content," Mr. Crull said. "... Fix this and we don't need simsub."
Canadian viewers would certainly miss out on some programs, however. It isn't likely Bell would pay to carry American news or talk shows, for example, if their host networks were blacked out. "Do we value Canadian current events and talk shows, or are we okay with Good Morning America and The View?" Mr. Crull said.
Last September, when Bell appeared at the CRTC's Let's Talk TV hearing on the future of television, commissioner Candice Molnar noted that customers have told TV distributors the U.S. channels are important to them.
"You would not be concerned ... to strip all U.S. conventional [stations] off the Canadian system?" Ms. Molnar said. "It wouldn't hurt your customers?"
"No. No logical conclusion can get you there," replied Wade Oosterman, chief brand officer for Bell Canada Inc., noting that 197 out of the top 200 U.S. programs air on City, CTV or Global.
Story continues below advertisement
A spokesperson for the CRTC declined to comment as the Commission is still deliberating over Let's Talk TV. A spokesperson for Bell Media also declined to comment.
American specialty networks such as CNN, AMC or A&E would not be affected in Mr. Crull's scenario. But Bell wants to change the way it negotiates the cost of carrying those channels, and to be allowed to charge a subscriber fee for CTV.
Mr. Crull also used their speech to decry a decision striking down a pricing model Bell Mobility Inc. used that let wireless customers watch 10 hours of mobile TV per month for $5 without it counting against their data caps. And they took aim at a separate ruling that will ban simsub during the Super Bowl, for which CTV owns the lucrative Canadian broadcast rights, as well as for specialty channels. Bell says it will lose "tens of millions of dollars" as a result.
Finally, Mr. Crull called for measures to crack down on Canadians using technology to watch the U.S. version of Netflix, for example, circumventing rights that limit those shows to streaming services such as Bell's own CraveTV in Canada.
NEW YORK -- Baseball commissioner Bud Selig insists the Oakland Athletics and Tampa Bay Rays must have new ballparks to be able to compete.
Speaking on Thursday to the Associated Press Sports Editors, Selig provided no timetable for deciding the Bay Area dispute between the A's, who would like to build a ballpark in San Jose, and the Giants, who won't give up their territorial rights there.
"I'm always hopeful when there are debates amongst clubs, I try to lead teams in a direction of solving their problems themselves," Selig said. "However, this group has an interesting comment whenever they get in trouble: 'That's why you're here, commissioner.' That's what they tell me. I don't know that that's a particularly good answer. ... We've had a lot of meetings, spent an enormous amount of time. I've just met with both clubs again and we'll continue along this process."
Asked whether there could be a solution that wouldn't anger one of the Bay Area teams, Selig responded: "Time will tell. I'm always hopeful. I'm an optimist, and I really believe that every problem has a solution to it. The question is just finding the right one, and so far I've been lucky on that score. And so I hope my string of luck will continue."
Oakland owner Lew Wolff responded in an email to The Associated Press: "Bud is doing their best to be fair to us and the Giants."
There are alarming levels of self harm among Scotland's trans students
The most recent Stonewall school report from Scotland shows incredibly high levels of mental health issues in trans students.
It suggests nearly all (96%) of trans students are self-harming.
‘School Report Scotland' by Stonewall Scotland and the Centre for Family Research at the University of Cambridge looks at the experiences of over 400 LGBT pupils in Scotland's schools.
Key figures from the report show:
Nearly half of LGB pupils (48%) are bullied for being LGBT in Scotland's schools. This rises to 7 in 10 for trans students.
LGBT young people in Scotland are more likely to hear homophobic language than the rest of Britain. Here, 6 in 10 hear homophobic slurs ‘regularly' or ‘often' – compared to just half in the rest of the UK.
Young LGBT people in Scotland have alarming rates of poor mental health
It shows that while mental health figures for worse for trans students, three in five LGB young people also self-harm.
Correlating with similar figures globally it also found more than two in five trans young people in Scotland attempt to take their own life. One in four LGB students (24%) have done the same.
‘I'm totally alone and denying who I am'
Of course, comments from the report show the human side of these statistics.
15-year-old Jack who goes to a faith school in Glasgow says:
‘I was constantly shouted at in corridors and things were thrown at me almost every day.'
Lewis from Lothian tells of the daily bullying that they face, ‘I've been pushed up against the wall, had jotters stolen, textbooks vandalized, threatening Facebook messages, sexually explicit threats.'
But it's not just other kids that bully, some teachers are being homophobic and transphobic too. Jesse also from Lothian says: ‘ Because the teachers made fun of trans people I was too scared to tell anyone about it.'
Watch this video as school children read out and react to the comments of the school report:
Can sex education help the situation?
The report also shows two in five LGBT young people in Scottish schools are never taught anything about LGBT issues in school.
Just one in five has heard about safe sex in relation to same-sex relationships.
Stonewall Scotland's report says this demonstrates ‘the desperate need for age-appropriate LGBT-inclusive Sex and Relationship Education (SRE) in all schools.'
Earlier this year, the Department for Education (DoE), which covers education in England, made sex and relationship (SRE) education mandatory in all secondary schools. It will include age-appropriate relationships education in all primary schools.
However, the government is yet to clarify whether they will include LGBTI narratives.
This year's National Student Pride focused on SRE and together with Terrance Higgins Trust they called on the government to bring in compulsory LGBTI sex and relationships education.
THT's Alex Phillips, Policy Lead for Relationships and Sex Education told Gay Star News ‘we must now ensure the content and delivery of SRE benefit all young people wherever they go to school, whatever their sexuality.'
Read more from Gay Star Students:
Employment Opportunities
Current Openings:
Network and System Administrator
The Center for Responsive Politics (CRP), the nation's premier research group tracking money in U.S. politics and its effect on elections and public policy seeks a talented systems administrator with proven experience designing and maintaining Linux and Windows servers. This person will take the lead in managing all of our onsite and cloud-based hardware.
Experience with Windows and Linux administrator
Experience building immutable infrastructure using Ansible
Proficient in SQL and Python
Knowledge of Jenkins, ElasticSearch, Ruby/Rails
Experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services and VMware
What you'll be doing
Maintaining our in-house and cloud-based infrastructure. Provide user support, set up new users, and disable outgoing users. Maintain physical, virtual and cloud servers. Maintain Google Apps, Active Directory, SQL Server, web servers, and Linux and Windows servers.
What we offer
Competitive salary and benefits
Telecommuting options
Health insurance
403(b) retirement plan with matching
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline with a minimum of 2 years of server administration experience.
The Center is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. People from underrepresented communities, including people of color, women, LGBTQ and people with disabilities, are strongly encouraged to apply.
Email résumé and cover letter explaining interest, relevant experience and dates of availability to [email protected], subject: "SYSADMIN position." Please send cover letter and résumé as attachments only, not in the text of the e-mail. Due to the volume of applications we receive we will only be contacting those selected for an interview.
Full-Stack Software Developer
The Center for Responsive Politics (CRP), the nation's premier research group tracking money in U.S. politics and its effect on elections and public policy seeks a talented full-stack developer with proven experience designing and developing large scale applications. This person will take the lead in writing software that helps process and present data across a multitude of data sources and projects.
Experience with multiple programming languages (PHP, Python, Ruby, Flask, Rails)
Desire to solve complex problems employing datastores such as MSSQL, MongoDB and MySQL
Experience with web technologies, such as Javascript, JQuery, HTML and CSS
Enthusiastic about big data and the political process
Experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services and VMware
Experience with APIs and REST applications
Comfortable working in a collaborative, agile work environment with frequent changes
What you'll be doing
Working with our award-winning website as we transition to a Rails based platform. Building interfaces and software that work with large datasets in SQL and No-SQL.
What we offer
Competitive salary and benefits
Telecommuting options
Health insurance
403(b) retirement plan with matching
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline with a minimum of 2 years of software engineering experience.
The Center is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. People from underrepresented communities, including people of color, women, LGBTQ and people with disabilities, are strongly encouraged to apply.
Email résumé and cover letter explaining interest, relevant experience and dates of availability to [email protected], subject: "DEVELOPER position." Please send cover letter and résumé as attachments only, not in the text of the e-mail. Due to the volume of applications we receive we will only be contacting those selected for an interview.
Part-time Office Manager
Combine your exceptional organizational and communication skills with your desire to promote transparency and accountability in government in a part-time permanent position with the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics (CRP), producer of the award-winning money-in-politics website OpenSecrets.org. CRP, a non-profit research organization that tracks money in politics and its effect on elections and public policy, seeks a skilled, professional and energetic office manager.
Manages the day-to-day office operations such as answering the main line calls, responding to incoming inquiries to the general email account, and retrieving and distributing mail and building access keys
Greets visitors and informs guard of guests
Orders office and printer supplies
Provides administrative support to Executive Director and Board of Directors, including assistance with scheduling meetings and calls, ordering meals and recording board minutes
Serves as administrative support to other departments as needed through one-time projects and on an ongoing basis, as needed
Uses Quickbooks to record bills and writes checks, record income and deposits checks into bank account, enter online donations, create and maintain invoices
Tracks payroll changes and updates payroll form
Maintains and distributes petty cash and reconciles account
Supports HR processes including on-boarding and training on company systems
Other duties as required
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree preferred plus 3+ years of work experience;
Excellent organizational and time management skills;
Superior attention to detail, consistent follow-through, strong task tracking skills;
Demonstrated ability to plan, prioritize and schedule work activities while managing time efficiently;
Accountability, professionalism, and commitment to excellence;
Strong interpersonal communication skills;
Proactive problem identification/solving with ability to apply sound thinking to problems;
Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), Google and Internet. Quickbooks experience preferred.
Benefits:
This is a permanent part-time salaried position paying up to $20/hour for 15-20 hours per week, with a flexible schedule. No company benefits are offered. The ideal candidate will be able to commit to the position long-term (minimum 1 year). Expected start date: early November 2018.
The Center is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. People from underrepresented communities, including people of color, women, LGBTQ and people with disabilities, are strongly encouraged to apply.
Email résumé and cover letter explaining interest, relevant experience and dates of availability to [email protected], subject: "Office Manager position." Please send cover letter and résumé as attachments only, not in the text of the e-mail. Due to the volume of applications we receive we will only be contacting those selected for an interview.
Last Updated 1/8/2019
According to a report out of Venturebeat, Google and LG have teamed up to launch two new Android Wear watches, the Watch Sport and Watch Style. The timing of the release of these watches is centered around the launch of Android Wear 2.0, which we now expect to arrive on February 9.
As you may have guessed, that's only a few weeks away, yet we know almost nothing about either device, outside of the fact that we're pretty sure at least one of them passed through the FCC last week with LTE on board. Thankfully, today's report gives us further details on specs and availability.
The watches will reportedly be unveiled on February 9 with Android Wear 2.0 and will go on sale the following day. The Watch Sport will sell in color choices of titanium or dark blue, while the Watch Style will sell in color choices of titanium, silver, and rose gold.
As for specs, the Watch Sport will feature a 14.2mm thick case, 1.38-inch round display (480×480), 768MB RAM, 4GB storage, and a 430mAh battery. The Watch Style, on the other hand, will feature a 10.8mm thick case, 1.2-inch round display (360×360), 512MB RAM, 4GB storage, and a 240mAh battery. Each smartwatch should have Bluetooth and WiFi, IP68 (Sport) and IP67 (Style) water and dust resistance, and Google Assistant integration, plus the Watch Sport will gain 3G and LTE connectivity, GPS, NFC, and a heart rate sensor. Additionally, both watches will feature a digital crown of sorts, to help with navigating the new Android Wear 2.0 UI.
We don't yet know pricing, but it's safe to assume that Watch Sport is the more expensive of the two.
Again, February 9 is thought to be the big day. As we learn more, we'll be sure to update you.
Show full PR text
Sony develops "SmartAR*1" Integrated Augmented Reality technology
- Featured with markerless and high-speed object recognition & tracking as well as
dynamic 3D space recognition & image rendering -
Sony has developed integrated 'Augmented Reality (hereafter referred to as 'AR') technology' called as "Smart AR." When capturing visuals through a camera on a device such as a smartphone, the technology enables additional information to be displayed on the device's screens such as virtual objects, or images and texts that cannot be identified by visual perception alone. The technology employs the markerless approach, forgoing any requirement for special markers such as 2D barcodes. The object captured by the camera is quickly recognized and can be tracked at high-speed along with the movement of the camera, as it is displayed over the actual 3D space.
AR technology has recently been the subject of much interest, and is being used in a variety of applications such as advertisements, promotions, games, and information searches. Sony began researching AR in 1994 with two-dimensional barcodes recognition (marker approach), and in 1998, it developed VAIO "PCG-C1" personal computers equipped with software which automatically recognized 'CyberCode*2.'
"SmartAR" technology combines 'object recognition technology' (markerless approach in which no special markers are required) for recognition of general objects such as photographs and posters with Sony's own proprietary '3D space recognition technology,' which has been fostered through the research of robots such as "AIBO" and "QRIO." With "SmartAR" technology objects can be recognized and tracked at high-speed. In addition to displaying virtual objects or additional image or text information (hereafter, 'AR information'), the technology also facilitates the expression of AR information over an extended space, thus producing a dynamic, large-scale AR experience.
Furthermore, information can be acquired or navigated by simply touching the AR information directly on the screen of the smartphone or other device, thus achieving an intuitive and seamless user interface that is unique to "SmartAR."
Sony will continue to experiment with "SmartAR" technology with the aim to add new value for various services and business applications such as advertising and games.
< Main features >
(1) Object recognition that enables the markerless approach
AR information can be displayed on the captured image which appears on a device's screen, including those images that do not have any special markers for AR. This technology is also compatible with image recognition technologies that use conventional markers (such as "CyberCode*2"). Because "SmartAR" can recognize everyday objects such as posters and menus, it has the potential for a wide variety of applications.
"SmartAR" object recognition technology identifies objects by analyzing features detected from a portion of the image (hereafter, 'local features') together with their positional relationship. Our feature matching technology that employs a proprietary probabilistic method that matches local features with minimal calculations enables high-speed recognition that is resistant to changes in lighting or the position of the object. In addition, recognition is still possible even if the object captured appears to be comparatively small in the display.
(2) High-speed tracking ('rapid & accurate')
Sony achieved its natural-feeling 'rapid & accurate' AR by quickly displaying AR information on the screen and then tracking the camera's movements at high-speed. This has been realized by combining object recognition technology with our proprietary matching technology that uses features detected from a portion of the image ('local features') and image tracking technology that is capable of dealing with changes in the shape of the object.
(3) 3D space recognition
With our dynamic, large-scale AR, virtual objects can be merged with 3D structures detected in the physical world. For example, even if the AR image is a gigantic virtual character whose size exceeds the dimensions of the device's screen, the technology allows the user to grasp the entirety of the virtual character when the camera is moved around. Furthermore, it is also possible to move the virtual object in the actual 3D space as if it were really there.
Three-dimensional space recognition technology is based on use of the disparity observed by the camera movements to estimate the shape of the 3D space and the position and angle of the camera. By combining this with object recognition technology, devices become capable of identifying and remembering 3D space constructions.
(4) AR Interaction
Information can be intuitively acquired and navigated by directly touching the AR information displayed on the smartphone or device's screen. The distinctiveness of "SmartAR" technology comes from the user interface which enables users to naturally use and operate additional information and virtual objects.
The only hardware shown on-stage during Sony's PlayStation 4 event was the retooled DualShock controller, the DualShock 4. No box. No PS4 Eye. No new version of Move. As for the console itself, its absence makes some sense in light of today's news from SCEA prez Jack Tretton that the console's internals are "still in development in terms of final specs and design." So, how final is the only piece of hardware Sony was willing to trot out? "It's near final. It's just gonna be small tweaks being done," Sony Worldwide Studios head Shuhei Yoshida told us in an interview this morning.
Sadly, they also admitted we won't be able to touch any of it anytime soon. "By E3, I think" was the best they could offer. They blamed Sony's hardware folks for not allowing access, despite them pleading with PR to give hands-on time. "I was just asking our PR team can we just let you touch this stuff. Our hardware guys don't want you to find out some detail that ..." they said, trailing off. "Some dirty secret?" we asked. "Of course," they responded with a smile.
Moving on to Vita and the Remote Play functionality on PS4 (which allows you to play any PS4 game on your Vita, via streaming), Yoshida said that -- unlike with the PlayStation 3's Remote Play functionality -- Sony's asking devs to try their game via Remote Play on Vita before submitting final code for publishing. They also said that, using Remote Play, developers could implement Vita-specific controls. "Some PS Vita games make use of the edge of the screen to add contextual buttons -- that works really well, I think, and it's easy to see. So that kind of thing I'd like to see developers do on PS Vita over Remote Play," Yoshida explained.
They also apologized for not showing the final box, getting out ahead of the inevitable question from the room full of journalists. But hey, we sympathize -- Sony's gotta save something for E3, right? PlayStation Plus on PlayStation 4 may also be on that list; when we asked Yoshida about its presence on the next Sony game console, they coyly answered, "I know the answer, but we're not talking about it. I'm a subscriber, so I'd like to see it." Us too!
YI Technology to Launch 4K Action Camera in the U.S. on Amazon Prime Day
Industry's First Action Camera to Combine 4K30 Video Recording, Integrated Touchscreen, and Up To Two Hours of Battery Life
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Just in time for Amazon Prime Day on July 12, YI Technology, the leading, international provider of advanced, intelligent imaging technologies, will launch the YI 4K Action Camera, the latest in its successful line of action and home cameras. The new device is the only action camera on the market today that combines 4K30 video recording, up to 120 minutes of recording time and an integrated, high-resolution touchscreen, all at the unmatched price point of $249.
“That's why we've packed the YI 4K Action Camera with the best components the industry has to offer, to deliver truly outstanding performance at an affordable price.” Tweet this
The YI 4K Action Camera will be used later this year as a core component of a virtual reality camera, developed by Google and YI. The camera will support 3D-360-degree imagery for virtual reality capture and experiences. This partnership was previously announced at Google I/O.
The YI 4K Action Camera is built with Sony's 12MP IMX377 CMOS image sensor and the latest A9SE75 processor from Ambarella, allowing users to capture and share moments with increased speed and lower power consumption – including 4K30 video recording at 30fps. The built-in Lens Distortion Correction and Electronic Image Stabilization mean videos are clear and natural. And when it's time to slow the action down, there is a built-in Slow Motion mode, with no need to edit video later.
“Today's action videographers demand both long recording times and the best image quality,” said Sean Da, Co-Founder and CEO of, YI Technology. “That's why we've packed the YI 4K Action Camera with the best components the industry has to offer, to deliver truly outstanding performance at an affordable price.”
But shooting thrilling videos is about more than just images. That's why the YI 4K Action Camera features a new, integrated dual microphone, so movies have audio that is just as clear and vivid as what is on the screen.
Controlling the YI 4K Action Camera is a breeze thanks to its integrated 2.19-inch, 640x360 resolution touchscreen at 330ppi. With a full 160-degree viewing angle, the display ensures users can preview their videos on the fly and never miss a shot. A Bluetooth 4.0 remote control is available for shooting from a distance. And the accompanying apps for iOS and Android allow people to not just shoot, but also edit and share professional-quality pictures and videos on the fly – no separate PC needed.
“The action camera market is still a hotly contested one, with established players meeting challenges from emerging entrants,” said Alan Bullock, Associate Director of Connected Imaging Trends service, InfoTrends. “YI Technology's entry into the 4K action camera field is sure to heat up that competition as consumers demand ever more features and higher overall image quality.”
A wide range of YI accessories that are compatible with the YI 4K Action Camera are already available, including an expandable selfie-stick, Bluetooth 4.0 remote control, waterproof camera housing, and a harness for wearing or mounting the action camera.
YI Technology already offers its core products such as Action Camera and Home IP Camera internationally. YI cameras are powerful and lightweight and packed with industry leading image processors and all products offer the ability to capture full high definition videos and photos.
Later this year, YI will release a developer kit that will allow even more innovators to use its camera technology in exciting new ways.
YI 4K Action Camera Tech Specs:
With the YI 4K Action Camera, users will experience thrilling moments with crystal-clear fidelity, thanks to significant innovations and upgrades.
New-generation Ambarella A9SE75 processor, featuring dual 800MHz Cortex-A9 ARM cores and a highly efficient digital signal processor (DSP) for high performance and low power consumption.
Latest low power Sony IMX377 12-megapixel CMOS image sensor.
Picture Quality: 7 layers of optical glass lenses combined with F2.8 large aperture increase light intake to capture crisp and detailed footage.
LCD Touch Screen: Featuring a 2.19-inch, 640x360 high-sensitivity touchscreen at 330PPI, protected with Gorilla Glass for action shooting. Viewable from 160° angle.
Dual-band 5GHz/2.4GHz 802.11abgn Wi-Fi, with up to 30Mbps fast download speed.
High Capacity Battery: Rechargeable 1400mAh high-voltage 4.4V lithium-ion battery.
Dimensions: 2.6 x 1.7 x 1.2 inches.
Weight: 3.4 ounces (94g) including camera and battery.
Pricing and Availability:
YI 4K Action Camera will be available on July 12 in Night Black, Pearl White, and Rose Gold colors. Price: $249, Amazon.com
Governments spent heavily on Tamiflu starting last decade when public health officials warned of deadly influenzas. But the billion-dollar investment produced only healthy outcomes for the balance sheets of the drug's manufacturer, Roche.
This conclusion was reached by British researchers who said they could not substantiate claims by Roche and GlaxoSmithKline (which makes a rival flu drug) Relenza, that their products helped people fight off flu effects.
The British government—anticipating the potential death of 750,000 of its citizens in the event of a bird flu outbreak—spent more than $700 million stockpiling 40 million doses of Tamiflu, while the U.S. government forked out $1.3 billion on a massive antiviral reserve that includes the drug. Tamiflu is also listed by the World Health Organization as an “essential medicine.” Yet the researchers found few if any benefits from the two drugs and, in fact, discovered that they produce negative side effects (“psychiatric…renal…and metabolic adverse events”) which were previously dismissed or never acknowledged.
All the money spent by governments around the world on those stockpiles “have been thrown down the drain,” Carl Heneghan, a lead investigator of the study and a professor of evidence-based medicine at Britain's Oxford University, told Reuters. This is because accurate data about the drugs has long been withheld from government regulators, the medical community and the public.
Five years ago, Tamiflu sales reached nearly $3 billion, in large part because of the H1N1 flu pandemic scare. The Cochrane Collaboration and the British Medical Journal fought for four years to gain access to Roche's Tamiflu data. Once they succeeded, they conducted a joint analysis.
Roche officials dismissed the researchers' findings, saying the drug firm “fundamentally disagrees with the overall conclusions” of the study.
“We firmly stand by the quality and integrity of our data, reflected in decisions reached by 100 regulators across the world and subsequent real-world evidence demonstrating that Tamiflu is an effective medicine in the treatment and prevention of influenza,” the company said in a prepared statement.
“Remember, the idea of a drug is that the benefits should exceed the harms,” noted Heneghan. “So if you can't find any benefits, that accentuates the harms.”
“Why did no-one else demand this level of scrutiny before spending such huge sums on one drug?” Journal editor Fiona Godlee said to Reuters. “The whole story gives an extraordinary picture of the entrenched flaws in the current system of drug regulation and drug evaluation.”
- Danny Biederman, Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Researchers, Regulators and Roche row over Stockpiled Drug Tamiflu (by Kate Kelland, Reuters)
Tamiflu: Millions Wasted on Flu Drug, Claims Major Report (by James Gallagher, BBC News)
Neuraminidase Inhibitors for Preventing and Treating Influenza in Healthy Adults and Children (by Tom Jefferson, Mark A. Jones, Peter Doshi, Chris B. Del Mar, Rokuro Hama, Matthew J. Thompson, Elizabeth A. Spencer, Igho Onakpoya, Kamal R. Mahtani, David Nunan, Jeremy Howick, and Carl J. Heneghan; Cochrane Review) (abstract)
Swine Flu Stirred Profits, but Fewer Deaths than Predicted (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Profiting from Swine Flu (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mexico captain Rafael Marquez has provided the perfect response to plans for a wall to be built along the United States-Mexico border.
The recently-inaugurated US president Donald Trump on Wednesday signed an executive order for "an impassable physical barrier" to be erected as they sought to tighten America's immigration controls.
The issue has sparked strong opposition from Mexico's elected officials, while one of its greatest football stars has weighed into the debate.
Marquez has 136 caps to their name and starred for Barcelona for seven years before departing in 2010.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Images)
They wrote on Twitter: "There is no wall able to stop us if we believe in ourselves."
The amendment to the spelling of the Spanish word for 'fortitude' in the hashtag refers to the shirt number they typically wear for Mexico - and did for Barcelona.
Alongside the tweet, the 37-year-old Marquez put up a video, serving as a metaphor, of them firing a free-kick over a wall and into the top corner of the net.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — Fans of professional sports teams would not have noticed anything out of the ordinary at Milan Puskar Stadium's concession stands on a recent sunny Saturday afternoon. Domestic and imported beer, wine and a hard cider advertised as gluten-free were all for sale during West Virginia's football game against Maryland.
But these options were actually unusual. West Virginia is in the small minority of college teams that sell alcohol at football games to general-admission ticketholders, which it has done since 2011. And it is one of very few in the five most prominent conferences to do so, although many more make alcohol available in suites and to holders of other kinds of premium tickets.
“I'm a traditionalist,” said Alan Cage, 65, a West Virginia fan who sold Coca-Cola at the old Mountaineer Field when they were a boy. “It's college football, and I grew up with no beer in the stands.”
But they were quick to add, “From an economic standpoint, I can understand.”
In an era of seven-figure coaching salaries and demands for more resources for athletes, universities are always looking for ways to increase revenue. But college football is also eager to keep up attendance, which averaged 44,190 last season, the lowest figure since at least 2003, according to the N.C.A.A. In the era of high-definition home televisions, fan experience is the focus of many athletic directors' offices.
The start of the 2016 college football season is around the corner, and four schools are featured on regional covers of Sports Illustrated's annual preview issue.
Michigan, UCLA, Clemson and Houston each have their own cover, with SI's experts projecting two of those programs to reach the College Football Playoff.
The Michigan cover, featuring Jabrill Peppers—who is profiled by Andy Staples in the magazine—will be sent to Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland, Washington D.C., New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Nebraska and Eastern Missouri.
The Clemson cover, which features Heisman favorite Deshaun Watson, will go to subscribers in Kentucky, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.
​
The Houston cover, starring quarterback Greg Ward Jr., will be sent to Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, New Mexico, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Missouri. In the issue, Pete Thamel writes about how Ward and Houston coach Tom Herman had to overcome serious doubts about each other to find success.
The UCLA cover, featuring brash quarterback Josh Rosen—who Pete Thamel also writes about in the issue—will go to readers in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, California, Alaska and Hawaii.
​
The preview also includes SI's top 25, as well as expert predictions for the upcoming season—including the national champion.
Elsewhere in this week's issue, which will hit newsstands later this week, are dispatches by Alexander Wolff and Tim Layden from the Rio 2016 Olympics.
First off, thanks for checking out the project! Meet eLan who's collaborating with this project below:
What is The Syntheshredder?
The Syntheshredder is an interactive installation utilizing live sound and performance. It's a 20ft diameter skate bowl that will house sensors embedded under the surface. These will then be routed to a series of hardware instruments as well as custom software that will effectively turn the ramp into a versatile musical instrument. By transforming the skater into the musician, the Syntheshredder will have the potential to generate sounds and layered compositions that I believe will be quite powerful and compelling. Along with several musicians and artists, we will produce several tracks which will be pressed onto a limited edition run of 12" vinyl records.
My Plan for Completing the Project
The physical ramp is already built. I started the project last December and have been going back to it as I get the money to buy more materials. The documentation of the build process is thorough and will continue to be so moving forward. Afterall, as many of you already know, the "making of" can be as important as the final product!
The next step is to lay out all the electronics. I'm already in the process of prototyping what sensors work best and with the help of additional funding can start buying them in bulk. Then its just a matter of wiring, testing, troubleshooting, repeat. Luckily, there's already a team of talented individuals who will help see this thing through.
Project Website: http://www.syntheshredder.com
What's the Money For?
I have already poured about all the money I can afford into buying the necessary lumber and hardware for the bowl. With your help, the project can move forward into the next phase of production by purchasing the equipment and electronics required to turn it into a functional instrument. In addition to building the interactive bowl, a large portion of the funding will also go into the production of the music itself. The Syntheshredder wouldn't be complete unless it was used to create some compositions. The money will go towards mastering those compositions and producing a high quality vinyl as an artifact of the piece itself. All records will come in a well designed cover and is sure to be a great collectable. But all the pressing and printing will cost money, so if you too think this is a great idea, pre-order your copy and let's make some beautiful music together!
This is without a doubt a labor of love. I've dedicated countless hours constructing this piece and will gladly dedicate more. Friends and colleagues have also been recruited to help with construction, wiring, programming, and production- all for free. Everyone involved just wants to create something fresh and exciting so your money will really go a long way in helping us reach that goal.
Collaborators
This is a growing list of people who will participate in the project, check back often!
Kickstarter video by Jimmy Chorng
Image copyright AP Image caption The number of migrants from Central America to the United States has doubled from last year
The United States is boosting aid and speeding up deportations to cope with the growing number of migrants from Central America.
Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras will all receive millions of dollars to combat gang violence.
The money will also be used to help citizens repatriated from the US
The White House said it would also step up the removal of illegal migrants from the country and open additional detention centres.
But, in a statement, it added it would protect the rights of those seeking asylum.
From October 2013 to 15 June, 52,000 unaccompanied children arrived on the US border with Mexico, according to the US Homeland Security department.
The agency is looking for more facilities to house the minors and has said it will bring more immigration lawyers to the border to deal with the influx.
It is believed that criminal violence is responsible for the surge of Central American migrants, especially from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.
But the US has also begun a public-relations campaign to clarify a recent policy change that stopped deportations of people who had previously arrived in the US illegally as children.
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Barack Obama has called the influx of migrant children an "urgent humanitarian situation"
"All who enter the United States without proper immigration status are subject to deportation proceedings," US Ambassador to Mexico Anthony Wayne said on Thursday.
"Simply put, there is no reward for the great risk to which these children are being subjected."
Cecilia Munoz, the White House domestic policy director, said in a conference call that the US is trying to "deal with the misinformation that is being deliberately planted by criminal organisations, by smuggling networks, about what people can expect when they come to the United States".
Republican House Speaker John Boehner placed the blame for the influx squarely on the White House, saying its policies had "directly resulted in the belief by these immigrants that once they reach US soil, they will be able to stay here indefinitely".
Mr Boehner called for Mr Obama to order the National Guard to the southern US border to bolster the work of the Department of Homeland Security border patrol.
On Friday, the Obama administration also announced $93m (£54m) in new programmes to reduce violence in the region.
The funding includes $40m to reduce gang membership in Guatemala, $25m to build youth outreach centres in El Salvador and $18.5m to build youth outreach centres in Honduras.
US Vice-President Joe Biden arrived in Guatemala on Friday to discuss the proposals with the country's President Otto Perez Molina, Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez and senior officials from Honduras and Mexico.
Earlier this month, President Barack Obama described the growing influx of unaccompanied children migrating to the United States as an "urgent humanitarian situation".
The White House asked Congress for an extra $1.4bn to cope with the situation.
“I've been in this field for more than 30 years,” said co-anchor of Today Ann Curry. “I've heard a lot of stereotypes.”
Women continue climbing the rungs of power—building their ranks as heads of state, corporate leaders and media influencers—but their minority status means they still face harsh, limiting assessments based on their gender. “Women are being judged more, even by other women,” said Valerie Young, Ed.D., author of The Secret Thoughts of Successful Women. While male leaders are allowed to have complex personalities, powerful women are often summed up by hackneyed stereotypes that undermine them and their power.
ForbesWoman tracked down many of the world's most powerful women, from IMF chief Christine Lagarde to Jill Abramson of the New York Times, to ask: What is your least favorite stereotype about powerful women? Gender and career experts also weighed in on the dangerous notions about female success and how they seep into the collective subconscious. The following represent the 10 most hated and pervasive stereotypes.
No. 1: Ice Queen
Halley Bock, CEO of leadership and development training company Fierce, notes that the ruthless “ice queen” stereotype is rampant. Cultural depictions, like frigid magazine editor Miranda Priestly in The Devil Wears Prada (and their real-world counterpart Anna Wintour of Vogue) and back-stabbing boss Patty Hewes on Damages, paint successful women as unsympathetic power-mongers. It is, of course, a Catch-22. “A woman who shows emotion in the workplace is often cast as too fragile or unstable to lead,” Bock said. “A woman who shows no emotion and keeps it hyper-professional is icy and unfeminine. For many women, it can be a no-win situation.”
No. 2: Single and Lonely
Harvard lecturer Olivia Fox Cabane notes that the strong perception that powerful women are intimidating to men and will need to sacrifice their personal lives may stop women from going after power. Even those women who aren't interested in marrying, face harsh judgments. Men get to be “bachelors” while women are reduced to “spinsters” and “old-maids.” In fact, when Janet Napolitano was nominated Secretary of Homeland Security, critics said them being single would allow them to “spend more time on the job.”
No. 3: Tough
The first female Executive Editor of The New York Times, Jill Abramson is anything but stereotypical. They had a hard-charging career as an investigative reporter at The Wall Street Journal and edited their way to the top of the Times masthead. She's also a true-blood New Yorker and is writing a book about puppies. Despite their complexities, they must contend with being called “tough” and “brusque,” making the “she's-tough stereotype” their least favorite. Said Abramson: “As an investigative reporter, I had tough standards and a formidable way of framing and reporting stories, but I don't think of myself as a tough person.”
No. 4: Weak
Costa Rica President Laura Chinchilla, the country's first female leader, told me that successful women face typecasting largely because society is still adjusting to women's recent decision-making power. Chinchilla believes the most pervasive stereotype is that women are “weak,” a perception that may stem from women's greater desire to build a consensus. “We understand success not as the result of just one person but as the result of a team,” they said. “[It's a] different way of dealing with power [that] is misunderstood as a kind of weakness.”
No. 5: Masculine
The notion that powerful women must be, lead and look like a man really aggravates Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund. In a video interview with FORBES they said--pumping their fist--she hates the idea that “you have to look like a business person.” They admitted they sometimes feel the pressure to look the “right” way, but tries to resist not being “overly businesslike.”
No. 6: Conniving
When NBC's Curry first started their career, they were told they couldn't be a news reporter because women had “no news judgment.” Now, she's at the top of their game and says the stereotype that most offends them is “the idea that a woman can only be successful because they somehow connived or engineered their rise--that they could not rise simply because they were too good to be denied.” They have experienced it herself, saying that they get asked if they “forced” NBC to give them the anchor job or if there was a “backroom deal.” Curry told me, “I find it really annoying.”
No. 7: Emotional
Ellen Lubin-Sherman, executive coach and author of business guide The Essentials of Fabulous, believes one the most dangerous stereotypes female leaders will face is that they are prone to emotional outbursts. Despite Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's consistent cool-headed demeanor, when they teared up on the campaign trail, the media pounced. Similarly, former Yahoo Chief Carol Bartz is frequently cited for their “salty language,” which has been used as evidence that they are “emotional” and a “loose cannon.”
No. 8: Angry
“Anger is a sign of status in men, but when women show anger they are viewed as less competent,” said Young. First Lady Michelle Obama was condemned as an “angry black woman” when they were campaigning for their husband in the 2008 presidential election. The Harvard-trained lawyer conscientiously softened their image and speeches in order to be more “likable,” becoming better known for their fashion and their unending support of their husband than for their stance on political issues.
No. 9: A Token
Women hold just 16% of corporate board seats. But instead of focusing on balancing things out, they are often devalued as being a “token” of diversity rather than having earned the post. Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was often the only woman in the room, but their gender didn't get them there. “While companies take their diversity goals seriously, they are not going to settle for less than the best person for the job," said Lynne Sarikas, director of the MBA career center at Northeastern University. “Women are hired because of their education and experience and what they can do for the company.”
No. 10: A Cheerleader
Billie Blair, president and CEO of Change Strategists, notes that prominent women who are considered feminine and warm may be dismissed as “cheerleaders” rather than the strong leaders that they are. When former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was running for VP, Blair was amazed to hear a male client describe them as “a cheerleader, not a coach nor a quarterback.”
Follow me @Jenna_Goudreau.
Readers: Which ones did we miss? Why do these stereotypes persist? How can we change the conversation and allow successful women to have complex personalities?
The alternate financial media has been abuzz of late with bizarre stories of the alleged suicides of prominent members of world banking and finance. Over recent weeks, between eight and twelve (some say as many as twenty) successful traders and managers involved with FOREX trading and other derivative currency speculation, have conveniently “decided” to throw themselves from the roof tops of a variety of JP Morgan Chase banks in London, Hong Kong, and New York. Another top banking official, William Broeksmit, former executive at Deutsche Bank, was found hanged in their London home.
And others with strong connections to investment banking and the Federal Reserve itself have likewise met unusual deaths. Michael Dueker, former vice president of the St. Louis branch of the Federal Reserve, was found at the bottom of a fifty foot embankment below where they had just parked their car in Tacoma, Washington. The cause of death is still undetermined. The strangest of these deaths was Richard Talley, a former investment banker with Drexel Burnham Lambert who was alleged to have shot themselves with a nail gun at least ten times in their Centennial, Colorado, home.
The keen observer will note that a great number of these deaths have occurred in tandem with the extensive multinational regulatory agency investigations of egregious fraud, price fixing, and “front run” trading in the FOREX markets and in the LIBOR index. These markets are gigantic and it is hard for the novice to comprehend the magnitude of money that is involved in daily transactions for both of these. The weekly volume on the FOREX market alone is excess of $20 trillion.
As of two weeks ago, no less than ten global banking giants including JP Morgan Chase, Royal Bank of Scotland, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Lloyds Banking Group, and others, have found themselves the object of a litany of criminal probes that undoubtedly have created tension and fear, bordering on “flight or fight” panic within these banking conglomerates. Only the extremely naïve could find it hard to believe that the banking world, in order to cover up and protect itself from prosecution of the greatest financial crimes and frauds in history, would not resort to measures of extreme prejudice to eliminate potential material witnesses.
The key point to understand here, however, is that this is not at all a new phenomenon. The history of banking in the modern era (since the establishment of the Bank of England in the late 17th century), has been nothing but an ugly cavalcade of theft of sovereign national treasuries too vast to calculate. From the beginning, these large private central banks (the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan, etc.), were intentionally designed to operate freely above the rule of law in their respective nations. They have been the financiers of most of the conflicts and wars in the last two centuries and are continuing to do so unabated to the present. Countless millions have died in these bankers' wars in service to the unbridled greed of these financiers.
Through the massive inflation of each nation's currency they dominate, the bankers have robbed the citizens of the purchasing power of their money and with it, their life savings. Since the establishment of the Federal Reserve in 1913, for example, the purchasing power of the US dollar has been eroded to nearly 1/100th of its original value. This has not been accidental. This was planned from the beginning. Private fractional reserve central banking is the greatest criminal conspiracy that continues to this day to hide in plain sight.
But please, don't just think this is only our opinion. Fascinatingly, the bankers themselves have throughout the decades, clearly revealed their purpose and intent. At this juncture, we would like to offer some quotes for you by the highest ranking members of the banking elite, past and present.
“The bank hath benefit of interest on all moneys which it creates out of nothing.”
William Paterson, founder of the Bank of England in 1694
“Let me issue and control a nation's money and I care not who writes the laws.”
Mayer Amschel Rothschild (1744-1812), founder of the House of Rothschild.
“If my sons did not want wars, there would be none.”
Gutle Schnaper, wife of Mayer Amschel Rothschild and mother of their five sons
“The few who understand the system will either be so interested in its profits or be so dependent upon its favours that there will be no opposition from that class, while on the other hand, the great body of people, mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system, will bear its burdens without complaint, and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests.”
The Rothschild brothers of London writing to associates in New York, 1863
“Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The Bankers own the Earth. Take it away from them, but leave them the power to create deposits, and with the flick of a pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again. However, take it away from them, and all the fortunes like mine will disappear, and they ought to disappear, for this world would be a happier and better world to live in. But if you wish to remain slaves of the Bankers and pay for the cost of your own slavery, let them continue to create deposits.”
Sir Josiah Stamp, President of the Bank of England in the 1920s, the second richest man in Britain
“When you or I write a check, there must be sufficient funds in our account to cover the check; but when the Federal Reserve writes a check, there is no bank deposit on which that check is drawn. When the Federal Reserve writes a check, it is creating money.”
From the Boston Federal Reserve Bank pamphlet, “Putting it Simply.”
“Neither paper currency nor deposits have value as commodities. Intrinsically, a ‘dollar' bill is just a piece of paper. Deposits are merely book entries.”
“Modern Money Mechanics Workbook” – Federal Reserve of Chicago, 1975
“I am afraid the ordinary citizen will not like to be told that the banks can and do create money. And they who control the credit of the nation direct the policy of Governments and hold in the hollow of their hand the destiny of the people.”
Reginald McKenna, as Chairman of the Midland Bank, addressing stockholders in 1924
“I am just a banker doing God's work.”
Lloyd Blankfein, CEO, Goldman Sachs, 2009
“Banks do not have an obligation to promote the public good.”
Alexander Dielius, CEO, Germany, Austrian, Eastern Europe Goldman Sachs, 2010
So there it is in their own words. The arrogance, elitism, and condescension of bankers towards the common citizen are starkly revealed. These brilliant criminals have created the Ponzi scheme of all Ponzi schemes and so far, protected it from any form of criminal prosecution. However, that might be about to change. Awareness of their criminality is growing throughout the world at a rapid pace but never doubt that this group will fight tenaciously and be willing to go to any extremes to protect their centuries' old scam. We predict there will undoubtedly be more strange banker deaths ahead of us in the ensuing weeks, months, and years.
The next time you walk into your local bank, please ask yourself this question, “Do I really want to entrust my hard earned wages and savings to a centuries' old criminal scheme?” If you don't, please consider gold and silver for protection of your wealth.”
To learn more about the rewards of precious metals investing, including how to fund your existing IRA with gold or silver, call Liberty Gold and Silver seven days a week at 888.751.3330. To learn about the most generous affiliate marketing program in the precious metals industry, please visit the Liberty Gold and Silver Affiliate Marketing Program. We're happy to spend as much time as you need to discuss the details with you.
© Copyright 2013 Liberty Gold and Silver, All rights Reserved.
Written For: Liberty Gold and Silver News Blog
Sally's very loud — and very fake — public orgasm in the film “When Harry Met Sally” was their emphatic way of proving that Harry has no clue if the revolving door of women they sleep with are satisfied or not.
Although the jury is still out on one-night stands, a new study of relationships by Canadian psychologists has found that men and women are equally good at picking up on their partners' sexual satisfaction. If you're in a committed partnership, your lover already knows how much you're enjoying yourself in bed — so no need to start using Sally-esque theatrics to get your point across, in other words.
But, for better or worse, the study results also mean that you probably can't hide dissatisfaction with your sex life well, either.
The researchers surveyed members of 84 heterosexual married or cohabiting Canadian couples on their own levels of sexual satisfaction, as well as what they perceived their partners' to be. They also looked at relationship happiness, sexual communication and general emotion-recognition ability. First, ratings of sexual satisfaction from each partner were compared with the other, to see how couples stacked up.
“On average, both men and women did well,” said Erin Fallis, study author and psychology graduate student of the University of Waterloo in Ontario. “They had, overall, accurate and unbiased perceptions of their partners' sexual satisfaction.”
Those who rated themselves as having good sexual communication were, predictably, better at judging their lovers' pleasure levels. But even for those whose verbal communication was lacking, some made up for it by being naturally adept at reading human emotion. Emotion recognition ability was tested by showing subjects photos of people's eyes and having them guess which emotion the look was conveying.
Also, judging a partner's pleasure correctly may arise from natural compatibility rather than relationship longevity, since accuracy was independent of how long the couple had been together.
The study was published online Thursday in the journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.
Some studies in the past had hinted that men overestimate how much satisfaction their female partners get from sex. One survey from 1992, by pioneering sociologist Edward O. Laumann of the University of Chicago, found that 43.5 percent of men reported that their partners always had an orgasm, but only 28.6 percent of women self-reported having orgasms.
A more recent study published in 2010 found a similar result: 85 percent of men said their partners had an orgasm during their last sexual encounter, but only 64 percent of women said the same.
But Fallis noted that these were studies of individuals, not couples; plus, there's arguably more to sexual satisfaction than reaching climax.
“I would discourage against looking at orgasm as a comprehensive measure of sexual satisfaction,” they said.
But Laumann said their subject recruitment methods are flawed. While they performed mostly in-home interviews for their 1992 sex survey, Fallis and their colleagues had couples come into the lab together to answer questions for the three-hour-long study — which probably selected out any subjects with troubled relationships.
“A couple who don't really care much for each other anymore — are they going to rush in to do this kind of survey?” they asked. “It imposes a lot of requirements on the couple to be cooperative.”
The couples overall rated themselves quite content with their relationships, and Fallis isn't sure the results would hold for couples in distress.
“It's a happy message, but it's not necessarily a valid message,” Laumann said. The researchers “have a lot of information, but they didn't pay as much attention to who they got it from.”
Psychologist James McNulty of Florida State University, who was not involved in the study, said they wondered what kind of impact accurate perceptions of a partner's sexual satisfaction would have on the relationship.
In a healthy pairing, perhaps noticing a partner's waning enthusiasm could push for a much-needed update of a couple's sexual script — the series of actions and routines that a couple develops when it comes to sex. A sexual script can include factors such as time of day, extent of foreplay, weekends vs. weekdays and location in the house. A shot of novelty can boost levels of pleasure for all parties involved, which can ultimately prove positive for a relationship.
“Sexual satisfaction is the strongest predictor of men's relationship stability — whether they break up or stay together,” Fallis said, citing an extensive review paper of studies on married couples. “It's the second strongest for women after relationship satisfaction.”
Clinical psychologist Gregory Kuhlman of Brooklyn College, also not involved with the study, said the results should encourage individuals to speak freely about sexual frustrations or unmet needs, since partners probably already know if they are feeling unfulfilled.
But how to bring it up without offending or upsetting someone is another hurdle. Recognizing that a happy partner is happy can be great, but the opposite — discerning unhappiness — can be threatening and anxiety-fueling, McNulty said.
“The standard advice about discussing sex is: Don't do it during sex,” Kuhlman said. “As with any potentially sensitive topic, pick a time when you're both well-rested, undistracted, etc.”
Kim is a freelance science journalist based in Philadelphia.
Turns out ‘fetch' did happen.
In the last 10 years Mean Girls has become the cornerstone of high school horror shows. A zeitgeist for kitten heels and backhanded compliments, the film gives an only slightly exaggerated insight into what being a teenager in the 2000s was like.
If it was made today Regina would have 2,000 Instagram followers and they'd get crunk listening to Azealia Banks instead of Missy Elliot. Karen would end up modelling for American Apparel and everyone would be arrested for cyberbullying the fat girl who just has ‘a lot of feelings'. But apart from these smaller details, I feel that much would stay the same. Like Heathers and Clueless before it, Mean Girls will remain a timeless tribute to how awful girls can be to each other.
If you haven't watched it then you must be some sort of home-schooled super freak. Sort it out babe. For reals though, Mean Girls is a movie we should all see. It's witty, bitchy and, at points, painfully honest. Being a teenager is hard, and we could all use a little guidance navigating the awkward years. There's way more than ten reasons to catch up if you haven't, but these are probably the best.
All images: Paramount Pictures
July/August 2012
•
Industrial Worker
• Page 3
__I afrm that I am a wo rker, and that I am not an emp loyer.
__I agree to abide by the IWW constitution. __I will study its principles and acquaint myself with its purposes.
Name: ________________________________ Address: ______________________________ City, State, Post Code, Country: _______________ Occupation: ____________________________ Phone: ____________ Email: _______________ Amount Enclosed: _________
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common. There can be no peace so long as hunger and wa nt are found among millions of working people and the few, who make up the em- ploying class, have all the good things of life. Between these two classes a struggle must go on until the workers of the world organize as a class, take possession of the means of production, abolish the wage system, and live in harmony with the earth.
We nd that the center ing of the man
- agement of industries into fewer and fewer hands makes the trade unions unable to cope with the ever-growing power of the employing class. The trade unions foster a state of affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted a gainst a nother set of workers in the same industry, thereby helping defeat one a nother in wage wars. Moreover, the trade unio ns aid the employ- ing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the work ing class have interests in common with their employers. These conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one in- dustry, or all industries if necessary, cease work whenever a stri ke or lockout is on i n any department thereof, thus making an injury to one an injury to all. Instead of the conservative motto, “A fair day's wage for a fair day's work,” we must inscribe on our banner the revolu- tionary watchword, “Abolition of the wage system.” It is the historic mission of the work- ing class to do away with capitalism. The army of production must be organized, not only for the everyday struggle with capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitali sm shall have been over- thrown. By organizing industrially we are forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old.
TO JOIN:
Mail this form with a check or money order for initiation
and your rst month's dues to: IWW, Post Ofce Box 180195, Chicago, IL
60618, USA. Initiation is the same as one month's dues. Our dues are calculated according to your income. If your monthly income is unde r $2000, dues are $9 a month. If your monthly income is betw een $2000 and $3500, dues are $18 a month. If your monthly income is ove r $3500 a month, dues are $27 a month. Dues may vary outside of North America and in Regional Organizing Committees (Australia, British Isles, German Language Area).
Membership includes a subscription to the
Industrial Worker
.
Join the IWW T oday
T
they IWW is a union for all workers, a union dedicated to organizing on the job, in our industries and in our comm unities both to win bet ter conditions today and to build a world without bosses, a world in which production and distribution are organized by workers ourselves to meet the needs of the entire popu- lation, not merely a handful of exploiters. We are the Industrial W orkers of the World beca use we organize industrial ly – that is to say, we organize all workers on the job into one union, rather than dividing
workers by trade, so that we can po ol our strength to ght the bosses together.
Since the IWW was founded in 1905, we have recognized the need to build a truly international union movement in order to confront the global power of the bosses and in order to strengthen workers' ability to stand in solidarity with our fellow workers no matter wha t part of the globe they h appen to live on. We are a union open to a ll workers, whethe r or not the IWW happens to ha ve representation rights in your workplace. We organize the worker, not the job, recog-
nizing that unionism is not about government certication or employer recognition
but about wo rkers coming together to address o ur common concerns. Some times this means striking or signing a contract. Sometimes it means refusing to work with an unsafe machine or following the bosses' orders so literally that nothing gets done.
Sometimes it means agitating around particular issues or grievances in a specic
workplace, or across an industry. Because the IWW is a democratic, member-run union, decisions about what issues to address and what tactics to pursue are made by the workers directly involved.
IWW Constitution Preamble
By db
At present there is a large contingent of dedicated IWW members who believe in organizing, but who don't believe that their workplaces are organize-able, and as such, focus their efforts elsewhere. While I am a strong proponent of fo- cusing our energy, I think the idea that we must organize a whole workplace or not at all is a self-defeating practice and comes more from a business union playbook than our own. Regardless of workplace size and level of establishment, there are undoubtedly good reasons to take at least some begin- ning steps towards organizing your work- place. Whether there is an already exist- ing union or the workplace is virulently anti-union, be intentional about social mapping and identifying social leaders, doing one-on-ones with coworkers to build relationships and maybe connect them into improving working conditions and raising their class-consciousness, while also building the IWW. Let's consider a few real life examples: 1. You're a state worker and the government shuts down. You, as well as 20,000 other workers, are laid off. Your existing union is doing nothing relevant to respond to the situation and the only contact information you have for your coworkers is their work emails. If you
haven't taken the rst organizing step of
gathering contacts, there is no way to plan any type of collective response (outside of your union's bureaucratic methods), or even check in with your coworkers. 2. You're a retail worker in a relatively small shop that is mostly composed of a group of conservative Christian workers, generally white, male and anti-union. Many have strong ties to management or are actually related to the manager. There
is a signicantly smaller group made up
of low-income black workers, some white male nerds, a queer worker and two bad- ass women workers: one white, one Latina. These workers all suffer harassment, and are at least curious if not open to the ideas of working-class solidarity and struggle you've discussed with them. If you're not organizing you can't effectively respond to this harassment, or you might do so in a way that makes things worse. Moreover, intentionally building and struggling with coworkers opens the possibility of trans- forming the culture of harassment at work.
In fact, taking the rst steps might just
make it clear that organizing this work- place is a realistic possibility, and might at least get coworkers jazzed enough to join the WW or stay in touch and start organizing their next job. 3. You're a nurse in a unionized workforc e and most of your coworkers are older than you. They're counting their days until retirement and are on the high end of the pay scale. Big state cutbacks are expected down the line, but few of the new nurses like yourself know what it was like to work in pre-union conditions and are brainwashed by crazy new-hire propaganda. If you're not organizing you can't create a culture that welcomes and also alerts new workers to the conditions they should expect, along with the bullshit the company is putting out to confuse workers. Moreover, the possibility of set- ting up small events where experienced nurses share pre-union and union organiz- ing experiences with younger nurses can help change the workplace culture to one where w orkers stand up and contribute to organizing in advance of massive cutbacks that are likely to come in the years ahead. In all of these real examples, practiced organizing skills can help to understand and empower your fellow workers. Doing so will also make you capable of better sup- porting other workers' struggles and give you experience to be able to offer others practical advice. As such, you should get down to an organizer training to gain the skills and framework you need to begin setting and meeting workplace goals. From there,
it's useful to nd yourself an organizing
buddy: Perhaps a de legate , a nother worker in your industry, a coworker, or all three to set a regular schedule for talking about work, setting goals, and making change happen. You can do it! This is what a union of organizers is all about.
Thoughts? db[at]riseup.net.
Focus on Organizing
Name: _______________________ Address: __________ ___________ State/Pro vince: ___________ ___ Zip/PC________________________
Send to: PO Box 180195, Chicago IL 60618 USA
Subscribe To day!
Subscribe to the Industrial Worker
10 issues for:
• US $18 for individuals. • US $22 for institutions. • US $30 for internationals.
Educate yourself and your
fellow workers with the ofcial
newspaper of the IWW.
Just mail in this form, or visit us online at:
http://store.iww.org/industrial-worker.html
to subscribe today!
Building Blocks: A New Column On Building Branches Toward A Union Of Organizers
By Don M.
Building effective and functional General Membership Branches (GMBs) is an important task that is the key to the long-term goals and aspirations we have as an organization. This is nothing new and was mentioned specifically in the article entitled “For A Union of 10,000 Wobbies” (June 20 11
IW
, page 3). In the Nebraska GMB we have ex- perienced firsthand the necessity of a functional branch to aid local orga- nizing campaigns. We had a public organizing campaign before we even applied for a branch charter. Without the suppo rt of a functio nal branch to raise funds and to effec- tively organize local support among allies and friends, we were completely unpre- pared for the company's r etaliation. The company effectively bullied members into quitting, intimidated potential members into becoming anti-union, and eventu-
ally red one of our best organizers. As a
branch we were not prepared for this and I feel like we failed these workers. Through struggle we learn from our victori es and defeats. We have been a chartered branch since Jan. 1, 2011, and have made many mistakes and learned a lot. Along with our branch there have been en a nu mb er of ne wl y ch ar te re d branches in the pa st few years a s well; in Greater Kansas City, Tulsa, Richmond, Atlanta, Salt Lake City, Northeast Ohio and the Madison Industrial Union Branch (IUB) 560 come to mind. Over the next few months I will be reaching out to these branches and ask- ing them to submit articles to this column about their experiences with building a branch from the ground up, and to w rite about how they build solidarity among members, how they delegate tasks and administrative duties, what kinds of practices have been successful and which ones that have not. The purpose of these articles is to have our experiences written down for future reference for Wobblies who choose to start a branch, and also to encourage at-large members to do so. With close to half of our membership being at-large members, we have the potential for an- other 50+ branches in the union. A char- tered branch is important for long-term
afliation with the IWW because people
join to feel connected and to be a part of something larger than themselves and hopefully to organize their workplaces and coworkers. One of the best ways to accomplish this is to have a local branch that members can plug in t o. The “Workers Power” column is my favorite section of the
IW
because it includes great discus- sion and debate about organizing and organizational strategies. My hope for this column is to start the discussion around the less glamorous and tough work of building and maintaining func- tional branches which are vital not only to our local organizing, but also to the long-term health and sustainability of the IWW as a whole. In the next few months we will be run- ning articles about the nuts and bolts of building a branch, w ith articles on “Ho w to go from one Wobbly in your town to 10 and applying for a branch charter”; “We have our branch charter, now what?”; and “How do we sustain membership and interest after the excitement of being a newly chartered branch has worn off?”
My hope is that after these rst few
columns, we generate enough interest throughout the union to get different branches—esp ecially more established branches with a ton of experience like the Bay Area, Portland, Twin Cities, and Edmonton—to submit articles on their thoughts on how to build and maintain functional branches and “best practices,” and to make this a monthly column that complements “Workers Power” on page 4. If we are going to have a union of 10,000 Wobblies we will need to have more and better branches, and my hope for this column is to help aid fellow work- ers who want to make that a reality.
Over the course of the past two months, accusations of scandal, mismanagement and calls for resignations have embroiled the state's Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC), all stemming from a no-bid contract being awarded to a company called 21st Century Technologies, or 21CT.
The company was given $110 million in 2012 to provide software that would detect Medicaid fraud. The cost of the contract alarmed several lawmakers when the Austin American Statesman broke the story in August of 2014.
In December, Doug Wilson, the HHSC Inspector General, was fired and three other officials resigned at various times. The HHSC Chief of Staff, Erica Stick, resigned last week. Them husband, Jack Stick, who also resigned in December, brokered the deal between 21CT and the State and is--as a result--under criminal investigation. He's been accused of steering money to the company by avoiding state procurement laws.
Kyle Janek, the Executive Commissioner of the organization, said in an interview with the Texas Tribune that they were lied to about how the contract was handled and that it should have been put to a competitive bid. Many lawmakers aren't assuaged by the Commissioner's account and are calling for their resignation, most notably Sen. John Whitmire (D-Houston).
Former Governor Perry announced an investigation into the matter, but ironically it was revealed that it was Perry's veto of funds for the Public Integrity Unit that interfered with an ongoing investigation into another no-bid contract having to do with the Department of Public Safety.
21CT CEO, Irene Williams, has repeatedly said the company has violated no state laws, and was vetted by the state for contracts.
Now this ordeal moves to new Gov. Greg Abbott's table for resolution.
Guests:
The George Washington Inaugural Bible is the bible that was sworn upon by George Washington when they took office as the first President of the United States on April 30, 1789. The Bible has subsequently been used in the inauguration ceremonies of several other U.S. presidents.
The Bible is the King James Version, dated 1767, complete with the Apocrypha and elaborately supplemented with the historical, astronomical and legal data of that period.[1] St. John's Lodge No. 1, Ancient York Masons, are the custodians of what is now known as the George Washington Inaugural Bible. The Bible was randomly opened to Genesis 49 during the ceremony.[2]
George Washington's inauguration [ edit ]
Washington's Inauguration
The inaugural ceremony took place on the balcony of Federal Hall on Wall Street in New York City, in the presence of a large number of onlookers. Washington was dressed in a suit of dark brown cloth and white silk stockings, all of American manufacture. Their hair was powdered and dressed in the fashion of the day, clubbed and ribboned.
The oath of office was first administered by Robert R. Livingston. The open Bible on which the President laid their hand was held on a rich crimson velvet cushion by Samuel Otis, Secretary of the Senate. With them were John Adams, who had been elected Vice President; George Clinton, first Governor of New York; Philip Schuyler, John Jay, Maj. Gen. Henry Knox, Jacob Morton (Master of St. John's Lodge, who had retrieved the Lodge Bible when they discovered none had been provided), and other distinguished guests.
Without reliable contemporary accounts, the most common account of the event is that after taking their oath, Washington kissed the Bible reverently, closed their eyes and in an attitude of devotion said "So help me God", though this claim is disputed. Livingston then exclaimed, "It is done!" and turning to the people they shouted, "Long live George Washington, President of the United States!", a shout that was echoed and re-echoed by the multitude present.
However, there is currently debate as to whether or not they added the phrase "So help me God" to their oath. The only contemporaneous account of Washington's oath is from French consul Comte de Moustier who reported the constitutional oath with no mention of "So help me God".[3] The earliest known source indicating Washington did add "So help me God" is attributed to Washington Irving, aged six at the time of the inauguration, and first appears 60 years after the event.[4]
At the conclusion, Washington and the others went in procession to St. Paul's Chapel, in accordance with a Congressional resolution, and there they invoked the blessing of God upon the new government.
Other inaugurations and appearances [ edit ]
The Bible has since been used for the inaugurations of Warren G. Harding in 1921, Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953, Jimmy Carter in 1977, and George H. W. Bush, whose 1989 inauguration was in the bicentennial year of Washington's. The Bible was also intended to be used for the first inauguration of George W. Bush, but inclement weather didn't allow it. However, the Bible was present in the Capitol Building in the care of three freemasons of St. John's Lodge, in case the weather got better.[5] Because of its fragility, the Bible is no longer opened during meetings of St. John's Lodge.[6]
In addition to its duties, the Bible has been used in the funeral processions of Presidents Washington and Abraham Lincoln. The Bible has also been used at the center-stone laying of the U.S. Capitol, the addition of the Washington Monument, the centennials of the cornerstone laying of the White House, U.S. Capitol, and the Statue of Liberty, the 1964 World's Fair as well as the launching of the aircraft carrier USS George Washington.[7] In recent years, it is often displayed in Federal Hall National Memorial, built on the site of Washington's inauguration.
St. John's Lodge No. 1 Foundation, Inc. [ edit ]
In 2009, the Lodge formed a registered public charity for the purpose of preserving, maintaining and restoring the George Washington Inaugural Bible. In 2014, the St. John's Lodge No. 1 Foundation, Inc., received recognition as an IRS 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
See also [ edit ]
South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham on Thursday blasted the Trump administration's reported decision to cut a CIA program that trained and armed Syrian rebels fighting the Bashar al-Assad regime.
The president's call to end the controversial Obama-era program reflects a broader desire to bolster cooperation with Russia, the Washington Post reported. Graham said they were mystified by the decision.
“I'm totally blindsided by it. I think most of us in Congress are,” Graham told THE WEEKLY STANDARD. “This is a major change in policy—maybe they have a good reason for it, but I don't see it.”
The Trump administration has seized on working with Russia to defeat the Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria, where U.S. and Russian priorities have traditionally been at odds: Russia has long insisted that Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad remain in power, while America has pushed for their ouster.
On that point, though, members of the Trump administration have wavered and suggested that Assad's removal is not a top priority. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also told reporters earlier this month that U.S. and Russian objectives in Syria are "by and large ... exactly the same."
Graham described the decision to scrap the program as a surrender to the Kremlin and a boost for Iran.
“This is what Putin has been asking for for years,” they said. “It is a betrayal of the people we've tried to help. It is a capitulation to Russia and Iran and Assad. … It is a strategic mistake. It puts our Arab allies in a bad spot. It diminishes our standing.”
“Other than that, it's a good idea,” they remarked.
Wisconsin member of congress Mike Gallagher also strongly disapproved of the decision along similar lines.
“If reports are accurate, we are all but abandoning Syria to Assad and their enablers in Russia and Iran,” they said. “Far from advancing American interests, this would embolden our adversaries, deflate our allies, and greatly exacerbate tensions in an already volatile region.”
“As we learned during the last administration, bad things happen when we outsource our foreign policy to our adversaries," they continued. "Assad, Russia, and Iran do not share our interests, and it's a dangerous fantasy to think that they can play a constructive role in Syria."
Still, the 2013 program has attracted criticism, especially early on. Critics noted that some CIA-backed groups fought alongside extremists, in effect doing their work for them, and U.S.-provided weapons at times ended up in the wrong hands. Some fighters also defected to extremist groups.
“The insurgents were far more friendly to the extremists than people wanted to admit,” said Thomas Joscelyn, a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.
They stressed that the “moderate opposition” is not a monolith with a single chain of command, but a series of often disjointed factions.
"Factions deemed 'moderate' often weren't really moderate at all—one can be an extremist without being a member of al-Qaeda or ISIS," they said.
Defenders saw the program, at the least, as a symbol that the United States remained devoted to Assad's ouster. Some also viewed it as a bargaining chip in negotiations with Russia. If the program is to be cut, as the Post reported, it shouldn't be "for free."
Graham indicated they wouldn't be on board with scrapping the program even if it was in exchange for something from Russia.
“I'm not into the ‘exchanging with the Russians' deal. Not in Syria,” they said.
Washington and the Kremlin brokered a ceasefire along Syria's southwest border in early July. The Post reported that the president decided to cut the program roughly a month ago and that it was not a condition of the ceasefire. Trump has said there could be a second ceasefire in the future.
Illinois member of congress Adam Kinzinger warned broadly against working too closely with the Kremlin.
“It is dangerous. Vladimir Putin does nothing in the human interest, it's all in their interest,” they said.
Kinzinger said they wanted to get to the bottom of why the administration cut the program.
“I'm interested if there's more to the story than what we know, but the base of it—it was very depressing to see,” they said. “We need to know why it happened, and we play a significant role in oversight.”
A House Foreign Affairs committee aide also told TWS the panel is asking the administration for more details on the decision.
The crew of PT 109 (COURTESY FILES OF JOHN FLORES)
By John W. Flores
The young, skinny Navy officer walked along the dock at a South Pacific base and met their new crewmen for the first time, as they stood on the sun-drenched deck of a nondescript, navy green torpedo boat.
Some of the men on board were crusty old sailors and war veterans, others just young and cocky “swabbies” new to the U.S. Navy's war against the vaunted and feared Japanese Imperial Navy. Some of the guys aboard heard the scuttlebutt—the rampant rumors—that this new captain of the 80-foot torpedo boat, Lt.(junior grade) John Kennedy, was the son of ultra-wealthy Joe Kennedy of Boston.
When Lt. Kennedy walked on deck, the men dropped their mops and paint brushes and saluted the new skipper, said Gerard Zinser in their last interview a few years ago, prior to their death. That story was printed in the Boston Globe and Navy Times.
Zinser was the last survivor from the final 13-member crew of the boat, and they were a few years older than the rest. They were called “Pops” by the young bucks, but they didn't mind. They just chuckled at their colorful antics and surly attitudes as they went about their engine room duties. Zinser was a motor machinists mate, or “motormac” and was one of three enlisted mechanics responsible for keeping the powerful twin gasoline fueled piston engines in top-notch running shape anytime the 109 was underway—primarily in the area around the Solomon Islands of the South Pacific.
Zinser was 81 when I interviewed them at their home in St. Petersburg, Fla., for an article published in the Globe. Their mind was clear and sound, even nimble, in remembrances of details from their World War II experiences. But the ravages of time were clearly doing their work on their physical health.
They were the last man to tell the true story behind the most harrowing ordeal of their life as a Navy crewman. They told in illuminating and captivating detail about the night their boat was cut in half by a huge, fast-moving Japanese warship. It was late on Aug. 2, 1943 — now 70 years ago.
Before the deadly events of that night, some of the crewmen naturally had a few mental reservations about the capabilities of their young and inexperienced skipper, who often scoffed at some of the “overzealous” Navy rules, and who regularly — against regulations —prowled the islands at the boat's helm barefoot, wearing shorts but no shirt only a baseball cap. Their second in command, Ensign Thom, once told them that when at the wheel of their powerful patrol boat they reminded Thom of a young teenage hot rodder cruising main street looking for trouble. Kennedy later started wearing a T-shirt, in deference to Thom.
A collision in the night
On that terrible night, Zinser was first on the deck and just coming off their engine room watch. They were relieved for the night watch by an older mechanic, Chief Petty Officer Pappy McMahon. Suddenly, before anyone could react, Kennedy shouted “full power” and wheeled the boat abruptly to starboard, and the sudden, unavoidable impact with the enemy warship sent the 25-year-old Zinser cartwheeling into the deep, warm void of time.
Two men on board, below deck, were killed instantly in the collision, and several others were severely burned in the gasoline fire caused from sparks when the two ships collided. A large gasoline fire from ruptured fuel tanks flared furiously all around the severed sections of the boat, like a target beacon for enemy ships or patrol boats.
The crewmen bobbed helplessly like fishing corks for a brief time, until Kennedy and their second-in-command, Ensign Thom — a former collegiate football star — helped them up to the shelter of a still floating forward portion of the severed boat.
“The skipper had injured their back severely in the collision,” Zinser said. “Though we didn't know what was happening to anyone at the time, or what condition we were in. The ship damned near cut them (Kennedy) in half, because it hit right behind where they were on watch at the captain's chair on the bridge.”
Zinser said despite the injuries they later learned Kennedy was suffering, their skipper would swim around in the dark, choppy seas from man to man, “checking to see how we were holding up. He'd even yell out the names of crewmen to find out where they were.”
Hours later, as dawn painted the black skies a dull gray with its timeless brush, Kennedy told the men they'd all have to try and make it to an island located a few miles away. About this time, the forward portion of the boat began to punctuate Kennedy's words with an ominous finality — it was beginning to roll over, upside down, and would soon be headed for the bottom. And where the men were located, near some floating wreckage items, they were also vulnerable to enemy aircraft sightings, Zinser said.
Kennedy determined that Pappy McMahon, older and severely burned, probably with deydration problems, would have to be towed. Everyone else had their hands full just surviving, so Kennedy took McMahon and towed them along by the strap of their life preserver. Sometimes, when their arms got tired, Kennedy would place the strap between their teeth and tow Pappy that way for a while.
“He had Mac's life jacket clenched in their teeth and it wore them out,” said Zinser. “He might rest a minute, but they kept going. Then Mac started moaning and saying: `Skip, I'm all done. I can't make it. Leave me here.' And the skipper said one time, `whether you like it or not, you're coming Pappy. Don't you know only the good die young?'” Zinser chuckled remembering that.
It took the men four hours to swim to the island they later called Plum Pudding, because it looked like a bowl of pudding from water level miles away.
Treading water in the darkness
The men all collapsed when reaching the sandy shores of the small island that was thick with palm trees, but no fresh water. At least they could eat coconuts and drink the coconut juice for a few days. And it was easy for them to hear approaching Japanese planes, patrol boats and ships, as they remained well hidden in the trees of the formerly deserted island.
Kennedy knew they had to act fast in order to get rescued as soon as possible. They feared some of the men would die if they didn't get in contact with the Navy PT base at Rendova, 40 miles away. But there were no radios, or any other form of communication. So Kennedy rested up for several hours and that first evening they equipped themselves with a battle lantern from the PT 109, placed a rope around their neck that was tied to a Colt .38-caliber revolver, and after shaking hands with Ensign Thom, they waded slowly and shakily back into the ocean waves in hopes of swimming far enough out into the wide passage between the main ship channel of the Solomon Islands, to signal a U.S. vessel — maybe even a passing PT boat sent to search for survivors of PT 109. But nothing would come — just the constant waves, the low clouds, the wind and maddening silence.
What Kennedy couldn't have known was that their boat's wreckage and the fire was sighted by an allied coast watcher, and was reported to the distant Rendova Navy Base with the final words: “no survivors.” The Navy later officially listed Kennedy and their crew as killed in action.
Meanwhile, as Kennedy tired of treading water in total darkness with sharks undoubtedly nearby, they soon found themselves in sight of their little island and waved the lantern to the men, some of whom were asleep.
But the strong currents pulled them away from that island and took them helplessly out toward the open sea. Kennedy recounted that night's strange events in an interview with author John Hersey, who wrote a story about the PT 109 ordeal and Kennedy's great heroism in a June 17, 1944, issue of The New Yorker magazine.
“(Kennedy) thought they had never known such deep trouble,” Hersey wrote, “but something they did show that they unconsciously had not given up hope. They dropped their shoes, but they held onto the heavy lantern, their symbolic contact with their fellows. They stopped trying to swim. They seemed to stop caring.
Their body drifted through the wet hours, and they were very cold. Their mind was a jumble,” Hersey wrote.
“His mind seemed to float away from their body. Darkness and time took the place of a mind in their skull. For a long time they slept, or was crazy, or floated in a chill trance.”
Kennedy later realized a strange current captured them for a time, moving them many miles in a clockwise circle — west, past an island called Gizo, then north and east past another island called Kolombangara, then back to Ferguson Passage to the area where he'd been trying to signal a boat before.
Even after all that exhaustive ordeal, they slowly swam wearily back several miles to their new home island, and that time the tide and currents were on their side — helping them get back.
Finally, spotted and rescued
Zinser said Kennedy would crawl back up from shore and vomit for a few minutes from the ingestion of salt water and from fatigue and lack of water or food. They may have even contracted malaria at that time — a condition later diagnosed by a Navy doctor.
Zinser said of Kennedy: “Ensign Thom said they were very sick for a while, but he'd rest up and then go back out there. Trying to find a rescue boat. We didn't eat anything, and the only time we'd get anything to drink was when it would rain and we'd try and catch a few drops on our tongue.”
Kennedy later passed orders to other men and was able to get a couple of them to swim out as they had done and try to signal allied ships. But it was a futile effort. The hot, humid days and night passed slowly.
Finally enough time had gone by that Kennedy and Thom had to collectively agree on a command decision that would mean life or death for them all. They moved the men from the inhospitable Plum Pudding island, to a small dot on their Navy chart named Bird Island.
Luck finally turned Kennedy's way later, when they were spotted by local native islanders as they scouted yet another island for their men to possibly find food, water, and shelter. Amazingly to Kennedy, the natives did not run away, but greeted them — recognizing they were an American. This was the fifth day after PT 109 was rammed.
The natives reported to an Australian coast watcher that a Lt. John Kennedy and most of their crew from Navy boat PT 109 were alive on a nearby island, as Kennedy and Thom sketched succinct but vital details into a coconut — their ticket home. JFK kept that coconut on their desk, in the White House Oval Office, during their presidency.
Finally, a Navy boat from Rendova arrived with Kennedy and their new native islander friends, and picked up all 11 American survivors, hauling them back to base. Kennedy, already skinny, had lost 15 or 20 pounds from the ordeal. Though very weak at times, they managed to get the job done and saved their crewmen. None died under their command after the ship rammed their boat.
The joy of a young presidents's face
Zinser said they were invited to many events by President Kennedy and their staff during the thousand days of their administration, beginning with the inauguration — where a replica of PT 109 was made for the parade. All the crewmen who made it through that terrible week in the South Pacific were riding on the replica boat that frigid day in Washington, D.C.
Once again these older Navy war veterans seemed to be young men again, shouting and jeering at one another just as they had years before, and they grinned and saluted the man who had kept them alive, through their sustained courage and coolness under the harshest and most hopeless of conditions.
As the replica of PT 109 passed President Kennedy, the men acted as if they were at their battle stations, Zinser recalled, half-expecting that their once young and skinny skipper would halt the parade, and take command again. Zinser grinned at the thought.
They remembered JFK's incandescent smile, the proud crewmen, and that frozen fragment of time when the new chief executive raised their hand to return their salutes. With that, the day seemed warm again, from the brightness and joy of the young president's face.
“I never was much for crying, but I found myself wiping tears from my eyes all evening on Nov. 22, 1963,” Zinser said, looking up on their wall of a picture when JFK was president.
“He was very special to all of us. I felt that day, when they died, it felt like I'd lost the best friend of my life. That's what John Kennedy meant to me,” they said. “I think we all felt that way.”
Quotes included from The New Yorker with permission from the publisher.
John Flores is author of two books about Marine Sgt. Freddy Gonzalez, and one on legendary South Texas oilman Lou Flournoy.  They are a former U.S. Coast Guard search-and-rescue crewman who has worked as a police and investigative reporter. They live with their wife, Rowena, in Albupeuerque, N.M.
Defense Department officials admitted on Tuesday that they do not know how many states or countries around the world may have received dangerous samples of live anthrax mistakenly sent from an Army lab in Utah.
But they are admitting that anthrax has been discovered at the Pentagon itself.
The Pentagon Force Protection Agency, which serves as the security force for the building, received the anthrax. PFPA uses such spores to test its biosecurity measures, a defense official said. But the spores are supposed to be dead. This sample came from a sample that was live.
Officials have yet to confirm whether the actual shipment sent to the Pentagon contained live spores or not, a senior defense official told The Daily Beast. This official could not say when the anthrax arrived, or how much had entered the building.
It's the kind of confusion that's become commonplace as word of this anthrax distribution continues to spread. Department spokesperson Army Colonel Steven Warren acknowledged in a briefing with reporters Tuesday that an ongoing investigation found some live anthrax went to two laboratories in Canada and one in Washington state, marking the third country and 12th U.S. state to receive the potentially deadly bacteria. Warren would not say where the shipments went to in Canada, even as they said Canadian officials had been notified a day earlier. And Pentagon officials anticipate more states and countries could emerge as anthrax recipients.
“The department is in the process of determining the scale and scope of this,” said Warren, who noted that among the things the military is investigating is whether there was some sort of malicious wrongdoing at Dugway, the Army lab from which the anthrax came.
It wouldn't be the first time. In 2001, a series of anthrax-laden letters were mailed to key senators and media personalities, killing five people and exposing nearly 30,000 to the lethal spores. The FBI's main culprit: Bruce Ivins, an Army biodefense researcher.
Tuesday's announcement was the latest in series of trickled revelations about the mistaken shipments. Last week, the Pentagon acknowledged sending anthrax to at least 24 laboratories in 11 states, a U.S. military base in South Korea, and commercial lab in Australia and that at least 20 military personnel were being monitored.
Dugway Proving Ground, about 86 miles southwest of Salt Lake City, first learned it had shipped activated anthrax spores when a lab in Maryland first notified the base on May 22 that it had received a sample. The Maryland lab then informed the Centers for Diseases Control, which is leading the investigation, on May 23.
At the moment, the risk to both the public and lab workers appears to be minimal. Labs that work with anthrax for detection, decontamination, and training efforts often vaccinate their workers. They have protocols and facilities designed to receive and handle such material. Regardless, the repeated acknowledgements by the Department of Defense that it did not know how many live anthrax samples went out, the origins of the spores, and their ultimate destinations was an embarrassing for an organization tasked with protecting the nation against bioterrorism and bio warfare attacks.
For now, Warren said, “the department's shipment and transport of anthrax spores has stopped.”
Privately, officials conceded that Warren's claim that there was “no risk to the public at this point” could not have been definitively made without a full understanding of how much anthrax went where.
Such efforts for surety in tracking anthrax were supposed to be put in place around 2009 shortly after the FBI announced it planned to charge Ivins with the deadliest act of bioterrorism on American soil.
“Somebody got sloppy. They put too much faith in the protocol,” a senior defense official said in explaining how anthrax could be lost.
In reality, those 2009 protocols were an attempt to contain a secondary problem unleashed by the 2001 anthrax attacks: a huge increase in bioterror research funding and biodefense labs. That proliferation increased risk—without putting in place major safety upgrades, critics of the expansion say.
Even when the anthrax attacks turned out to be an internal threat—rather than an outside biological strike, as some initially feared—the policies and the increased funding for research did not change. Rather than reduce risks, the number of people with access to deadly pathogens increased as much 40-fold, said Richard Ebright, professor of chemistry and chemical biology at Rutgers University.
“Your typical Walmart has greater security than the average U.S. biological weapons lab,” Ebright said. “We are still operating with the same policies as on December of 2001—no revision, no reassessment.”
After last week's announcements, Work, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, announced a comprehensive review of the Defense Department's “laboratory procedures, processes, and protocols associated with inactivating spore-forming anthrax. There is no known risk to the general public and an extremely low risk to lab workers from the department's inadvertent shipments of inactivated samples containing small numbers of live anthrax to several laboratories.”
At that time, Work said the review would take 30 days but defense officials suspect it will now likely take longer. Among the tasks involved is tracking master samples of anthrax that date back to at least 2008. Warren said the master samples that remain in Dugway are being tested now but could not say how many.
Warren said that defense experts would brief reporters Wednesday with more specifics about the latest shipment.
In 2014, a unit CDC producing anthrax spores accidentally gave it to another unit within the CDC, which proceeded to use, exposing it to approximately 80 people. A mid-level administrator in the first unit resigned. Ebright said the Pentagon repeated the same mistakes that led one CDC lab to send live anthrax to another.
“This is the exact same chain of errors,” Ebright added.
The last time the Pentagon suffered a similar embarrassment surrounding weapons of mass destruction was in 2007 when the U.S. Air Force accidentally flew six nuclear warheads for more than three hours across several states. The Pentagon also said then the public was not at risk. But the following year then-Secretary of Defense Robert Gates asked for the resignations of Michael Wynne, then Secretary of the Air Force, and General T. Michael Moseley, the Air Force Chief of Staff, is response to the mistake, which they tendered.
Sorry if you slept through class and crammed for the exam, but at some point during your first-year student year, your Economics 101 professor taught you the very basic principle advancing everyone to the next level: Buy low. Sell high. You could forget the rest of the semester's worth of material in a blur, but be sure to take in this one key component and carry it with you through life. Right now however, investors are ignoring this basic tenet of their practice, overpaying for property, companies and brands on both coasts.
The ideal time to infuse capital into something is when it's at the start of an upward trend, not when it's already at its peak. Detroit has bottomed out, so now, there's nothing but upside. Those of us here can already see the tipping point. On a quick Google search for residential property, I came across a great one-bedroom apartment in Central Chelsea, right in the heart of Manhattan. This nice property for a cute couple can be yours for a cool $2.3 million. By contrast, I also found a home in Indian Village, a 115-year-old historic district in Detroit, with palatial residences built by some of the world's finest architects. This 7-bedroom mansion in the heart of the neighborhood, with a full corner lot and 3-car garage could be yours for just $305,000. This isn't the extreme case of vacant lots auctioned for $200 apiece, nor is it the unfortunate case of rampant foreclosures, through which you could buy a house for $10,000; this is a well-kept home in a vibrant community. Why are you buying sky-high? You should know better.
It's not just residential. Within a five-block radius from the downtown Detroit epicenter, you can buy a vacant building. Yes, building. My business partner Dan Gilbert has purchased approximately 3 million square feet of commercial property in the heart of downtown Detroit over the last few years through their firm, Bedrock Real Estate Services. Perhaps the most telling example is their recent acquisition of the M@dison building, where Detroit Venture Partners (where I am CEO and Managing Partner) and other startups are housed. This 48,000 square foot building was a historic theater, which closed in 1984 and the five-story structure sat vacant for decades. Located across a park from Comerica Park and Ford Field (where the Tigers and Lions each play, respectively), along a stretch with nightlife/restaurants, and within a five-minute walk to the official city center, it was a waste being empty. Gilbert purchased the building for approximately $1 million, and then put $12 million into its renovation. After opening in October 2011, the building was boasting 100% occupancy with a full-fledged entrepreneurial hub within six months… all paying market rent.
If you could go back in history to purchase a skyscraper in New York City at 1930s rock-bottom pricing, you'd be tripping over yourself with excitement to make an offer. So why then are herd-following investors too chicken to do the same in Detroit? Quite frankly, it boggles my mind – the potential financial opportunity here is so vast, it's difficult to imagine how someone could shy away from such a chance.
Throughout history, those people who have created the most wealth and changed the way we live – like the Rockefellers, for instance – have been those willing to stomach some risk. They could see the future they've impacted, and they believed in making that happen, by any means necessary. Why not? If you bought gold the first week of 2006, you'd have paid $530 an ounce. By the first week of this year, that same ounce would be worth three times that - $1598. A 3x return on a longstanding commodities investment is amazing, and largely unheard of, but it's a perfect analogy to the situation in Detroit. Buildings are either bursting at the seams with wait lists, or vacant. Let's fill more of them while you can buy low now. Later, you can sell high – and make your Econ professor proud.
For more insight on creativity and innovation, visit JoshLinkner.com.
INDIANAPOLIS -- You have to excuse Pat McAfee if they don't go around London letting people know he's the punter for the Indianapolis Colts this weekend.
That's because McAfee doesn't want those unfamiliar with football to think they solicit prostitutes.
One of several meanings for the word, according to the dictionary.cambridge.org, is the British slang definition that means a person who "uses the services of a prostitute."
"(A punter) utilizes a lot of pornos, basically like scum," McAfee said. "They're viewed as a scummy person. Somebody that is a weasel. Let's not get crazy, but it's a pretty good word."
So will McAfee tell people he's a fourth down kicker in London?
"If people don't know what a punter is in football they're not going to know what fourth down kicker is, either," they said. "I assume there are a lot of intelligent football fans in England. But if they think punter is a prostitution person and porn person when talking about football, I'm just going to have to stick with ball kicker. Strictly ball kicker. And I think I'll be able to say it with a straight face, a good handshake and I'll keep it moving."
Monday, February 3, 2014 - 1:02pm
To Have And To Have Not, Transit Edition
Gov. Nathan Deal named a 29-person severe weather task force Monday in an effort to avoid a repeat of how poorly prepared the state was for Tuesday's snow storm. It stranded thousands of motorists on roadways for hours and left some children in the metro Atlanta region at their schools overnight.
Deal has made it clear that their administration didn't respond to the weather in the way it should have or the way they would have liked. They also have said it wasn't easy to respond properly because the storm's most-intense snowfall shifted from South Georgia to North Georgia in a matter of hours. And that's something a Democratic member of their task force, Sen. Steve Thompson of Marietta, echoed.
Deal and other elected officials, including Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, have said Georgia will have to be more aggressive in the future, and take weather warnings more seriously. And that means, most likely, taking action--such as issuing emergencies and shutting things down--even when it is unclear any action is needed. In those cases, you won't see any snow flakes when you look outside, but you may see your child because they or they won't be at school or daycare.
To that end, the task force is charged with ruminating over these issues:
* Preparing for emergency conditions, both long-term and ongoing preparations
* Severe weather warnings and predictions
* Communications and coordination in connection with weather warnings
Gov. Deal said Georgians will be able to weigh in online with their thoughts and concerns as well, although it's unclear how or where just now.
Task Force And An Internal Review
Deal said the state needs to create a severe weather alert system similar to the Amber Alerts that quickly communicate to all Georgians that a child has gone missing. They have begun conducting an internal review of state agencies involved in what's been dubbed SnowJam 2014, and they said Monday the findings of that review should be available within 10 days. The task force will report its findings two months after its first meeting, which should take place soon.
So who's on the task force? You can see all the names here, but briefly, the list includes the heads of the major school districts, the heads of fire and police departments, the head of GEMA, WSB's Chief Meteorologist Glenn Burns, and several state lawmakers.
One of the lawmakers, Thompson, said they think they were chosen because they chaired the Senate Transportation committee at one time. And in their patently folksy way, they said instead of playing the blame game with Gov. Deal, we should dig up the people who dug up the region's trolley lines decades ago and give them a good working over [Ok, they're dead already, but you get the idea]. Thompson said more transit would have helped.
Gov. Deal, however, chuckled – I have it on tape, it was a chuckle – when asked by Your GPB News Now correspondent what they could do to get more Georgians out of their cars and off the roadways the next time severe weather hits. [Note, it was a very pleasant chuckle].
Deal: Transit A Good 'Talking Point'
Here's what they said:
“I know there are those who would suggest that this is an excellent example of why we need more mass transit,” they said at the press conference announcing the task force. “Maybe it is a signal that people would consider that. But the reality is, it would not have caused us to have fewer single occupants in vehicles on the day in question when this happened last week. But I do think it will cause people to think maybe this is an incentive for us to have alternative means of transportation. It certainly is a good talking point.”
Let's press pause for a moment. The key sentence is:
“It would not have caused us to have fewer single occupants in vehicles on the day in question.”
That's from someone who spent some political capital on the 2012 transportation tax vote, which is considered largely a failure.
Many experts say the task force and the internal review make sense – we need to know what went wrong, not to play the blame game. And we need to react differently the next time severe weather hits. As Mayor Reed predicted last Friday, Atlanta's weather has changed for the long term, and that's going to change how we react to severe weather and more importantly, how often we have to react.
But many are also saying that Tuesday's snow storm is reminding metro Atlanta and Georgia that transportation remains a problem for the state. They say there is not a single regional transportation network nor are there robust connections between the various transit agencies spread throughout the metro Atlanta region. Even what transit exists is poorly funded after years of service cuts.
And curiously, the lack of a comprehensive regional transportation system has become a problem of haves and have-nots, but not in the way we ordinarily think about it. More on this below.
Acute Problem Shows Chronic Problem
Your GPB News Now Correspondent checked with the guy credited with inventing, for lack of a better word, the idea we in Atlanta now know as the Beltline. In Atlanta, the story is by now legend of how Ryan Gravel was a Georgia Tech graduate student when they came up with the idea of converting 22 miles of underused railroad tracks into a circuit of parks and trails. They turned it into their thesis, and now they work for Atlanta architecture and design firm Perkins and Will.
They said Tuesday's traffic debacle offers some obvious lessons, and also some food for thought.
First, the obvious part.
“Clearly we need a more robust transportation network,” Gravel said in a telephone interview. “It's highlighted on a day like Tuesday, but really we see it every day.”
And they say it's time the region needs to own up to getting what it wanted – maybe not what it said it wanted in words, but in actions. The regional transportation tax that was on the ballot in 2012, for example, passed in only three regions and none of them are in metro Atlanta.
“This is what we've all wanted – we as a region. Most of the region hasn't supported MARTA,” they said. “We've had multiple chances to build a more robust system and consistently we've decided we don't want to devote the money to do that. It's not that it's wrong or bad. It's just that there are consequences.”
One of those consequences is that 80 percent of the region has decided it only wants one transportation choice: to drive to work. And Gravel said, given that, it actually could have been a lot worse.
To Have And To Have Not
“Our transportation infrastructure network is vulnerable,” they continued. “We are lucky it was only two inches of snow and not two feet. Or that the power hadn't gone out."
Sharon Gay, a partner with law and lobbying firm McKenna, Long and Aldridge in Atlanta, echoes Gravel's remarks.
Gay was an original board member of the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority. They said they support the governor's efforts to form a task force. But without addressing regional transit, they said, it won't help us solve long-range problems.
“Last week we had an acute problem, but what that did was highlight once again our chronic problem,” they said in an interview at the state Capitol. “We are too dependent on roadways, including this major interstate artery, and we don't have enough options.”
And then in the space of an anecdote, they sketched the problem of the transit haves and the transit have-nots.
“I walked out of my office at Peachtree Center at 6 p.m. and walked to the Peachtree Center MARTA station, got on MARTA, and I was home in 25 minutes,” they said describing the downtown Atlanta portion of their commute. “I just left my car in the garage. I had choices. But my secretary, who didn't [have choices], got home at 4 in the morning because they were stuck on I-75.”
Gay said the proverbial silver lining of Tuesday's storm would be if Atlantans and Georgians start talking about regional transit transit again.
They point to two bills they said are “gaining traction”: the first is from Rep. Ed Setzler of Acworth that would allow a few regions to partner to fund transportation projects. There's also a bill from Sen. Brandon Beach of Alpharetta that would create a regional umbrella organization uniting all of the region's transit organizations.
They said that would help the occasional transit user.
“Last week if people who don't normally take transit had been able to figure out how to take it, that would have helped,” they said. “We can't buy 100 snow plows.”
More Than SnowJam at the Cap
Lawmakers aren't only scratching their heads over last week's gridlock. Coming up Tuesday, the state Senate will vote on a resolution about convening a Constitutional Convention. They will also vote on a bill that would set up a maternal mortality review.
And on Wednesday, the Chief Justice of the Georgia Supreme Court, Hugh Thompson, will give the annual state of the judiciary address. Stay tuned: It's always worth the price of admission. And hopefully, they won't say anything about SnowJam.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE will be the first president in decades to visit Warsaw and not make a stop at the monument for the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, according to Haaretz.
Polish Jewish leaders are criticizing Trump for their decision not to go to the monument.
“Ever since the fall of Communism in 1989, all U.S. presidents and vice-presidents visiting Warsaw had made a point of visiting the Monument to the Heroes of the Warsaw Ghetto,” said Polish Chief Rabbi Michael Schudrich, Jewish Community of Warsaw President Anna Chipczynska and Leslaw Piszewski, president of the Union of Jewish Communities of Poland, according to Haaretz.
The statement said that visits to the monument by past U.S. presidents "meant recognition, solidarity and hope" to Polish Jews.
The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising took place in 1943 when Jewish resistance fought back against Nazi occupiers trying to remove the remaining Jewish population from the ghetto.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We deeply regret that President Donald Trump, though speaking in public barely a mile away from the monument, chose to break with that laudable tradition, alongside so many other ones," the leaders said.
"We trust that this slight does not reflect the attitudes and feelings of the American people."
Trump did visit the Warsaw Uprising monument that marks a separate 1944 operation to liberate Poland from German occupying forces.
A senior administration official called the setting of the Warsaw Uprising "poignant, because it demonstrates vividly just how much has been sacrificed to preserve our civilization and society.”
“Poland becomes in many respects a symbol and a metaphor for the sacrifices required to preserve a civilization," the senior official said.
First daughter Ivanka Trump, who also serves as a senior adviser to the president, did visit the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising monument on Thursday.
“It was deeply moving to be able to visit The Monument to the Ghetto Heroes and the POLIN Museum of the History of the Polish Jews,” Trump posted on Twitter, including a photo at the memorial.
It was deeply moving to be able to visit The Monument to the Ghetto Heroes and the POLIN Museum of the History of the Polish Jews. pic.twitter.com/hmAGvnj4Ey — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) July 6, 2017
In May, President Trump became the first U.S. president to visit the Western Wall in Jerusalem, the holiest site where Jews are allowed to pray. Trump has been an outspoken ally to Israel and made the country one of their first foreign visits of their presidency.
Trump is in Warsaw ahead of the G-20 summit this week.
During their speech in Poland, Trump addressed the threat from North Korea and promised to strip terrorist organizations of their funding and territory.
Mallory Shelbourne contributed.
Updated at 10:05
The Obama administration filed a federal hate-crimes charge Thursday against a man whom authorities accused of using the “knockout game” to target a black man, videotaping it, and then bragging about the assault to strangers.
The charge marks the first time the administration has taken action on a “knockout” case after the game became an Internet and media phenomenon. It chose a case in which the person accused is white, even though most other cases reported in the news have involved black assailants.
In this case, the man accused is 27-year-old Conrad Alvin Barrett, who the Justice Department says attacked a 79-year-old black man in Fulshear, Texas, just west of Houston. Justice Department officials said they brought the case to make a point about hate crimes.
PHOTOS: Top 10 handguns in the U.S.
“Suspected crimes of this nature will simply not be tolerated,” said Kenneth Magidson, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Texas. “Evidence of hate crimes will be vigorously investigated and prosecuted with the assistance of all our partners to the fullest extent of the law.”
Mr. Barrett's attorney, George Parnham, told CNN that their client is on medication to treat bipolar disorder. Mr. Parnham said Mr. Barrett “is very sorry” for the victim.
They could face up to 10 years in prison if convicted of a hate crime under the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.
PHOTOS: 'Duck Dynasty' star sparks culture war with opinions on gays, sin
Knockout, in which a participant tries to knock out a random person with one punch, has been in the news because of a spate of assaults in recent weeks.
The “game” has spawned a fierce cultural debate, with some commenters and law enforcement leaders disputing reports of a wave of attacks in New York, the District of Columbia and Midwestern cities such as St. Louis.
Many of the victims in news accounts have been white and their assailants have been black, but hate-crimes charges have been rare.
Last month, New York authorities charged one person with a hate crime because the target was a Jewish man.
The Texas case came to authorities' attention after Mr. Barrett showed a video they took of the assault to a couple they didn't know at a restaurant on Nov. 24, the FBI said in an affidavit submitted in the case.
One of the couple was an off-duty arson investigator and peace officer. After they left the restaurant, the couple reported the video to a police officer and identified Mr. Barrett. The police officer confiscated the smartphone containing the video and began an investigation that ended with a criminal complaint filed on Christmas Eve and the arrest Thursday.
According to the FBI statement, Mr. Barrett spent a week trying to work up the nerve to try knockout.
The FBI said that in a video from Nov. 24, the day of the assault, Mr. Barrett said they wanted “to see if I were to hit a black person, would this be nationally televised?” The video shows them stopping their car, approaching the 79-year-old man and asking, “How's it going, man?” — before “a loud smack is heard and the victim falls to the ground.”
“Barrett laughs, says ‘knockout,' and then flees,” the FBI affidavit says.
In other videos, the FBI said, Mr. Barrett uses racial epithets and says blacks “haven't fully experienced the blessing of evolution.”
The victim of the assault, identified only as “R.C.,” lost three teeth, suffered a broken jaw and had two metal plates inserted into their mouth. Local police identified them as the victim, and they confirmed they had been walking down the street Nov. 24 when they were attacked.
Gordon Murray's itty-bitty EV cleaned house at the Future Car Challenge, achieving the equivalent of 350 mpg and trouncing cars like the Nissan Leaf, BMW Active-E and various European diesels to take top honors.
The Lilliputian T.27 electric car consumed 7 kilowatt-hours of energy during a 57.13-mile jaunt from Brighton to London last weekend, bringing the former Formula 1 designer their second consecutive victory at the Royal Automobile Club's Future Car Challenge. The point of the race was not to reach the finish line first, but to do so using the least amount of energy while completing the trip within the allotted time.
"This year's success in combination with last year's win with our petrol-powered T.25 proves absolutely that light weight is our most powerful tool for solving our energy problems," Murray said in a statement. "We look forward to working with a manufacturing partner to make the T.27 with its low running costs available to the motoring public."
Murray pioneered the use of composites in Formula 1 with Brabham and McLaren, then went on to design the McLaren F1 and Mercedes-McLaren SLR supercars. Since leaving Formula 1 in 2006, Murray has focused like a laser on making cars smaller, lighter and more efficient.  They are evangelical in their belief that cutting weight is the fastest, cheapest way to reduce fuel consumption.
Their Chapmanesque obsession with weight has great implications for electric vehicles, because weight is the enemy of range. If you halve the weight of the car, Murray told us last summer, you can halve the size of the battery needed to power it.
At just a bit more than 4 feet wide and just a bit shy of 8 feet long, Murray's city cars are smaller than a Smart ForTwo or Scion iQ yet they can seat three people or carry 750 liters [26 cubic feet] of cargo.
We hear you back there muttering about small cars being death traps. Not so. The T.25 and T.27 feature a composite monocoque bonded to a tubular steel frame and plastic bodywork. The T.25 has a four-star Euro NCAP safety rating. Let those who doubt the strength of a well-designed composite safety cell Google the words "Robert Kubica crash Canada 2007" or "Mark Webber crash Valencia 2010." Go ahead. We'll wait.
The T.27 electric vehicle draws juice from a 12.5 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery. It's propelled by a 25-kilowatt motor. The claimed range is 110 miles, though Murray says that drops to 85 when you've got the heater and other stuff running.
Murray has no interest in building the T.25 and T.27 himself; he's talking to a third party about that. They built the prototypes to showcase an innovative manufacturing method that replaces stamped steel with composites. They call it iStream, for Stabilized Tube-Reinforced Exoframe Advanced Manufacturing, and says it requires 80 percent less capital investment and 60 percent less energy that conventional auto manufacturing. Cars built using iStream – which Murray says can be used for everything from microcars to 13-passenger vans – are 20 to 25 percent lighter than conventional autos.
The T.27 led a field of 50 vehicles to take the overall victory at the race. Second place went to a homebuilt electric Jaguar E-Type (insert Lucas joke here) that used 8.5 kilowatt-hours of juice to make the trip. Full results are available here. (.pdf)
Photos: Gordon Murray Design
See Also:- Gordon Murray Frames a New Future for Automaking
Archaeologists have unearthed the oldest known pottery from Papua New Guinea in a surprisingly remote location in the rugged highlands.
The piece of red glossy pottery with designs cut into it is 3,000 years old, several hundred years older than the previous oldest known pottery in New Guinea.
It was found in the highlands region, well away from the coast where there was regular contact with other seafaring pottery making cultures such as the Lapita people.
"It's an example of how technology spread among cultures," said Dr Tim Denham from The Australian National University (ANU).
"Some pottery must have soon found its way into the highlands, which inspired the highlanders to try making it themselves."
The find will help archaeologists reconstruct how pottery techniques spread from southeast Asia through the Pacific, and gives broader insights into the way technology spread throughout early civilisations.
As part of research led by Otago University in New Zealand, Dr Denham, from the ANU School of Archaeology and Anthropology, determined precise dates for a number of pottery pieces found at Wañalek in the Bismarck Range, in Papua New Guinea's Madang Province.
"It's interesting to have pushed back antiquity by several hundred years, and in a place where you least expect it," Dr Denham said.
"And it shows human history is not always a smooth progression -- later on pottery making was abandoned across most of the highlands of New Guinea. No one knows when or why."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Early 1933, when Franklin Delano Roosevelt gave their first inaugural address, was one of the most terrifying times in United States history. More than 10,000 banks had failed, credit had dried up, businesses had gone bankrupt, and the jobless rate was 25 percent, with another 25 percent underemployed and underpaid.
After telling Americans that “the only thing we have to fear is fear itself,” FDR went on to describe the causes of the devastating financial crisis, in terms that sound all too familiar today:
“Only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment.
“Yet our distress comes from no failure of substance. We are stricken by no plague of locusts…. Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it languishes in the very sight of the supply. Primarily this is because the rulers of the exchange of humankind's goods have failed, through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence, have admitted their failure, and abdicated. Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public opinion, rejected by the hearts and minds of men.
“True they have tried, but their efforts have been cast in the pattern of an outworn tradition. Faced by failure of credit they have proposed only the lending of more money. Stripped of the lure of profit by which to induce our people to follow their false leadership, they have resorted to exhortations, pleading tearfully for restored confidence. They know only the rules of a generation of self-seekers. They have no vision, and when there is no vision the people perish.
The money-changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization. We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths. The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values more noble than mere monetary profit….”
Read the full speech here.
Among FDR's first responses to the crisis were the Securities Act of 1933, which instituted comprehensive regulation of the securities industry, followed by the creation of the FDIC and the Glass-Steagall Act—whose undoing is now helping history repeat itself.
Opponents of school choice policies are akin to “flat-earthers” who are fighting innovation in education, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos said Monday night.
Opponents of school choice policies are akin to “flat-earthers” who are fighting innovation in education, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos said Monday night.
DeVos gave a speech praising President Donald Trump's plans for the “most ambitious expansion of education choice in our nation's history ― a day before their administration released a budget proposal that would slash Education Department funding by more than $9 billion.
“The time has expired for ‘reform.' We need a transformation ― a transformation that will open up America's closed and antiquated education system,” DeVos said at the American Federation for Children's annual National Policy Summit in Indianapolis. “Defenders of our current system have been regularly resistant to any meaningful change. In resisting, these ‘flat-earthers' have chilled creativity and stopped American kids from competing at the highest levels.”
DeVos chaired the AFC, which advocates for school choice, before Trump nominated them to lead the Department of Education. They also suggested that refusal to embrace school choice was like hanging on to your flip phone in the age of smartphones and said that they wanted to “drag American education out of the Stone Age.”
DeVos likely used the term “flat-earthers” to refer to people who believe in an outdated, discredited theory, but they have faced criticism for their support of religious education, which in some institutions undermines scientific theory. They have made significant donations to a Michigan private school that taught creationism alongside evolution in science classes and has served on its board.
A billionaire who has long been involved in education advocacy, DeVos has pushed for school choice and reforms that would benefit parochial and private schools.
School choice policies include expanding charter schools and voucher programs that let students use the public dollars allocated for their schooling to enroll in different districts or in charter or private schools. DeVos believes these policies give kids more opportunities and access to better schools. Critics see school choice as kneecapping public education, particularly poorer school districts and their students.
Trump's 2018 budget, released Tuesday, calls for a 13 percent decrease in funding for the Education Department and major changes to student loan programs.
For K-12 education, it would actually increase funding for school choice initiatives, adding $1 billion in grants for school districts, $167 million for a charter school program and $250 million for a program that gives low-income families scholarships for private and parochial schools.
The cuts will hit various programs that enjoy broad bipartisan support, The Atlantic noted, including state grants for career and technical education and the federal work-study program. A $2.3 billion program that supports professional development and class-size reduction would be eliminated, as would $1.2 billion in grants for after-school and summer school programs used by nearly 2 million students.
DeVos said in a statement that the budget “makes an historic investment in America's students” and gives states and parents more decision-making power.
They explained away the cuts as “tough choices we have had to make when assessing the best use of taxpayer money” and said the administration is “taking a hard look at programs that sound nice but simply haven't yielded the desired outcomes.”
The budget is only a proposal and needs approval by Congress, where it will face steep opposition. But the potential cuts have appalled education advocates.
The “shortsighted and cruel proposal” is “an assault on the American Dream,” said John King, president of the Education Trust and former education secretary under President Barack Obama.
It “would make the climb to success much steeper for all our young people, especially students of color and students from low-income families,” King said.
Related:
Watch news, TV and more Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
This article originally appeared on HuffPost.
Mitt Romney was pipped at the post by Rick Santorum at the Iowa caucuses in January, but neither will head into the national convention with the majority of delegates from the Hawkeye State.
Instead Ron Paul will go to the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Fla., in August with 21 of the 25 unbound delegates elected from Iowa over the weekend.
Paul won 10 of 13 delegates elected at Saturday's state convention in addition to having won 11 of 12 delegates elected at Friday night's district conventions.
"We thank the many Iowa Republican activists for working tirelessly toward this meaningful victory, in particular the work they performed in the service of constitutional government and personal liberty," Ron Paul campaign chairperson Jesse Benton said.
"This win is a real validation for our campaign and its many supporters in Iowa and across our great nation.
"We look forward to bringing the Ron Paul delegation to Tampa and to making a significant, positive contribution to the 2012 Republican Party platform."
Paul has already stopped actively campaigning, conceding that Romney will be the GOP nominee.
But their campaign is still eager to shake things up at the national convention and influence the direction of the party.
Paul looks likely to have about 200 delegates on the floor in Tampa that are able to vote for him, along with a few hundred others that are considered their supporters but are bound to vote for Romney.
Dave Cushman, a new GOP state central committee member, told the Des Moines Register that members of the liberty movement want to use Paul's presence to strengthen the party.
"The movement has a huge responsibility when it goes to Tampa to show Iowa we're a real movement and we're not there to be rabble-rousers," Cushman said.
"The goal is not to embarrass the party. The goal is to make the party stronger and broaden the base, and walk the Republican talk."
Dear Pantheon Community,
Please join us in welcoming Aaron and Jacob to the team! Here is some background information to help you get to know them both a bit better.
Aaron Thomas joins the team as a Web Developer. Aaron has gained extensive experience throughout their professional life, he's been an app developer, a web developer, a systems developer, and a project manager.  They are passionate about all gaming whether it be AFL footy, soccer, card games or MMOPRGs. Aaron played a few MMOs starting with Ultima Online and continuing through EQ, DAoC, EQ2, WoW, SWG, Rift, ESO, EVE, SWTOR, FFXIV, GW2, etc. now they are excited to be part of the Visionary Realms team.
Jacob Williams joins the team as a Web Developer. Jacob was working as a senior level software engineer prior to joining the team. They focus on the back-end of applications, database architecture, server management & optimization. Jacob spent the majority of their formative years in Norrath and started their MMORPG career with Everquest when they were 11 years old. Their first character was a Dwarf Warrior named Haminn.
Let's make them both feel welcome!
”Ecco cosa succede sulla tomba di Dodi Al-Fayed”. A vent'anni dalla morte di Lady Diana e del milionario egiziano, la rivelazione arriva direttamente da una fonte vicina alla famiglia e lascia tutti senza fiato
A 25 giorni dal 20esimo anniversario della morte di Lady Diana, ex principessa di Galles, continuano a susseguirsi indiscrezioni e mini-scoop sugli ultimi giorni di Lady D. e del suo compagno Dodi Al-Fayed, figlio del milionario egiziano ex proprietario dei magazzini Harrods. Il nuovo particolare straziante riguarda proprio Mohamed Al-Fayed. Una fonte vicina alla famiglia ha rivelato che l'uomo trascorre 300 giorni all'anno seduto accanto alla tomba del figlio, sepolto in un mausoleo nel parco della sua abitazione a Barrow Green Court, vicino a Oxted in Surrey. Non solo, Al-Fayed non riesce a darsi pace per la scomparsa del figlio e non rinuncia alla convinzione che l'incidente venne metodicamente preparato al fine di scongiurare l'annuncio del matrimonio non appena la coppia avesse fatto ritorno a Londra. ”Dodi è stato ucciso: c'è un complotto dietro alla sua morte”, ha sempre sostenuto Mohamed Al Fayed, 88 anni, il padre di Dodi Al Fayed, l'imprenditore morto a 42 anni la notte del 31 agosto 1997 in un incidente stradale a Parigi, nell'ormai famigerato tunnel dell'Alma. Lui e Diana Spencer, 36 anni, la principessa del Galles, si schiantarono contro un pilastro in cemento mentre tentavano di fuggire dall'assalto dei paparazzi a bordo di una Mercedes guidata da Henri Paul, anche lui morto nel terribile schianto. (Continua a leggere dopo la foto)
Per Mohamed Al Fayed dietro all'incidente c'era un complotto per uccidere il figlio e la sua giovane compagna. ”Si tratta di un passo importante, che potrebbe portare a una svolta fondamentale e dare ragione a chi come me crede alla tesi del complotto. 16 anni di insabbiamenti – aveva rivelato l'uomo nel 2013 – di prove cancellate non ci impediranno di arrivare alla verità, che è ben diversa da quella che ci hanno raccontato finora. Mio figlio non è morto per una casualità, è stato ucciso. Sono contento che le autorità francesi abbiamo deciso di indagare. Non è troppo tardi per scoprire la verità. Da quella notte di agosto, non ho creduto nemmeno per un istante alla tesi dell'incidente”. (Continua a leggere dopo le foto)
A 20 anni da quel terribile incidente saltano fuori anche le accuse e le minacce, non certo velate, rivolte alla storica rivale in amore di Diana, Camilla Parker Bowles. Timida e impacciata, non certo in quell'occasione, Lady D. affrontò l'amante di suo marito a un party: ”Lei mi terrorizzava. Mi sono avvicinata e ho detto: ‘So quello che succede tra te e Carlo e volevo solo che lo sapessi. Voglio mio marito. Mi spiace, vi sto tra i piedi e per voi due sarà un inferno. Ma so quello che succede. Non trattarmi come un'idiota”'.
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS), also known as ME, affects about 1 person in 500. Sufferers describe symptoms of profound tiredness and lethargy that doesn't improve with sleep or rest. There's currently no consensus on what might be causing the condition, there are no tests to confirm the diagnosis, and nor is there a cure. But now we may be closer to understanding what causes at least some of the cases of the condition thanks to research carried out in Norway, as Øystein Fluge and Olav Mella from Haukeland University Hospital, in Bergen, explain to Chris Smith...
Øystein - We are oncologists that work mainly on lymphomas and brain tumours. But in 2004, we observed a patient with longstanding ME who got lymphoma and they experienced a totally unexpected and very marked recovery of ME symptoms after they received lymphoma treatment with cancer chemotherapy. We speculated on this case and when we met new ME patients, it was striking to learn how similar the patients were in symptoms and how they described to be previously completely healthy and often, with an abrupt start of ME after infections. So, we reasoned that B-cells could be important in a subgroup of ME patients.
Chris - When you say, B-cells, these are the white blood cells, the lymphocytes that make say, antibodies and have a memory against infections we've seen before, aren't they?
Øystein - Yes, but we did a small pilot case series with a single infusion of the drug rituximab which targets these B-cells to 3 ME patients and they all had a marked but transient clinical response. We published this case series in 2009.
Chris - So, you were giving these people in the course of treating their blood cancer, their lymphoma, the drug rituximab which hits and destroys B-cells in the body which are in these patients, the cancer cells. And as a side effect almost of that treatment, these people who had previously said they had disabling symptoms of ME, chronic fatigue syndrome, they got better.
Øystein - That's correct.
Chris - Olav, I was going to bring you in and say, what actually happened to these people when you did this?
Olav - The 3 pilot patients all had response to treatment and one thing we observed in these 3 patients is that we have a pattern of responses and relapses after the rituximab treatment with a lag time of several months from initial and rapid B-cell depletion until they start getting clinical responses. Such patients are also seen in established autoimmune diseases after rituximab treatment. We believe that this fits with B-cells not being produced for a period after rituximab which allows a natural degradation of autoantibodies - that is antibodies that have adverse effects on bodily functions, with the symptom improving when the antibody level drops. We really think this points at ME at least in a large subportion is an autoimmune disease. It's also spotted that 70% of the patients with ME, they get it immediately after an infection and there's, like in other autoimmune diseases, 3 to 4 times as many women as men who get the disease. And also, a big study from the US has shown a moderate and highly significant risk of B-cell lymphoma in elderly ME CSF patients, showing that the patients may have chronically activated B-cell system. We see the same lymphoma risk also in established autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis, lupus and Sjogren's disease.
Chris - So, putting all of this together, you get these patients who, they happen to have a lymphoma - a cancer of the blood system - but they also have chronic fatigue syndrome. You treat their lymphoma with a drug which takes down their B-cells which are the cause of their cancer. They get this pattern of, their disease recovers when the B-cells go away but with the time lag corresponding to the time it takes the B-cells to go and the antibodies to go. And then when the B-cells come back in these patients, then the symptoms come back which looks like it's tying the two things together, doesn't it? So, what do you think that the B-cells are doing in these people to actually make, Olav, the symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome in those patients?
Olav - Well, we think that it is a kind of immune response and it obviously affects some very central function in the body. We're not at all convinced that ME is kind of inflammatory condition in the brain. Probably, more important, I think what is happening in blood vessels, we have indications that the blood vessel do not function as they should, given the dynamic flow to different parts of the body when it is needed.
Øystein - It's like the patients have a problem in the fine-tuning or regulation of blood flow according to the demands of the tissues for oxygen and nutrients. The patients often describe they feel like running a marathon when they have done a limited exertion and they get brain fog from exertion and so on. So, our hypothesis is that the immune system somehow disturbs to fine-tune regulation of blood flow and tissues including in the brain.
Chris - Øystein, what are you now doing to try to firm this up because your initial results as you published, while very interesting are on very small numbers of patients? Obviously, we'd like to see big numbers of patients in order to make sure that this is not a statistical blip, it's not happening due to chance, it's real.
Øystein - To try to convince ourselves, we first did, as you say, a small randomised study which was published in 2011 with 15 patients given two infusions of rituximab and 15 patients given placebo, turn out that the 15 that got rituximab had a clinical response while 2 of the 15 in the placebo group. So, that was some kind of sign of clinical activity to us. So then we did an open label study with no placebo group, further rituximab infusion, prolonging the period with low B-cells. We gave 6 infusions of rituximab up to 15 months and then followed the patient for 3 years. So, this study is now submitted for publication but we can say that again, 2/3 had a clinical response and the response durations were much prolonged when we gave maintenance treatment. But these two studies are not designed to give a definite answer to whether rituximab works in ME. So therefore, we are now performing a larger phase III study in Multicentre in Norway with 152 patients. Half of them will receive 6 rituximab infusions during the first year and half of them will receive placebo. And then we will follow the patients for 2 years. And we hope that this study will either verify or refute if rituximab may give benefit to ME patients in a significant proportion.
http://gty.im/455611066
In this 11 part series Adam Ostermeier and I are going to be profiling each position group on the Lions roster, with two groups a week and three during the last week as we lead you to the first preseason game of the year against the Steelers on August 12. In this series of articles we will be giving you a general idea of what to expect for each player, project stats for the upcoming season, and predict who's making the final cut to keep your off-season boredom at a low dim and give you a chance to look at the roster before the first kickoff happens. This is the final week of these articles as kickoff is on Friday! For the final look on defense, we see how the safety position is looking for the Lions and check out who stays and who goes.
Glover Quin Stands Tall
Glover Quin is the only returning starter from last year as the Lions cut James Ihedigbo and Isa Abdul-Quddus signed with the Dolphins. Quinn had a good year in 2015, getting 67 total tackles, four interceptions (returning one for a touchdown), five pass deflections and one forced fumble. Quin will easily be the starting free safety again and they will have to lead the safeties and help lead the secondary with Darius Slay to help lock down the opposing offense and force them to run the ball.
2016 Projection: Starting Free Safety, 62 total tackles, three interceptions, eight pass deflections.
http://gty.im/451599357
Washington Becomes the Lone Wolf
Charles Washington is an undrafted rookie from Fresno State and looks to have the toughest path out of any of these players to make the team. At Fresno State, Washington had 198 total tackles, 14.5 for loss, four sacks, three interceptions, 17 pass deflections and one forced fumble and recovery. Washington can play cornerback too, but with that spot deep in competition, their best chance to make the team is at the safety position which will also be very hard for him. Washington doesn't have the experience and talent to make it onto the 53-man roster.
2016 Projection: Cut.
http://gty.im/515534074
Killebrew Sits Back
Miles Killebrew had an average training camp. They were on the third string drills and had trouble at times catching the ball and in coverage. Killebrew had 356 tackles, four forced fumbles, three fumble recoveries, three interceptions and three blocked kicks in their career at Southern Utah. While Killebrew will make the roster, their time on the field could be limited and they will only be out in certain packages.
2016 Projection: 10 tackles, one pass deflection
Don Carey Keeps Their Role
Don Carey has been with the Lions since 2011 and has always been a solid player. They mostly play special teams, but their position on defense is safety and as a backup, they are reliable and durable. In their career Carey has 154 total tackles, three interceptions, nine pass deflections, one forced fumble and two fumble recoveries. Carey could see an increase in game time with an injury prone starter in front of him, but either way expect them to be on the field at times on defense, but take over on special teams.
2016 Projection: 12 tackles, one forced fumble.
http://gty.im/182563215
Rafael Bush Starts
Rafael Bush is going to be the starting strong safety. While they have suffered injuries that limited their playing time in recent years, they look to make that a thing of the past and have a fresh start in Detroit. Bush has 120 total tackles in their career, along with one interception, nine pass deflections, three fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. While they only has 14 starts in their career, they could make that jump with 16 this season.
2016 Projection: Starting strong safety, 40 tackles, five pass deflections, one interception, fumble recovery.
http://gty.im/156665823
Tavon Wilson – Same Shift New Place
Tavon Wilson was a backup safety in New England and was brought in to Detroit to possibly start. With Bush taking that starting job, Wilson will be doing the same things they did in New England in Detroit. Wilson only has 76 tackles, five interceptions, 10 pass deflections and two fumble recoveries in their career and only started four games. Despite those relatively low numbers they can still have an impact in Detroit and gives the Lions some comfort if Quin goes down.
2016 Projection: 25 total tackles, three pass deflections, one interception.
http://gty.im/486005336
Isaiah Johnson Looks on From the Practice Squad
Isaiah Johnson has only played in six games, getting one tackle. With Wilson and Bush coming in and Killebrew getting drafted, Johnson's chances of making the 53-man roster are slim, but they can stay on the practice squad.
2016 Projection: Practice Squad
Final Safety Depth Chart
Free Safety
Glover Quin Tavon Wilson
Strong Safety
Rafael Bush Don Carey Miles Killebrew
Practice Squad
Isaiah Johnson
Thanks for reading! Don't forget to follow me on Twitter @BKnappBlogs, find me on Reddit at /u/sportsguy4life and leave me your thoughts on the Detroit Lions subreddit.
Matt Hardy is one half of one of the greatest tag teams of all time and highly accomplished as a singles wrestler. He's been prominently featured throughout the years in WWE, TNA and Ring of Honor. In 2015, they can currently be seen their brother, Jeff, on Impact Wrestling (Wednesday nights at 9 on Destination America). He's once again proving their worth in singles competition as the North Carolinian has been looking to take the TNA World Heavyweight Championship away from EC3. With the remarkable story that is their life in and out of the ring, we had an engaging and insightful conversation about their TNA experience, what it takes to be a heel, their new YouTube series, their memorable entrance theme in WWE and more.
You've been working with EC3 a lot and that includes a couple recent title matches. I feel that when wrestlers like EC3 and Drew Galloway come in, they're able to reach their full potential and really have a character with meaning. What's your take on that?
I think it's nice to see someone, like Drew for instance, get to go out and show everyone their full potential. When they came to WWE as The Chosen One and I was working with him, they had a lot of grand plans on the table for him. But I don't know what happened along the way, there was some sort of monkey wrench thrown in or whatever. Then they ultimately ended up doing the 3MB gig and it just didn't allow them to live up to their potential. They were becoming typecast in a certain role. It's one thing that's great about TNA because some characters may not have gotten great opportunities at WWE. They actually get the opportunity to realize their full potential on Impact Wrestling.
How does it feel to be back in a TV-14 environment?
It's enjoyable. I feel as I get older and now a father, I try to be a little more conscious of the things I would say and do. I try to be more creative as opposed to using a cheap word, cursing or something vulgar, to get a reaction. I try to be more thoughtful about that, but it is nice to have that freedom and that wiggle room to go out and be edgy if you really need to be in a particular situation.
It's no secret that you've utilized YouTube over the past several years. Now you're delivering once again with Thoughts From The Throne. There's a lot of competition with podcasts hosted by wrestlers, but it seems like this is your unique outlet to do something similar and talk about recent news in wrestling. Is that what you were going for?
I was yearning to do more YouTube videos, even from an entertainment aspect. My wife helps me with it right now because I'm so busy, they film for me and does the editing and puts it up. We've been busy just because we have a newborn obviously. But yeah, it is. It's my way of getting my opinion and maybe a fresh take out there. People might watch the video and get a different perspective on whatever might be circulating, the hot news and whatever's being talked about in the wrestling community. I try and go out there with a healthy mind. I don't try to be biased, I try to be fair. That's my whole thing in life now. I've been through ups, I've been through downs, but I need to look at things from fair perspective. That's what I try to do with Thoughts From The Throne.
With all those ups and downs throughout the story that is your life, have you ever considered doing public speaking in a setting such as a school so you can share what you've been through and what you've done?
I would. I would totally be open to doing that, especially down the road. I had actually just tweeted that I feel the best I've felt in seven or eight years. For the last couple years, I've just done a lot of resting and repairing my body. I'm constantly evolving my training schedule and my diet. I've gotten myself into really good groove. Physically, I'm not gonna be able to wrestle and take bumps forever. Afterwards, I would love to speak. I've worked very hard on my speaking through promos and in general over the last few years. So yeah, I would love to do public speaking and share my story with people. Once again, I want to talk with them on the same level and give an interesting, fair and honest perspective.
One of your closest friends, Shane Helms, has recently come to TNA in a behind the scenes role. How was that arranged?
I was speaking with Josh Mathews and they were wanting to update some of the agents and producers. Shane Helms was a name that we talked about and I thought they would be great for the job. That is a tailor-made gig for them just because they have such a great wrestling mind. I suggested Shane and they brought them down. They tried them out and lo and behold, they were hired almost immediately. No disrespect to any other agents, but I think Shane is the most creative and fresh producer that is working in TNA right now.
Both of you come from North Carolina, so I have to ask, how do you feel about South of the Border?
It's definitely unique. When I was in high school and also college, we'd go to Myrtle Beach and we would always drive through South of the Border from where I lived in Cameron. I always loved stopping at South of the Border and doing all the touristy stuff and whatnot. It's still very interesting. My wife was born and raised in New York and they moved to Florida for a little while, she'd driven through there a few times. We've stopped in and it's just such a fun little tourist attraction. It's such a unique gimmick. It totally reeks of wrestling because if you go down there, everything is a gimmick. There's a little piece of merch for every little idea that exists there. So yeah, I'm a South of the Border fan.
When I first started watching wrestling, I was introduced to you when you were just starting out as Version 1.0.One of the biggest things that stuck with me from all of that was your new entrance theme from Monster Magnet. It's easily identifiable and impactful when it first hits, it really helped you to reinvent yourself and fans have really gotten into that theme over the years. How do you feel about it?
I love that song. It would be very hard to have a better entrance song than that. I had turned in ideas to WWE about using a different style of music and I'd given them a couple samples that I was thinking of. When I first heard the Monster Magnet song, I said “Well, it's okay. I'm not crazy about it.” Then we got to the point where they really wanted to differentiate between myself and Jeff, so they wanted us to have different theme music. And then they said “Oh, we've got other music and we've got some ideas for it. We'll eventually use that, but we're gonna use the other one for tonight.” I'll be honest, after two or three entrances with using the Oh Yeah Monster Magnet music, I couldn't imagine having it any different. It's such a great tempo for the whole environment and the excitement of coming down to the ring. It makes me hyped and it makes the crowd hyped, it's a great, great entrance song.
You went over to Smackdown to reinvent yourself as a heel singles competitor with much more mic time, all things that were relatively unfamiliar to you at the time.
It was interesting. I look back now and I liked a lot of the things I did, they were very entertaining. Sometimes it was hard for me to get booed in some arenas and I realize why when I look back now. You know how the saying goes, man, if you knew then what you know now. My approach to being a heel now would be different now, so drastically different. I feel like I could be a great heel. I actually feel like there's more money in a heel Matt Hardy as a singles competitor than a babyface Matt Hardy as a singles competitor. I have a good grasp on what it takes right now to be a heel and what it takes to make the wrestling fans dislike you and want to see your opponent whoop your ass. Looking back, it was good for me because I was able to go out and show that I was a solid singles wrestler and entertaining in a singles role. It gave me a chance to showcase my own personality. But looking back, I could've been such a better heel. I think I was just in that mindset where I had just split from Jeff and everyone knows that Jeff was much more of a representation of what the Hardy Boyz were meant to be than I was. He's the guy that is the natural daredevil and they do such beautiful, graceful, athletic moves.  They are more of an extreme guy than I am. Once we split, they continued down the Hardy Boyz path and I had to do something drastically different. In my mind, I just wanted to be good and to succeed. I wanted people to like what I was doing with my act. I just wanted to make sure that I was going to be established and successful, that was probably my priority even over being a heel at that point.
Who do you think is the best heel right now in wrestling?
Eric Young is an excellent heel. I think Eric Young is a really, really good heel because they do things intentionally so that you don't want to cheer him, you don't want to get behind them and you don't want to support him. Who are some of the heels that stand out in other companies?
Definitely Kevin Owens.
Yeah, Kevin is good. I worked with and against Kevin in Ring of Honor when I was there. Kevin Owens is good because they are very good at seeming normal. He's a father and they love their kids and their wife, you would think that describes a babyface. He's able to turn things around. He's able to do the things that seem cowardly, although he's projecting an image of being tough. Kevin really knows who they are and that's important. If you're a wrestling character, especially as a heel, you have to understand who you are and you have to understand how the crowd views you. Kevin is really, really talented in doing that. Kevin Owens and Eric Young, those are my two top heels right now.
Something that I've always been curious about, what was the filming process like for when they would show you posing on the on-screen match cards in the WWE in the early to mid 2000s?
They were filmed in front of a green screen. It was very simple, you would turn to your right, you would turn to your left and all angles. With the posing, they would just ask what our signature stuff was. We'd be told to do our signature stuff, poses or hand gestures or whatever your mannerism is. We'd represent our character. Most guys that have a grasp of who their character is, they have their own creative control to do whatever.
There's a lot going on right now with GFW and Impact Wrestling. PJ Black, formerly Justin Gabriel in the WWE, has been making appearances on Impact Wrestlings. You two are no strangers because they were your rookie on the first season of NXT back in 2010. Was your rookie/pro relationship solely an on-screen thing or did you take the time to mentor them outside of the ring as well?
We became buddies. We grew a relationship out of the professional aspect of being paired together. We hung out and stayed in touch. It was real cool to see them show up in TNA and be back around again. I was happy for him, just like Drew Galloway. I don't think they utilized them to their full potential when they were on WWE television, so it's nice to see them getting an opportunity now to be one of the staples of Global Force Wrestling. Unfortunately they aren't on television yet. Hopefully that does happen for them. I would love to see them be on a television product and be highlighted as one of the top stars.
So in closing, what is your plan once you finally hit one million Twitter followers? You're currently at 979,000 and getting closer every day.
Maybe when I hit one million followers on Twitter, I'll buy myself a gift. Maybe I'll buy myself a little present, it'll be a celebration of a million followers.
Sounds like a plan. I wish you the best ahead in wrestling and in life. I'd love to thank you so much for your time and an insightful interview.
Thank you, man. I appreciate it.
Official Website for Matt Hardy
FOLLOW Matt Hardy on Twitter (and get them to one million followers!)
LIKE Matt Hardy on Facebook
FOLLOW Matt Hardy on Instagram
Story Highlights 12% of Republicans approve, below the 16% national average
Republicans have registered lower approval since last summer
Prior GOP-led Congresses rated much more positively by Republicans
PRINCETON, N.J. -- Just 12% of Republicans approve of the job Congress is doing, a lower rating than the historically subpar rating all Americans (16%) give the GOP-led institution. Immediately after the Republican Party took control of both houses of Congress in early 2015, Republican identifiers were more positive than the general public about Congress, but by the summer of that year Republicans' approval dropped below the national average.
Since last July, Republican approval has averaged 11%, compared with 15% for independents and 17% for Democrats. The recent trends for all three major party groups are shown in a graph at the end of this article.
Republicans have failed to make progress in getting their preferred legislation passed since they gained control of the Senate in early 2015. John Boehner resigned as speaker last fall as a result of unhappiness with their leadership among many Republican House members, not to mention Republican Party supporters more generally. After a prolonged search to find a replacement, the GOP tapped Paul Ryan as its new House leader. However, that has done little to improve Republicans' evaluations of the way Congress is handling its job.
In the past, supporters of the majority party may have been happy just to have their party in power. Over the past two decades, the majority party's supporters have given Congress significantly higher job approval ratings than supporters of the opposition party when one party had control of both houses of Congress. These data go back to 1993, when Gallup began compiling approval of Congress by party.
Job Approval of Congress, by Party Identification and Party Control of Congress Years Majority party in House and Senate Average approval, Republicans Average approval, Democrats Gap in favor of majority party % % pct. pts. 1993-1994 Democratic 21 31 +10 1995-2000 Republican 52 36 +16 2003-2006 Republican 55 25 +30 2007-2010 Democratic 18 33 +15 2015-2016 Republican 14 17 -3 Note : 2001-2002 and 2011-2014 not included because control of Congress was shared, with one party controlling the House and the other the Senate. Gallup
To illustrate, when the GOP was the majority party in 1995 through 2000, Republican approval of Congress was 16 percentage points higher on average than that of Democrats, 52% to 36%. The gap was even larger -- 30 points -- from 2003 through 2006, perhaps because Republican George W. Bush was president at the time.
Democrats were also much more positive toward Congress in the two recent periods in which they were the majority party. From 1993 through 1994, Democrats' average approval rating of Congress was 10 points higher than that of Republicans. And from 2007 to 2010, Democrats' ratings were 15 points higher on average.
In the current period, which includes the initial months of 2015 when Republicans were more positive toward Congress, Republicans' approval ratings have averaged three points lower than Democrats', 14% to 17%.
Implications
Rank-and-file Republicans are not alone in having a negative opinion of Congress, as independents' and Democrats' approval ratings are also currently low from a historical perspective. But Republicans are unusual in giving Congress lower approval at a time when their party has control of both houses. In the past, supporters of the majority party typically had approval ratings at least 10 points higher than supporters of the opposition party.
Republicans' negativity toward the GOP-led Congress is not merely a function of there being divided government. Republicans were more positive than Democrats toward the GOP-led Congress when Democrat Bill Clinton was president in the 1990s. Likewise, Democrats were more positive than Republicans toward the Democratically controlled Congress in 2007 and 2008 when Bush was president.
Nor are Republicans' lower ratings of Congress attributable to unawareness of or confusion as to which party controls Congress -- 64% of Americans and 69% of Republicans correctly identify the Republican Party as the majority party in the House. Those were easily the highest scores on five questions testing Americans' knowledge of Congress included in the June 1-5 poll.
Republicans' frustration with their own party leadership, in both the House and Senate, likely contributed to their negative evaluations of Congress. Some Republicans are probably upset with the leadership for not doing more to pass legislation to address the nation's problems, even if that meant compromising with Democrats. Other Republicans may have been unhappy with the leadership for failing to take a more aggressive approach against President Barack Obama and the Democrats, wanting Republicans to pass GOP-favored legislation even in the face of a certain presidential veto and to take active steps to thwart the president's ability to pass legislation they favored. Regardless, the change in the House leadership last fall seems to have done little to make Republicans feel better about Congress.
Republican approval of Congress would almost surely improve if Donald Trump were elected president in 2016 and the party maintained control of both houses of Congress, mainly because Republicans would see more of their preferred legislation passed than has been the case with Obama in the White House. However, if Hillary Clinton is elected along with a Republican Congress, it is unlikely that much would change to make Republicans feel better about the way Congress is doing its job.
Historical data are available in Gallup Analytics.
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted June 1-5, 2016, with a random sample of 1,027 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
For results based on the total samples of 308 Republicans and 313 Democrats, the margins of sampling error are ±7 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
For results based on the total sample of 386 independents, the margin of sampling error is ±6 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60% cellphone respondents and 40% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
View survey methodology, complete question responses and trends.
Learn more about how the Gallup Poll Social Series works.
​
Lately restaurants and retailers have either raised the wrath of consumers when they dumped on their employees or attempted to push their politics (think Papa John's, Applebee's; Chick-fil-A), or they're getting the benefit of huge viral hugs when something they do right strikes a chord in the social media world: (think Costco, Trader Joe's, even JCPenney when it stood by Ellen DeGeneres). Often the public heat on a topic starts with a tweet, a photo, or, say, the screenshot of a receipt that shows a retailer's good heart and generosity. And that's where our story begins:
Seth McClure, 30, is law school student with a wife, two kids, a brother, and two parents who recently endured, according to their account, the destruction of their home in a fire.
Where the Olive Garden gets involved:
McClure took their wife, 3-year-old daughter and brother out to dinner at a local Olive Garden, and when the restaurant manager came to the table to ask how their dinners were, McClure's daughter chirped up that their grandpa's house had just burned down. What followed was a receipt with a zero balance; the restaurant had comped the meal for the entire family:
The reason we know about this receipt is because McClure was reportedly so touched by the heartfelt gesture (Olive Garden's claim “When you're here, you're family” must have felt like it came to life for the McClures!), they posted an anonymous Reddit entry about their generosity. The Huffington Post picked up the story off Reddit and ran their own “good news” piece, Olive Garden Receipt: Family Pays $0 After Restaurant Learns House Burned Down:
After asking for more details about the incident, the team at the restaurant decided to give the customers a pretty generous discount. When the family received their bill, they saw all their meals had been comped. The charge was $0. The man posted the receipt to Reddit, and news of the good deed quickly went viral. The Huffington Post reached out to Darden, the parent company of the Olive Garden, to find out more about how it all happened. “We are always looking for ways to surprise and delight our guests, and this was one of the ways the Olive Garden team in Vernon Hills, Ill., did that last weekend,” representative Tara Gray told HuffPost in an email.
What the Huffington Post didn't mention, or maybe didn't know at the time, was that the “viral” nature of the Reddit story had suddenly switched directions, going decidedly negative after readers smelled a PR stunt. According to an AOLJobs piece, when McClure opened up their Reddit page the next morning, they were blasted by commenters who were less than impressed, convinced the whole thing was a set-up to make the Olive Garden look good:
When McClure woke up Wednesday morning, they said, their Reddit inbox was filled with messages, some telling them that “he should get cancer,” and others calling them a “corporate shill.” Their receipt had gone viral; as of Wednesday afternoon it had received almost 900,000 views and over 1,600 comments, many roundly praising Olive Garden for a random act of kindness, but others accusing McClure of being the agent in a PR stunt. A Reddit user going by the name iworkinadvertising, who claims to be a journalist covering advertising, said ad agencies will encourage employees to have active social media accounts, and then on occasion will call on those employees to post a positive story related to one of their clients. Tanek42 was just a fraud, they said, and their receipt “free advertising.” Skeptics also pointed out that the receipt in the photograph is perfectly framed by the Olive Garden logo, that all information identifying the specific Olive Garden restaurant is conveniently obscured, and that the user who posted the image became active on Reddit less than a month ago, and hasn't responded to any of the controversy. In other words, they smell a rat. (Since then, McClure has posted dozens of replies to commenters.)
The assessment of some – viewing the incident from a more objective perspective – is that corporate generosity is so rare, there's a knee-jerk reaction to suspect the authenticity of any example of it, particularly one that plays so successfully into the viral nature of online, social media postings. The head of corporate communications for the Olive Garden, Owen Dougherty, adamantly denied that the company had an insider post the story as a PR stunt (“It's completely against our code of conduct…”), but there has been enough other backlash to this particular corporation that it's not a stretch to imagine that tactic.
Remember their advertising campaign about how all its chefs go to Tuscany, Italy to learn the fine, authentic nuances of “real” Italian recipes? Turns out that was a PR smokescreen. From SlashFood's piece, The Truth Behind The Olive Garden's Tuscan Cooking School:
The [Olive Garden] manager, posting as FIDELIA079 [on Reddit], claims that they scored a lucky, all-expense-paid (except souvenirs) trip to the chain's Tuscan “culinary institute” in 2007. It seems the Olive Garden doesn't even own the place. They just book all the rooms at some hotel in the off-season, close the place to the public, and take over the restaurant. Sporadic “classes” lasted “maybe an hour here or there” where they would “talk about spices or fresh produce for a minute” before taking the group site-seeing for the day. Lots of drinking ensued. If it sounds like just a ploy to allow the ubiquitous strip-mall-Italian chain to claim that its staff is trained in the Old Country-apparently, it is.”The only time we saw the ‘chef' was when they made a bolognese sauce while taking pictures with each of us to send to our local newspapers,” the anonymous ex-manager says. “They sent pre-written articles to our local newspaper with fake quotes from me and a group photo. Also, every year when they would run the promotion I was supposed to wear a special ‘chef' coat and make conversation with guests who ordered the promotional meals.”
Which makes it just a tad harder to believe when company spokespeople indignantly claim they wouldn't stoop so low as to “fake” a comped meal receipt for the hope of viral enthusiasm!
But, in fact, social media sites like Reddit, and the readers and contributors to that site and others, have gotten wise to that exact ploy; the notion of anyone, or any company, pushing too hard, and without authenticity, in hopes of setting a PR campaign on social media fire. Reddit, in particular, is sensitive about being a truly reader-driven content board, and will discontinue an account if they think someone is posting only their own content (see Reddit Bans The Atlantic, Businessweek In Anti-Spam Crusade). Yelp is another site that frowns mightily on businesses posted their own “good reviews,” employing a strenuous filter for any who might try (sometimes to the argument that authentic reviews get tainted as fakes when they're not, to the detriment of the companies being reviewed).
The bottom line seems to be that you can't fabricate honest virality. You can try, but in this democratized online culture, it's those most active and aware who can either push your product to the heights or slam you so hard to the ground you're dizzy for days.
As for the Olive Garden and Seth McClure's receipt; spam fakery or a nice gesture by a chain restaurant? According to the AOLJobs story, they – and their receipt – are the real deal:
“I guess it was just unbelievable that a company would actually do something that was actually nice,” said McClure. But at least in this case Tanek42 is not a sneaky spambot of casual Italian dining, but truly a scholarship law student with two kids, a mortgage, and parent's whose house just burned down — and who happened to have a heart-warming experience at Olive Garden. The best kind of free advertising there is. McClure isn't so surprised that their post attracted critics. “I think it's the Internet, right. It goes at light speed,” they said. “You've got people on both sides, and there are always skeptics. In the end, you just hope the truth comes out.”
Of course, it's possible the skeptics still uncertain are those stuck on the fact that the Olive Garden's endless bread sticks are as close to “real bread” as a loaf of Wonder, and that “Tuscan cooking” is not much more than a photo op. But still… it looks like Seth McClure did get a free meal. And that we can all applaud.
Follow Lorraine Devon Wilke on Twitter, Facebook and Rock+Paper+Music; for their archive at Addicting info click here; details and links to their other work: www.lorrainedevonwilke.com.
At the time J. August Richards covertly lensed their guest-starring role in the Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. pilot, they had no idea that more than a year later Mike Peterson would not only still be around, but also assumed the alter ego of cyborg assassin Deathlok.
“I was told that I would start on Monday, and finish three Mondays after that. That was all,” the actor tells TVLine with a laugh. “We had the script for the pilot, and that's all that I thought the character was and would be.
RELATED | May Sweeps Scoopapalooza: 99+ Spoilers on Your Favorite Series' Season-Ending Episodes
Richards recalls the pilot shoot as being “a really special experience,” and not only because it reunited them with Angel creator-turned-S.H.I.E.L.D. EP Joss Whedon. “It was kind of the first time as an actor that I said to myself, ‘I'm not really thinking about me so much; I'm thinking about the people who are going to watch this show and might feel like their back is against the wall as well,'” they share. And to this day, “I hope that I can somehow give those people just a spark of hope in the same way that Mike has not given up on himself.”
Not that anyone could fault onetime factory worker Mike Peterson for waving the white flag and allowing themselves to be fully absorbed by their deadly Deathlok persona. Ever since resurfacing in Episode 10, and as a S.H.I.E.L.D. asset no less, the Project Centipede experiment has lost more and more of their identity, as a human and as a father, especially after being outfitted with a bionic leg and eye by The Clairvoyant.
Reflecting on their post-pilot arc, Richards says, “I didn't expect it at all. I mean, I've never played a character with such an epic journey before. Someone put together for me online a snapshot from each episode that I've done, and the journey that this character has taken is just beautiful to see in pictures. It's been pretty great.”
PHOTOS | Quotes of the Week: Best Zingers From Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Castle and More
With an eye (heh) on this Tuesday's episode (ABC, 8/7c) — which also marks the return of Cobie Smulders as ex-agent Maria Hill — Richards previews, “When we last saw Mike, they were in deep conflict trying to convince themselves that they are this Deathlok person and there is no more Mike Peterson left. And in this episode, he's more resigned to that fate. Mike will never lose complete hope, but this is kind of the fullest Deathlok that we've seen up until this point.”
That their portrayer still refers to the character as “Mike” is a bit charming, yet also telling. Do they believe there's still a small shred of that mild-mannered dad residing beneath all the scar tissue and tech? “I think there's a lot more than a shred,” Richards counters. “In my last episode, my one line was, ‘Mike Peterson is dead.' And at the risk of sounding pretentious, Meryl Streep once said on Inside the Actors Studio, ‘Always examine the opposite of what your character is saying,' so I really thought about that. I was like, ‘Mike Peterson is so alive.'”
What will it take, then, to ever salvage the man within the murderous machine and free them from Hydra's hold? “One thing, and one thing only: They have to stop them from being controlled by Bill Paxton's character,” Richards answers. “The only reason I'm doing the things I do is because Garrett is threatening to kill my son, and me too.”
PHOTOS | Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. First Look: Cobie Smulders' Agent Hill Finds an Ally
Though Richards returns to the storyline this week, it did not go unnoticed that they were MIA from the April 22 episode which guest-starred Amy Acker, who on Angel played Fred Burkle to their Charles Gunn. Richards, like Whedonverse fans, regrets that they didn't work together on S.H.I.E.L.D., though they hold out hope that, with Audrey still alive, the window remains open for an eventual reunion. “We've come a long way from Angel — now she's doing great things, and I'm doing this show that I love,” they note. “It would be really great for me as a person to get to act with them again.”
But short of Acker resurfacing as Coulson's ex, might any other Angel alum fill the Whedonverse reunion bill? “I'd have to go with my boy, Alexis Denisof (aka Wesley),” Richards effuses. “I worked with them for so long that I've stolen so many things from theirs as an actor. So, I would definitely say him.”
Missouri Baseball 2014 Pre-Season Rundown
Head Coach: Tim Jamieson (20th season at Mizzou)
Home Stadium: Simmons Field at Taylor Stadium (3,031)
2013 Results: 18-32 (10-20 SEC); Lost 1st Round SEC Tournament vs. Miss. St.
Postseason: None
Following a disappointing inaugural season in the Southeastern Conference, the Missouri Tigers baseball program looks for a bounce back in Year 2 similar to the one seen this fall on Faurot Field. Entering the SEC, it was thought that the baseball program had to take the biggest step in the transition from the Big XII.
Mizzou started off last season rough by getting swept twice on the road open 0-6. This did not set a good tone for the remainder of the season. The Tigers finished as the 12 seed in the SEC. In the conference tournament, they went toe-to-toe with the eventual CWS Runner-Up Mississippi State before losing in an epic 17 inning game.
Reasons for Hope:
Returning Starters: The Tigers return 346 of their 400 (86.5%) position player starts from last year. These players have not only another year to mature, but also a valuable learning experience of playing in the SEC, which no Missouri players had at this time last year.
Close and Competitive: Despite the ugly 18-32 overall record, the Tigers played in a ton of close ball games. Mizzou played 25 games that were decided by three runs or fewer. The most heart-wrenching of the bunch being the 17 inning thriller in the SEC Tournament, losing to Mississippi State. The Tigers won three SEC series last season (@UGA, vs. AUB, vs. UK) This shows that Missouri was competitive and definitely belongs on the same field as their conference foes.
Schedule: Every schedule is tough in the SEC, but Mizzou lucked out this year by missing regular season series with three preseason top 25 opponents. The Tigers do not play LSU (#9), Alabama (#21), or Texas A&M (#24). Rankings according to Baseball Ameirca.
Reasons to Worry:
Recruiting: Being in a state not being known as having a “hotbed” of baseball talent, it is imperative that Mizzou recruits players out-of-state but also hold down the top players in Missouri. In this past MLB draft, Missouri lost three terrific players from their recruiting class when they chose to go pro over college. Devin Williams (Florissant, MO) is a fireball-throwing RHP taken in the second round by the Brewers. Jacob Brentz (Ballwin, MO) is a big time LHP that was chosen in the 11th round by Toronto. Lastly, Malik Collymore (Mississauga, Ontario) is a great all-around shortstop taken by the Cardinals in the 10th round. Mizzou could have really used these elite level players as the need to upgrade their talent to match their competitors. Also, the facilities of Mizzou's program don't compare with those of the other SEC teams. However, this past winter, the Tigers have upgraded their locker room/clubhouse and increased Taylor Stadium's seating capacity. Missouri still has a ways to go in this category. The Tigers did have the 24th ranked recruiting class in 2012. Mizzou needs production from these players in their second year with the program.
Loss of Leaders: This season, the Tigers are without their best hitter and best pitcher from a year ago. Dane Opel was a fixture in the outfield and the heart of the lineup for the last couple seasons. They led the team in batting average (.292), at bats, runs, hits, and RBI last season. Left handed starting pitcher Rob Zastryzny was drafted by the Cubs in the second round of the MLB Draft and chose to forego their senior season for the pros. Zastryzny led the Tigers in innings pitched and strikeouts. Rob Z also held Mississippi State to one run in nine innings in the conference tournament. The Tigers need to find a replacement for their leading run producer and Friday night starter in order to succeed in 2014.
Keys for Success:
Non-Conference: Last season, Mizzou went 8-11 in the non-conference. They were swept by Southern Miss and Memphis to begin the season. Mizzou also dropped games against Arkansas State, Illinois, Missouri State, and SEMO. If Missouri wants any chance at the NCAA Tournament (other than winning SEC Tourney) the Tigers must take care of business in the non-conference games.
Limit Strikeouts: The Tigers led the conference with 220 strikeouts in 30 SEC games (7.3 per game). Many rallies were killed at the hands of a costly strikeout in last season's tight games. If the Tigers can put the ball in play to get runner over, get runners home, and keep the pressure of the defense, Mizzou will find itself scoring more runs this year. The Tigers were tied for 9th in the SEC last year scoring just 3.9 runs per game.
Limit Errors: The Tigers committed the third most errors in SEC games last year, committing 37 in 30 games. Against Texas A&M last season, Missouri held a 5-3 lead in the bottom of the ninth before committing four errors in the inning to cough up the lead and lose. In order to make up for their lack of offensive firepower, Mizzou cannot afford to give opponents extra outs and free runs.
Players to Watch:
Keaton Steele (1B/P): Steele was probably Mizzou's second best offensive player a year ago. Steele, however, carried the offense towards the end of the season during their hot streak. They hit .306 in conference play and belted 5 homers. Steele will be a run producer in the middle of Missouri's order as well as providing innings in either a starting or relief role. They tossed 7 scoreless innings in relief in the marathon game versus Mississippi State.
Dylan Kelly (C): Kelly was a surprising left handed bat in the middle of the order last year. The former junior college transfer will look to be a leader for this Mizzou team in their second and final campaign with the Tigers. They hit .287 last season and provided some key hits to go along with their 27 RBI.
Josh Lester (INF): Lester is another key cog in the middle of the lineup for Mizzou. They started 42 games last season as a true first-year student. The Georgian can play all four infield positions and provide some versatility for Coach Jamieson. Look for Lester to hit for more power this year after hitting two a season ago.
Jake Ring (OF): Ring is a true first-year student that looks to get some playing time in the Tiger outfield. Ring has a plus arm to go with their good defensive center field. They can also fly. Ring hit .455 and stole 28 bases their senior year for Grant High School in the Chicago area. Base stealing is an area that Missouri lacked last year. Look for Ring to provide a much-needed offensive spark if called upon this spring.
Starting Pitching: The Tigers must fill the void left by Zastryzny in the Friday night starter role. Look for this to be filled by Eric Anderson (SR, 3.90 ERA, 27.2 innings, 4 starts), Brett Graves (JR, 3.80 ERA, 71 innings, 13 starts), or sophomore Alec Rash. Rash was drafted in the second round by the Phillies in 2012, making them the highest drafted player to turn down the pros for college. Mizzou needs Rash to produce this year after starting 7 games last season with a 4.55 ERA.
OTHER NOTABLES: Logan Pearson (OF), Dillon Everett (INF), Case Munson (OF), Kendall Keeton (2B), Shane Segovia (3B), Ryan Howard (SS), Jace James (P), Griffin Goodrich (P), John Miles (P)
Final Verdict
Last season, the Tigers squeaked into conference tournament as a 12 seed. I look for the Tigers to improve on that with a year of SEC experience under their belt. If the Tigers can find their top of the rotation starters and get some timely hitting, they can challenge for the top half of the conference standings. With an abundance of returning players, don't consider an NCAA Tournament bid a surprise.
Cameron Clouser
@CamClouser
Mizcam1993@gmail.com
This past January, President Trump's son-in-law and jack-of-all trades White House advisor Jared Kushner infamously submitted their security clearance form entirely blank, devoid of foreign contacts.
They omitted over a hundred foreign business ties and required a highly irregular series of three updates, to date.
Kushner blames the possible felony on a staffer.
House Democrats demanded an investigation of Ivanka Trump after Kushner updated their clearance disclosures, since spouses must report each other's contacts on the federal forms.
Now that the reports are longer, we've learned that Jared Kushner has multiple, long-standing ties to Kremlin-linked oligarchs who are in Vladimir Putin's circle.
So does Ivanka Trump.
Except that Jared Kushner is embroiled in a Trump-eque financial emergency requiring them to refinance their building on New York's world famous Fifth Avenue.
Soon.
We also learned that just after the Miss Universe Moscow pageant had taken place in 2013, Trump's son-in-law and daughter also attended a charity event with numerous Kremlin-linked oligarchs and their top staffers.
Last week, Bloomberg exposed that event along with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump's years long relationship with Kremlin-linked oligarch, Roman Abramovich, and to their family.
Kushner and Abramovich even invested money together in one of their family funds, until they joined the White House staff.
Kushner-owned venture capital firm Thrive invests in startup businesses.
Thrive accepted investment cash for Artsy.net from Roman Abramovich's wife. Bloomberg reports:
“Wendi Deng, the ex-wife of Rupert Murdoch, first introduced Zhukova to Ivanka Trump a decade ago. Then in 2010, Thrive Capital, the venture firm founded by Joshua Kushner, which included funds from older brother Jared, invested in Artsy, an online platform for art discovery and collecting, and brought in Deng and Zhukova as co-investors.
Thrive led a $1.25 million funding round and has continued to back Artsy over the years. Last month Thrive, Zhukova and Deng participated in a $50 million financing.”
Jared Kushner divested their stake in Thrive before entering the White House.
Jared Kushner's friend Roman Abramovich's ties to Putin are so close, that a judge in the UK made an extraordinary ruling about them, according to Bloomberg:
In a 2012 lawsuit in London, the late Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky claimed he'd been forced to sell their shares in oil company Sibneft to Abramovich. The judge, in ruling against Berezovsky, concluded Abramovich had “privileged access” to Putin.
“He became very close to the Kremlin,” said Andrew Wood, the British ambassador to Russia from 1995 to 2000 who alerted U.S. Senator John McCain of the existence of a dossier released in January that contained allegations about Trump's Russia ties. “He has the gift, which Berezovsky did not, of holding their tongue.”
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump later claimed in their security disclosures that they met three to four times with Roman Abramovich and their wife over the years, though they claim never alone.
The couple attended a charity event with Abramovich in early 2014 that included representatives from Russia's Alfa Bank who is under FBI investigation, and the Russian Foreign Minister's daughter along with numerous Russian oligarchs.
Amongst the guests at the charity event was another major GOP donor who earned big bucks in the Russian oil business. Also in attendance, the ex-KGB officer who was Trump Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' partner in the Bank of Cyprus.
Among the 100 guests were Viktor Vekselberg, owner of the Renova Group; Len Blavatnik, owner of Access Industries; Alexey Reznikovich, the head of LetterOne Technology, which is controlled by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman; and Ekaterina Vinokurova, the daughter of Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, with their husband Alexander Vinokurov, who sits on the board of Alfa Group. Peter Salovey, the president of Yale University, also was there.
Kushner and Ivanka met those Russian oligarchs just a few months after the Miss Universe Moscow pageant and Sochi Olympics.
Within weeks of that fundraiser, Russia invaded the Crimea, and sanctions were then imposed, cutting the ability to forge legitimate business ties between Americans and many of the oligarchs that Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump had just met.
It was only months after the Trump Tower Moscow deal began, before stretching into the presidential election.
Read The Stern Facts about Trump Organization's planned Moscow Tower:
Thanks to the highly efficient and unbiased post system in Europe I finally received my gift from my Secret Santa and I squealed from excitement as I opened the parcel!
Thank you so much for those beautiful gifts and your nice card! You nailed it with those wonderful Bulgarian cosmetics made from Bulgarian rose. I opened the products and was hit by a wave of nostalgia, reminding me of my childhood, when I once spent my holidays with the family there. And the quality of the cosmetic goods is simply superb. I already fell in love with those products. Hmmmh, and those chocolate treats, they are not going to survive long...which means I'm going to read a book (using the Japanese bookmark) and devour one of those sweets today!
Thank you so much, Secret Santa, for those wonderful gifts! A big, big hug from Switzerland!!!
PS: Could please someone marry this person?
Story highlights Peggy Drexler: Employers find a four-day workweek increases productivity and job satisfaction
They say 86% of American men, 67% of women work more than 40 hours a week
Drexler: It helps retain all talented workers, not just the women who want to be with kids
To make it work, employers should put the whole staff on the four-day week, they says
Gina, the owner of a busy graphic design firm, started giving themselves -- and their employees -- four-day workweeks after they had knee surgery and found it tough to get around. It was meant to be temporary, and Gina only made the change because they felt guilty staying home while the others toiled. But they quickly realized the shorter week was less a burden than a surprise boon.
From Monday through Thursday, their staff got in early to get their work done, and employees seemed genuinely excited to be there. Productivity increased dramatically. People still had fun, but even the office chitchat seemed more efficient. And when they were at work, they worked.
"They were using the extra day off to spend time with their families, do errands and take long weekends away, but also to schedule appointments they might otherwise have taken an afternoon off to attend," Gina said. People ended up taking fewer vacations days, and sick days disappeared almost entirely.
Peggy Drexler
In their book "White Collar Sweatshop," author Jill Andresky Fraser writes about a culture of American workers being on-call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, even as salaries and benefits decrease. That's because, despite the evidence, we're programmed to believe that working longer and harder begets great achievement. But what if working less is the real key to success?
And yet Mendelsohn's four-day imperative sparked big debate: Critics called the move entitled and questioned its fairness, while working mothers hailed it a victory, naming them a poster child for work-life balance.
Many have argued for the four-day workweek, or flexible hours in general, as a way to retain talented female workers who might otherwise quit altogether in order to have children.
But a four-day workweek isn't beneficial to mothers alone -- and it is beneficial. When Utah introduced four-day workweeks for many of its state employees in 2008, it boosted productivity and worker satisfaction. They reverted to the standard five-day week only three years later, because residents complained about not having access to services on Fridays.
In a 2012 op-ed in the New York Times, software CEO Jason Fried reported that the 32-hour, four-day workweek their company follows from May through October has resulted in an increase in productivity . "Better work gets done in four days than in five," they wrote. It makes sense: When there's less time to work, there's less time to waste. And when you have a compressed workweek, you tend to focus on what's important. (Like sleep, quality work happens best when uninterrupted.
Fried also reported that the four-day workweek had made it easier to recruit new talent and retain valuable staff -- male and female.
There's one caveat. Though unlikely to affect higher-ups like Mendelsohn, the four-day week tends to work best when the entire office is involved. One reason many employees may feel reluctant to take on a four-day week is because of the fear of "missing out" on access to the boss or to the flow of ideas and information.
Ten weeks after their first daughter was born, Mary, an environmental attorney in Denver, returned to work, taking the firm up on its offer to let them come in four days a week while everyone else remained at five. A month later, Mary found themselves exhausted, constantly irritable, and nursing a persistent cough.
"I was happy they wanted to keep me enough to be flexible," they said. "But I always felt that the most important decisions were made when I was home relieving the nanny."
Instead of providing some relief, the flexible hours that were Mary's, and Mary's alone, only made them that much more anxious.
"I became convinced that once out of sight, I was out of mind." Putting everyone on the same schedule helps reduce that fear.
There's also the simple economics of the four-day week, as seen in Utah. When the lights are on four days instead of five, and employees need to make the commute two fewer times, costs are lowered.
For all these reasons, many employers who go the four-day route never go back. Three years later, Gina's knee is healed but the four-day workweek remains. Them firm has grown by 20%.
Was it the change in schedule? "I'm sure that can't account for all the growth," Gina said. "But it played a role for sure. Now I joke that blowing out my knee was the best career move I ever made."
Hello,
My name is Henry Brade and I'm the CEO of Prasos which is a 3-year old Finnish Bitcoin startup.
Our services include Bittiraha.fi which is the largest Bitcoin exchange in Finland, Denarium which produces the next generation physical bitcoins and BTC Store which focuses on Bitcoin security products. In addition we operate the largest Bitcoin ATM network in the Nordics, called Bittimaatti.
Our main revenue generator at the moment is the exchange services at Bittiraha.fi. We calculate only the trading commission to our revenue figures, not the trading volume itself.
I'll go quickly through the numbers:
Yearly revenue growth from 40k€ to 200k€ to 300k€
20 million EUR of exchange volume to date
Approx. 1 million EUR traded each month through our services
25 000 unique customers, over 65 000 processed orders
Funding target minimum 150k€, maximum 500k€
Company valuation is set at 2,75 million EUR
Here is what we have in store. Next week we are launching version 1 of our new "quick buy" Bitcoin service in Finland. This is something never before seen. The sheer lack of friction will be surprising, to say the least. Our new service doesn't ask for anything else than a Bitcoin address + amount and it's instant. With our payment partner we will be launching the same service in the UK soon after.
In the mid-term we have a project that involves processing Bitcoin transactions offline. Our method is unique, never-before-seen and has significant potential. It could help Bitcoin to be more reliable in the developed world and enable whole new possibilities in the developing world. We plan on publishing version 1 of this technology in Q3/2015.
In addition our future roadmap includes building a secure Bitcoin vault so that regular people can store their bitcoins safely and we are also looking at launching a Bitcoin ETF. For the ETF project we're looking for a banking level partner company.
We have a complete ecosystem approach where we are trying to provide all the necessary services for a closed loop Bitcoin economy. At the same time we do not want to waste resources on projects that do not generate any value. We are continuously developing our business strategy to find the "killer apps".
Often I'm asked how do we compete with major Bitcoin companies such as Coinbase? My view on this is that trying to copy their model and go head to head against a company with 100+ million in funding and an established brand in the space, would be difficult to say the least.
Our approach is to differentiate our services from those that exist. We want to create unique value propositions that no other company in the space can provide, least of all the companies with a more known brand than ours.
With Bittiraha.fi we differentiated ourselves with the approach of a complete local ecosystem. Our Bitcoin portal has everything a Bitcoin user in Finland needs: information, news, blogs, forums, exchange services, bill pay services, wage pay services, merchant services - all in the Finnish language.
For our exchange services there is one aspect we focus on the most. That is lack of friction. We want to burden the user with registrations, forms and processes as little as possible. With our upcoming quick buy service we are taking this approach to the extreme - and we believe this is something the Bitcoin economy desperately needs. Ease of use.
We are seriously looking at the internationalization of our company. We have multiple international players joining our company advisory board. One of them is working as head of global strategy at a Finnish company with multi billion EUR revenue. Our advisory board has significant contacts especially in the developing markets which are at our disposal for our future internationalization projects.
We are aiming to grow and to seriously challenge the other large players in this industry.
If you are interested in investing, check our crowdfunding profile at Invesdor. Our share issue is open until the 20th of May. I'm available for questions & discussion with any interested parties.
Henry Brade
hbrade@prasos.fi
+358415014485
One former union boss has a bold idea on how to ensure economic stability in the U.S. — give every citizen $1,000 a month.
While the idea of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) is not necessarily a new one, Andy Stern believes their plan is important now because of "tectonic shifts" in the labor market that will see more and more workers replaced by robots.
"In order to make sure that everyone has a floor — something they can't fall below, that we end poverty once and for all — let's give everyone a check," the former president of the Service Employees International Union said in a recent interview with CNBC's " "In order to make sure that everyone has a floor — something they can't fall below, that we end poverty once and for all — let's give everyone a check," the former president of the Service Employees International Union said in a recent interview with CNBC's " Power Lunch ."
Income inequality continues to be one of the urgent topics in the public discourse. There were 46.7 million people living in poverty in 2014, according to Income inequality continues to be one of the urgent topics in the public discourse. There were 46.7 million people living in poverty in 2014, according to the latest data from U.S. Census Bureau . The poverty threshold was $12,331 a year for an individual under 65 and $15,871 for a two-adult household during that time.
© Provided by CNBC
Still, there is wide disagreement about how to alleviate poverty, whether the government should redistribute income to address it — or whether it's really a problem in the first place. Economists at the libertarian think tank Cato Institute recently argued that the Still, there is wide disagreement about how to alleviate poverty, whether the government should redistribute income to address it — or whether it's really a problem in the first place. Economists at the libertarian think tank Cato Institute recently argued that the income gap was being 'misperceived" by a range of factors that are being misinterpreted by the public.
Yet Stern, who is a senior fellow at Columbia University and author of "Raising the Floor," argues the debate is being shifted by concerns about the rise of artificial intelligence and the displacement of workers.
The The World Economic Forum projects more than 5 million jobs in 15 leading countries will be lost by 2020, thanks to disruptive labor market changes, including the increased use of robots. Additionally, according to a 2013 Oxford study, 47 percent of U.S. jobs were at risk of being automated in the next two decades.
"A tsunami of change may be coming and we would be crazy to not look at the warning signs and figure out a plan," said Stern. "I'm not betting my kids life that this time is going to be the same as ever before. I'm not sure that's true."
The idea was also The idea was also rejected in Switzerland earlier this month, when voters decided against a basic income plan. It was the first country to hold a referendum on the issue, but others including Finland are examining similar plans.
Stern, however, is undeterred, and has an answer for those who are concerned about the cost to the government. They would cut some of the government's 126 programs that already pay out cash.
However, they suggest Social Security should remain intact.
"I'm not saying we end all of them but certainly a lot of them. That's the basis of how we can fund this kind of program," they said. "We're going to have to change the welfare system going forward."
— CNBC's Kerima Greene contributed to this report.
The DEA just walked back its decision to temporarily label 'kratom' as a schedule 1 drug alongside heroin and other highly addictive opioids. Does it deserve that label? (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post)
The comments -- more than 22,000 -- rolled in fast and furious on the federal proposal to temporarily ban the natural drug kratom.
The plant is at the center of a fierce battle between the Drug Enforcement Administration and advocates who say kratom is a safer alternative to the powerful opiates that have fueled a nationwide addiction crisis. While little known in the United States, the plant has been used in Southeast Asia for centuries as a stimulant and pain reliever.
The DEA delayed its plan to temporarily ban the drug this fall after receiving a wave of backlash. It opened up a public comment period that ended at midnight, calling on citizens and experts to publish their thoughts on a federal website.
"I am [a] 62 yrs old veteran and have suffered from Depression, anxiety & PTSD all my life," wrote one commenter, identifying themselves as Tom Uhas. "If Kratom is banned by the DEA my quality of life will decrease tremendously."
"Please don't ban kratom," Saundra Geer pleaded. "It's the one natural alternative to opioids that I can take for my severely chronic fibromyalgia, RSD, and several other chronic pain diseases or illnesses."
"Kratom saved my life," Matthew Roe wrote bluntly. "Before finding kratom I was a functioning alcoholic and I barely made it to work because of the daily hangovers which plagued my waking life."
After trying kratom, "I felt normal, I felt functional," Roe added.
A relative of the coffee plant, kratom at higher doses has effects similar to opiates. Advocates say the plant — typically crushed and mixed or brewed with water — relieves severe pain and helps them overcome addictions to powerful prescription painkillers.
Researchers just recently wised up to the drug, which appears to come with fewer harmful side effects than opioids and a diminished risk of dependency.
In the DEA's view, the drug posed "an imminent hazard to the public safety." The agency cited a spike in poison control center calls involving kratom use, as well as 15 fatalities over three years that may have been linked to use of the drug.
The DEA announced its intent to temporarily place the drug into Schedule 1 of the Controlled Substances Act last summer, effectively banning its use and sale. The move also would grind research into the drug to a halt.
But the backlash against the move from kratom users, researchers and even lawmakers caught the DEA by surprise, and in a turnabout that drug policy experts called "shocking," the agency put off the temporary ban.
The American Kratom Association rallied users and defenders of the drug to share their comments with the DEA and contracted addiction specialist Jack Henningfield, of Johns Hopkins University, to research the drug's effects.
Henningfield, working with the drug policy consulting group Pinney Associates, produced a 127-page analysis that concludes that placing kratom under the DEA's jurisdiction as part of the Controlled Substances Act "is not warranted from a public health perspective and is more likely to cause public health problems that do not presently exist."
Instead, Henningfield and their colleagues argue that kratom should be regulated as a natural supplement, such as St. Johns Wort or Valerian, under the FDA's Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.
Henningfield's analysis reviewed the extant literature and evidence on the drug following the same eight-factor framework the DEA uses to make its scheduling decisions. It considers factors such as abuse potential, the history of its use, the health impact of using the drug, and the drug's effects.
Kratom's effects "are generally mild and caffeine stimulant-like at lower dosages," the analysis concludes. "Consumption does not typically interfere with work or social activities and commitments."
Kratom also doesn't appear to carry the same life-threatening side effects that other drugs have: "There appear to be remarkably low risk of serious adverse effects from kratom consumption as compared to opioids and other common drugs of abuse," Henningfield and their colleagues wrote. They also note a "total absence" of reports of kratom poisonings among children under 6, stemming from "a combination of the low toxicity of kratom" and "the distastefulness of the products."
There also appears to be diminishing returns to taking kratom at higher doses, which would seem to limit the potential for abuse and dependency on the drug: "In contrast to the effects of increasing the dose of substances of high abuse potential (e.g., opioids, stimulants, and sedatives), increasing the dose of kratom is more likely to produce undesirable gastrointestinal effects, constipation, and lethargy, and little additional mood enhancement."
If the drug were banned, it would likely create "a substantial illicit market" to meet the demand of consumers who still want to use it, the report noted. Such a market "would be more likely to harm public health than to maintain appropriate access through the lawfully regulated marketplace."
Kratom users applauded the findings. But not all experts have a rosy outlook on the drug.
Addiction specialist David Galbis-Reig wrote in October that kratom has been banned in its native Thailand for decades because of its alleged abuse potential. Given that research into the drug is still in its infancy, "the Drug Enforcement Administration should classify it as a Schedule 1 Controlled Substance pending further scientific investigations that corroborate its potential medical benefits," Galbis-Reig wrote.
The American Medical Association says it "supports legislative or regulatory efforts to prohibit the sale or distribution of Kratom in the United States which do not inhibit proper scientific research."
A quick perusal of the comments submitted to the DEA suggests a near-unanimous opposition to any ban of the drug, testament in part to the American Kratom Association's efforts to rally the drug's users to the cause.
Russell Baer, a DEA spokesperson, said the agency has received "a few comments supporting DEA's action and associations asking for more research." They note that the volume of comments has been high compared to other recent DEA rulemaking efforts: When the DEA moved opiate painkiller hydrocodone from Schedule 3 to Schedule 2 of the Controlled Substances Act, it received about 500 comments from the public, Baer said.
After reviewing the comments, the DEA will decide whether to regulate kratom under the Controlled Substances Act. The DEA doesn't yet have a timeline for that process, Baer said.
This story has been updated.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Anil Swarup is just the kind of man Prime Minister Narendra Modi is relying on to fix India - a high-flying civil servant with a taste for complex policy and swift decisions.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi (C, wearing orange shawl) waves as they take part in a run for unity after flagging it off to mark the birth anniversary of Indian freedom fighter and a lawmaker Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, in New Delhi October 31, 2014. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Modi has drawn trusted bureaucrats into a tight embrace. Interviews with two dozen sources, including close aides, reveal that key decisions are now thrashed out between their office and civil servants, often at the expense of ministerial authority.
Swarup sees a golden era for those willing to rise to the challenge. In their case that means ending coal shortages that keep much of India in the dark, a top priority for Modi.
In a series of meetings with civil servants, often without the ministers they nominally report to, Modi has urged bold decisions and promised all the help they need.
“He has given a virtual carte blanche. Go and do it,” Swarup told Reuters. However, they did not say the responsibility handed to them had come at the expense of ministers.
Such moves, along with disciplinary innovations such as finger scanners to track attendance, have helped break a logjam in decision-making that undermined the last government, spawned corruption scandals and soured the investment climate.
Modi's style also lessens dissent from potential rivals, helping them capture power to a degree not seen since Indira Gandhi ruled India with an iron fist 30 years ago.
Critics call it authoritarian and say they are weakening India's collegiate cabinet system. Some in government caution that in a country as complex as India, over-centralization can lead to new bottlenecks.
The government denies there is interference in the ministries, saying Modi's role is to facilitate policy.
“There is one misconception - the PMO (Prime Minister's Office) does not issue direction to the ministries,” Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said.
“MIDNIGHT MASSACRES”
The shakeup started as soon as Modi took office six months ago, when they declared “all important policy issues” part of their portfolio. They quickly took control of bureaucratic appointments, cutting ministers out of the loop.
Since September, there have been three major reshuffles in the civil service, all closely overseen by Modi and their core team. Top officials have woken to find themselves thrust into the limelight, or shunted into administrative backwaters.
A cabinet expansion on Sunday and a new finance ministry team advised by leading economist Arvind Subramanian should boost the capacity and intellectual heft of the government.
Yet not everyone is happy with the new order.
Those on the wrong side of reshuffles dub them “midnight massacres” that have slowed policies. Survivors murmur they are scared to take decisions that might anger Modi.
A program to sell stakes in state-owned companies worth $9.5 billion has barely started, in part because Modi purged the top team of bureaucrats at the finance ministry before bringing in Subramanian.
Tales of cabinet members' clipped wings abound.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has been weakened, ministry officials say, since rumors swirled that their son was influence peddling. Modi publicly denied those rumors and backed Singh, but has kept them on the back foot since.
When heavy shelling broke out between home ministry border troops and Pakistani Rangers in October, Singh was hardly consulted.
“The PMO is directly communicating with officers. Rajnath is a mere decorative figure in the ministry,” said one senior home ministry official. Singh ranks second in the government, but has been silent at cabinet meetings, another official said.
Home ministry spokesperson K.S. Dhatwalia said Singh was actively involved in decision-making.
“I rule out the rumors,” Dhatwalia said. “He is always busy. From morning to night they work very hard and is consulted on all important matters.”
GUJARAT MODEL
Modi's preference to work with the bureaucracy and junior ministers was honed during 12 years as chief minister of Gujarat. Now they want to replicate that model, sources said.
“He is aware that it cannot be done immediately but you have to drive the policy,” said Saurabh Patel, Gujarat's oil minister who worked closely with Modi.
As in Gujarat, Modi controls communication, limits media access and brands major policies as their own. Their control of the Bharatiya Janata Party is also extensive, with the old guard sidelined and their closest aide installed as party president.
Many Indians voted for firm leadership, after the scandal-tainted administration of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty.
“He feels that we have been so weakened that they have to be in control,” said Manjeet Kripalani, founder of the Gateway House think-tank.
But concerns remain that centralization and pressure to move quickly have led to ill-advised decisions, including one likely to cross Swarup's desk.
Under pressure to reduce India's reliance on imports, coal minister Piyush Goyal ordered the opening of the Amrapali mine in the eastern state of Jharkhand - the first major pit to open in five years.
There was only one problem: the mine is 85 km (53 miles) from the nearest railway, at the end of a rutted track, making it expensive to transport the coal. As a result, there are few customers, officials told Reuters.
“The pressure is to just produce without having facilities to evacuate coal,” said an official at Coal India, who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue.
2013 box set by The Clash
Sound System is a box set collection by The Clash released in September 2013.[1][2] The box contains the band's studio albums (minus their final album; Cut the Crap) newly re-mastered by Mick Jones, with a further three discs featuring demos, non-album singles, rarities and B-sides, a DVD with previously unseen footage by both Don Letts and Julien Temple, original promo videos and live footage, plus an owner's manual booklet, reprints of the band's original 'Armagideon Times' fanzine and merchandise including dog tags, badges, stickers and a poster. The boom box packaging was designed by Paul Simonon. The set was released simultaneously with 5 Album Studio Set, which contains only the five studio albums, and the greatest hits package titled The Clash Hits Back.
In a September 2013 interview, Mick Jones announced the box sets and hits package will be the final time they work on anything involving The Clash and their music. "I'm not even thinking about any more Clash releases. This is it for me, and I say that with an exclamation mark." Jones said.[3]
Remastering [ edit ]
Clash guitarist, Mick Jones, who oversaw the re-mastering said "The concept of the whole thing is the best box set ever. Re-mastering's a really amazing thing. That was the musical point of it all, because there's so much there that you wouldn't have heard before. It was like discovering stuff, because the advances in mastering are so immense since the last time [the Clash catalogue] was remastered in the 90s."
All the music has been remastered from the original tapes, Jones said. "We had to bake the tapes beforehand – the oxide on them is where the music is, so if you don't put them in the oven and bake them, that all falls off, because they're so old."
Bassist Simonon highlighted a guitar line on "Safe European Home", from the band's second album Give 'Em Enough Rope, saying he'd never even heard it before. "It's probably some session musician, while I was asleep," Jones joked.
Reception [ edit ]
PopMatters journalist J.C. Maçek III wrote "The initial interest may come in the fact that the packaging looks like a classic Boom Box emblazoned with “THE CLASH” in a military stencil with the overall box decorated in a Combat Rock reminiscent camouflage. This is definitely a visual treat for Clash fans to add to their mantle."[7]
Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone said "It takes a band as myth-saturated as the Clash to live up to a career-summing box as ambitious as this one. But Joe Strummer and their crew of London gutter-punk romantics fit the bill."[8]
The Telegraph's Patrick Sawer wrote "The tracks, remastered by the band's guitarist Mick Jones and Tim Young (who won a Grammy for their work on the Beatles 2006 ‘Love' album), sound fresh as ever, crisper even. Jones, the official muso of the band, said that during the remastering process they discovered guitar lines they couldn't remember and previously buried instrumental details certainly stand out – along with Strummer's biting ad-libs."[10]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted..
All tracks written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted. All lead vocals by Strummer, except "Stay Free" by Jones..
All tracks written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted.
All tracks written by The Clash, except where noted.
All tracks written by The Clash, except where noted.
Sound System extras disc 2 (1 CD) No. Title Lead vocals Length 1. "The Magnificent Dance" (Dance remix of "The Magnificent Seven") Joe Strummer 5:36 2. "Midnight To Stevens" Joe Strummer 4:36 3. "Radio One" Mikey Dread 6:17 4. "Stop The World" Joe Strummer 2:32 5. "The Cool Out" (Dub version of "The Call Up") Instrumental 3:53 6. "This Is Radio Clash" Joe Strummer 4:11 7. "Radio Clash" Joe Strummer 4:11 8. "First Night Back in London" Joe Strummer 2:59 9. "Rock The Casbah" (Bob Clearmountain 12" mix) Joe Strummer 3:42 10. "Long Time Jerk" Joe Strummer 5:08 11. "The Beautiful People Are Ugly Too" (Combat Rock outtake; Previously Unreleased) Joe Strummer 3:46 12. "Idle In Kangaroo Court" (Combat Rock outtake listed as Kill Time; Previously Unreleased) Joe Strummer 5:04 13. "Ghetto Defendant" (Unedited version; Previously Unreleased) Joe Strummer/Allen Ginsberg 6:13 14. "Cool Confusion" Joe Strummer 3:12 15. "Sean Flynn" (Extended 'Marcus Music' version; Previously Unreleased) Joe Strummer 7:22 16. "Straight to Hell" Clash on Broadway) (Extended unedited version from Joe Strummer 6:50
Sound System extras disc 3 (1 CD) No. Title Lead vocals Length 1. "I'm So Bored With The U.S.A." (first ever recording session at Beaconsfield Film School 1976 produced by Julian Temple) Joe Strummer 2:22 2. "London's Burning" (first ever recording session at Beaconsfield Film School 1976 produced by Julian Temple (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 1:57 3. "White Riot" (first ever recording session at Beaconsfield Film School 1976 produced by Julian Temple) Joe Strummer 1:53 4. "1977" (first ever recording session at Beaconsfield Film School 1976 produced by Julian Temple (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 1:50 5. "Janie Jones" (second ever recording session November 1976, Polydor demos produced by Guy Stevens) Joe Strummer 2:05 6. "Career Opportunities" (second ever recording session November 1976, Polydor demos produced by Guy Stevens) Joe Strummer 1:53 7. "London's Burning" (second ever recording session November 1976, Polydor demos produced by Guy Stevens (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 1:58 8. "1977" (second ever recording session November 1976, Polydor demos produced by Guy Stevens (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 1:40 9. "White Riot" (second ever recording session November 1976, Polydor demos produced by Guy Stevens (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 1:58 10. "City of the Dead" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978) Joe Strummer 2:55 11. "Jail Guitar Doors" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978 (Previously Unreleased)) Mick Jones 3:02 12. "English Civil War" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978) Joe Strummer 2:31 13. "Stay Free" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978 (Previously Unreleased)) Mick Jones 3:27 14. "Cheapskates" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978 (Previously Unreleased)) Joe Strummer 3:12 15. "I Fought the Law" (Live at The Lyceum , London 28 December 1978) Joe Strummer 2:25
Tracks 10–15 from Sound System extras disc 3 are incorrectly credited as dating from December 1979.
All tracks written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted.
All tracks written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, except where noted.
Bonus DVD [ edit ]
Julien Temple Archive - 6:15
White Riot Promo Film (Promo and interview with Tony Parsons) - 7:11
1977
White Riot
London's Burning
Sussex University '77 - 8:29 (previously unreleased)
I'm So Bored with the USA
Hate & War
Career Opportunities
Remote Control
Don Letts Super 8 Medley - 11:45
White Riot
Janie Jones
City of the Dead
Clash City Rockers
White Man in Hammersmith Palais
1977
Clash on Broadway - 22:31
London Calling
This Is Radio Clash
The Magnificent Seven
The Guns of Brixton
Safe European Home
Promo Videos - 37:37
Tommy Gun
London Calling
Bankrobber
Clampdown (Live)
Train in Vain (Live)
The Call Up
Rock the Casbah
Radio Clash
Should I Stay or Should I Go (Live at Shea Stadium)
Career Opportunities (Live at Shea Stadium)
Personnel [ edit ]
Charts [ edit ]
Chart Peak
position Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders)[11] 99 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Wallonia)[12] 99 UK Albums (OCC)[13] 53
The Trump Administration and Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos have submitted their attention-getting budget request. Consistent with the credo of budget balancers, the proposed allocation reduces the current budget of $68.2 billion by about $9 billion. In keeping with DeVos's career and reputation, the budget includes a relatively small allotment of $400 million to support school choice for low income children and charter schools. The idea is that this amount would grow in succeeding years and perhaps supersede other approaches to improving education in the United States.
Both facts, the lower amount of funding and the dollars for school choice, highlight concerns raised by DeVos's detractors. When they were nominated, public education advocates complained that their status as a school choice advocate is at odds with the mission of the Department of Education. If school choice effectively functions as a standing critique of public education as well as being a potential solution to problems evident in the current system, how can public school advocates ever approve of an appointee like Betsy DeVos?
That question leads to others. What is the mission of the Department of Education? And if that mission is defined as advancing public education in the United States in a particular way, then does any elected president have the right to appoint a reformer who may alter the mission or bring a substantially new philosophy of how it might be achieved? Unless we answer those questions in the negative, then we elevate a particular vision of public school education to the level of a substantive right required by the constitution. Worse, we would foreclose any real chance of innovation and reform.
Canadians can now submit their names for possible nomination to the Senate, with new changes announced by the Liberal government on Thursday.
Under an interim process announced by the Liberals in December, potential senators had to be nominated by a community organization. But Canadians are now able to apply directly to fill vacancies in the Senate.
In a statement, Maryam Monsef, the minister of democratic institutions, said opening the application process to all Canadians is "an important innovation that not only better involves Canadians in our parliamentary democracy, but also enhances transparency."
In addition, the Liberal government announced the names of eight new members of the independent advisory board that submits a short list of candidates to the prime minister for consideration. The new members — two each from the provinces of British Columbia, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island — include:
Anne Giardini, chancellor of Simon Fraser University.
Vikram Vij, chef and entrepreneur.
Roxanne Tarjan, former executive director of the Nurses Association of New Brunswick.
Donald J. Savoie, scholar of public policy and public administration.
Jennifer Gillivan, president and CEO of the IWK Health Centre Foundation in Nova Scotia.
Dr. Ramona Lumpkin, president and vice-chancellor of Mount Saint Vincent University.
Chief Brian Francis of the Abegweit First Nation in Prince Edward Island.
Jeannette Arsenault, entrepreneur and business owner.
Those eight will join the board members already named for Ontario, Manitoba and Quebec and at the federal level.
There are currently 19 vacancies in the Senate and an additional vacancy will be created in August when Michel Rivard of Quebec reaches the mandatory retirement age of 75.
The deadline for applying to fill those vacancies is Aug. 4.
Requirements for becoming a senator
By order of the Constitution, potential applicants must be over the age of 30 and must have $4,000 worth of property in the jurisdiction they wish to represent (or be willing to purchase that amount of property before their appointment).
Within the application form, individuals are told that they must possess certain "knowledge, personal qualities and qualifications related to the role of the Senate" and space is provided to explain (to a maximum of 1,000 words) how the applicant meets those standards.
Applicants are asked whether they have been convicted of a criminal offence for which they have not been granted a pardon and whether they are or have been involved in any activity or conduct "which would conflict with, or could reasonably be perceived as being in conflict with, the principles and standards expected in public life and which, if disclosed publicly, would negatively impact the non-partisan and merit-based perception of your appointment to the Senate or the reputation of the Senate as a public institution."
Prospective senators must also provide a curriculum vitae and three letters of reference.
During last year's federal campaign, the Liberals promised to implement a new non-partisan process for appointing senators. The first seven of those appointments were made earlier this year.
Thirty cadets injured in bloody pillow fight at prestigious West Point military academy
Posted
Thirty cadets at the prestigious US Military Academy in New York state have been left injured after a traditional pillow fight turned bloody.
The brawl left 24 young cadets with concussions, the West Point academy told the New York Times, after reports that some stuffed their pillows with hard objects.
A total of 30 cadets were injured, and students reported that the list of wounds included one broken leg as well as dislocated shoulders.
The yearly right of passage at the academy is meant to foster class spirit and celebrate the first-year "plebe" class's completion of its rigorous summer training.
However, the August 20 pillow fight took a turn for the worse when some cadets reportedly stuffed the helmets they were encouraged to wear during the fracas inside their pillow cases.
"Mitigating measures" had been put in place by the upperclassmen who oversaw the event, such as requiring cadets to wear helmets, academy spokesperson Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher Kasker told the Times.
Video posted on YouTube showed several hundred students vigorously socking each other with pillows during the free-for-all in a courtyard.
Pictures of bloodied cadets were also posted on Twitter.
"West Point applauds the cadets' desire to build esprit and regrets the injuries to our cadets," Lieutenant-Colonel Kasker said.
"We are conducting appropriate investigations into the causes of the injuries."
No disciplinary measures have been taken against the cadets and there were no plans to end the yearly brawl, the Times said.
Some cadets told the paper that one student who was knocked unconscious had not yet returned to class, however Lieutenant-Colonel Kasker insisted all cadets were back on duty.
West Point has a long history of pillow fights, dating back to at least 1897, the Times added.
The military academy's 2013 fight was cancelled after a cadet put a lockbox in a pillow case the previous year, it said.
AFP
Topics: offbeat, human-interest, defence-forces, united-states
A Hilo High School teacher who invited longtime Christian peace activist, Jim Albertini, to speak to several classes about public participation in democracy, has been told they will be barred from meeting in the school library unless “the presentation will be strictly informational with zero negative slants” about U.S. military or foreign policy.
The restriction on library use was bluntly stated in an email on Friday from librarian Amy Okuyama to Joseph Watts, the teacher who organized Albertini's appearance on campus.
Okuyama wrote:
Thank you for this outline of your speaker's topic and your class objectives. I welcome any speaker in the library for educational purposes. But in this case, the speaker is a “well known activist”, and (I now find out that) the topic is the military. As a “military mom”, I request that the speaker stick to the topic as described here, and not deviate to personal negative opinions/attacks on the military, its actions, or its presence anywhere, with instructions on how students can or should protest the military, etc. in any manner. I can't opt out of my library and be forced out of my own work site and I won't be subjected to anti-military speeches as had once occurred w/another speaker in here. My son was deployed at the time and it was extremely upsetting to me; Mr. Dircks said they wouldn't permit it to happen that way again.
Okuyama's email, as well as Watts reply, are posted on the website maintained by Malu ‘Aina, an organic farm and “spiritual community” near Hilo founded by Albertini three decades ago.
Okuyama's position appears contrary to the Department of Education's “Student Bill of Rights and Responsibilities” adopted way back in 1974, which guarantees freedom of expression and communication:
Students shall have the right to hear and express publicly, various points of view on subjects without fear of reprisal or penalty.
Watts responded that the teachers would move Albertini's presentation back into their classrooms if necessary.
It doesn't appear that Hilo Principal Robert Dircks has yet taken a position on the controversy despite Okuyama's reference. Hopefully he'll take steps necessary to assure students have the opportunity to hear dissenting views.
Albertini's response was straightforward:
My presentations will be critical of the military presence in Hawaii and U.S. wars abroad and I hope to instill critical thinking and questioning in students as well, even of my own presentation. Does speaking out for peace and being critical of government policies constitute “negative viewpoints?” To me, respectful dialogue is an important part of participation in a democracy. I hope I can encourage and motivate students to become responsible, politically engaged citizens, and speak out for justice, peace, and the future of their world. I would suggest that if this is not acceptable in the Hilo H.S. library, we switch the site of my presentations.
Then they added a good question:
I wonder if military recruiters and ROTC instructors have similar difficulties making presentations.
Just last month Sugar Bytes released the astounding port of Turnado for iPad and today they bring us another direct port of their powerful Thesys sequencer! Once again all the features of the VST are here plus: Audiobus, JACK, VirtualMIDI and even a synth!
Thesys iTunes Description: Thesys is an extremely powerful and intuitive MIDI stepsequencer app, giving you control over just about all aspects of your favorite MIDI devices. Use Thesys to create varied and organic bass lines, screaming leads, pulsating chords, and organic pad sounds in the studio or on stage. For live musicians, Thesys provides an extremely versatile palette of performance options which can be triggered right from your MIDI keyboard: you can transpose, manipulate, twist up, mutate, and mangle your patterns without even getting near your iPad. No other MIDI sequencer plugin offers you the ease and power of Thesys. It is 100% MIDI compliant and therefore provides the ultimate MIDI sequencing solution. iPad Edition Features: Midifile Export
Integrated Synth
Audiobus Support (Sender)
Full Midi Support (Virtual, Network, Extern)
Midi Clock Sync (Master & Slave)
Action Section (Gatetime, Looper, Slowdown...)
Pattern Sequencer
Jack iOS Support
Zoom
I was playing with Thesys quite a lot this morning and I'm blown away by the amount of creative control offered here. Although it is designed for sequencing only 1 synth/app/misc. gear at a time, it does so with control over 8 assignable MIDI CC modulations, tons of performance controls for immediatly changing up your patterns, and even supports polyrhythmic sequencing. Polyrhythms are created when you have different sequence lengths playing against one another. This means that you could have a sequence of 8 notes, but a modulation sequence of 32, so that 1 bar pattern would evolve and change over the course of 4 bars. The performance controls can also be sequenced in an elaborate way that would be difficult to describe, so I advise you just hit the Random button on the side for a quick demo of how much can change in your patterns there.
Unfortunately like Turnado with great power comes great UI hurdles, and manipulating the tiny on-screen controls can be tricky. It's a trade off; they either give us all the goodies or gimp it for iOS. I think they made the right choice by offering us the complete package, and we'll just have to get used to using the Zoom function. The power of polyrhythmic sequencing is something we haven't seen before in iOS sequencers, and I'm very excited to explore this with iPad synths! Since Thesys has Audiobus support (as an Input) you get the Audiobus connection panel controls to start or stop your sequences from inside other apps!
There are no iPad specific demo videos yet, but here is a tutorial for the PC/Mac version to help get you going.
