A Colorado county has achieved the unusual distinction of becoming the first place in the world to offer college scholarships funded entirely by marijuana money.
Last week in Colorado's Pueblo County, voters cast their ballot on a number of proposals, with almost all of them “having something to do with marijuana,” according to Time. More remarkable was the fact that more than sixty percent of voters approved a measure that will phase in an increase in taxes — 5 percent by 2020 — on marijuana growers to fund college scholarships and other community projects. If we were to consider the total marijuana money available to lawmakers, the Colorado ballot measure allows them to spend $66.1 million in taxes collected from the sale of recreational marijuana.
null
According to WTKR, half of the taxes will go towards funding college scholarships in Colorado. This is first time that any administration in the world will offer college scholarships to its students funded by marijuana money.
Paris Carmichael, a spokesperson for Pueblo County, said that marijuana taxes will go towards funding scholarships for high school graduates in Pueblo to attend local colleges, and based on its outcome, the program could be expanded in the future.
“The whole point of the scholarship program was to make higher education a reality for families who can't afford to send their kids to school because of debt.”
Administrators in Colorado have expressed optimism over the program, charting out the number of students who are to directly make use of the first round of the funding. Almost 400 students will be awarded $1,000 each year thanks to marijuana-tax scholarships, but the exact payout and number of recipients will vary based on the number of applications.
But while marijuana taxes have surely filled state coffers, some administrators believe the challenge for Colorado has only just begun. Tyler Henson, the president of the Colorado Cannabis Chamber of Commerce, said it is important that the state regulate marijuana usage in such a way that prospective students do not lose their way.
“It'll be interesting to see how we balance that, telling kids to stay away from these products until they're 21 but creating a reliance on the product paying for their schooling.”
null
Apart from funding college scholarships, voters also voted on the other ways they would want the marijuana taxes to be spent. According to Denver Post, the the most popular choice has been using the money for construction of schools, while a substantial $12 million has been earmarked for youth and substance-abuse programs in the state.
Ever since Pueblo County in Colorado announced its plans to fund college scholarships using marijuana taxes, there has been some hue and cry in political circles about the move. Some allege that things like school construction and college scholarships have been tied with marijuana money so that voters inevitably end up voting in its favor, as was the case when voters cast their vote to make the drug legal in Colorado in the first place.
“The original proponents of Amendment 64 were very clever… to tie pot taxes to school construction, even though the two have zero to do with each other,” Mike Krause, a spokesperson for Independence Institute, said about the choice available to voters. “It made it an easy choice for a lot of voters.”
However, advocates of the program say making such remarks is only a means for detractors to divert the attention from the central issue, which is, whether or not marijuana money can be used for the development of youngsters in the state, of which funding college scholarships is only one measure. And if that — only that — is taken into consideration, it does seem like Colorado is making the right choices at the moment.
[Photo by Chris Hondros / Getty Images]
Shadowhawk
Shadowhawk takes a look at the sequel to Stephanie Saulter's fantastic near-future AI debut from last year.
“When a debut is as awesome as Gemsigns was last year, you expect the debut to be even better. Binary doesn't quite come across as fantastic as its predecessor, but it is still one of the best SF books I've read to date. Lots more industrial intrigue and politics this time, which are all just fascinating in the extreme.“ ~Shadowhawk, The Founding Fields
For me, Gemsigns was quite a phenomenal novel that dealt with the ethical and moral implications of accepting genetically modified humans as a part of “normal” society and culture. In the near-future setting that author Stephanie Saulter conjured up, Mankind underwent a serious disease that threatened the very survival of the species, and out of this the GemTechs were born, who created a new species of humans free of any genetic markers conducive to this disease and all whom could serve as a servant class to get Mankind back on its feet. That these “gems” each had different abilities and powers depending on their function in this new bold new society, was just an aftermath of all that. In light of some recent conspiracy reveals and what not, the world government forbids the GemTechs from creating any more gems and to send all their genestock in permanent storage and abandon that line of development altogether. Out of this, we saw in Gemsigns who the gems struggled to become a part of the very society that they had formerly served and the positive and negative reactions of the “norms”, who were normal only in that they lacked the abilities of the gems and were all naturally-conceived, albeit minus the genetic markers conducive to the disease mentioned previously.
And that was the thrust of Gemsigns and Stephanie Saulter did an unexpectedly superb job of exploring that entire angle. Going into Binary, I was expecting something similar, and I wasn't exactly disappointed, though perhaps that is more down to the subject matter than anything. Binary continues along the path of the exploration of the ethics and morals of gems and norms integrating, but it also deals much more with the histories of the two main characters, the hero Aryel Morningstar who is the leader of the gems in London, and the villain Zavka Klist who is the owner of the GemTech company Bel'Natur.
Right off the bat, the second part of the novel's purpose is the most fascinating thing on display in this novel. Stephanie builds on these two characters, and they explore how they came to be who they are at this point in time. With Aryel, most of their story is revealed through flashbacks and with Zavka, most of their story unfolds in the present time, with some really shocking twists in the climax of the novel. We see that the pasts of these characters are inherently connected to each other and so are their fates, because they have a much deeper connection to each other than we got to find out in Gemsigns. Much of the novel is from their perspective therefore, and I loved every moment of it. I honestly could have continued on for another 100 or pages, seeing these two women interact, but sadly the novel was only so long.
The first part of the novel's purpose, or the overall plot, deals with the segregation of the gems and norms, and this is a much more subtle plot in the novel, though at times it is also quite obvious. First, we have a norm-gem married couple in the novel, Officer Sharon Varsi of the London police and the gem leader Mikal Varsi. In the novel, we see how Sharon has to face a lot of hostility from their colleagues because of their marriage, and how they manage to rise above that, successfully as it turns out.  They are somewhat of a primary character in the novel although much of their time is spent navigating the mystery of a genestock theft that could have some serious repercussions for both gems and norms alike. With Mikal we see how they are elected to be a city councilman, a campaigner for their people and the poster-boy for eliminating the rift between gems and norms. Both these characters I enjoyed and would truly have loved to see more of.
Then we have Eli Walker himself, who was a primary character in Gemsigns but takes a bit of a backseat in Binary, with their role shifting from academic and moral research into “how human gems are” and changing to uncovering the true goings-on at Bel'Natur once Zavka Klist comes to Aryel to request the services of their people for a project at their company. In the process they become conversant with a significant portion of Bel'Natur's shady history and this is where the novel turns from the cerebral and ethical into being a mystery thriller of sorts. And this was equally good as all the other plotlines in Binary.
Despite all the good stuff that is packed into this novel, despite all the things that Stephanie Saulter gets right in this sequel, there are still moments where I felt that Binary was just not on the same level as Gemsigns. Part of that was because the novel seemed a bit more intricate this time and thus the pacing suffered. There were some chapters where I struggled to understand what was going on and had to reread certain portions to be clear that I had understood that portion of the text and could then figure out where it was all going to. Additionally, the climax seemed a bit too simplistic and convenient, which wasn't something I expected, not by far. So in that respect, Binary doesn't come close to being as… phenomenal as Gemsigns was, and perhaps that is because the two novels have a different focus to each other.
But, I should point out that the novel is still pretty damn good, and given all the things that Stephanie gets right, it is also a pretty legit sequel to the author's first novel. The setting is one that I love and the same goes for the characters as well, who are all fascinating to one degree or another. And they really can surprise as you move through the story and towards the shocking twists at the end, which really prove to be something unique despite their… convenience.
And in that vein, Binary is certainly a novel that I would recommend to everyone. You could even pick it up as you first Stephanie Saulter novel and not go back to read Gemsigns, although I would strongly suggest that you read the books in order so that you can get the full context of events in this novel and see how everything fits together. Plus reading the books in order is just a wonderful experience too, so there's that as well.
Rating: 8.5/10
More ®Evolution: Gemsigns.
Shadowhawk Shadowhawk is a regular contributor to TFF. A resident of Dubai, Shadowhawk reads, reads and reads. Their opinions are always clear and concise. Their articles always worth reading.
In a letter to the editor, professor Robert McAndrews (Salem State U.) wants to know what is stopping Obama from flinging open the gates to America for Syrians.
I would like to know that too (not that I want it! McAndrews obviously does), because in the face of lobbying pressure we haven't seen on the refugee front since they beat George Bush into submission on Iraqi refugees, Obama hasn't made a move that we know of.
McAndrews even points out that the deadline for Syrians in the US to sign up for Temporary Protected Status (TPS) has come and gone some months ago. Readers, they should take the word “temporary” out of TPS because how it works is that any Syrian in here for any reason when the turmoil began in Syria can apply for TPS and frankly stay forever! TPS is not supposed to be available for anyone sneaking in now.
Here is McAndrews' letter (Hat tip: ‘pungentpeppers'). We have been reporting on the media campaign to bring thousands of Syrians to the US this year, but something. or someone, is thankfully, so far, blocking the way.
From the Boston Globe:
The United Nations reports that there are more than 1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon and more than 600,000 in Jordan (“One million Syrian refugees flooding Lebanon,” April 4). The Assad regime has terrorized its citizens, killing more than 100,000 people and displacing 6.5 million of its citizens. The United States has generously provided nearly $2 billion in aid for humanitarian assistance for the refugees and displaced families. However, according to Human Rights First, the US government has provided only 121 refugee visas for Syrians to enter the United States. This is unconscionable. The message is: We will donate money to relief agencies, but we will not open our border to provide a safe haven for the refugees.
In addition, Citizenship and Immigration Services, the US agency responsible for the administration of granting temporary protected status for Syrians who are already here on a temporary visa, essentially closed the registration for initial filings in December. Does this make any sense?
The other option for Syrians in the United States is to apply for asylum, and thousands living here have done so. This can be a yearslong and legally arduous option, leaving asylum seekers in limbo and often without work authorization.
Syrian refugees need our help now, and the Obama administration must wake up to the moral urgency of this crisis.
LOL! Back in the Bush years, the last line of the letter wouldn't say ‘Bush administration,' it would have thrown the blame completely on George W. Bush personally!
As part of a broader roll out of better entertainment services, SmartGlass aims to improve the ability to use tablets and smartphones to better control the experience with the Xbox 360. The video goes on to show how internet sessions can be shared from Windows Phone 8 to the console, along with bouncing it back from the console to your tablet. It's looking awesome, check out the video after the break.
We wrote yesterday about the things to watch out for with the launch of Windows 8. One of those things was SmartGlass and Microsoft have now revealed more ahead of the launch. They have updated the Windows 8 apps and free streaming is now available for Xbox Music.
Samsung's ATIV S ushered into duty sharing a website with the Xbox..
During the video we can see a neat piece of integration between Windows Phone 8 on an ATIV S and the Xbox 360. While using IE on the phone they tap the context menu and selects share to Xbox, the browser session is sent over to the console and displays there. Text can be entered using the phones superior keyboard and gestures can be used to control the screen. Some of the features we have already seen but it's nice to see them working as we hit the final stages. After that we see how using SmartGlass app on the phone, it's possible to bring the browser session back to the tablet by pressing the Play Here button, launching IE on the tablet. In their words “one browsing session travelling across three screens, that's the magic of SmartGlass”.
Expanded reach of Xbox entertainment services
In the announcement, Microsoft are keen to show that Xbox is evolving beyond a single device to a set of entertainment services. At present their services only reach 35 countries that looks set to expand to 222 with the launch of Windows 8 later this week. Essentially, Microsoft is expanding the service to encompass more of the territories that they sell Windows in, after all, how else will new Xbox Music users get their six months of free streaming? Regardless of the console being present they are keen to leverage the Xbox brand to market their revamped music and video services. Taking their user base from 70 million consoles to practically every new PC sold.
More affordable Xbox for US customers
They also announce that from this fall, US customer will be able to take advantage of the “Entertainment For All” pricing plan (mentioned back in early May). It will allow consumers to grab an Xbox360 for $99 when they sign up for two years of Xbox Live subscription. It will be available at Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Toys R Us and the Microsoft Store.
SmartGlass and Xbox Music Windows 8 Apps updated
Got Windows 8? Free streaming starts now, ends in six months time!
Microsoft have pushed out updates to the Window 8 Xbox Music and SmartGlass apps today. Quick take, SmartGlass functionality is now complete as per the video walkthrough, allowing the web sessions to be taken from Xbox to Windows 8 etc.
Free Streaming (Starting from today) - Now allows you to stream artist's using Smart DJ or to select an Artist and play their content for free.
Xbox Music Cloud – “Keep music on this device in sync with other Xbox Music devices” and “when I add a song to my music on other devices, download here too”.
Previous Purchases - Also, as expected, all music purchased through Zune is now available to download thought Xbox Music to your tablet/PC or to simply stream.
Playback screen - Updated
Playing to other devices from Xbox Music on Windows 8
You can't use “Play To” from Xbox Music free streaming on your Windows 8 machine to send to your Xbox – you'll need to get the Music Pass for that.
You can send free streamed music to a Bluetooth device so it's not completely restricted.
Here are the key points of the announcement:
Navigate your Entertainment – Your phone and tablet will become the best remote controls in your house. Use the touch screen on your smartphone or tablet to control your Xbox 360, and use your devices to pause, rewind or advance entertainment.
Your phone and tablet will become the best remote controls in your house. Use the touch screen on your smartphone or tablet to control your Xbox 360, and use your devices to pause, rewind or advance entertainment. TV & Movies – With Xbox Video, start a TV show or movie on your Windows 8 tablet and finish it on the big screen through Xbox 360; see the names of cast and crew for the film you are watching and discover related films. To give you one example of what you can expect, coming next season, HBO GO's “Game of Thrones” will offer groundbreaking Xbox SmartGlass experiences.
With Xbox Video, start a TV show or movie on your Windows 8 tablet and finish it on the big screen through Xbox 360; see the names of cast and crew for the film you are watching and discover related films. To give you one example of what you can expect, coming next season, HBO GO's “Game of Thrones” will offer groundbreaking Xbox SmartGlass experiences. Sports – While watching the game, use a second screen to follow real-time stats, player bios, news and highlights you may have missed. All of this and more will be available for NBA Game Time, ESPN and UFC in the coming months.
While watching the game, use a second screen to follow real-time stats, player bios, news and highlights you may have missed. All of this and more will be available for NBA Game Time, ESPN and UFC in the coming months. Music – Control your Xbox Music experience on the TV using your smartphone or tablet, discover related artists and songs, cue up additional music, read artist bios and more.
Control your Xbox Music experience on the TV using your smartphone or tablet, discover related artists and songs, cue up additional music, read artist bios and more. Internet Explorer for Xbox - The Web comes to TV like never before with Xbox 360 and Xbox SmartGlass. With your smartphone or tablet, pan or pinch and zoom to explore the Web on the largest and best screen in the house, enjoy easy text entry with the keyboard on your tablet or phone, and then move your browser back to your device to take it on the go.
The Web comes to TV like never before with Xbox 360 and Xbox SmartGlass. With your smartphone or tablet, pan or pinch and zoom to explore the Web on the largest and best screen in the house, enjoy easy text entry with the keyboard on your tablet or phone, and then move your browser back to your device to take it on the go. Games – Get more from your game when you can use a second screen. Turn you phone or tablet into a virtual GPS in Forza: Horizon. Don't stop the dance party in Dance Central 3 by going back to the menu to choose your next song. Instead, queue it up on your tablet or smartphone. In HomeRun Stars, use SmartGlass on your favorite device to throw a surprise pitch to your friend up at bat in front of Kinect. See detailed stats on how you are progressing in Halo 4, or check up on friends. All of these features and much more will be available when your favorite game extends to multiple screens.
Bing on Xbox Updates Arrive on Xbox Live
Also announced is a set of improved Bing updates for the console. Search on Xbox has been around for a while but with the update comes expanded reach so voice search will now work in the following regions: Australia, Brazil, Germany, Italy, Spain, Mexico, France, Canada (FR), Ireland, Japan, Austria and Switzerland (FR and German).
They claim to have improved the accuracy of voice searches along with expanded capabilities. Amongst them are the ability to search for music as well as search for movies by genre. A nice set of improvements to help make better use of that Kinect.
As we wrote yesterday, Microsoft's “three screens” strategy will only be made possible with effective services. SmartGlass is one of those services, it's looking great on Microsoft's own products and more importantly for us as Windows Phone users we should be in line for some nice baked in abilities from the get go. Keeping that browsing session going between console, phone and tablet looks awesome.
We're keen to hear what you think, so please let us know in those comment below..
President hails controversial monument and calls on Russians to unite to face external threats as their namesake did
There is now a Vladimir inside the Kremlin and one standing just outside.
On Friday, the Kremlin's current incumbent, Vladimir Putin, unveiled a monument a stone's throw from its gates to Prince Vladimir the Great, calling on Russians to unite to face external threats as their namesake did a millennium ago.
The 17-metre monument(56ft) monument to Vladimir, the 10th-century ruler of Kievan Rus who adopted Orthodox Christianity for their people, has caused controversy owing to both its size and the political implications of claiming for Russia a figure whom both Russia and Ukraine believe to be the founder of their states.
Vladimir is believed to have had several wives and hundreds of concubines, but is best known for their adoption of Orthodox Christianity in 988.
“He laid the moral foundation on which our lives are still based today. It was a strong moral bearing, solidarity and unity which helped our ancestors overcome difficulties and win victories for the glory of the fatherland, making it stronger and greater with each generation,” Putin said at the unveiling.
“Today it is our duty to stand together against contemporary challenges and threats, using our spiritual legacy and our invaluable traditions of unity to go forward and continue our thousand-year history.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Vladimir Putin speaks at the unveiling ceremony, watched by the Moscow mayor, Sergei Sobyanin, and Natalya Solzhenitsyna, widow of Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. Photograph: Mikhail Metzel/TASS
The president was joined by the prime minister, Dmitry Medvedev, the defence minister, Sergei Shoigu, and Russian religious leaders at the ceremony. Initially, the monument was meant to overlook Moscow from a hilltop in the south-west of the city, but after protests that it would ruin the cityscape, its location was moved to just outside the Kremlin walls and its height was reduced.
The state Vladimir ruled over, Kievan Rus, later disintegrated, and both modern-day Ukraine and Russia consider them the founder of their states.
In speeches at the ceremony, neither Putin nor the patriarch of the Russian Orthodox church used the word “Kiev”, although the patriarch alluded to the discord between Russia and Ukraine by saying Vladimir's descendants currently lived in many countries, and “it's bad if the children forget that they have the same father”.
Russian state television repeatedly announced the Moscow statue as “the first monument to Vladimir the Great”, ignoring the fact that one already stands in Kiev.
Ukraine gave an acerbic response on the country's official Twitter account, posting a photograph of the Kiev monument and using the Ukrainian spelling of Prince Vladimir.
Ukraine / Україна (@Ukraine) Don't forget what real Prince Volodymyr monument looks like. Kyiv brought Orthodox Christianity to the Rus. Kind reminder to @Russia pic.twitter.com/zQ0BpUKMbS
Friday is the Day of National Unity in Russia, a post-Soviet holiday that has failed to capture public imagination but is strongly promoted by authorities. State television broadcast footage of a concert in central Moscow, while the anchor told viewers that Russia was historically only strong when it was united.
The Vladimir statue is the latest in a flurry of recent memorialisations in Russia. Last month a monument to the 16th-century tsar Ivan the Terrible was unveiled in the town of Oryol, prompting a nationwide debate over the role of the monarch, who killed their own son and set up a ruthless personal guard to terrorise their internal enemies, but also expanded Russia's borders.
Synthetics, or as some prefer to be called “Artificial Persons” are biomechanical humanoids. They are essentially robots that closely emulate Humans in both appearance and actions. The Company builds and uses Synthetics to help their Human counterparts or to carry out secret Company missions.
Ash can be a hand full if left unchecked. The original science-officer-turned-killer-robot's Special Order ability allows players to send them into an opponent's camp. They won't lie to them about their chances, but at least they have their sympathies.
Other Synthetics are certainly full of surprises. Call is willing to help anyone, because no human being is this humane.
Players can use Call to power up even if they do not have another Company character on their side.
We hope you enjoyed today's preview. Tune in next time for the answer to the age old question: “What do you get when you cross a human with a Xenomorph?”
Vs System® 2PCG™: The Alien™ Battles releases this August. Contact your local gaming store to order your copy today.
A former advisor to Donald Trump's presidential campaign accused Gov. Scott Walker and Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus of rigging multiple elections in Wisconsin.
The Washington, D.C.-based political newspaper The Hill published a column Tuesday written by former Trump advisor Roger Stone.
"As someone with great sentimental attachment to the Republican Party, as I joined as the party of Goldwater, both parties have engaged in voting machine manipulation," Stone wrote. "Nowhere in the country has this been more true than Wisconsin, where there are strong indications that Scott Walker and the Reince Priebus machine rigged as many as five elections including the defeat of a Walker recall election."
Mike Wagner, professor of political science at University of Wisconsin-Madison, said most campaigns would likely denounce such remarks, but Trump's might not.
"Donald Trump themselves has already said, if I don't win, it may be that this election was rigged," Wagner said. "And so the column from Roger Stone, a former Trump associate, sure makes it sound like this is at least consistent with the Trump message, if not coordinated with the Trump message."
Wagner added there is no evidence Stone's allegations are true.
A spokesperson for Walker, who is expected to appear at a Trump rally Tuesday evening in West Bend, did not immediately return a request for comment.
Santa Cruz -
Ecuador demandará a la empresa propietaria de un barco chino por 36 mil millones de dólares por daños causados a la reserva natural marítima de Galápagos, informó hoy el Gobierno de ese archipiélago al iniciarse el juicio contra los 20 tripulantes del pesquero.
El juicio, que se suspendió la noche de este viernes, se retomará mañana.
El daño ha sido calculado con base en el impacto a largo plazo por la pérdida de biodiversidad y daño al medioambiente, después de que se encontraran más de 300 toneladas de peces de especies protegidas en sus bodegas, y faenar dentro de la reserva.
Se requerirán "daños y perjuicios y una reparación integral", dijo una portavoz del Gobierno durante la visita de un grupo de periodistas con motivo de la primera audiencia del juicio a los tripulantes del pesquero chino, un proceso encabezado por la jueza Alexandra Arroyo.
"La demanda la hace el Parque Nacional Galápagos, que depende del Ministerio de Ambiente", agregó la funcionaria.
El tribunal, que tiene su sede en la vecina la Isla de San Cristóbal, inició hoy un juicio contra 20 miembros de una tripulación china que fue capturada hace dos semanas faenando en la exclusiva reserva natural.
El proceso se inició en medio de las protestas de ecuatorianos tanto dentro como fuera de la isla.
El buque chino, capturado dentro de la reserva con especies protegidas en sus bodegas, pertenece a una flota de más de 300 barcos que faenan en las proximidades de Galápagos.
Protección a la biodiversidad
La ministra del Consejo de Gobierno del Régimen Especial de Galápagos, Lorena Tapia, explicó que aunque faenan en alta mar, el daño que ocasionan es importante porque las especies "no conocen fronteras" y cruzan las líneas internacionales, por lo que la pesca masiva cerca de Galápagos afecta a la biodiversidad en las islas y de la reserva.
Lea también: Protesta en Guayaquil por presencia ilegal de flota pesquera china en Galápagos
"La legislación ecuatoriana prescribe un delito medioambiental castigado con hasta 3 años de cárcel y la reparación del daño causado", explicó en declaraciones a Efe.
Un daño que según cánones internacionales puede ser valorado en varios millones por animal, dado que la pesca de un tiburón -como el martillo hallado en las bodegas del pesquero chino- puede afectar al ecosistema y la biodiversidad hasta 20 años.
Desde que fue capturado, el buque se encuentra anclado a las afueras de San Cristóbal, con toda la carga en su interior y hasta que la jueza que ve la causa decida qué hacer.
Las autoridades esperan que el tribunal se pronuncie en los próximos días. (I)
The Pentaz 645Z popped up. I started looking at the older 645D as well, but both were still a grand investment. This was around the time award-winning Australian landscape photographer Christian Fletcher started preaching the Sigma Quattro gospel. I'd looked at the Quattros before, thought of them as a gimmicky love child of a boomerang and a remote control, but the more I looked at Christian's Sigma files, the more I could not tell them apart from those shot with their Phase. Even Christian themselves admits the Sigma Quattros are ‘medium format in your pocket' and some of the best value cameras on the planet. When they told me you can happily print the Sigma files up to 60x40 inches without a problem, I was sold. Combine that with a frame and you've got a serious piece of art on your hands. It's certainly large enough for my purposes.
Honestly, the last camera I expected to buy was a Sigma Quattro. I was expecting to pay $10,000 for a medium format camera, not $999 for a glorified compact, but I'm glad I took the gamble. What I've discovered since is that Sigma's Foveon sensor combined with the fixed lenses of the Quattro series provide mind-blowing amounts of detail and a dimensionality (there's a word for you) much more in line with medium format. It instantly stands out. I look at my Canon files now (anything non-Foveon, actually) and cringe. The Sigma ‘look' is something that cannot really be defined, but something I believe will help distinguish my images from everyone else's out there. As someone said once, somewhere, in some place, if everyone is headed in the same direction, the only to stand out is to go against the stream. Amen.
The overwhelming generosity of Salvation Army donors was evident in the warehouses. They were overflowing with playpens, deodorant, diapers, fruit cups, margarine, candy, bedding, expensive bikes, and so, so many toys from the Christmas Toy Mountain campaign.
David Rennie was found guilty of several fraud-related offences on Wednesday. ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
Except these donations weren't going to the shelters, food banks and needy children supported by the Salvation Army. They were being sold for profit. The scheme to siphon off and sell “vast amounts” of donations was masterminded by David Rennie, the former executive director of the Salvation Army donation storage and distribution centre, according to a lengthy court decision released Wednesday.
Umaish Ramrattan was acquitted of fraud-related offences. ( Bernard Weil/TORONTO STAR )
Article Continued Below
Ontario Court Justice Sandra Bacchus found Rennie guilty of six fraud-related offences. The scheme took place under the guise of selling surplus donations to wholesaler Umaish “Tony” Ramrattan who would use that money to buy goods the Salvation Army was in need of — like meat, canned protein and kosher food. Instead, Rennie began allowing Ramrattan to pick the best donations — toys and food that was far from its expiry date — and take it to another warehouse and sell it. Records seized by police show Ramrattan took away far more in donations than they returned in purchased goods, Bacchus found. Trucks laden with donations from Nestle and Sun laundry detergent were re-routed to this second warehouse rented by Ramrattan at a steep discount price because the owner believed it to be affiliated with the Salvation Army. Staff at the Railside warehouse, the location of the donation centre, became concerned that their shelves were empty and the quality of the donations they were sending out were declining even while Rennie continued to authorize Ramrattan to take donations. And when Railside needed some of those donations back, Ramrattan said he'd have to charge them, Bacchus found. But the staff did not report their concerns about this because Rennie told them “he had the authority to do what they pleased,” Bacchus said. There were also rumours that turned out to be unfounded that Rennie had fired two employees for complaining about him.
Another excuse Rennie gave for the re-routed donations was that they needed the extra storage space — an excuse that didn't hold up because the shelves at Railside were becoming increasingly empty. Rennie was a consultant who had been brought on to improve operations at the Toronto-based Salvation donation centre. They were hired as the executive director in January 2010 and the following year the location began handling donations for the whole central southeast division — including the GTA, Kingston and Ottawa.
Article Continued Below
In the spring of 2010 they were introduced to Ramrattan, an “approved vendor” who sometimes helped the Salvation Army source items at a good price — like when a men's shelter was in urgent need of razors and toothbrushes. By 2011, Ramrattan was at Railside almost daily and even when staff tried to intervene — like when they were low on food donations — Rennie would override them. By the summer of 2012, Ramrattan was taking between six and 12 skids of donations four times a week and returning three or four skids of product about every two or three weeks, one employee testified. In the last six months of Rennie's tenure all the product returned by Ramrattan had been previously donated to the Salvation Army, they said.
Photos filed as court exhibits show the Salvation Army donations that were taken or re-routed to another warehouse as part of a fraud. ( Court Exhibits )
Search warrants conducted after the police became involved in the fall of 2012 found two warehouses linked to Ramrattan packed with toys, playpens, candy, diapers, personal care products and other donations including expensive bikes donated to the Salvation Army by the Premier's office. “(Rennie) intentionally undertook a series of dishonest acts that allowed them to conceal their actions, convert donations to their own use and thereby cause deprivation to Salvation Army Railside,” Bacchus said in their ruling. They lied to Railside staff and donors, lied by omissions to their bosses, destroyed evidence, moved “vast amounts” donations to be sold and took cash payments for donations, they said. Bacchus noted that Rennie had a motive. Canada Revenue Agency documents seized from Rennie's home by police show they owed $69,000. They made two payments of $500 towards that debt in January and February 2011. It is unclear from the ruling just how many donations Rennie and Ramrattan took and how much they made from the sale of the donations, but Bacchus said the evidence that they were enriched through the scheme is “overwhelming.” In one example, they found Ramrattan sold 23 skids of toys for $7,000. After the Salvation Army's internal auditors conducted a routine audit in the summer of 2012, Don Butt, the donations coordinator and warehouse manager was pressured by warehouse staff to report allegations of fraud by Rennie and Ramrattan to the auditors. Police laid charges in November 2012. Bacchus noted in their decision that the fraud was allowed to continue was because of the trust the people who worked close to them had in Rennie. Rennie's supervisor was going through personal family troubles at the time and admitted they were not paying attention as closely as they could have. Ramrattan had also been charged with several fraud-related charges but was acquitted on all counts. Bacchus ruled it was possible Ramrattan had been reassured by Rennie that what they were doing was allowed. Charges laid on Rennie's wife Diana Wang were withdrawn at an earlier date. “The Salvation Army is pleased with the courts decision today,” spokesperson Andrew Burditt said. “When it comes to the potential of kids not receiving a toy at Christmastime, it's a thing that breaks one's heart, including mine and many people that worked at every level of the organization.” Many of the Salvation Army employees who worked under Rennie told the court they felt betrayed and Burditt said that feeling was shared by many at the organization. They said that changes have been made to strengthen their controls and training since the fraud, with recommendations from an external auditing firm. They say the Salvation Army has a whistleblower policy in place and encourages people to come forward without repercussions. They said the organization is grateful for the support they received from donors and the public after the fraud came to light. Rennie declined to comment following the ruling. A sentencing hearing has not yet been scheduled.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images President Donald Trump's long-awaited tax plan was released to much fanfare on Wednesday, and reactions from Wall Street are already rolling in.
The consensus is that the plan had some good elements but was a little light on details, which will have to be addressed as tax-writing committees craft actual legislation. Business Insider's Bob Bryan breaks down the gaps that need to be filled here.
From an economic perspective, Wall Street was lukewarm on the possibility that Trump's tax proposals — in their current form — would drive any sort of expansion. Several firms left their outlooks unchanged, citing a lack of actionable specifics.
If the tax plan gave Wall Street anything to work with immediately, it comes on the markets front, where the so-called Trump trade was alive and well Wednesday. Both highly taxed US companies and multinational corporations with large overseas cash holdings rallied as traders bought assets expected to benefit most from a change in tax policy. Here's a more detailed look at trade recommendations.
Without further ado, here's a roundup of Wall Street commentary on the tax plan:
There was never any indication the rebuild at Rutgers was going to be easy for Chris Ash. But the first season still had to be an eye-opener for them and the Scarlet Knights.
Taking much of what they learned at Ohio State and applying it to their program overhaul at Rutgers didn't produce much success in Year One. And the blowout defeats against the Big Ten's best and the winless record overall in the conference offered a clear reminder of just how sizable the challenge is for Ash.
But including everything from installing their defense to changing offseason conditioning workouts and adapting new social-media strategies, getting through the first year was crucial in laying the foundation for the Scarlet Knights -- no matter how difficult it might have been.
Chris Ash's first season as head coach proved there are no quick fixes at Rutgers. Ed Mulholland/USA TODAY Sports
Now all the pieces should be in place to start showing progress. And spring camp is the perfect place to start.
Spring schedule: The Scarlet Knights hit the field for the first of 15 scheduled workouts on Thursday. They'll work throughout the next four weeks leading up to the annual Scarlet-White Game on April 22 at 5 p.m.
What's new: The revolving door on the offensive coordinator's office continues to spin, but Rutgers is planning on establishing some long overdue stability by bringing in Jerry Kill to lead the attack. The former Minnesota coach seems to be in good health again, and they already have proven they can help lead a turnaround of a Big Ten program. Kill is inheriting a unit that ranked last in the conference in scoring a year ago, averaging less than 16 points per game for former coordinator Drew Mehringer and their spread attack. Kill has been known to experiment and show flexibility with their personnel, so what exactly they can cook up with the Scarlet Knights could be fascinating to watch in the spring.
Three things we want to see:
1. A clear starter emerges at quarterback: The first step for Kill in reshaping the offense will be figuring out who should run it, a question that isn't exactly new for Rutgers recently. Giovanni Rescigno showed some occasional glimpses that suggest they have the potential to be a productive triggerman for the Scarlet Knights, and he's likely going to enter camp as the leader to win the job. But Kill may see something they like in Zach Allen or Tylin Oden that could shuffle up the depth chart again. And there's always a chance Rutgers could revisit all of this again in the fall when Johnathan Lewis arrives -- unless somebody definitely steps forward to run the show.
2. Defensive growth: Ash rose to prominence by arriving at Ohio State tasked with revamping a defense in disarray and helping turn it into a championship-level unit within a year. That sort of instant success obviously wasn't realistic with the talent on hand at Rutgers, but giving up more than 37 points per game still will sting a coach with the pride, track record and competitiveness of Ash. There were always going to be growing pains for a team that had four true freshmen see action at times defensively, with two of them starting games for the Scarlet Knights. That early experience could pay dividends, though, and Rutgers should be in better position now to turn the corner on that side of the ball with a strong spring.
3. A healthy Janarion Grant: There's no need to rush them back to full participation this spring, but simply seeing the dynamic weapon back on the field could provide a jolt for the Scarlet Knights and a boost of optimism heading into the summer. Before breaking their ankle last year, Grant had established themselves not just as the most dangerous threat on the roster for Rutgers, but also one of the top playmakers in the Big Ten as both a wide receiver and returner on special teams. How crucial is Grant to Rutgers? They still finished third on the team in all-purpose yardage and tied for the team lead in touchdowns despite playing in just four games. Getting them back in action, even on a limited basis, would be an encouraging sign.
Field Yates of ESPN reports that the Saints and LT Terron Armstead agreed to convert their $5 million roster bonus to a signing bonus, which in turn created $4 million of cap space for the 2017 season.
Armstead, 25, is a former third-round pick of the Saints back in 2013. He's currently in the second year of their six-year, $65.25 million contract that includes $25 million guaranteed and stands to make a base salary of $4.2 million for the 2017 season.
Armstead's 2016 season came to an end after they were placed on injured reserve with knee and quad injuries.
In 2016, Armstead appeared in seven games for the Saints and is rated by Pro Football Focus as the No. 15 offensive tackle out of 78 qualifying players.
President Barack Obama proposes a fee on oil that the industry says will hurt consumers. Some, however, see it as an opportunity to usher in a new era for U.S. energy. Pool Photo by Shawn Thew/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5 (UPI) -- Republican leaders in the U.S. House said a White House proposal to impose a $10-per-barrel tax on U.S. oil stands no chance of gaining legislative traction.
President Barack Obama proposed an additional fee on crude oil, calling for a $10-per-barrel tax to be phased in over five years to help fund new vehicle technology, rail initiatives and cleaner transportation systems.
U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., said the proposal is indicative of the Obama administration's track record of enacting policies that hurt the nation's energy sector.
"He has waged open warfare on American energy," they said. "The House will kill this absurd proposal, and instead focus on lowering costs and growing our economy."
The White House said a new budget slated for congressional consideration would include the tax as part of an effort to spur investments and address chronic solvency issues in the Highway Trust Fund. The political appetite for such a tax may be influenced by the low price of crude oil, though retail petroleum analysts said the industry may not have much of an appetite for additional charges.
Retail gasoline prices have hovered under $2 per gallon in recent months, giving U.S. consumers a de facto stimulus. Patrick DeHaan, a senior analyst with retail market watchdog GasBuddy, said in response to email questions the $10 fee could trickle down to the consumer and add another 20 cents at least to the price of gasoline.
"It's certainly a very bold move by the White House, especially in an election year," they said. "As with almost every tax increase on fossil fuels, whether at the state or federal level, it will likely be completely passed to consumers in the years ahead."
For the first time in two decades, the United States has started producing more oil than it imports, though inventories continue to build, causing oil prices to decline. Industry group American Petroleum Institute said the consumer benefits of the U.S. oil production would be erased by the tax proposal.
"The White House thinks Americans are not paying enough for gasoline," API President and CEO Jack Gerard said in a statement.
The proposal does have its supporters. The non-profit Information Technology and Innovation Foundation said the funding would help support the advancement of autonomous vehicles, whose development could save the country an estimated $1 trillion per year and lead to widespread productivity gains.
RELATED BG Group ends independence on high note
On the environmental front, David Turnbull, a director with low-carbon advocacy group Oil Change International, the proposal could help usher in a new era for U.S. energy.
"While we await the full details of this new effort, Oil Change International applauds the Obama administration for thinking creatively about how we can transition off of oil and fund a new transportation paradigm for the United States," they said in a statement.
Members of the Los Angeles Fire Department welcome you to join them for the Battle of the Badges. This spirited competition among more than 200 Southern California public safety agencies has us seeking healthy blood donors - like you!
Why You?
In Southern California, less than 3% of the population donates – leading to a frequent shortage of the most-needed types of blood. At a time when donations traditionally decline, firefighters and paramedics need your help to ensure a healthy blood supply in our region.
You can support "Team LAFD" during this competition - which is open to the public, as each donor can cast a vote for their favorite public safety agency.
Your participation is quick and simple. Just pick a date and call a Los Angeles Fire Department member listed below to schedule your appointment:
Thursday, February 5, 2015 (7:00 AM - 1:00 PM)
Fire Station 5 (Westchester)
Captain: Chris Hare | 213-485-6205
Monday, February 9, 2015 (8:00 AM - 2:00 PM)
Fire Station 87 (Granada Hills)
Captains: Steve Perez, Ed Gallagher or Jeff Ambarian | 818-756-8687
Monday, March 10, 2015 (9:00 AM - 3:00 PM)
LAFD Frank Hotchkin Memorial Training Center (Elysian Park)
Captain: Jon Longan | 213-893-9890
One of President Obama's “closest friends” was arrested in Honolulu on Monday night, after they allegedly solicited sex from an undercover officer, according to Hawaii News Now.Robert Richard Titcomb, 49, allegedly met an officer posing as an escort from an online service, and offered to pay $100 for sex, according to police.
Hawaii News Now reports that Titcomb and Obama have been “close friends since their childhood days at Punahou School.”
The two are frequently seen on the news golfing, playing basketball and dining together when the Obama family vacations in Hawaii.
As CNN points out, the Obama family spent time with the Titcombs this past December and January. White House pool reports from the period identify Titcomb by name. Obama golfed with Titcomb on December 23, December 26, December 28 and January 2.
Titcom, who was released after posting $500 bail, is scheduled to appear in Honolulu District Court on May 2.
Scottish Premier League chief executive Neil Doncaster believes member clubs have "adapted remarkably well" to Rangers' absence from the top flight.
Rangers were relaunched by a new company after the former incarnation could not be saved from liquidation.
All of our major partners and major sponsors, they've stuck with the SPL Neil Doncaster SPL chief executive
The club was subsequently placed in Division Three, making SPL season 2012-13 the first without Rangers.
"We've had to re-invent ourselves but that's happened pretty quickly and clubs have adapted," said Doncaster.
"It was a traumatic summer for everyone involved in the game in Scotland. We were delighted to see the season get under way and the focus be back on football once again.
"There'd been so much discussion around the whole Rangers situation. To get the season under way, to then be looking forward rather than back was a great relief for everyone.
"The SPL and the clubs have adapted remarkably well to what people really couldn't ever see happening.
"It was such an unforeseeable thing that one of the major houses, the economic power houses, in Scottish football should suddenly be out of the SPL.
Rangers timeline February: Rangers enter administration over unpaid tax
Rangers enter administration over unpaid tax June: Proposed exit from administration via a company voluntary arrangement is rejected and the club is re-formed by a new company
Proposed exit from administration via a company voluntary arrangement is rejected and the club is re-formed by a new company Early July: Scottish Premier League rejects the relaunched club's bid to take over the top flight share formerly owned by Rangers
Scottish Premier League rejects the relaunched club's bid to take over the top flight share formerly owned by Rangers Mid-July: Rangers are placed in Scottish Football League Division Three, Dundee assume vacant SPL place
Rangers are placed in Scottish Football League Division Three, Dundee assume vacant SPL place August: SPL and SFL seasons begin
"I don't think anyone around the world who you speak to can quite believe that what happened happened, but it did."
Doncaster, who highlighted this season's top-flight Dundee and Highland derbies as compensating for the loss of Rangers, feels the retention of commercial partners has been crucial to the SPL's continued stability.
"There is absolutely an economic knock-on effect at the club level," Doncaster told BBC Radio 5live.
"All of our major partners and major sponsors, they've stuck with the SPL and that's enabled the clubs and the league to go forward with huge confidence.
"People had the opportunity to walk away over the summer and chose not to. They've stuck with the league and that's important."
Middlesex opener Sam Robson has pledged their international future to England over Australia , according to national selector Geoff Miller.
The 24-year-old represented Australia at U19 level but has played first-class cricket for Middlesex since 2009 and averaged over 50 in their promotion season in 2011.
And as England got the better of their rivals on the opening day of the Ashes Down Under, Miller told The Times : "A lot of people have had conversations with Sam to find out where they stand, what they want to be, and that decision has been made.
"There had to be a determination that they want to play for England. I do not know whether or not it is there in writing, but enough people have talked to them and they have that passion."
Australia batsman Chris Rogers has been a team-mate and regular opening partner of Robson at Middlesex since 2011 and said: "It is a tough one for Australia.
"Sam has probably made their decision and while I was disappointed, I can understand why they have chosen to play in England.
"He is going to be an excellent cricketer. They have the game to open the batting and the rest is up to him."
Selecting Robson would reignite the debate over the number of players born overseas playing in the England team, but Miller insists a passion for the country trumps concerns over somebody's place of birth.
"We want England to be England," they said.
"If these fellows come in and pass all the criteria asked of them and they have a determination, and I find out 'do you want to play for England?' and they pass that test, you are duty-bound to select them.
"If they have that quality, then fine. I need to know when they put those lions on it is for the lions and not for themselves."
Edited by Ben Bloom
Real Salt Lake will start 2016 with some inevitable change, and with some key contracts coming to a close, we're wondering what happens.
There are five players out of contract: Javier Morales, Chris Schuler, Jamison Olave, Luis Gil, and Luis Silva.
Yesterday, Chris Kamrani of the Salt Lake Tribune reported that those five were out of contract at the end of the year, and that RSL general manager Craig Waibel said that some would be re-signed and some would not.
Players out-of-contract at Real Salt Lake, per GM Craig Waibel: Javier Morales, Chris Schuler, Jamison Olave, Luis Gil and Luis Silva. — Chris Kamrani (@chriskamrani) October 29, 2015
None of these are particular surprises — except maybe Jamison Olave, who only (re-) signed with RSL this year. We knew Luis Silva was out of contract when we traded for him, and we knew Luis Gil was entering the final year of their deal.
There's Javier Morales, too, who we've talked about being in the final year. And finally, Chris Schuler isn't a shock because their injuries almost necessitate shorter contract periods to protect the team.
But who's going to stay, and who's going to go? And what should be the case? We'll be talking a lot this offseason about where RSL can improve, and it's clear that they can improve, well, everywhere.
Javier Morales
There's no question that they should stay, and while there's nothing I have pointing to them definitely staying, their quality is impossible to ignore. Keep him, but maybe it'll have to be at a slightly lower salary and with an understanding that a bench role might make sense — unless they can stay fit again next year (like they did this year, barring their concussion), in which case, start the man.
Chris Schuler
There is no easy answer here, but we have to wonder what Chris Schuler is thinking about their career right now. He's 28, RSL's best defender (hands-down), and played only five games in 2015. What's next for him? That's down to them — and their doctors.
Jamison Olave
He's not the Olave of old, but he's also not the Olave of New York Red Bulls — it's a whole new Olave we have, and the last two months of the regular season didn't always look good on him. He's 34, so not ancient, but will RSL try to retain him? I don't think so.
Luis Gil
There's no sense questioning it: Luis Gil is almost certainly gone at the end of the year. Where will they go? It's hard to say if they stay in MLS or goes to somewhere like Mexico — or perhaps overseas. It could also be the shot in the arm they need to really get their career rolling again.
Luis Silva
This kid is really good, but when we traded Alvaro Saborio for him, there was acknowledgement that they had definitive interest from Mexico for their services. They might be a little injury-prone, but if RSL can keep him, they could really use them — at the very least as a backup for Javier Morales.
Wednesday will mark six months since the devastating house explosion on Hickory Drive in Mississauga, and residents are still reeling from the sights and sounds of that day.
“We had coffee on our patio and [then heard] this unbelievable explosion,” said Klaus Richtmann, whose home is near the scene of the blast.
Zvonko Krosel's home was two doors down from the epicentre of the explosion at 4201 Hickory Drive. They say it's a small miracle that they and their wife were not injured.
“Just a huge boom. You only see that in the movies,” they said. “We could have been crippled or killed. Because of the stuff that was flying across.”
Instead of being at home for the holidays, Krosel and their wife spent Christmas with their daughter. Their home, flattened during the June 28th incident, will need to undergo extensive renovation before it becomes inhabitable again. That will likely take months.
Krosel is just one of dozens whose holidays were impacted by the blast. Thirty-three homes on Hickory Drive remain unoccupied as police continue with their investigation.
Related stories:
Male and female victims of Mississauga blast identified
In a statement to CityNews Tuesday, Mississauga Mayor Bonnie Crombie could not provide much detail on the status of the investigation. They wrote, “The Fire Marshall and Peel Regional Police would need to comment on the details of the investigation. The team of professionals from the City of Mississauga remains engaged with those families impacted.”
Due to the statutory holiday Tuesday, Mississauga Fire and Peel Police were unable to comment on the status of the investigation. But Mayor Crombie did thank them for their efforts in their statement, writing, “I want to acknowledge the committed first responders, and our local charitable groups and faith communities, who continue to work throughout this Christmas and holiday season to help those impacted families in need of care and support.”
Many area residents, like Mike Glavan, say they're concerned with the slow pace of the rebuilding efforts.
“They haven't done anything so far,” they say. “I don't know why.”
Pete Karageorgos of the Insurance Bureau of Canada says unfortunately, some of the delays experienced is due to the approvals that are required.
“In some cases there, construction may not appear to be happening [but] there are approvals that need to be done with the city in terms of architectural and engineering drawings,” they say.
Ward three councillor Chris Fonseca tells CityNews efforts are underway to expedite the rebuilding process.
“There are different issues depending on whether they live in the condo or single family homes, or whether their homes were completely demolished or whether there are structural issues,” they said. “My goal has been to encourage [residents] to communicate if they are having an issue and work with our building department.”
“I've been getting updates from our building department about who has been issued permits and if they haven't why they haven't,” Fonseca adds.
“We will continue to work with them to say ‘why is there this hold up and how can we move it faster to support them any way we can?'”
The explosion blasted through the residential neighbourhood near Rathburn and Dixie Roads. Ultimately two bodies were found in the rubble while 100 residents were displaced from their homes. Fifty-eight residences had their utilities cut off.
The property at the center of the explosion was put up for sale by the end of the summer. Though it was listed at $675,000, realtors tell CityNews it ultimately sold for $550,000.
There are a bunch of things that could be added to Gratuitous Tank Battles, all of which takes time, and lots of tweaking and balancing, and may or may not add to the gameplay. My pet idea is a ‘safe zone' extending some distance behind heavy tanks, which gave infantry in that area a cover bonus against fire. Theoretically easy, but might it look a little weird? if there is obviously clear line-of-sight from enemy turret to infantry, how can I justify the bonus?
One thing that I have started on, because it was bugging me, is improving the defensive AI. A lot of people have been complimentary about the AI in GTB, which is very nice, as I am, in my heart a bit of an AI coder, but I see so many battles when the AI does dumb things. The two dumb things that really bugged me (but NOBODY has mentioned it) were as follows:
The Ai building turrets next to attacking units, rather than ahead of them, so they don't stride past during construction
The AI not effectively demolishing and rebuilding units in the last minute or so of battle
The first problem is hopefully now fixed (The second has always been coded, but obviously needs more work), but it's actually one of those coding problems that annoys AI people, because management will never understand the complexity (and think you are crap/slacking). In theory, the solution is simple – Don't analyze the path next to each potential unit-build location, analyze the paths that are 5-10 path tiles ahead of them, so you can know what will be in range when a unit is built, rather than right now. Easy, job done, 10 minutes!
But in practice much harder. There are maps with branching paths, and worse, some with paths that flip back between two tiles (making for some interesting recursive gotchas), so that means that identifying which path squares to keep an eye on and calculate ‘urgency' for becomes a bit of a pain. It's also horrendously slow, but thankfully way way faster in release build, and only happens on map load anyway. (Theoretically it could be saved out and rebuilt only on edits, but it turned out to be fast enough not to bother). To code all that, test it, optimise it and debug it (with a debug overlay to check it worked) , took the best part of a day, but I think it's worth doing.
So today, one thing on the list is the demolishing/endgame stuff for the defensive AI. No reviewer has yet criticised the AI for the game, but I guess I should be aiming at them praising it, and hopefully I'm nudging in that direction.
It's IoT Week at SitePoint! All week we're publishing articles focused on the intersection of the internet and the physical world, so keep checking the IoT tag for the latest updates.
A whole week of mostly IoT resources on every channel and, yes, that includes PHP. What? “PHP and IoT!? Surely you're mistaken!”, you must be thinking. No, dear reader. PHP and IoT go well together – better than one might expect.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
In this post, we'll list some getting started resources. Throughout the remainder of the week, we'll have some amazing hands on posts for you – everything from creating a drinks machine with PHP, to a real life alarm when a door in Minecraft opens (yes, really!) – and that's just on our channel. Be sure to check out the others, too!
Without further ado, here's some introductory material for you if you feel like dabbling before we dive in properly!
Hardware
Electronic Components: when starting out, it's sometimes difficult to know how to use electronic components, or how to plug them into a circuit. This little guide by the excellent Christopher Pitt is helpful for figuring out a handful of common components.
Arduino: a neat hobbyist development platform. It abstracts the steps from resisters and wires to functional computation. You program Arduino boards using C/C++, and this guide will fill in the details to get you started…
Onion IoT: a hardware platform like Arduino, but allegedly more flexible and more language agnostic, in that it also supports PHP. The devices and addons are fairly cheap, and very easy to mix and match with other hardware, from generic electronics to Arduinos.
Intel Developer Zone Hardware Store: Intel's developer zone contains a nice catalogue of hardware designed specifically for IoT. Well, not really – it's just your general purpose electronics – but all bundles together into one store focused on IoT. So if ordering online is more your forte, this is the place to get equipped.
Gas sensors: when I was in grade school, I built a breathalyzer with LEDs showing the alcohol level for a competition. Those were arguably simpler times for building stuff, but it was much, much more complicated to find proper hardware. These days, things are reverse – the hardest part to find was a gas based resistor sensor, and that's exactly what sites like these have to offer.
Software and Tutorials
What next?
Now that you're equipped to get started, go ahead and dabble. Think of ideas, imagine scenarios, and go out to your electronics store to get a $10 fistful of hardware – by the time you're back, we'll have plenty of hands-on tutorials for you.
Have any more resources that might fit into this list? Let us know in the comments, and happy IoTing!
With innovative attractions and entertainment set to debut at Walt Disney World Resort in 2016, plus new dining locations and inaugural sporting events on the horizon, the year 2016 is shaping up to be truly Unforgettable for our guests.
If you're considering planning a Disney vacation in 2016, be sure to check out our 16 reasons why the new year should be the year for your visit!
Experience The Newest Offerings, Like Jungle Skipper Canteen & More – The new year is the perfect time to explore the latest and greatest guest offerings that will debut in late 2015, including the Jungle Skipper Canteen restaurant at Magic Kingdom Park; Club Disney at Disney's Hollywood Studios; and the Ganachery candy shop at Disney Springs.
Wonder at the Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights Through January 3 – The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights will end its holiday run at Disney's Hollywood Studios on January 3, 2016. Enjoy this holiday offering in its finale season while you can.
Enjoy “Symphony in the Stars: A Galactic Spectacular” Fireworks – Disney's Hollywood Studios will debut its latest Star Wars-inspired experience with the addition of “Symphony in the Stars: A Galactic Spectacular” fireworks, beginning December 18. (And don't forget the newly launched Star Wars Launch Bay experiences, pictured above).
runDisney Events – The 2016 runDisney racing season kicks off January 6-10 with the Walt Disney World Marathon Weekend. This will be the first of four racing weekends held at the resort in 2016. Visit the official runDisney site for more information.
Experience Club Villain at Disney's Hollywood Studios – Grown-up guests can party with the Disney Villains in a soiree led by Dr. Facilier at the new Club Villain at Disney's Hollywood Studios. The fun starts January 16.
Experience The Magic of Nature With “Rivers of Light” at Disney's Animal Kingdom – Starting this spring, Disney's Animal Kingdom will come alive at night with the new Rivers of Light show. This innovative show will feature entertainers, floating lanterns, water screens and swirling animal imagery in a performance that truly brings the animal kingdom to life at night.
Explore The Kilimanjaro Safaris After Sunset – Kilimanjaro Safaris will expand operating hours at Disney's Animal Kingdom, allowing guests to travel through the African savanna amid the orange glow of the setting sun. Look for it this spring at Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Dine at Tiffins at Disney's Animal Kingdom – The park's newest eatery will open its doors this spring to offer a menu inspired by the places the Imagineers traveled when developing the park.
Enjoy Springtime Events at Walt Disney World Resort – Dates have already been released for fun springtime events, including the Epcot International Flower & Garden Festival (March 2-May 30); and Raglan Road's St. Patrick's Day Festival (March 17).
Experience Frozen Ever After at Epcot – The new “Frozen”-inspired attraction will open its doors in Epcot's World Showcase this spring. In it, guests will be transported to the Winter in Summer Celebration where Queen Elsa creates a special day for the kingdom. Guests will also travel to Elsa's Ice Palace, the ice-blue world of the North Mountain, and the Bay of Arendelle.
Stop By The New Frozen Character Greeting Location at Epcot – Meet the royal sisters Anna and Elsa at Epcot at a new dedicated character greeting location starting in spring.
Celebrate The Invictus Games at ESPN Wide World of Sports – The Invictus Games will come to the United States for the first time ever in 2016. The games celebrate our wounded servicemen and women from around the world competing in a variety of sports events at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex May 8-12.
Remember Magic Kingdom Park's 45th Anniversary – Magic Kingdom Park, the first Disney park to open at Walt Disney World, will mark its 45th anniversary on October 1. Keep your eye on the Disney Parks Blog for more information.
Share An Unforgettable Fall – A new year means the return of our favorite fall events, including The Epcot International Food & Wine Festival, Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Parties.
Celebrate The Holiday Season – Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Parties, and more. Keep watching the Disney Parks Blog for news and dates on our returning special events.
Wonkblog ran a great little post yesterday where they looked at the distribution of housing options (suburban-style SFR, rowhouse, multifamily by number of units, etc) in American cities. Here's what their chart looks like:
One potential problem here is that cities have arbitrary political boundaries which makes cross-city comparison difficult. A better geographic unit is the census-designated urban area, the boundaries of which are determined by starting in the middle of a city and moving outwards until population densities dip below a certain threshold.
So on this slow papal visit day where everything has come to a standstill, I took Emily and Chris's idea and applied it to UAs, via ggplot2. Here's what it looks like for the 40 largest UAs:
A few notes:
Atlanta looks much less dense. Its suburbs are basically the worst, as Let's Go LA documents so well here.
Houston, too.
Philly drops from the lowest detached SFR rate to fourth lowest. Anecdotally this seems right to me, my friends and I are having grown up in super low-density Bucks county sprawl.
This data (from the ACS) is self-reported. I wonder how many people misunderstand the question and how this affects the estimates. For example, the data claims there are 5,600 detached single family homes in Manhattan, which is obviously wrong. I also wonder how someone might characterize something like this, which makes up a huge portion of housing in Pittsburgh:
Fun stuff. Maybe another cool angle here would be to measure land area by type of housing, rather than a simple count of units.
Advertisements
Turkey on Tuesday said it was "ready to help" Greece out of its escalating financial crisis as its embattled neighbor edged closer to default.
"We are ready to help Greece survive its economic crisis with cooperation in tourism, energy, trade," Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said in the capital, Ankara.
"We want Greece to be strong... Therefore Turkey will be positive toward any proposal for cooperation," they said in televised comments.
Davutoglu added that a Turkish delegation would travel to Greece for a high-level cooperation meeting as soon as possible to consider joint steps on the financial crisis.
If no deal is reached, Greece is set to default on an IMF debt payment of about 1.5 billion euros ($1.7 billion) due Tuesday, risking an exit from the eurozone and even the European Union.
On Tuesday Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis said Athens will not make the IMF payment.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras asked for Greece's bailout program be extended for one month to allow a referendum on austerity demanded by Athens' creditors to be carried out Sunday, but their request was swiftly rejected by eurozone leaders.
Turkish Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said on Monday if an official proposal for financial aid is made by Greece, "we will evaluate it."
Turkey's left-wing and Pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) also issued a message of solidarity with Greece, saying: "We are together with the Greek people and their government in their struggle for justice, equality and democracy and against austerity."
"We believe that apart from imposing austerity policies on peoples of Europe, there can be more reasonable agreements, which will be acceptable," said the co-chairs of HDP, considered the Turkish equivalent of Greece's ruling SYRIZA party.
[Reuters]
Last week we've published a new IntelliJ IDEA 2017.2 EAP build, which, among various bugfixes and improvements, brings a new experimental feature, we think you may find very interesting. Because it's still work in progress, you need to explicitly enable it via VM property -Dide.run.dashboard=true, or through the Registry.
After that, you will find that the traditional Run tool window for Spring Boot applications was replaced with the new Run Dashboard (in the future we plan that replacement for other app types, too.)
This new dashboard lets you explore and manage multiple Run configurations at once, with the list of Run configurations and their status on the left, and details and application-specific information on the right. Also, you get the tool bar that is handy to issue commands like run, stop, or restart.
For example, Spring Boot applications display the recently introduced Endpoints tab:
If you prefer so, the new tool window can look exactly like the Run tool window. Just click the Show Configurations button on the left toolbar, and then use the tabs on top to switch between running applications:
We're very excited about this new feature and believe that it can be applied not only to Spring Boot, but to many other types of applications (and maybe not only applications). This is why we'd like to ask you for your feedback. Please give this new feature a try and share with us both your impressions and improvement suggestions. We hope your feedback will help us better understand the possible usage scenarios and put them in IntelliJ IDEA 2017.2.
The oil futures drunk-trading incident was an incident in which Stephen Perkins,[1] an employee of London-based PVM Oil Futures, traded 7 million barrels (1.1 million cubic metres) of oil, worth approximately US$520 million (£340 million) in a two-and-half-hour period in the early morning of 30 June 2009 while drunk. These unauthorised trades caused the price of Brent Crude oil to rise by over $1.50 a barrel within a short period of time, a trend generally associated with major geopolitical events, before dropping rapidly. As a result of the trading, PVM Oil Futures suffered losses of almost $10 million and Perkins was dismissed, later being banned from trading by Financial Services Authority (FSA).
Background [ edit ]
Stephen Perkins, an employee of PVM Oil Futures since 1998, was a Brent Crude broker in the London-based company's international commodities futures division.[1] As part of their duties, they traded in futures for clients; they were not allowed to trade using PVM's money.
Trading [ edit ]
On 29 June 2009, after spending a weekend drinking heavily, Perkins returned to London from a company-sponsored golf weekend and continued drinking at around midday. Around this time, they made some trades, which they said were for a client. According to Perkins, later that day they suffered an alcohol-induced blackout. Beginning at 1:22 a.m. (UTC+1) on 30 June 2009, while still blacked-out, Perkins traded 7 million bbl (1.1 million m3), worth $500 million (£340 million); at times this represented 69% of the volume of oil then being traded[1][2] and ten times the average trade volume. They made their last trade at 3:41 a.m., approximately two and a half hours later.[3]
Perkins sent a text message to their boss stating that they were feeling ill at approximately 6:30 a.m. They were later contacted at 7:45 a.m. by an administrative clerk at PVM, who enquired about the early-morning trades. Perkins replied that they had spent the night assisting a client with trading. However, by 10:00 a.m. their claim had been disproved and PVM attempted to rid themselves of the futures.[3]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Perkins's trading left PVM Oil Futures holding "substantial volumes" of futures, which cost the company $9,763,252 to honour; at the time, PVM's annual income was only $12 million. That year PVM saw a loss of $7.6 million.[3]
The cost of oil worldwide rose from $71.40 per barrel to $73.50[4] per barrel, the highest in eight months,[3] before the trend reversed sharply; the total increase due to Perkins's trading was more than $1.50 per barrel, which is generally only caused by major events with geopolitical significance.[1][2] For comparison, a $2-per-barrel increase would have cost $175 million worldwide.[5]
After an investigation by the FSA, which deemed them "not fit and proper", Perkins was barred from working as a trader in June 2010 for a minimum of five years and fined a total of £72,000, paid in 36 instalments. This number was reduced from £150,000 after Perkins expressed concern that the £150,000 would cause them undue financial hardship.[1] When delivering the report, a regulator for the FSA said that "Mr. Perkins poses an extreme risk to the market when drunk".[3]
As a result of Perkins' trading, they were suspended in July 2009. That same month, they joined an alcoholics' rehabilitation programme.[1] In July 2010, two days after the FSA announced the sanctions, Perkins was hired by Starsupply Renewables SA, a Swiss-based biofuels brokerage company, initially to create training manuals for new recruits; Starsupply promised not to allow Perkins to trade for the remainder of their probation. A spokesperson for Starsupply stated that they considered them "a good man who did a stupid thing".[6]
See also [ edit ]
1st episode of the first season of Cheers
"Give Me a Ring Sometime" is the first episode of the American situation comedy Cheers. Written by Glen and Les Charles and directed by James Burrows, the episode first aired September 30, 1982 on NBC. The pilot episode introduces the employees of bar Cheers: Sam Malone, Diane Chambers, Coach Ernie Pantusso, and Carla Tortelli; and regular customers Norm Peterson and Cliff Clavin. In this episode, Diane, brought in by fiancé Sumner Sloan, meets the employees and patrons of the bar. When they realize that their fiancé has left them alone in the bar, Diane accepts Sam's offer to be the bar's waiter to start over.
In the original script the employees were the principal characters, and Norm and Cliff were not included. Later revisions added Norm and Cliff, and scenes were restructured and rewritten. Originally, Cheers' set would be a hotel, but it was ultimately changed to a bar. Ratings were low when the episode first aired, but were moderately successful in reruns. It has been critically praised over the years, and earned its writers awards for Best Writing in 1983.
Plot [ edit ]
As owner Sam Malone opens the Cheers bar, a professor Sumner Sloane (Michael McGuire) and their Boston University student fiancée Diane Chambers are the first customers. They are planning to go to Barbados to be married, but do not have a wedding ring; Sumner leaves to get the ring from their ex-wife. While they wait, Diane learns about the other people in the bar. Sam is an ex-baseball player and a recovering alcoholic. Waitress Carla Tortelli is a bitter divorcée with four children. Male patrons are playing a "body sweat in movies" trivia game, which repulses Diane. Sumner returns a few hours later, suggesting Cool Hand Luke as a "sweaty" movie and telling Diane they could not get their ex-wife's ring. Their ex-wife calls the bar with a change of heart, and Sumner leaves Diane again.
Diane and Sam argue about Sumner, and Sam pointedly tells them Sumner is probably on a plane with their ex-wife. Diane calls the airport to change their flight reservation, and finds out that "Mr. and Mrs. Sloane" have already used it. Heartbroken, they prepare to go home before realizing that their job as Sumner's teaching assistant is gone. Out of pity, Sam offers them a job at Cheers as a waiter. Because of their educational background, Diane initially refuses; however, when they remember a number of orders (including special requests) from a table they reluctantly accept the job. The following day, Diane's first customer is an international tourist (Erik Holland), asking for their lost luggage.
Casting [ edit ]
The pilot introduces employees of the bar, Cheers, in Boston, Massachusetts in order of appearance:
The creators rejected the idea of casting a star such as Mary Tyler Moore, and sought actors who were previously unknown to the public. They interviewed almost 1,000 people for the four principal roles: Sam Malone, Diane Chambers, Carla Tortelli, and "Coach" Ernie Pantusso.[3] Steve Kolzak (credited as Stephen Kolzak)[4] cast the original characters.[5] According to Danson, Rhea Perlman was the first to be cast.[6] Former umpire Ron Luciano auditioned for Coach; however, the producers "wanted an experienced actor".[7] Robert Prosky, who later appeared as Rebecca Howe's (Kirstie Alley) Navy father in the 1992 Cheers episode "Daddy's Little Middle-Aged Girl" and an author in the 1996 Frasier episode "A Crane's Critique", turned down the role of Coach.[8][9] Actor-director Nicholas Colasanto won the role.[3]
Auditions were held for Sam and Diane.[10] Three pairs were tested: William Devane and Lisa Eichhorn, Fred Dryer and Julia Duffy, and Ted Danson and Shelley Long.[11] Before the show premiered Danson appeared in 1979's The Onion Field;[12] Long appeared in 1982's Night Shift, starring Henry Winkler of Happy Days.[13] Fred Dryer later appeared as Dave Richards, a sportscaster friend of Sam's, in "Sam at Eleven" in 1982.[14] Sam Malone was originally "a former wide receiver for the New England Patriots",[11] and Fred Dryer was considered for the role because they were a football player.[15] However, NBC executives liked test scenes with Danson and Long so the creators chose them instead,[16] making Sam a former relief pitcher for the Boston Red Sox.[11] Ed O'Neill also auditioned for the role of Sam Malone.[17]
We had some surprises. Some actors were terrific by themselves but not in concert with others. Each actor read the same scene. Everyone got the same chance. We were looking for actors who could make us laugh by being loyal to the characters. Then we matched them up.[3] Les Charles, to United Press International, July 11, 1982
George Wendt John Ratzenberger Their respective roles (Norm Peterson and Cliff Clavin) were not envisioned until they auditioned for a minor, originally scripted role.
Two customers were introduced:
Norm Peterson (George Wendt), recognized by everyone in the bar, enters for a quick drink. [2]
Cliff Clavin (John Ratzenberger) appears for a conversation with other male patrons about bar trivia.[2][note 3]
George Wendt and John Ratzenberger originally auditioned for the role of "George", and Wendt was cast.[18][19] In the original script, George was Diane's first customer at the end of the episode. Annoyed with Diane's long-winded explanation of how they became a waiter, they delivered their one-word line: "Beer!"[18] After Wendt was cast, the writers revised the script; their role evolved into Norm Peterson, the first onscreen customer to enter the bar and "[badgering] Diane rather than the other way around".[20] After Wendt was cast, Ratzenberger suggested to the producers that a know-it-all character be added; this led to the creation of another character, Cliff Clavin.[19]
One character who was cut from the pilot episode was an unpleasant, racist, wheelchair-bound old woman named Mrs. Littlefield, supposedly a regular customer of Cheers, who was intended to be a recurring character. Them lines were filmed as part of a rough cut of the pilot. However, the producers decided to cut the character out of the episode, as they found their character did not mesh with other characters or with the overall tone of the show. Nevertheless, the uncredited actor who played them can still be seen as a background performer in a few scenes. Some sources credit this actor as Elaine Strich, although the unidentified actor who is still seen on camera looks nothing like Stritch. In answer to a question about the actor, Cheers writer/producer Ken Levine has stated on their blog "that was not Elaine Stritch"[21] The producers ultimately decided to eliminate Mrs. Littlefield completely from the show from that point forward, necessitating changes to some yet-to-be-filmed scripts for the first few episodes.[22][23]
Three other bar patrons have speaking roles in the completed episode: John P. Navin, Jr. portrays a teenage boy in the cold open, Erik Holland has a brief bit as Diane's first customer, and Ron Frazier appears as a barfly who stands at the bar near Cliff (and who offers "Ben Hur" as their choice for the sweatiest movie ever made.)[24]
Production [ edit ]
left) and interior of the Bull & Finch Pub (now Exterior () and interior of the Bull & Finch Pub (now Cheers Beacon Hill ), which inspired the show's set
The creators of Cheers (and the crew of Taxi), co-writers Glen and Les Charles and director James Burrows, created a sitcom project in 1981. Initially set in a hotel, the setting changed to a hotel bar and finally a "Boston neighborhood bar". The show was filmed not in a pub, but on Stage 25 of the Paramount Studios lot. Cheers' set was inspired by the Bull & Finch Pub in Boston,[25] now known as Cheers Beacon Hill (pictured, right).[26] A Boston bar was chosen because of its "interior [made out of] brick, polished mahogany, and brass"; the city was chosen because it is "cosmopolitan", "a great sports town" and was not previously explored on television.[3] Because the creators are sports fans, an athletic element was added to the bar.[27] Burrows said that the show was intended to be about a bar which people visit for more than drinks.[3]
Jokes from earlier scripts were used. In one scene, Carla Tortelli orders a phone caller to do something about their unruly children. When one of the bartenders suggests hiring a babysitter, Carla replied that the caller was the babysitter. The cast did not know the ending of the pilot episode during production,[28] since the final draft of the script was dated April 16, 1982.[29]
Reception [ edit ]
Ratings [ edit ]
The NBC premiere lineup on September 30, 1982 consisted of (beginning at 8:00 pm Eastern and Pacific Time) Fame, Cheers, Taxi and Hill Street Blues. Cheers debuted at 9:00 pm against the two-hour season premiere of Magnum, P.I. and the one-hour season premiere of Too Close for Comfort.[30] It finished in 60th place[31] (out of 63 programs), with a 9.6 Nielsen rating.[32] In Alaska, it premiered on October 14, 1982 at 8:00 pm AKT.[33] On December 23, 1982 the episode was rerun,[34] receiving an 11.5 rating and finishing 57th out of 68 programs airing from December 20–26, 1982.[35]
Critical reaction [ edit ]
When the episode originally aired in 1982, Fred Rothenberg of the Associated Press called it an introduction to a "new wise-cracking comedy", "a warm and wacky companion of a television show, a delightful place to spend idle time, [and] a five-star watering hole" known as Cheers.[2] Television and radio critic Mike Drew said it was not great but "funnier [...] with cute lines [...] than" any other sitcom, even those (like Archie Bunker's Place on TV and Duffy's Tavern on radio) set in bars.[36] Fred L. Smith of The News and Courier found this episode similar to Taxi: "Both are set in a place of business−Cheers at a [Boston bar], Taxi at a [New York taxi company]—both have a sensible guy and a pretty, preppy girl as main characters—Ted Danson and Shelley Long in Cheers and Judd Hirsch and Marilu Henner in Taxi—and both are wacky comedies." They found it "amusing"; some jokes, funny; many others, forced; and the number of "weird characters" in the show greater than their real-life bar counterparts.[37]
In 2009, Lex Walker on the Just Press Play website found this episode "sadder and more sentimental" than funny; the episode focuses "less on character development and more on" Diane restarting their life as a waiter after the loss of love, and they said it contradicts "what [Cheers] will grow to be". Nevertheless, they called the episode a true introduction to the series and considered the intertwining stories of Sam and their friends the series' premise.[38] In 2010, Robin Raven from Yahoo! Voices called it one of their top five Cheers episodes.[39] In 2011, Austin Lugar from The Film Yap website called it the "best".[40] IGN ranked it number nine of the top ten Cheers episodes.[41]
Awards [ edit ]
At the 1983 Primetime Emmy Awards, writers and co-creators Glen and Les Charles won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series for this episode.[42][43][note 4] The brothers also received a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - Episodic Comedy.[44] The episode earned production designer Richard Sylbert and set decorator George Gaines an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Art Direction for a Series[43] (won by Tales of the Gold Monkey).[45]
Home media [ edit ]
The first home media release of the episode was a VHS cassette in the United States on September 29, 1993. It was part of the initial launch of seven cassettes by Paramount Home Video. One volume contained only the pilot episode itself, while each of other six volumes contained two episodes.[46] The episode was released on Region 1 DVD as part of the season one box on May 20, 2003,[47] and as part of Fan Favorites: The Best of Cheers on March 6, 2012.[48]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
There are calls for the Government to outline a plan to bring Ibrahim Halawa home.
Today marks the Dubliner's 31st trial date in Egypt.
Earlier this week, lawyers for the 21-year-old had their first chance to present a defence, but the judge will only reach a verdict after they have heard the cases of almost 500 co-defendants.
Ibrahim Halawa has been in jail since being arrested, as a teenager, at a demonstration in Cairo almost four years ago.
Sinn Féin has said the Government's refusal to intervene serves to legitimise a "farcical" trial process, and called for a plan to bring them back to Ireland.
Sinn Féin's MEP Lynn Boylan said: "We need to hear from the Taoiseach what the strategy is for bringing Ibrahim is. All we're hearing is we're going to wait until the trial is over, but we haven't seen what the strategy is.
"Have they sought in writing an assurance from President (Abdel Fattah el-) Sisi that they will keep that promise to release Ibrahim?"
When MaryLee and Ricardo began planning their wedding there was no question they both wanted to say their “I do's” in the city where they grew up. They only looked in Baltimore and their first stop was the Belvedere. The history, charm, and intricate details of the gorgeous Charles Ballroom at The Belvedere swept them off their feet. They knew they wanted to tie the knot the way they first met (acting at a local theater) – with a touch of drama. Because they are both lifelong Catholics, having Corpus Christi Church only a mile away was a dream come true. The gothic style, vaulted ceilings and striking stained glass windows gave them the timeless setting to say their forever vows. Charm City and the thespian details ended up inspiring the theme and decor of their Baltimore wedding day!
As they got ready they snacked on Utz crab chips and sipped from their Baltimore natty boh inspired koozies. You can't get much more Maryland that that! The rain stopped right as the bridal party arrived at the church and the two saw each other for the first time when MaryLee was escorted down the aisle by their father. The rest of the night was filled with great food (the seafood Maryland is known for), speeches that made them cry and laugh until their bellies hurt, and a rockin' dance floor. Thank you to Anna Schmidt Photography for sharing this Maryland hotel wedding with us today!
The following Maryland wedding professionals contributed to this Belvedere Maryland wedding:
Photography: Anna Schmidt Photography | Venue: Belvedere and Co | Church: Corpus Christi | Florals: Scentsational Florals | Dress: Maggie Sottero | DJ: ID Pro
London-listed oil companies have pulled workers from Iraqi Kurdistan as security forces battle with militants from the Islamic State in the semi-autonomous region.
Genel Energy said it was withdrawing staff from fields that had not started production, but insisted its fields at Taq Taq and Tawke were secure.
"We remain confident in the Kurdistan regional government's ability to maintain the territorial integrity of both the KRI and oil infrastructure," it said in a statement.
"In line with moves by other operators, we are taking the prudent and precautionary step of withdrawing non-essential personnel from our non-producing assets in the region," it added.
Meanwhile, Afren said it had suspended operations at the Barda Rash field.
"Working with our local security advisers, Afren is implementing a phased withdrawal of non-essential field personnel from the Barda Rash field," it said in a statement. "It is expected that we will return to field operations as soon as it is prudent to do so."
Iraqi Kurdistan had long been perceived as a bastion of stability in the country that has struggled to emerge from a security crisis following the withdrawal of US troops in 2011. The bombs and shootouts that had become an almost-daily occurrence in the capital Baghdad did not afflict the Kurdish city of Arbil.
That changed with the stunning advance of the Islamic State in northern Iraq. The ultra-violent militants seized the northern city of Mosul in June, after central government security forces fled the city.
While the ultra-violent jihadists refrained from attacking Kurdish forces in July, the group launched attacks against Kurdish peshmerga forces positions in early August.
The companies acted on the same day the US launched airstrikes against the Islamic State militants, saying it was acting to protect the vulnerable from slaughter, as well as US interests.
Tens of thousands of Iraqis from the Yazidi sect fled up the Sinjar Mountain following the Islamic State's capture of Sinjar city in early August.
Both the companies said there was no imminent threat to cash flow.
The channel through the chip splits into 64 branches, each with 200 chambers along it for trapping single cells. Image credit: Yoon Lab, University of MichiganANN ARBOR—A new device for studying tumor cells can trap 10,000 individual cells in a single chip.
The technique, developed at the University of Michigan, could one day help screen potential cancer treatments based on an individual patient's tumor and help researchers better understand so-called cancer stem cells. It also sheds light on a controversy: are large cells or small cells more likely to be cancer stem cells?
Cancer cells are not all the same, and one theory holds that no more than 5 percent of the cells in a tumor are cancer stem cells. These few may be the only cells capable of causing a relapse or metastasis.
“Most normal cells will die if they are not anchored to something, but cancer stem cells can survive. They can become circulating tumor cells and come to another area of the body,” said Euisik Yoon, professor of electrical engineering and computer science, and biomedical engineering.
The team led by Yoon designed and made a device that takes advantage of this ability in hopes of understanding cancer stem cells better: how to identify them, what causes them to grow or die, and how to target them with cancer treatments. Their chip contains up to 12,800 wells for catching individual cancer cells. The team tested the chip with breast cancer cells, donated by researchers in the U-M Comprehensive Cancer Center.
They mixed the cells into a solution and ran the liquid through tiny channels in a plastic chip. Each channel was lined with chambers for trapping single cells.
The chambers have small openings to a parallel channel, which creates a draft that draws cells in—sort of like the drain in a sink. Once a cell is trapped, it blocks that opening and stops the draft. This ensures that, most of the time, only one cell is pulled into each chamber.
The walls of the chamber are coated so that the cell can't latch on. As a result, normal cells that can't cause metastases die over the course of a few days, leaving behind just the cancer stem cells. These cells reproduce in their chambers, forming tiny floating colonies, or tumorspheres.
While the ability to isolate 10,000 individual cells is impressive, it wouldn't be useful if the team had to manually record every one, as required by most devices that capture cancer cells. The key is their computer algorithm, capable of combing through the microscope images and assessing the size and number of cells in each well. The algorithm's particular talent is identifying cells no matter whether they show up dimly or brightly in the microscope image.
“Our method is special because we really want to enable the study of many cells at once,” said Yu-Heng Cheng, a doctoral student in electrical engineering and computer science. “Cancer cells have many different appearances, and our algorithm recognizes them.”
Microscope images of cells in chambers on the day that they were trapped, after one week, and after two weeks. The top progression shows a single cancer cell that multiplied into a colony of tumor cells. The bottom progression shows a single cancer cell that died. Image credit: Yoon Lab, University of MichiganThe team tested cancer cells that originated from four different women, measuring the cells immediately, after one week and after the second week. The computer program tracked which cells grew into spheres and which self-destructed.
The team then looked for the answer to the puzzle of what size cell is most likely to be a stem cell. They compared the proportion of cells that went on to form tumorspheres, setting the smallest 30 percent of trapped single cells against the largest 30 percent.
Like most answers in cancer, it wasn't simple. For one cell line, the small cells were twice as likely to grow, while the opposite was true for another. For the third, size didn't matter at all, and for the fourth, large cells were several times more likely to grow.
But the team anticipates future studies to clarify the stem cell size question further.
“With this tool, experiments will be faster and easier, so we could screen many, many cell lines and potentially resolve the controversy here,” said Yu-Chih Chen, assistant research professor in electrical engineering and computer science and in the Comprehensive Cancer Center.
This study, titled “Scaling and automation of a high-throughput single-cell-derived tumor sphere assay chip,” is published in the journal Lab on a Chip. It was supported in part by NIH R21 CA175857 and 1R21 CA195016-01A1. The chip was produced by staff at the U-M Lurie Nanofabrication Facility.
More information:
Zombies? Strange happenings in Florida and Georgia a guest May 28th, 2012 57,212 Never a guest57,212Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 5.81 KB -5/3, but not reported until 5/16: Mad-cow Testing Equipment Nabbed by Thieves http://www.hispanicbusiness.com/2012/5/16/madcow_testing_equipment_nabbed_by_thieves.htm -5/3, but not reported until 5/17: Stolen medical equipment may carry deadly brain disease http://www.cfnews13.com/content/news/cfnews13/news/article.html/content/news/articles/cfn/2012/5/17/stolen_medical_equip.html -5/4: Atlanta man bitten by rabid bat http://www.ajc.com/news/man-bitten-by-rabid-1431464.html -5/4: A man's illness could have been transmitted by BSE http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2012/05/05/2003532065 -5/7, about the same cow as seen on 5/18 and without referencing the above: Atypical BSE Has Never Led To Human vCJD - But Could It? http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/05/atypical-bse-has-never-led-to-human-vcjd-but-could-it/ -5/9: Fox attacked Morganton, Ga., woman, tested positive for rabies http://timesfreepress.com/news/2012/may/09/fox-attacked-morganton-ga-woman-tested-positive-ra/?breakingnews -5/11: Suspected human rabies exposures surge in Palm Beach, FL http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2012-05-11/health/fl-palm-rabies-exposures-20120510_1_rabies-vaccinations-animal-care-control-dave-walesky -5/14: North Georgia officials warn residents of rabies increase http://www.wrcbtv.com/story/18385795/north-georgia-officials-warn-residents-of-rabies-increase -5/15: Florida Raccoon Tested Positive for Rabies http://www.wtvy.com/home/headlines/Florida_Raccoon_Tested_Positive_for_Rabies_151641535.html -5/15: Hazmat teams blow up mysterious smoking drum in Hollywood, FL http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/state/hazmat-teams-blow-up-mysterious-smoking-drum-in-2357686.html -5/16, : McArthur High School HazMat Situation: Students, Teachers Decontaminated After Breaking Out In Rash http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/16/mcarthur-high-school-contamination_n_1521764.html -5/16: Clinical Data Published for a Phase I AADC-deficiency Trial Using a Gene Therapy Manufactured by Florida Biologix http://www.marketwatch.com/story/clinical-data-published-for-a-phase-i-aadc-deficiency-trial-using-a-gene-therapy-manufactured-by-florida-biologix-2012-05-16 -5/16: Children with rare, incurable brain disease improve after gene therapy http://news.ufl.edu/2012/05/16/gene/ -5/16: Gene Therapy for Brain Disease: Delivering a missing enzyme to the brains of paralyzed children with a rare, life-threatening neurological disease restores movement and builds muscle mass. http://the-scientist.com/2012/05/16/gene-therapy-for-brain-disease/ -5/17: Polk Co., FL confirms 6th positive rabies case after 2 dogs found with dead raccoon http://www.therepublic.com/view/story/2b01b9048f9e47729d913dac88fca1d2/FL--Rabies-Polk-County/ -5/17: Rabies alert issued in Suwannee County, FL http://suwanneedemocrat.com/local/x234161220/Rabies-alert-issued-in-Suwannee-County -5/17, after Taiwanese man (referenced in 5/4) contracts human mad cow disease: Florida Biologix helps Taiwan University Hospital achieve manufacturing objectives http://manufacturing.pharmaceutical-business-review.com/news/florida-biologix-helps-taiwan-university-hospital-achieve-manufacturing-objectives-170512 -5/18, in Washington: Review so far shows mad cow case was atypical http://wtaq.com/news/articles/2012/may/18/review-so-far-shows-mad-cow-case-was-atypical/ -5/19: No confirmation on chemical at Fort Lauderdale International Airport http://www.wptv.com/dpp/news/terminal-2-evacuated-at-fort-lauderdale-airport-in-hazmat-scare -5/21: Police: Man bites woman in Westchester http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/westchester/newsnow/x639948018/Police-Man-bites-woman-in-Westchester -5/21: 24 people treated after Dalton, GA chemical release http://www.wtvm.com/story/18571497/24-people-treated-after-dalton-chemical-release -5/21: Third case of flesh-eating disease diagnosed in Ga. http://www.wsbtv.com/news/news/third-case-flesh-eating-disease-diagnosed-ga/nPBPG/ -5/23: I-285 reopens after hazmat incident http://www.wesh.com/r/31112110/detail.html -5/23: Man Bites Cousin's Nose Off http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Man-Bites-Cousins-Nose-Off-153100125.html -5/24: Second Broward school reports mystery rash http://www.miamiherald.com/2012/05/24/2815003/second-broward-school-reports.html -5/25: Hazmat Called After Kids Exposed To Pesticide On Bus: Hazmat, EMS Respond To Lake County, FL School http://www.wesh.com/r/31112110/detail.html -5/25: Boynton Beach roads shut down after tanker rollover actively leaking fuel http://www.wflx.com/story/18625981/boynton-beach-road-shut-down-after-tanker-rollover -5/25: 'Disoriented' passenger subdued on flight in Miami http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/05/25/passenger-restrained-on-flight-to-miami-arrested/ -5/25: Lake in Palm Bay permanently closed to swimmers http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/floridatoday/access/2669326701.html?FMT=FT&FMTS=ABS:FT&type=current&fmac=e2db29ecf40534aa81c590dab8c0a335&date=May+25%2C+2012&author=Stacey+Barchenger&desc=Lake+in+Palm+Bay+permanently+closed+to+swimmers -5/26: Naked Man Allegedly Eating Victim's Face Shot And Killed By Miami Police http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/26/naked-man-eating-victims-face-killed-miami_n_1548359.html -5/26: Florida Doctor Spits Blood at Highway Patrolmen After DUI Arrest http://abcnews.go.com/US/florida-doctor-spits-blood-troopers-face-dui-arrest/story?id=16436402 -5/27: Georgia contractor bites Lowe's employees, resists arrest http://columbus.wtvm.com/news/crime/54763-contractor-bites-lowes-employees-resists-arrest -5/27: North Broward boil-water notice in effect through Monday http://www.sun-sentinel.com/fl-boil-water-sunday-brf-20120527,0,7437699.story -5/28: Group urges halt of U.S. beef imports due to 'L-type' human mad cow disease http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2012/05/28/2003533928
RAW Paste Data
-5/3, but not reported until 5/16: Mad-cow Testing Equipment Nabbed by Thieves http://www.hispanicbusiness.com/2012/5/16/madcow_testing_equipment_nabbed_by_thieves.htm -5/3, but not reported until 5/17: Stolen medical equipment may carry deadly brain disease http://www.cfnews13.com/content/news/cfnews13/news/article.html/content/news/articles/cfn/2012/5/17/stolen_medical_equip.html -5/4: Atlanta man bitten by rabid bat http://www.ajc.com/news/man-bitten-by-rabid-1431464.html -5/4: A man's illness could have been transmitted by BSE http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2012/05/05/2003532065 -5/7, about the same cow as seen on 5/18 and without referencing the above: Atypical BSE Has Never Led To Human vCJD - But Could It? http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/05/atypical-bse-has-never-led-to-human-vcjd-but-could-it/ -5/9: Fox attacked Morganton, Ga., woman, tested positive for rabies http://timesfreepress.com/news/2012/may/09/fox-attacked-morganton-ga-woman-tested-positive-ra/?breakingnews -5/11: Suspected human rabies exposures surge in Palm Beach, FL http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2012-05-11/health/fl-palm-rabies-exposures-20120510_1_rabies-vaccinations-animal-care-control-dave-walesky -5/14: North Georgia officials warn residents of rabies increase http://www.wrcbtv.com/story/18385795/north-georgia-officials-warn-residents-of-rabies-increase -5/15: Florida Raccoon Tested Positive for Rabies http://www.wtvy.com/home/headlines/Florida_Raccoon_Tested_Positive_for_Rabies_151641535.html -5/15: Hazmat teams blow up mysterious smoking drum in Hollywood, FL http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/state/hazmat-teams-blow-up-mysterious-smoking-drum-in-2357686.html -5/16, : McArthur High School HazMat Situation: Students, Teachers Decontaminated After Breaking Out In Rash http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/16/mcarthur-high-school-contamination_n_1521764.html -5/16: Clinical Data Published for a Phase I AADC-deficiency Trial Using a Gene Therapy Manufactured by Florida Biologix http://www.marketwatch.com/story/clinical-data-published-for-a-phase-i-aadc-deficiency-trial-using-a-gene-therapy-manufactured-by-florida-biologix-2012-05-16 -5/16: Children with rare, incurable brain disease improve after gene therapy http://news.ufl.edu/2012/05/16/gene/ -5/16: Gene Therapy for Brain Disease: Delivering a missing enzyme to the brains of paralyzed children with a rare, life-threatening neurological disease restores movement and builds muscle mass. http://the-scientist.com/2012/05/16/gene-therapy-for-brain-disease/ -5/17: Polk Co., FL confirms 6th positive rabies case after 2 dogs found with dead raccoon http://www.therepublic.com/view/story/2b01b9048f9e47729d913dac88fca1d2/FL--Rabies-Polk-County/ -5/17: Rabies alert issued in Suwannee County, FL http://suwanneedemocrat.com/local/x234161220/Rabies-alert-issued-in-Suwannee-County -5/17, after Taiwanese man (referenced in 5/4) contracts human mad cow disease: Florida Biologix helps Taiwan University Hospital achieve manufacturing objectives http://manufacturing.pharmaceutical-business-review.com/news/florida-biologix-helps-taiwan-university-hospital-achieve-manufacturing-objectives-170512 -5/18, in Washington: Review so far shows mad cow case was atypical http://wtaq.com/news/articles/2012/may/18/review-so-far-shows-mad-cow-case-was-atypical/ -5/19: No confirmation on chemical at Fort Lauderdale International Airport http://www.wptv.com/dpp/news/terminal-2-evacuated-at-fort-lauderdale-airport-in-hazmat-scare -5/21: Police: Man bites woman in Westchester http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/westchester/newsnow/x639948018/Police-Man-bites-woman-in-Westchester -5/21: 24 people treated after Dalton, GA chemical release http://www.wtvm.com/story/18571497/24-people-treated-after-dalton-chemical-release -5/21: Third case of flesh-eating disease diagnosed in Ga. http://www.wsbtv.com/news/news/third-case-flesh-eating-disease-diagnosed-ga/nPBPG/ -5/23: I-285 reopens after hazmat incident http://www.wesh.com/r/31112110/detail.html -5/23: Man Bites Cousin's Nose Off http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Man-Bites-Cousins-Nose-Off-153100125.html -5/24: Second Broward school reports mystery rash http://www.miamiherald.com/2012/05/24/2815003/second-broward-school-reports.html -5/25: Hazmat Called After Kids Exposed To Pesticide On Bus: Hazmat, EMS Respond To Lake County, FL School http://www.wesh.com/r/31112110/detail.html -5/25: Boynton Beach roads shut down after tanker rollover actively leaking fuel http://www.wflx.com/story/18625981/boynton-beach-road-shut-down-after-tanker-rollover -5/25: 'Disoriented' passenger subdued on flight in Miami http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/05/25/passenger-restrained-on-flight-to-miami-arrested/ -5/25: Lake in Palm Bay permanently closed to swimmers http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/floridatoday/access/2669326701.html?FMT=FT&FMTS=ABS:FT&type=current&fmac=e2db29ecf40534aa81c590dab8c0a335&date=May+25%2C+2012&author=Stacey+Barchenger&desc=Lake+in+Palm+Bay+permanently+closed+to+swimmers -5/26: Naked Man Allegedly Eating Victim's Face Shot And Killed By Miami Police http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/26/naked-man-eating-victims-face-killed-miami_n_1548359.html -5/26: Florida Doctor Spits Blood at Highway Patrolmen After DUI Arrest http://abcnews.go.com/US/florida-doctor-spits-blood-troopers-face-dui-arrest/story?id=16436402 -5/27: Georgia contractor bites Lowe's employees, resists arrest http://columbus.wtvm.com/news/crime/54763-contractor-bites-lowes-employees-resists-arrest -5/27: North Broward boil-water notice in effect through Monday http://www.sun-sentinel.com/fl-boil-water-sunday-brf-20120527,0,7437699.story -5/28: Group urges halt of U.S. beef imports due to 'L-type' human mad cow disease http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2012/05/28/2003533928
It's an absolute tragedy that in 2014, we are reading newspaper reports and listening to radio bulletins about petitions to suspend and banish a schoolboy for expressing their opinion about the bloodshed in Gaza. Even more so given our country's dark past and the price paid for our beacon of light: our proud Constitution. But since we are, ALEX ELISEEV offers their analysis.
Joshua Broomberg. You may as well start getting familiar with the name now because they are, without a doubt, one of tomorrow's leaders.
Love him, hate him, agree or disagree with their views on the world, Broomberg is a young man to watch because of the courage they have already displayed.
The deputy head boy of King David in Victory Park was completely unknown until they were tagged in a photograph on Facebook, along with their teammates, who are attending an international debating competition. An otherwise ordinary image of three neatly dressed boys on an overseas adventure… except for the traditional Palestinian scarves – Keffiyehs – draped around their necks.
If you thought last week's earthquake shook the country, you should see what this photograph did in the Jewish community. I'll spare you the details (you can read more about them in Saul Musker's piece in Daily Maverick) save to say that opinion was divided between praise and threats of violent death involving an M16 (the idea of someone threatening to gun down a teenager with a military rifle should fill you with dread).
Anyone who has ventured into the comment sections on some of the country's most popular news websites will shrug this off as just another day in South Africa. Only it wasn't. Aside from the vile sewage that spewed from invisible keyboards, there was also a petition to have Broomberg suspended from their school. Not only that, but also to strip them of their honours and to exile them into the desert of shame.
How many people could be so intolerant – so hateful – as to sign this petition? Ten? Twenty? Fifty? Try hundreds. In fact, at last count, the petition had reached 2,000 signatures.
In other words, hundreds of people were willing to associate themselves with a campaign against a teenager whose only “offence” was to speak their mind – through the use of a symbol – to a country where free speech is a protected Constitutional right.
Granted, the issue of Gaza is a political and social landmine, with a trigger that can be set off by a falling feather. Many have stepped out of an impossibly narrow line and have been blown to pieces. Never have journalists and editors received such fierce backlash for their coverage of the violence raging in the Middle East. A single word becomes a missile when speaking or writing about the issue.
But heightened sensitivities are not an excuse for turning the barrels on a boy who, to their credit, is so aware of global current affairs. Few can claim to be that politically awake at such a young age. Even fewer would have the guts to go against the grain: to publicly lend support to Palestinians while attending a Jewish school. Even if the situation was reversed and they were supporting Israel while attending a school which sympathises with Palestine, it would make no difference. The point would remain that their courage (right or wrong) lies in their ability to step out from the herd. To stand alone, if need be.
Former government minister, Ronnie Kasrils, responded to the petition against Broomberg by calling it “despicable” and “disgraceful”. They said it is clear that Joshua is made of “sterling stuff” and compared them to anti-Apartheid stalwarts like Joe Slovo, Helen Joseph and Braam Fischer. Kasrils said Broomberg was following Nelson Mandela's example.
Fortunately, there was a counter-petition supporting Broomberg. This one was signed by former leaders of the same school.
“We don't need to agree with Josh's views to respect their right to hold and express them,” the petition read. “This is about more than just one particular person. It is about guarding against the development of a culture of victimisation and censorship.”
I didn't recognise any names on the list of past pupils who signed this pledge, but I hope they are on their way to becoming journalists.
Speaking on behalf of the school, the South African Board on Jewish Education said it would “rise above” the social media meltdown and the frantic calls of the first (anti-Broomberg) campaign. The comments of the organisation's Rabbi Craig Kacev were sensible and much needed. Kacev said the entire incident had been blown out of proportion and that all they were doing was speaking to the pupil and their family. Communication with them is restricted to telephone and Skype, since he's still abroad competing (with their team doing extremely well).
“We encourage critical thinking,” Kacev said. “ We encourage our learners to debate. There is no censorship in our school.”
They added that there was no talk of any punitive action against Broomberg.
The tremors of this scandal will pass. But they will leave us with much to think about.
While adults are waging wars in which children are dying, while rockets fly or fall and buildings collapse, and while grown men and women throw slime at each other in cyberspace, a teenager from South Africa has said the words which they – we – all need to hear. Some have questioned their legitimacy to sharing wisdom at such a young age, but never have so few words been so important, particularly at a time when tribes are being formed and sanity is in short supply. Broomberg's reply to their critics (the silver lining in an otherwise depressing scandal) was powerful and precise, but this was perhaps the crux of it: “I do believe in Israel and I take this stand because I can love and support the state of Israel, but still reject and criticise some of its actions.” This can apply to all sides.
They added: “We do not for a second condone any violence whatsoever. We stand for peace.” DM
Alex Eliseev is an Eyewitness News reporter. Follow them at @alexeliseev
Photo courtesy of Chris.
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCAN'T?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme. While not quite a "state of mind", it is a mindset: it's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it's about having the will to support that endeavour.
From the #GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS, Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it's political landscape. As we enter an election year, our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important. A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud; without it, national polls can turn very nasty, very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo.
If you would like a practical, tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider. You choose how much to contribute and how often (monthly or annually) and in exchange, you will receive a host of awesome benefits. The greatest benefit of all (besides inner peace)? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support.
Alex Eliseev Follow Save More
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments. To join the conversation, sign up as a Maverick Insider.
It's been 17 years since 30-year-old Debbie Melo disappeared in Weymouth. For law enforcement and family members, the search for clues continues on for the Taunton mother of two.
WEYMOUTH - Behind the treeline along Route 18 in South Weymouth, dozens of posh new apartments and condominiums are taking over the wooded area where police once conducted a massive search for a missing 30-year-old mother from Taunton.
Seventeen years ago, police used officers, dogs and a helicopter to comb the closed 1,400-acre South Weymouth Naval Air Base, now the Union Point development, in search of Debbie Melo. There was no trace of them on the air base or the area around Hartstone florist across the street where their husband told investigators they dropped them off after an argument.
Investigators say the search in June 2000 missed nothing, and there are no plans to repeat that effort as the air base property is developed. Even Melo's family, who once held vigils along Route 18, say there are likely no answers in Weymouth.
Instead, the family and investigators are left with the same question they had 17 years ago: What happened to Debbie Melo?
Statistics suggest they may never know.
The FBI's National Crime Information Center, contains a missing persons database of 88,040 names, including 54,334 adults and 33,706 children. While most missing persons are found within weeks, many aren't. The National Missing and Unidentified Persons System reports that 4,400 unidentified human remains are found each year and more than 1,000 remain unidentified after a year's time. Nationwide, there are upwards of 40,000 human remains that have continued to go unidentified, the agency reports.
“I never in a million years thought it was going to be this long. Every year that passes by I say please don't let it be another year,” Debbie Melo's sister Patricia White, 45, said during a recent interview at their Taunton home.
Debbie and Luis Melo lived on Baylies Road in Taunton and managed a Dunkin' Donuts restaurant on Ivory Street in Braintree. They had a son and daughter, then 10 and 13.
They had been married for 14 years, but family members described their relationship as rocky, and said that Debbie Melo was planning to file for divorce. In 1996, Debbie Melo filed a restraining order against their husband saying they were fearful of him.
On June 20, 2000, their husband picked them up from a dermatologist appointment on Route 18 in South Weymouth. The couple headed south towards home in Taunton. Luis Melo, told police they got out of the car on Route 18 in Weymouth near the flower store during an argument. They told police they continued a short distance down the road before turning back for their wife, but they aren't there. They figured they would go home, so did not report them missing until the following day, investigators said at the time.
Luis Melo was questioned by police and searches were conducted behind the couple's home in Taunton and near the Taunton River, but no one was ever arrested and a suspect was never named. Luis Melo did not respond to a request for an interview for this story.
White said they and other family members have questioned the chronology of events the day their sister vanished.
“She did go to the doctor's appointment. That was the last place they were seen,” White said.
Case frustrates police
Even now, White hopes that a hunter, hiker or construction worker, whether in Weymouth, Taunton or elsewhere, will stumble across a clue.
Thoughts of their sister are with them constantly, White said. “You're driving and your constantly thinking ‘Could they be here? Could they be here?' What happened? How come I don't know? What have they said to me in the past that I'm not remembering that could help me with finding her?”
Investigators also hope for fresh clues.
“Cases like this one, and this isn't the only one, are very frustrating. I meet with my state police detectives regularly on unsolved cases, asking what more can be done. I don't use the term cold case, because they are not cold for the families left behind and they shouldn't be cold to us,” Norfolk County District Attorney Michael Morrissey said.
The disappearance of Debbie Melo remains under the jurisdiction of the Weymouth police department as a missing persons case, but information and resources are shared between the Norfolk and Bristol county district attorney's offices and Weymouth and Taunton police, officials said.
Bristol County District Attorney Thomas Quinn said their office continues to assign a State Police investigator to the case.
Weymouth police Capt. Richard Fuller said the disappearance of Debbie Melo – the only unsolved missing persons case in the department's files – continues to frustrate detectives.
“Over the years we have received several tips. We investigate each tip and also share the information with the other jurisdictions. I have to believe that there is someone out there that knows something and I hope that person will come forward,” they said.
Back in Taunton, White and their former husband, Steven DeMoura, said they too have never stopped searching. They do not believe Debbie Melo would have left their children or family to start a new life.
DeMoura, who was still married to White when Melo went missing, said they have searched hundreds of locations, trudging through swamps, forests and abandoned properties.
“It was a full-time job during the first three years.” DeMoura, 45, of Taunton said. “We followed up on leads. The police can't usually follow up on a lead unless they have some kind of evidence. Not just because Joe Schmoe says it's in your backyard or it's over behind that house over there. They need search warrants and everything else. We'll go out at 2 o'clock in the morning, 3 o'clock in the morning just because somebody said something.”
I've seen both sides, where families just totally give up and they don't talk about it anymore and ... others that embrace law enforcement. It depends on their ability to endure it.
-- Monica Caison, Community United Effort Center for Missing Persons
They've been approached by countless psychics and mediums who claim to know where Melo is or where their remains are located.
“So what do you do? Do you ignore it? Deep down your thinking ‘Oh God, here goes another one.' But you have to follow up with it. You've just got to go and look and at least see the place where they're saying,” White said.
Family will never stop searching
Through it all, Melo's family has never given up hope. White said they constantly watch murder mystery documentaries and TV shows to make sure there's no angle they haven't thought of or considered.
Each year they gather together outdoors to hold signs with Melo's picture and the word “Missing” in big bold letters. Last year the family gathered at the Taunton Green. In year's past they've stood out on Route 18 in Weymouth.
Stephanie Hartwell, professor of sociology at the University of Massachusetts in Boston, said they understand the Melo family's grief.
“In a case like this closure would be incredibly important as the family would ultimately find out what happened to their beloved. They likely have a million scenarios or maybe just one, but closure would mean they can put their loved one to rest,” they said.
Missing persons expert Monica Caison, founder of the national Community United Effort Center for Missing Persons in North Carolina, said Melo's family is doing the right thing by keeping their story before the public.
“I've seen both sides, where families just totally give up and they don't talk about it anymore and they're bitter and they turn against law enforcement and I've seen others that embrace law enforcement and the next detective to come in and the next detective to come in,” Caison said. “It depends on their ability to endure it.”
White said the family will never give up the search, a feeling White and DeMoura passed down to their daughter, Olivia, 19, who was 2 when their aunt disappeared.
“Within the community it hasn't been forgotten. A lot of people ask me if we've heard anything about my sister. Any news? Anything? I'll always say no,” White said. “I want it out worldwide. I want people to know that they aren't forgotten, because she's not.”
ISIL leader's order to their people to fight until the end indicates that the group is prepared for a long haul in Mosul, Hassan Hassan writes
An eerie feel is emerging from Iraq about how the government forces perceive the continuing battle to retake Mosul, which enters its fourth week today. More than two years after the American-led campaign against ISIL began, one expects that the ground forces battling the group now have a realistic grip of its capabilities. But that does not seem to be the case in the battle of Mosul. And there is a lesson to be learnt as the United States opens a new front in Raqqa.
Reports from the ground suggest that Iraqi forces feel they are facing a different ISIL and that Mosul is a much harder battle than they initially anticipated. “My views about Mosul have changed after what I saw in Kirkuk,” Karwan Taha, a Kurdish fighter, told The Guardian after ISIL stormed Kirkuk a week into the anti-ISIL offensive in Nineveh.
The sentiment of fighters such as Mr Taha intensified even more over the past few days. A result of three poor assessments that came crashing down last week.
The first one was that Iraqi and American forces were uncertain about ISIL's calculations for Mosul. With few exceptions, the militants typically withdrew from a losing battle even if they would initially resist before they wire the city with improvised explosive devices and flee. The IEDs would prove to be a massive challenge for the government forces sometimes months after the group withdrew. The costly pattern made their withdrawal from Mosul a possibility. The United States allowed them safe passage through the vast desert area west of Mosul, and officials even made public statements that fleeing was an option.
Second, the pattern of withdrawal also inflated the Iraqi forces' confidence that the battle in Mosul, while it will certainly be more challenging given the large population and territory, would at least follow the same template. Statements along the lines that the battle would be over within days or weeks and that ISIL was done in Iraq were common.
Finally, disinformation about the internal situation within ISIL and Mosul portrayed ISIL as crumbling even before the government forces began the campaign. Officials cited – as yet unverified – incidents of internal or popular rebellions against ISIL and that ISIL leaders and fighters already fled the city. Such reports are understandable – as part of the psychological warfare to confuse the group amid difficulties for the militants to communicate inside and outside the city.
But the group's intention to defend the city to the last man should not have been doubted. Disinformation about internal fracture speaks of poor understanding of a group that been preparing for the fight in Mosul since the first air strike in August 2014.
The assessments have been damaging to the Iraqi forces instead. It is now clear that the almost certain victory will come against the backdrop of significantly more destruction and human casualty. The federal police has already sustained heavy losses in Kirkuk and areas south of Mosul, and protracted fighting might burn out the elite forces that currently serve as the backbone of the operation.
The speech by Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi on Thursday left no room for doubts about what the group will do. In their first statement since December, Al Baghdadi ordered their followers to stand and fight – the first time an ISIL leader commanded followers not to flee. The order to fight until the end also indicates the group has chosen Mosul to be a long and ugly war, otherwise Al Baghdadi would not risk making such a rare order publicly.
Al Baghdadi's remarks set a trap for the US. ISIL's decision to stand and fight adds to the urgency of starting a planned offensive to isolate and retake Raqqa, an effort that has already begun. The Americans wanted an offensive in Raqqa to maintain the momentum against ISIL. After Al Baghdadi's speech, a campaign at the outskirts of Raqqa might be deemed even more necessary to ensure ISIL is stretched thin in its two capitals. But while the logic is sound, an assault on Raqqa will be rushed and counterproductive.
Raqqa is not Mosul and Syria is not Iraq. The composition of the forces fighting in Mosul presents an opportunity for Iraq to rebuild Mosul and begin a process of reconciliation. Syria lacks such forces. Syrian opposition forces, the only popularly acceptable force that should retake and hold the city, do not yet have the ability to do so. The US has consciously avoided relying on them for the effort. Instead, American officials insist that the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) should spearhead the fight to retake Raqqa.
The SDF is perceived suspiciously locally, and American officials know this full well. Why would Washington ask Shia militias to stay out of Mosul, for example, but insist the SDF lead the Raqqa onslaught? Some in Washington say that the SDF will only pave the way for local fighters to enter the city. But the real fighting will be inside Raqqa and the Arab components within the SDF are poorly equipped for such a task.
The US had two years to train local fighters who could enter Raqqa. The offensive has begun, yet Brett McGurk, the US special envoy to the anti-ISIL coalition, says training platforms for local fighters are only now ready and some locals have signed up.
The full remark by Mr McGurk about preparations for Raqqa says it all: “The forces that we want as a vanguard to that force are locally based Arab forces who know the terrain and know the territory,” they told PBS on Saturday. “We have a number of them already signed up. We have the training platforms ready to go.”
Hassan Hassan is a resident fellow at the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy and co-author of ISIS: Inside the Army of Terror
On Twitter: @hxhassan
This article is over 5 years old
The Ecuador striker Christian Benítez died on Monday morning after suffering a cardiorespiratory arrest, less than a month after signing for Qatari club Al Jaish.
Benítez was admitted to hospital with severe stomach pain hours after making their debut against Qatar Sports Club in the Sheikh Jassem Cup but died shortly afterwards. They were 27.
Benítez joined Al Jaish earlier in July from Club America, after previous spells with El Nacional, Santos Laguna and Birmingham.
An Ecuador Football Federation (FEF) statement read: "The FEF regrets to inform you of the death of Christian Benítez, the striker of Qatar club Al Jaish and the Ecuador national team.
"Benítez, who was with their new club in Qatar, had a severe stomach pain, which was why they were rushed to a hospital, where after a few hours suffered they suffered a cardiorespiratory arrest, which ended their lives.
"The Ecuadorian Football Federation extends its heartfelt sympathy to the family – parents, wife, children – and friends of our striker Christian Benítez.
"May they rest in peace."
Benitez was a regular for their country and made the Ecuador squad for the 2006 World Cup finals in Germany. Al Jaish were stunned at the player's death so soon after their arrival.
A statement read: "The club would like to offer its sincere condolences to the family of the player. Benítez had recently joined the club from Club America for three seasons. The player participated for the first time with the team during yesterday's match against Qatar Sports Club in the Sheikh Jassem Cup without complaining of any health problems.
"His sudden departure is a big shock for each member of the technical and administrative staff. They were a player that over the short period they were here was regarded for their high moral character."
Tributes were quick to arrive with the Manchester United winger, and Ecuador team-mate, Antonio Valencia tweeting a picture of the pair together.
The Sunderland midfielder Craig Gardner, who played with Benítez at Birmingham, said on the social networking site: "Can't believe Christian Benítez aka chucho has died had the pleasure to play with them they were a top bloke. My thoughts go out to their family."
A tweet from Club America read: "You left as a champion, you will always be in our hearts. Rest in Peace Christian Benítez."
A Birmingham statement read: "Birmingham City Football Club is saddened to learn of the passing of former striker Christian 'Chucho' Benítez. The thoughts of all associated with the football club are with Chucho's family and friends at this very sad time.
"Chucho's passing will now be marked at St Andrew's ahead of Saturday's fixture against Watford.
"The Ecuador international was an immensely-popular character during their time at the football club. During a season-long loan from Mexican club Santos Laguna in 2009-10, Chucho made 36 appearances scoring four goals."
Uni Watch Exclusive â€” New NBA and WNBA Leaks
About a month ago someone sent me some graphics that they claimed to be from the Clippers' upcoming redesign. I wrote back to this person — let's call them Source One — and asked them all the things I usually ask when someone claims to be sending me a leak: Who are you? How did you gain access to these materials? How do I know that this content is legit? They didn't respond, so I asked them again a few days later. Again, no response.
The graphics appeared Photoshopped and looked like something that would be included in a design proposal, not in a final design package. That, along with Source One's failure to respond to my queries, made me pretty sure the whole thing was bogus.
Yesterday, however, I heard from someone else — let's call them Source Two — who said they had seen the Clippers' new logo. I asked the same questions (who are you, how did you get to see the logo, etc.), and Source Two responded in a way that satisfied me as to their legitimacy. So I pulled one of the logos that Source One had sent me a month earlier, sent it to Source Two, and said, “Is this what you saw?”
Their response: “Yes.”
Now, this doesn't necessarily mean that the Clippers are definitely going with the entire graphics package that was shown to me by Source One. But it probably means that they're going with something pretty close to it. With that caveat in mind, here's what Source One originally sent to me (you can click the first one to enlarge):
The logo tagged as “Secondary” is the one that Source Two says he's seen. The captions are similar to what you'd find in a branding proposal from a design firm, and I suspect that's where these were taken from. I expect some details will be different in the finished design. And just to be clear, I do not have any independent confirmation on any of these elements except for that one secondary logo. But if that logo is being used, it seems like a fair bet that the rest of the package, or something similar to it, is also in the works.
Update: Another source has confirmed that these Clippers designs are legit.
Meanwhile, in a related item, yet another reader — we'll call them Source Three — has provided an early look at a new uniform and style sheet that the WNBA's Chicago Sky will be using in 2016 (click to enlarge):
“At first I thought they were getting rid of the white home jerseys all together,” says Source Three, “but now I think the ‘Ampilfy' set must be an alternate series like ‘Heritage' in the NBA. Maybe something to tie in with the WNBA's 20th anniversary in 2016..? Just my educated guesswork at this point.”
I'm sure there's going to be a lot of gnashing of teeth in the NBA offices over this post, which means it's time for me to trot out my usual reminder: Teams and leagues could easily inoculate themselves against these types of leaks (at least from me) by working with me and showing me stuff in advance on an embargoed basis. If the NBA had done that with the Clippers and Sky designs, I wouldn't have been able to post these items today, because I've never revealed embargoed content and I never will. But if you don't work with me, then everything's fair game. Think about it, people.
Finally, it's worth noting that some leaks don't come from anonymous sources — they come from the teams themselves. That may be the case in Minnesota, where two Timberwolves execs tweeted photos of the team's new practice facility and, in the process, appear to have given a sneak peek at some changes that are afoot. Since these photos came from high-ranking team execs, I'm assuming they intended the tweets to be teasers for the team's upcoming changes, but I took the liberty of saving the photos, just in case they have a change of heart and delete the tweets (click to enlarge):
As reader Josh VanKlompenburg points out, there are at least three changes evident in these photos: (1) A deeper shade of blue; (2) a new wordmark; and (3) the trim on the upper-right portion of the logo has changed from blue to grey.
Update: Just got a note from Timberwolves marketing exec Ted Johnson, as follows:
Want to correct a couple of items regarding our new facility and the design on the courts that just appeared on your site. Short answer is that we are not changing our uniforms. The Navy blue and Benton Sans font that you see on the court is a “facility” font and color for our new training complex that houses the Wolves, Lynx, Team Pro Shop and a Mayo Clinic Sports Medicine Center. We'll be unveiling the name of the facility and logo soon but that is why you see these on the court design. The Lynx court is being painted this week and will have the same border coloration and font usage. You will also note the practice courts do not carry the same stain coloration as our performance courts and the naming partner is different (Target Center for performance court and Mayo Clinic for the new practice facility). The idea is that we would have a simplified design for everything in the facility that will work for multiple teams/tenants/brands and not be subject to as much change as our courts/uniforms over the lifespan of this facility ”“which should be 20 years or so.
And there you have it.
• • • • •
Boys with toys, part 713: Major idiocy last night from the Mississippi State baseball team, which wore these “Viva Starkvegas” BP jerseys — a play on the school's location in Starkville, Mississippi. The design is bad enough, but the jerseys also had some hidden digs at the Bulldogs' rival, the University of Mississippi. In at least two spots, the pattern spells out “F–k the school up north”:
The school's athletic director quickly apologized. So did Adidas, whose spokesperson issued the following attempt at damage control:
“The Bulldogs' base-layer graphic today featured old artwork that was never presented to the university. This graphic does not reflect our brand values nor those of Mississippi State. We take full responsibility for this error and wish Mississippi State the best of luck during Super Bulldog Weekend.
I don't really care who's more at fault here, because these clowns all deserve each other. A pox on all their houses.
• • • • •
'Skins Watch : Machinations over a new stadium for the 'Skins have been complicated by the team's name (from Tommy Turner). ”¦ Here's video of some of the protests and confrontations that took place at the Indians' home opener (thanks, Phil). ”¦ Native American tribal leaders in Maine are meeting with a local high school to discuss changing the school's team name from “Indians” to something else (from Paul Dillon). ”¦ Kenn Tomasch's girlfriend got a credit card offer from Bank of America in the mail the other day. “They used Chief Wahoo on the envelope, but they appear nowhere else in the enclosed offer,” they say. ”¦ Some students at VCU have developed some concepts to rebrand the 'Skins (from @SeanPLastName). ”¦ The bad news is that Montville High School in Connecticut calls its teams the Indians. The worse news, as you can just barely see in this photo, is that they also use Chief Wahoo (from Matthew Edwards).
Baseball News : Lots of great visuals in this illustrated history of Toronto baseball, dating back to the 1850s (from Ted Arnold). ”¦ Great early shot of Babe Ruth with future U.S. president George H.W. Bush, with the latter in their Yale baseball uni (from Gordon Blau). ”¦ Dodgers P Hyun-jin Ryu wore a yellow ribbon pinned to their jersey two nights ago, presumably to mark the anniversary of last year's South Korean ferry disaster. There were lots of ribbons in the Korean sports world as well (from Matt Ryburn and Allen Kim). ”¦ “My son received their first-ever Little League uniform Wednesday,” writes Andrew Hoenig. “They handed out the T-shirts (dark blue with Columbia blue printing), caps (Columbia blue), grey pants, and dark blue socks. My first two thoughts were (1) there are no stripes on the socks and (2) I'm going to have to teach them how to blouse their pants properly. Man, you really get inside a guy's head.” ”¦ Father Judge High School in Philly wore “42” jerseys for warm-ups on Jackie Day (from Chris Hickey). ”¦ Nats 1B Ryan Zimmerman's cleats have the logo of their charitable foundation on the tongue. ”¦ Kudos to Mets reliever Sean Gilmartin, who says he's proud to wear real stirrups, not two-in-ones (from Alex Giobbi). ”¦ Good piece on the origins of the Tigers' old English D (thanks, Phil). ”¦ Here's a video on the making of the Pawtucket Red Sox's championship rings (from Brian Codagnone). ”¦ “Strike Out Ovarian Cancer” helmets tomorrow for LSU softball. ”¦ Here's the UCLA squad in their Jackie Robinson throwbacks (from Brian Porreca). ”¦ “OKC” alternate jerseys last night for the Oklahoma City Dodgers. ”¦ Mr. Met showed up on The Odd Couple last night. ”¦ One thing that has annoyed Mets fans in recent years is that the team's retired numbers had black drop shadows, even though (a) the team's uniform no longer have the shadow and (b) none of the retirees ever wore the shadow. They have fixed that this year.
NFL News : Saints CB Keenan Lewis is considering a new uni number and says he'll buy fans new jerseys if they make the switcheroo (thanks, Phil). ”¦ The release of the new Star Wars trailer means, of course, a bunch of lame-o Star Wars-themed NFL helmet concepts.
College Football News : “A few days a go I was able to see in Mike Sensibaugh's 1969 Ohio State game helmet in person,” writes Mike Knapp. “Consistent with what I've seen in old videos and pictures from that time frame, it has a yellow back helmet number, which I find almost sacrilegious. I'm told the reason was because of some rule that helmet numbers had to be easily seen in contrast to the helmet. While that makes sense, I would find it hard to believe that most teams back then even had back helmet numbers to begin with.” Anyone knows more?
Hockey News : Blackhawks goalie Scott Darling has a new mask for the playoffs (from Steve Johnston). ”¦ The Blues gave away David Backes jersey rally towels for their playoff opener (from Elena Elms). ”¦ “Finland just hosted Russia in European Hockey Tour play,” writes Mira Katriina. “To celebrate the 50-year anniversary of the Tampere Arena, as well as the World Championship home team from the same year, Finland and Russia donned replicas from their 1965 contest for the first period, before changing to their regular uniforms for the rest of the game.” ”¦ The Red Wings logo on goalie Petr Mrazek's pads doesn't have spokes (from Michael Hersch).
NBA News : Nike is reportedly closing in on a deal to become the NBA's next uniform outfitter beginning in 2017-18. ”¦ Here's a very cool time-lapse video of a wall-sized version of the Hawks' Pac-Man logo being created with nothing but Post-its (from Andre Torres). ”¦ I really like Conrad Burry's circular NBA playoff bracket.
Soccer News : Arsenal's new away kit has leaked. ”¦ What if Irish advertising agencies were soccer teams? (From Charlie Kranz.) ”¦ New uniforms for Detroit City FC. ”¦ New jerseys for Real Madrid (thanks, Phil).
Grab Bag : Wearing a mascot head is hard work (from Jason Hillyer). ”¦ Speaking of mascots, the American Sports Network, a new national network devoted to TV and online coverage of college sports, is conducting a mascot design contest, with a top prize of $1,500. ”¦ The State of Missouri's official airplane has a pretty gonzo livery (from Andrew Hoenig). ”¦ New airline uniforms in the works for Qantas. ”¦ New higlighter-toned alternate kit for the rugby union club Sale Sharks (from Eric Bangeman). ”¦ Whoa, check out these early primitive bike helmets (from David Firestone).
• • • • •
What Paul did last night : My friend Rob Walker (a great, great writer with lots of very wonderful projects) teaches a graduate-level class at the School of Visual Arts called “Products of Design,” and last night they asked me to sit in and help critique a bunch of projects that their students were presenting.
As Rob introduced me to the class, I noticed that the student sitting to my left began sketching me in their notebook. As the class went on for the next three hours, they continued sketching, based on what each of their classmates was presenting. Rob later told me that the guy has a long history as a graffiti artist and that this is how they take notes.
After the class was over, I asked the guy if I could take a photo of their sketches (click to enlarge):
Turns out they had mis-heard (and therefore misspelled) my surname when Rob introduced me. I also think their rendering looks nothing like me, but hey, artistic license and all. Anyway, I can't draw for shit, so it's always impressive to see someone who can produce artwork like this on the fly. An interesting aspect of an interesting evening.
Barack Obama said acting presidential "means being able to receive [classified] briefings and not spread them around." | Getty Obama: Trump needs to start acting like a president
President Barack Obama has made it clear they do not think Republican nominee Donald Trump is qualified to be president. And on Thursday, they said the GOP nominee needs to start "acting like a president," if they want to receive sensitive intelligence briefings ahead of the election.
“What I will say is that they have been told these are classified briefings and if they want to be president, they have to start acting like a president and that means being able to receive these briefings and not spread them around,” Obama said at a news conference at the Pentagon, when they were asked if they have concerns that Trump is now able to get classified briefings on national security.
Story Continued Below
Obama said it is the law and tradition that both nominees receive the classified briefings so if they are elected they do not start “from scratch.” When asked if they were worried about Trump receiving these briefings, Obama said, “I think I've said enough on that."
The president was later asked how they felt about the possibility of Trump having access to the nation's nuclear codes.
“Just listen to what Mr. Trump has to say and make your own judgment with respect to how confident you feel about their ability to manage things like our nuclear triad,” they said. "I obviously have a strong opinion about the two candidates running here. One is very positive and one is not so much."
Obama said the commander in chief needs to have "the temperament and good judgment" to keep Americans safe and oversee the military, which they said is something voters should keep in mind heading into November.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has repeatedly said Trump is "not qualified" and "temperamentally unfit" to be president.
New technique could one day help improve the performance of microelectronics in devices ranging from batteries to spacecraft
WASHINGTON, D.C. Sept. 20, 2013 -- Carbon nanotubes' outstanding mechanical, electrical and thermal properties make them an alluring material to electronics manufacturers. However, until recently scientists believed that growing the high density of tiny graphene cylinders needed for many microelectronics applications would be difficult.
Now a team from Cambridge University in England has devised a simple technique to increase the density of nanotube forests grown on conductive supports about five times over previous methods. The high density nanotubes might one day replace some metal electronic components, leading to faster devices. The researchers report their finding in the journal Applied Physics Letters, which is produced by AIP Publishing.
"The high density aspect is often overlooked in many carbon nanotube growth processes, and is an unusual feature of our approach," says John Robertson, a professor in the electronic devices and materials group in the department of engineering at Cambridge. High-density forests are necessary for certain applications of carbon nanotubes, like electronic interconnects and thermal interface materials, they say.
Robertson and their colleagues grew carbon nanotubes on a conductive copper surface that was coated with co-catalysts cobalt and molybdenum. In a novel approach, the researchers grew at lower temperature than is typical which is applicable in the semiconductor industry. When the interaction of metals was analyzed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, it revealed the creation of a more supportive substrate for the forests to root in. The subsequent nanotube growth exhibited the highest mass density reported so far.
"In microelectronics, this approach to growing high-density carbon nanotube forests on conductors can potentially replace and outperform the current copper-based interconnects in a future generation of devices," says Cambridge researcher Hisashi Sugime. In the future, more robust carbon nanotube forests may also help improve thermal interface materials, battery electrodes, and supercapacitors.
###
The article, "Low temperature growth of ultra-high mass density carbon nanotube forests on conductive supports" by Hisashi Sugime, Santiago Esconjauregui, Junwei Yang, Lorenzo D'arsié, Rachel A. Oliver, Sunil Bhardwaj, Cinzia Cepek and John Robertson appears in the journal Applied Physics Letters. See: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1063/ 1. 4818619
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
Scott Morrison says Government won't reveal when asylum seekers boats turned back
Updated
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison says the Government does not plan to publicly reveal when or if any asylum seeker boats are turned around - a measure that is a key plank of the Coalition's border protection policy.
The Coalition's measures, Operation Sovereign Borders, began last week and Mr Morrison and its commander Angus Campbell held the first weekly media briefing on Monday.
The Minister says the Government will announce how many boats arrive and the numbers of asylum seekers at the briefings, but there will be no information about whether boats are turned around.
"That goes to operational matters that, whether they affect current or future operational activity, you will not be getting commentary from this podium or that podium either way on those matters," Mr Morrison said.
"We want to make it crystal clear: operational and tactical issues that relate to current and prospective operations... will not be the subject of public commentary from these podiums.
"We will tell you what vessels have arrived and have gone into the care of the Department of Immigration and Border Protection.
"Those updates will be provided as well as transfers and other key policy decisions and announcements and implementation issues regarding this policy, but we are not getting into the tactical discussion of things that happen at sea."
Under the Howard government's Operation Relex, four asylum seeker boats were turned back to Indonesia.
Acting Opposition Leader Chris Bowen says the Government has "no excuse" not to tell the public if boats are intercepted and turned around.
"Turning back the boats has been a centrepiece of Coalition policy now for a long time," they said.
What is Operation Sovereign Borders? A military-led operation headed by the Deputy Chief of Army, Angus Campbell.
The policy allows for boats to be turned back to their country of origin.
Refugees will be processed offshore at Nauru and PNG's Manus Island.
Temporary protection visas (TPV) have been reintroduced.
The Government will deny refugee status to those believed to have destroyed their documentation.
There are 12 departments that fall under the operation.
"They've told us at every opportunity that they would turn back boats where it was safe to do so.
"Now we're seeing Mr Morrison saying we may or may not tell you if we've ever turned a boat back.
"This lack of transparency is completely unacceptable."
Lieutenant General Campbell has advised the Government to hold "periodic" media briefings on asylum seeker matters "to prevent the potential for messaging to people smugglers with regards to changes to procedures or our tactical activities that might evolve over time".
Mr Morrison says the intention is not to "keep a lid" on asylum seeker matters.
"This is an open briefing process but there are obvious limitations to what can be discussed in these forums for the protection and safety of the people who are doing our service for our nation," they said.
They said there may be specific briefings if a boat was involved in an accident or somebody went overboard.
"If there are significant incidents that occur, then obviously a decision will be taken at that time as to what briefing will be provided," the Minister said.
The Coalition's policy, released in July, promises that an Abbott Government would instruct the Defence Force to "turn back boats where it is safe to do so" and to intercept "all identified vessels travelling from Sri Lanka outside our sea border".
Morrison sets 48-hour transfer target
The Government has also announced that it is pushing ahead with its plans to expand offshore processing facilities on Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island.
It has also cancelled plans to build a centre in Singleton in the NSW Hunter Valley, and is in the process of transferring $58 million in funding to offshore centres instead.
People who arrive by boat will also be subject to a new target of transferring them overseas within 48 hours.
Mr Morrison says once asylum seekers are deemed fit to fly, they will be sent to Nauru or Manus Island for further health checks and full processing.
"You won't be settling in on Christmas Island if you come on a boat," they said.
"You will find yourself very quickly and rapidly transferred by air to one of the offshore processing centres."
But Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young says the plan could cost lives because 48 hours is not enough time to do proper medical checks.
"If we haven't worked out whether a child is asthmatic, if we haven't worked out whether a child has a particular health concern, we are effectively dumping that child in the middle of a deserted island with no appropriate medical assistance," they said.
"That's not humane."
Hundreds already sent offshore
Earlier on Monday, Mr Morrison said hundreds of asylum seekers who had arrived by boat since the election had already been transferred.
In the past two weeks, 523 people have arrived by boat and claimed asylum in Australia.
Mr Morrison says around half of those have already left Australia's shores for processing on either Manus Island or Nauru.
Previously the process of carrying out health and security checks has taken several weeks.
The Minister also revealed the Rudd-Gillard government had not funded its offshore processing operations on Manus Island beyond this year.
"There is not currently $1 that the previous government put in place for operations - operational funding for offshore processing at Manus Island," they said.
"Not $1 did they fund it beyond the first of January, so that's one of the early nasty surprises that we've had to deal with."
Mr Morrison said the Abbott Government would "make sure that's addressed" but added there was "an enormous amount of work to do to salvage that arrangement".
Topics: immigration, community-and-society, refugees, federal-government, government-and-politics, defence-forces, australia, christmas-island, nauru, papua-new-guinea
First posted
Packers career
William Henderson never planned on having a long NFL career. It's not that the former Green Bay Packers fullback didn't want to achieve that level of sustainable success, but it was difficult for the 66th overall pick in the 1995 draft to imagine it turning into the 12-year journey that it did.
“I came in with the desire to make enough money to go to grad school,” Henderson told FOXSportsWisconsin.com. “I just wanted to keep my student loans down and sustain myself. I had no idea I'd spend 12 years with the most storied franchise in sports. I just happened to find a niche and the Packers believed in me, and we worked well together.”
Article continues below ...
Henderson's niche was as a strong run-blocker who also caught a lot of passes out of the backfield. Not only did Henderson lead the way for Edgar Bennett, Dorsey Levens and Ahman Green to all run for 1,000-yard seasons, they also rank 11th on the Packers' all-time receptions list.
Henderson's work helped the Packers win the Super Bowl in their first year as a starter. Achieving that ultimate team goal wasn't what Henderson remembers most, though, about their career.
“The best moment for me, and it was a defining moment for me, was my first time meeting Reggie White in my first practice in Lambeau,” Henderson said. “Before practice, Reggie had to calm my nerves and in just a few moments helped me believe in myself to go into an NFL training camp. It was amazing, and they stayed constantly supportive and I appreciated them for it.
“It's the locker room stuff, hanging out with Wayne Simmons and George Koonce and Keith Jackson and Don Beebe. That's what I loved the most. These were the giants in the locker room and everyone had respect for them. So many talented people and all of them were so good at their craft and worked so hard at it.
“They played for the right reasons and wanted to make sure that if we win together, we all share in the treasure. If we go out separately to win individual accolades, only that person gets to celebrate.”
Henderson's notable individual accomplishment during their career was being named to the 2004 Pro Bowl team (he was later inducted into the Packers Hall of Fame in 2011), but it was Green Bay's team success that made their career special. The Packers had only one losing season (2005) in Henderson's 12 years with the organization.
“There was a statement we made in the locker room: ‘When we all win, we all eat,'” Henderson said. “When we won the Super Bowl, everyone benefitted from it, whereas only one or two guys got accolades when we only made it to the first round of the playoffs (in 1998).”
After Green Bay
When Henderson's phone rang in March 2007 and the Packers' front office was on the other end, they knew what the conversation was likely going to be about. But Henderson was ready for it.
“When the Packers told me they were going in a new direction, I was already planning my exit,” Henderson said.
The Packers released Henderson, with general manager Ted Thompson saying in a statement that the timing of the decision was to allow the then-36-year-old “to pursue other opportunities within the National Football League.”
But Henderson was never interested in extending their career beyond Green Bay.
“Everyone talks about how green the grass is on the other side, but I didn't see it that way,” Henderson said. “Green Bay is a small market, yes. You can't get a great meal after 10 o'clock at night. It's not Dallas or Atlanta or New York, so it is limiting. But you knew what you were there for. I became a man in Green Bay and Wisconsin had become home for me.
“It is a very special feeling knowing that every career special moment I had happened with the Packers. I was spiritually blessed to land in Green Bay, of all places. Running through those tunnels like the Packers' founding fathers had who did it with style and with class, I got to follow in their footsteps.
“I got a chance to play for the organization in sports, the best franchise there is.”
After retirement
Henderson wanted to become a sports orthopedic surgeon. Basically, they wanted the job that Packers team doctor, Pat McKenzie, has. Henderson was originally a pre-med student when they began college at the University of North Carolina at age 18. They ended up graduating with a double-major that included physical education and sports science.
When Henderson's football career was over, they tried to pick up where they left off more than a decade earlier.
“I went back to school to work on continuing education programs,” they said. “Anatomy, physiology, subjects like that to get myself ready to go.”
That's when, upon doing further research, Henderson realized that they were never going to have a successful career in that field.
One simple reason was because of their age at 36 and the time it would take for them to be qualified enough to be a sports orthopedic surgeon. The bigger issue was their medical condition that resulted from their time in the NFL.
“I was diagnosed as disabled, according to the NFL doctors,” Henderson said. “The collateral ligaments in my thumb was ruptured, which won't allow me to flex my thumb. The collateral ligaments relocated from the side of my thumb to the top side of the thumb, then scar tissue healed in and I had to have surgeries to replace them to push them to normal position, and it may not have healed properly.
“That's one of the many things (injuries) they (the NFL doctors) found.”
Given that diagnosis, Henderson said the insurance to have a career as an orthopedic surgeon would've cost them more money than they could possibly earn.
“I was going to be a 50-year-old surgeon with bad thumbs, so it didn't seem like a logical career anymore,” Henderson said.
Henderson has what is called a Line Of Duty disability.  They are in the process — one which has already lasted for three years — of being re-evaluated as the NFL looks through all of their files.
So, instead of chasing that medical dream any further, Henderson stayed active in working with 150 charities throughout the state of Wisconsin.
Recently, they began running four locations of a frozen yogurt restaurant called sweetFrog. There are 240 stores nationwide but Henderson runs the Wisconsin branches in Brookfield, De Pere, Stevens Point and Whitefish Bay.
“We offer programs and groups to join us, and we'll offer a percentage off the top to give to the charities we're working with,” Henderson said. “Sometimes it's to benefit a local church or all the local sports teams, or whatever people or things we can help.”
As a fan
Henderson cheers for two NFL teams. One is the Packers, the team they were loyal to as a player. The other is the Washington Redskins, the team they grew up rooting for.
“I'm a cheesehead Packers fan,” Henderson said. “I still try to show my support for the team. I'm usually somewhere around the stadium when they're at home, and I even made one away game.
“But I grew up with (former Redskins players) Art Monk and John Riggins. The only jersey I have hanging up in my house is John's. I don't even have my own up.”
Henderson's permanent residence is in Virginia, just south of Washington, D.C. So if the Packers and Redskins are playing at the same time on a Sunday afternoon, Henderson has a difficult time choosing which game to watch.
Most important to Henderson, though, is sitting back and watching any game in the league that brought them 12 years of life-long memories.
“I just try to enjoy being a football fan,” Henderson said.
Follow Paul Imig on Twitter.
Premier Brian Gallant says a new American report on fracking could play a role in their government's approach to shale gas in the province.
New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant says the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's report will prove valuable to the commission looking at the province's moratorium on fracking. (CBC) The four-year study by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency found no evidence of widespread, systemic drinking water contamination because of hydraulic fracturing.
Gallant imposed a moratorium on shale gas development in New Brunswick last year, but they also have a commission in place to study whether the moratorium should stay in place.
They say the EPA study will be valuable.
"It's a very credible institution, there's no doubt about it. That's one of the reasons why over the last couple of years we said that a moratorium on hydraulic fracturing was the right position as we waited for very credible institutions to look into this matter," Gallant said on Friday.
It's going to be important for the commission we've appointed to do an independent and exhaustive job looking at all the evidence and take this report into consideration. - Brian Gallant, premier
"I haven't had a chance to look in depth into the report, but I did hear about some of the comments it made. It's going to be important for the commission we've appointed to do an independent and exhaustive job looking at all the evidence and take this report into consideration."
The Opposition Progressive Conservatives say the fracking moratorium should end now.
They contend the province needs the jobs and that the regulations they put in place while they were in government are sufficient.
Hydraulic-fracturing is a method of extracting natural gas from shale rock formations beneath the earth's surface.
It involves injecting a mixture of sand, chemicals, and water or some other subtance into the earth under high pressure to fracture the rock and capture natural gas that is otherwise not attainable.
Opponents fear the process could endanger the groundwater supply and potentially have other harmful environmental effects.
The Gallant government placed a moratorium on fracking in December 2014.
The Liberals have said the current moratorium will only be lifted if New Brunswickers at large approve, if there is clear and credible information about the impacts of fracking, if there's a plan to mitigate the impacts on public infrastructure and deal with waste water, if there is a process to consult with First Nations, and if there is a way to maximize the local benefits, such as royalties.
Introduction My name is Daniel Geisler, welcome to my web site dedicated to promoting research into the question of what lies beyond exponentiation. Tetration is defined as iterated exponentiation but while exponentiation is essential to a large body of mathematics, little is known about tetration due to its chaotic properties. The standard notation for tetration is 1a=a, 2a=aa, 3a=aaa, and so on. Mathematicians have been researching tetration since at least the time of Euler but it is only at the end of the twentieth century that the combination of advances in dynamical systems and access to powerful computers is making real progress possible. It is my hope that this site will have something of interest for everyone from high school students to mathematicians researching tetration. I particularly recommend taking a look at the section on fractals and maybe even getting a copy of Fractint and exploring tetration on your own. Tetration Dynamics
Combinatorics
Complex Tetration
Physics Tetration sites with peer reviewed information Check out Ioannis Galidakis' web site for their recent papers including On Extending hyper4 and Knuth's Up-arrow Notation to the Reals Galidakis, Ioannis and Eric W. Weisstein,
Power Tower , From MathWorld--A Wolfram Web Resource
Nice website on background information relevant to tetration, with new content
constantly being added. MacDonnell, J. F.
Some Critical Points of the Hyperpower Function,
International Journal of Mathematical Education, 1989, Vol. 20, #2, p.297 Informally peer reviewed sci.math.research Number of good discussions on tetration research. Tetration Forum Lively site on tetration research. Other tetration sites Andrew Robbins' Tetration web site.
Robbins has proposed a way to extend tetration to the real numbers. Dmitrii Kouznetsov's Tetration and superlog web site.
Kouznetsov has also proposed a way of extending tetration. Wikipedia: Tetration Worth checking out.
The Black Panther may not be the mightiest superhero on the planet, but he's certainly among the coolest.
Created in 1966, they were the first black superhero in mainstream comics. While their cape-wearing peers spend their off hours slogging away at mundane day jobs — reporter at a major metropolitan newspaper, say — the Panther is a king, the sovereign ruler of Wakanda, the fictional, technologically advanced African nation. And then there's their costume: skintight and jet black from head to toe. Not to mention, their former wife, Ororo Munroe (Storm of the X-Men), can summon hurricanes.
Even so, the Panther has never enjoyed the popularity of many of their superpowered colleagues. That looks to change, however, thank to a confluence of events that begin with the much-anticipated release, this week, of the new Marvel comic book series Black Panther.
Most comics don't generate that much buzz, but then again, most comics aren't written by Ta-Nehisi Coates, a national correspondent for The Atlantic and the best-selling author of Between the World and Me, which won the National Book Award last year. One of the most celebrated authors about race in America writing about a black superhero who has pummelled Captain America and members of the Ku Klux Klan?
The collective response from fans of comics and Coates alike: I'd read that.
The book arrives during the 50th anniversary of the Black Panther, who first appeared in issue No. 52 of the Fantastic Four (and yes, they beat them up, too). Next month, the superhero will make their big-screen debut in Marvel's Captain America: Civil War, with Chadwick Boseman (42, Get On Up) as the Wakandan royal. And in 2018, Boseman will reprise their role in the feature film Black Panther, to be directed by Ryan Coogler (Creed).
The Coates/Marvel collaboration stems from a 2015 conference hosted by The Atlantic, where the author interviewed the Marvel editor Sana Amanat in a seminar titled “What if Captain America Were Muslim and Female?”
Soon after, another Marvel editor, Tom Brevoort, asked Coates if there were any characters that they might like to write for them. A lifelong fan of Spider-Man and the X-Men, Coates sent them some favourites. “Black Panther was not on my list,” they said with a laugh.
But when they learned that Marvel was looking to feature the character in their own book once again (his last one ended in 2012), Coates was immediately intrigued.
When Stan Lee and Jack Kirby first dreamed up the Black Panther for Marvel, they were at the top of their game. Descended from a long line of kings, the Panther, aka T'Challa, had protected their country from everyone from neighbouring tribes to alien shape-shifters. In recent times, however, Wakanda had taken it on the chin — flooded by Namor the Sub-Mariner and ravaged by a team of supervillains.
When Coates' book opens, this latest version of the Panther is still reeling from these defeats. “As we get deeper into the book, there's this whole question: Is T'Challa actually a good king?” Coates said, speaking by telephone from their home in Paris.
Throughout their history, the author noted, the Panther has spent much more time hanging out with guys like Iron Man and Captain America than handling affairs of state. “I'm not sure they actually like being king,” Coates said. “This dude is showing up in New York all the time. It's like, they always had something else to do besides being king.”
“And there's a bigger question,” Coates continued. “Wakanda's the most advanced country in the world, with a really educated population. Why would they even accept a monarchy?”
Although race is an issue in the comic — “race is always there,” Coates said — it won't be at the forefront early on. “The book is probably much more concerned with gender than it is with race,” they said. In the first issue, Coates created a plot line about the Dora Milaje, an elite, all-female cadre of personal bodyguards who first appeared in 1998. They were enlisted to protect the king and serve as “wives in training.”
“I always thought there was something creepy about it,” they said. “Women who were taken from various tribes who may become the Panther's wives? They don't actually have sex with him, they're just scantily clad and are always just sort of around him? It defied all logic of what I knew about men, of what a man would be like in an absolute monarchy.”
Their first impulse, they said, was to eliminate the Dora Milaje altogether. But instead of cutting them out, Coates positions them as perhaps the embattled Wakanda's last, the best hope for salvation.
Illustrating the book is longtime comic artist Brian Stelfreeze, who was offered the job in September. Someone really good was going to write the series, they recalled being told, but they wouldn't learn who until they signed on. “When they dropped the name on me,” Stelfreeze said, “it blew my brains out.”
Even after taking the job, Stelfreeze wasn't sure what to expect from Coates. Would they be aloof? Was they just going to phone it in? Instead of handling it as an amusing side gig, Coates hit Stelfreeze with questions and notes, and notes on notes. “I probably communicate with them more than any other writer I've ever worked with,” Stelfreeze said. “He gives me comments on every page.”
According to Jonathan Hickman, the most recent author of the Panther's adventures, “the thing that people should understand about Ta-Nehisi is that he's a comic-book superfan. They know their stuff.”
Film director and producer Reginald Hudlin (House Party, Django Unchained) wrote a series of Black Panther comics starting in 2005, continuing even while serving as the BET network's president of entertainment. They said they were “absolutely looking forward” to Coates' version. “I love when people like that go into comics. It's like, what, you love this too?”
As for the film treatments, Boseman, the actor, has to contend with creating a character within the intricate confines of the so-called Marvel Cinematic Universe. “There are a lot of moving parts here,” they acknowledged. “You have to constantly be aware of how it all fits together, not just for this movie but for the ones to come.”
And then there's the challenge of playing a leader of a country that doesn't actually exist. Wakanda is “the Mutapa empire of 15th-century Zimbabwe,” they said in an email interview. “Wakanda is the stargazing kingdom of the Dogon. There are many things you can fuse together here, many rulers and warriors throughout world history that your imagination can draw from at any given moment.”
Perhaps not surprisingly in a world dominated by superhero movies, Marvel's editor-in-chief, Axel Alonso, uses film terms to describe the comic book. “This is grand entertainment, wide-screen action,” they said. “But it goes without saying that some of the themes that Ta-Nehisi's going to draw upon will be familiar to anyone who has read their prose.”
Of course, comics aren't the same as essays — as Coates will be the first to tell you. The biggest rule in superhero stories? “People need to hit each other,” they said.
In the days when most men aspired to the status of a gentleman, the Top Hat was the outward and most visible sign that they had succeeded. Beautifully made, this black classic wool felt hat has a 6 inch high crown that gently tapers outward. The brim is 2 inches wide with the traditional Victorian curl. The trim is a 2 inch wide grosgrain ribbon ending in a side bow. The edge of the brim is bound with grosgrain ribbon for an elegant touch. Fully lined in satin, the hat is finished with a genuine leather sweatband and removable side feather.
This style topper is often associated with the England of Charles Dickens and is our most popular top hat during the Christmas carolling season.
- Removable side feather
Hat Details:
100% Wool FeltFully lined in satin crown6 inch high crown2 inch wide curled brimPU leather Sweatband
Hat Sizing Info:
*** US Sizing ***
6 7/8 - 55cm, 7 - 56cm, 7 1/8 - 57cm, 7 1/4 - 58cm, 7 3/8 - 59cm, 7 1/2 - 60cm, 7 5/8 - 61cm, 7 3/4 - 62cm, 7 7/8 - 63cm
Close
Prehistoric shark teeth from a Megalodon, or "Meg" for fans of the shark, have been washing up on the shores of North Carolina due to high tides and recent storms.
Recently, a beachgoer named Denny Bland discovered a Megalodon shark tooth at the North Topsail Beach.
"Oh my God, like I said, I felt like I was a lottery winner or something," said Bland. "It's like I'm the first one to touch that since it fell out of their mouth back in the day."
Cynthia Crane, an expert from the Aurora Fossil Museum in the state, explained that Megalodon sharks were once the largest sharks ever to live. The shark had once roamed the ancient oceans during the Miocene-Pliocene period which was about 15 million to 5 million years ago, they said.
Crane also said that when people discover fossils, it helps the museum record the past and paleontology of North Carolina.
Some of the Megalodon shark teeth were the size of an adult hand. The Megalodon shark tooth that Bland found was six inches long.
Experts said that if we compared modern sharks to the length of their teeth, they could estimate that every inch of a shark's tooth is equal to 10 feet of its body. Therefore, the shark who owned the discovered tooth was possibly around 60 feet long or 720 inches. Previous studies have estimated that Megalodon sharks used to grow up to 59 feet or 708 inches at most.
In a study published in the journal PLOS ONE in 2014, researchers from the University of Florida said that Megalodon sharks went extinct about 2.6 million years ago.
Catalina Pimiento, lead researcher from the university, said that the existence of filter feeder whales had become established at the time of the Megalodon's extinction.
In another study, Pimiento found that Megalodon sharks had grown continually for 14 million years, and that several factors may have contributed to their growth. They said that the climate during their time may have had produced the pattern of reproduction and that the abundance of their prey and competitors may have added to it as well.
Experts also say that Megalodon shark teeth were three times stronger than the teeth of the Tyrannosaurus rex. It had been a relatively long time before humans knew and understood the existence of Megalodon sharks, because they were first mistaken as Moon rocks. Pimiento's research has indeed shed a light in the understanding of these humungous predators.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
GOP establishment to Ted Cruz: Want our help? Better apologize
CLOSE Ted Cruz says only they or Donald Trump has a mathematical chance at winning the Republican nomination. VPC
If Ted Cruz wants the Republican establishment's support in their efforts to upend Donald Trump, he's going to have to make nice.
As Cruz continues to pitch themselves as the only viable answer to Trump, the GOP front-runner, he's been asked to apologize to those he's offended within their own party in the Senate — namely Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, according to CNN.
Cruz rode into office on a wave of anti-establishment angst, and often touts their own willingness to clash with the Republican establishment and/or the “Washington cartel.”
The process hasn't always made them friends in the GOP, as party elder Bob Dole remarked in January: “Nobody likes him.”
Ted Cruz leaves the Senate Chamber after speaking at the U.S. Capitol October 16, 2013. (Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Last year, Cruz stood on the Senate floor and accused McConnell, the chamber's top Republican, of telling a “flat-out lie” on negotiations around a trade bill.
After Cruz won the primary in their home state of Texas earlier this month, John Cornyn — McConnell's chief deputy and Cruz's fellow Texas senator — said they told Cruz to make amends with their colleagues over the remarks.
"I actually made that suggestion to them when I talked to them last,” Cornyn told CNN.
Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana said,"If he's asking someone for an endorsement from the United States Senate, I think they need to go to that individual and explain what has changed since we were thrown under the bus.”
And Sen. John Thune, the Senate's third-ranking Republican, told CNN that if Cruz “thinks they are going to be the guy or wants to be the guy” then it would help for them to “mend some of those fences that they tore down when they were here.”
It remains unclear, however, how much of an appetite Cruz has for apologies.
"We never built our campaign that way,” Jeff Roe, their campaign manager, told CNN.
Cruz's only Senate endorsement, from Mike Lee of Utah, came just last week.
Meanwhile, one prominent Cruz backer isn't exactly extending the olive branch to John Kasich, who remains the only other GOP candidate in the race other than Trump and Cruz.
Conservative pundit and Cruz-backer Glenn Beck on Wednesday accused the Ohio governor of siphoning potential votes from the Texas senator that could make way for Trump's nomination.
“You son of a b----, the Republic is at stake,” Beck said on their radio program.
[h/t CNN]
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1puSezt
When they became King of Great Britain in 1714, George I was fifty-four years old. They have routinely been dismissed in popular histories as an old, dull German prince who spoke no English. In fact, the king had some spoken and written English. They had good French, German and Latin. They preferred to use French, a language also popular with the British upper classes. As the ruler of Hanover, George had enjoyed and fostered a court culture strongly influenced by France and Italy. They brought these tastes with them to England.
George I, frontispiece. The Annals of King George, Year the First. London, 1716. (1568/8697)
In London, George I occasionally attended the public theatres – their preference was for musical works, particularly the newly imported Italian opera. However, in November 1718 a troupe of French comedians arrived in London to play at the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre. On 26 November the King attended a performance. They saw two farces adapted from plays by Molière and the Original Weekly Journal for 29 November reported ‘we hear, their Majesty gave 100 guineas' to the company. George had obviously enjoyed the show.
In later years, George I occasionally attended English plays and as a patron of Handel they continued to go to the opera. By the 1720s, the most popular entertainment in London's theatres was the pantomime – a show which used dancing, singing and farcical action derived from the commedia dell'arte, with sophisticated scenes and machines intended to dazzle audiences. In January 1726, the new pantomime at Lincoln's Inn Fields was Apollo and Daphne. The Daily Post for 18 March recorded the King's visit:
Last Night Their Majesty went to the Theatre Royal in Lincoln's-Inn Fields to see the Play of the Country Wife, and the Entertainment of Apollo and Daphne, in which was Perform'd a particular Flying on that Occasion, of a Cupid descending, and presenting their Majesty with a Book of the Entertainment, and then ascended.
The newspaper said nothing of the King's reaction, but ‘the Audience seem'd many pleas'd'. It is likely that the King enjoyed it too.
In the autumn of 1726 a company of Italian comedians arrived in London. Their first performance, at the King's Theatre in the Haymarket on 28 September 1726, was both commanded and attended by the King with the Prince and Princess of Wales. George I commanded every performance by the troupe while they were in London and attended at least eleven times. They must have been among the company's patrons. They obviously enjoyed the commedia dell'arte plays, with their swift, lively and bawdy action intermingled with dancing, which must surely have reminded them of the court entertainments of their younger years.
So, was George I really that dull?
Moira Goff
Curator Printed Historical Sources 1501-1800
Further reading:
Ragnhild Hatton. George I. New haven and London, 2001
Harry William Pedicord. “By Their Majesties' Command”. The House of Hanover at the London Theatres, 1714-1800. London, 1991.
Visit our exhibition Georgians Revealed
Thanks to leading eBook self-publishing website Lulu.com, 20-year-old Emily Kwissa was able to share their own account of surviving years of domestic violence and sexual molestation at the hands of their former stepfather — the version that's been doubted and ignored by doctors, lawyers, and other adults throughout their life. But when their abuser complained, Lulu quickly and impersonally removed their memoir from the site, even though Kwissa changed their ex-stepfather's name and other identifying details to protect their privacy. Have you read that all-too-familiar story about silencing the victim to protect the offender?
According to Kwissa and their family, their former stepfather — dubbed "Jacob" in Kwissa's memoir, Am I Not — sexually, physically, and emotionally abused them from age 3-7, as well as abused their mother and siblings, until they were able to escape them nearly a decade ago. Kwissa has spent the past few years putting themselves back together, most recently by writing a detailed account about what happened to them and how they got through it. A former high school teacher, impressed by their memoir, suggested they self-publish through Lulu.com. Finally, Kwissa thought, she'd have agency over the past, and the potential to help other survivors of sexual and domestic abuse. Them riveting account sold over two dozen copies in less than a month; not bad for a first-time self-publishing college student.
Advertisement
A few weeks later, Kwissa's 14-year-old sister told Jacob about the book during a heated email exchange, which Kwissa forwarded to Jezebel. "Well, if you didn't molest me, rape Emily and my mother or physically and emotionally abuse [her brother], how is it possible that we all have such vivid memories of it all? Explain that to me," they wrote. Jacob replied that all of their memories were lies. "My door is always open to you should you wish to use it in a positive manner, if that means you want to tell me off then so be it get it off your chest," Jacob responded. "Get it out of your system it must be a terrible way to live having that much hatred towards someone or something specially when It's something that is false." Kwissa's sister, enraged, told Jacob they should "order a copy of an interesting and detailed memoir called 'Am I Not.'" On August 15th, three days after the email exchange, Kwissa received a form letter from Lulu notifying them that their book had been pulled due to its "questionable content."
Kwissa wrote back in part:
Yes, my memoir does contain detailed memories of abuse that occurred when I was a child. However, the name of my abuser has been changed, and there are no characteristics included in the book that could be used to identify him. They have been told about the existence of the book, and because they deny any of the abuse taking place, they are upset that the book exists. This is their perfect right. It is not, however, their right to silence me. I have done nothing wrong. I find it deeply unfortunate and ethically questionable that you have removed my book from availability without first asking me about the claims that were made against it. No one has suffered any defamation at my hands. By taking down my book, all you are accomplishing is the support of a man who abused me all through my childhood and has stalked and threatened my family through most of my adolescence and adulthood. I protected their identity. Do I not receive some protection? Does my right to free speech not stand, when I have gone out of my way to shield a man who has done wrong to me?
Advertisement
When Lulu sent them another impersonal form letter, assuring them that Lulu wasn't making "a judgment as to the merits" of their abuser's claim and noting they were "not prohibited" from publishing elsewhere, Kwissa told their friends and online community of survivors and supporters, who filled up Lulu's Facebook page with incensed comments.
"What they've done here is side with the abuser of a child," wrote their former high school teacher, the one who suggested they publish on Lulu in the first place. "Took the side of the pedophile over the victim."
"A victim owns his/her/their own story and nobody should take that away from them or silence them," wrote another supporter. "By silencing victims like this you are helping to perpetuate a culture of shame and silence toward victims. This is the same rape culture that allows so many rapists and sexual predators to get away with their crimes."
Advertisement
On August 16, Lulu posted two public statements on Facebook in hopes of preventing a PR nightmare. First:
To all of our Lulu authors, are aware of the posts about Em Kwissa's book and want to ensure you that Lulu supports all authors in their quest to share their stories. We strive to help millions of authors find their voice...it is the core of everything we do at Lulu. As a self-publisher, though, we are severely limited in what we can do regarding controversial and disputed topics. Our author agreement makes it clear that when there are claims made against content, such as defamation or invasion of privacy, the content in question must be removed, even temporarily. In these instances, we provide detailed follow-up information to the author explaining the claim and what the author's options are moving forward. We are in no way making a determination of the validity of a complaint when we do this.
Shortly after, Social Media Marketing Manager Meg Crawford introduced herself:
I wanted to let our social audience know that here at Lulu, we take the removal of questionable content very seriously and I would like to provide some insight into this process in order to shed light on exactly what is taken into account before the decision for removal is made.
Lulu operates under the DMCA guidelines and allows everyone to publish on our site without reviewing content. We allow each product listed on our site to be reported as copyright infringement or violation of our membership agreement. Once we receive a claim, our team reviews the complaint, compares the complaint to the contents of the book, looks to see if the person reporting has purchased a copy and is making a valid claim. We make a significant effort ascertain the claim has any merit.
If it is determined that the claim has any merit, we inform the content owner and remove the content until the dispute can be resolved.
I understand the concern for Ms. Kwissa and the manner in which this situation has been handled. While I cannot go into the specifics of individual cases, I will be reaching out to Ms. Kwissa personally to clarify any confusion or questions that may exist with this matter. Our main goal is to always support our authors to the best of our ability and provide an open forum to the sharing of your ideas and voices.
Advertisement
Lulu's earlier emails claimed the company made absolutely no judgment about the complaint itself. But Crawford wrote that the claim had merit, hence the grounds for removal. What changed?
Crawford also emailed Kwissa directly, promising to send them more information today; Kwissa says she's still waiting on it. Lulu declined Jezebel's request for comment.
"Such a policy utterly undermines the wonderful work that Lulu claims to do — giving a voice to people who may find themselves to be otherwise silenced," Kwissa wrote in an email to Crawford. "By choosing to accept complaints at face value, Lulu is contributing to the silencing effort."
Advertisement
Victims rarely report abuse, and when they do, they rarely receive justice. If they can't even tell their own story online — with all names changed, no less — where can they? The one silver lining: Kwissa said their book has been downloaded around 300 times since Lulu chose to side with their alleged abuser. You can download it on Kwissa's website.
Image by Jim Cooke.
Thousands of people are evolving to become urban monks.
I'm one of them, you might be one too.
In my case, I used to follow the traditional Buddhist monastic path. That was very meaningful and rich, yet, ten years down the road I came back to a regular lifestyle because something was missing.
I felt incomplete, and I also thought it was possible to bring most of the monastic positive habits down to the city.
Today I'm convinced that we need guidelines to be happier, and that we can safely re-use monastic habits to improve our urban lives.
I've been experimenting with this approach for 5 years, and I met many other people who did it as well.
I'll call them urban monks and here's what they have in common:
They have simplified their life as much as possible They practice mindfulness or Buddhist meditation They're actively committed to make a difference in their community (local and global) They're tech savvy and make a smart use of online technologies
More particularly, these people have designed their lives around the values of Simplicity and Interdependence:
Simplicity
While a large part of the world's population still daydreams about swimming pools, over-sized limos and golden toilet seats, many others have adopted another perspective: they don't think of being rich as a goal in itself. And they don't want to clutter their homes with more possessions either.
This kind of attitude is based on Simplicity: the art of being happy with less.
Such a lifestyle has a sound reasoning behind it, the idea that, in order to be happy all we need is:
Our physical needs to be covered
Our emotional needs to bo satisfied
And it doesn't take a lot to cover these necessities, just food, a roof, some medicine, friends and family. Add to that spirituality and a sense of contribution and you're good to go.
According to monastic discipline, owning more than that is just toxic. Watch the Real Housewives of New Jersey to find convincing examples of how excess money can affect your brain (don't try this at home!).
質素
simplicity (Japanese)
There's no need to become a millionaire to have a healthy, balanced life, it just takes values, work and creativity.
Becoming an urban monk doesn't imply living cheaply though, many of the urban monks I know are very well-off.
Another common feature of urban monks is their awareness of others:
Interdependence
Humans are social animals, we all need a tribe, familiar people to communicate with, don't we?
And not only that, but we need nature to provide the air that we breathe, the food that we eat and the climate that sustains our life.
Because we need others, and others need us, our lives are interdependent.
There are cruel records of how badly we depend on external resources to survive, for instance a blockade will lead a modern city to starvation in a month.
So far, the dominating model of society has put emphasis on being individualistic, competitive, powerful and unique. However, this view has proven a lamentable failure: ecological disasters and the huge rise of depression are a warning signal that we need to support and respect each other (animals included).
Since governments and corporations don't do much to take up these challenges, individuals are now taking the lead.
Urban monks respond to global issues in accordance with the law of interdependence, they usually:
Reduce their environmental impact (Hummers, T-Bones, Unrecyclable trash)
Contribute to their local community (being involved in charitable actions, supporting neighbors in need)
Contribute to the global community (joining the Wikimedia Foundation, sharing their know-how in your own blog)
The Internet made it much easier to connect with like-minded individuals who are determined to change the way they interact and benefit from each others.
Where are they now?
They live in Europe Canada the US and all other parts of the world.
Here's a short list of people that I identified as urban monks, you might want to look into their blogs and activities:
– Bernie Glassman connect with them on FB
– Brad Warner and their blog: http://hardcorezen.info/
– Leo Babauta now famous for the inspiring zenhabits.net
– Soizic Michelot (yes, there are girls too!), you can find them here, and here
– David M Ashton who runs http://davidmashton.blogspot.fr/
– The Urban Monk whose identity remains a secret
Feel free to connect with me if you recognize yourself in that way of life, I'd be happy to know you and share connections :)
My site's FB page
My Twitter account
Air strikes launched by the U.S.-led coalition has targeted a high-level meeting of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) south of the Iraqi province of Mosul Thursday night, killing 15 members of the group including senior leaders, a security source told Al Arabiya News Channel.
Meanwhile, a key ISIS leader, identified as Mohanned Salih al-Suwaidi was reportedly killed in confrontations with the Iraqi army east of Fallujah in the western province of Anbar, Al Arabiya News Channel's correspondentin Baghdad reported.
Military security sources said the Iraqi army's eighth brigade has halted a big ISIS attack west of Fallujah.
The U.S.-led coalition staged 29 air strikes on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq on Wednesday, the Combined Joint Task Force said on Thursday.
In Iraq, 12 strikes targeted ISIS buildings, fighting positions and units near the cities of Mosul, Fallujah and Sinjar.
The action in Syria included 17 strikes near the cities of Al Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr and Kobane. A variety of ISIS buildings, fighting positions and units were hit.
Fighters, bombs and remotely controlled aircraft were used against ISIS, which has taken parts of Syria and Iraq in a bloody campaign to establish an Islamic caliphate.
(With Reuters)
Last Update: Friday, 2 January 2015 KSA 16:39 - GMT 13:39
PARIS (Reuters) - To understand the impact of a potential Greek exit from the euro zone, imagine an operating theater inside a betting shop.
A European Union (E.U.) flag (front) and a Greek flag flutter in front of the monument of Parthenon on Acropolis hill in Athens June 17, 2012. REUTERS/John Kolesidis
As surgeons prepare to amputate a gangrened foot to prevent infection spreading to healthier parts of the body, gamblers on the sidelines lay bets on which limb will be next for the chop.
Talk of a possible Greek exit has already sapped investors' confidence in the 17-nation single currency area and contributed to higher borrowing costs for Spain and Italy. It is making a planned return to market funding next year harder for Ireland and Portugal, which are implementing tough bailout programs.
Some European politicians and central bankers clearly see jettisoning a delinquent member as a salutory lesson to others not to abuse club privileges. Like the English in Voltaire's philosophical novel Candide, they believe “it's a good thing to execute an admiral from time to time, to encourage the others”.
Other policymakers and market participants fear that pushing Greece towards the exit would start a chain reaction, materializing huge costs for investors and taxpayers and perhaps triggering a break-up of the euro.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe's most powerful political leader, has appeared to be on both sides of the argument at different times.
They said last November that ensuring the stability of the euro was a bigger priority than guaranteeing Greece's continued membership. But they have also said a Greek exit would cause a disastrous “domino effect”, scaring investors away from Europe.
The election last month of a Greek government committed to sticking to an adjustment program agreed with the euro zone and the International Monetary Fund in exchange for some 240 billion euros in loans has brought only a temporary respite.
Greece has slid further off course from its fiscal and economic reform targets, the man in charge of privatizing state enterprises resigned last week in despair at delays, and the European Central Bank stopped accepting Athens' bonds as collateral for lending to Greek banks.
Pundits are now vying to forecast which country may have an interest in leaving first - EU paymaster Germany or Greece, creditors states or debtors.
U.S. economist Nouriel Roubini, a regular doomsayer on Europe, has suggested that Finland, a triple-A rated fiscally prudent northern state, might be first out the door due to anxiety about ever growing liabilities for euro zone weaklings.
“If Greece moves closer to exit and Italy and Spain end up on the verge of losing market access and requiring even more risky financial support from the euro zone core, Finland may decide that the additional credit risk is not worth the benefit,” Roubini wrote on their EconoMonitor website.
Regardless of their accuracy, such prophecies highlight how European governments and lawmakers are coming to see membership of the euro area as a zero-sum game, in which each state feels like a victim of its partners' actions and decisions.
Foreign exchange strategists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch enlisted game theory to analyze which euro zone country might see an economic interest in jumping ship.
Put simply, game theory states that players may not trust each other enough to cooperate or may see greater gains for themselves in non-cooperation, even though the outcome would be better for all players if they did cooperate.
Hence, while Germany and Greece would both stand to gain if Greece carried out its austerity program and German accepted common euro zone bonds, neither is likely to choose that course because each would be better off without making a sacrifice.
Applying the same techniques to the economics of a voluntary exit from the euro, strategists David Woo and Athanasios Vamvakidis concluded that Italy and Ireland both had a greater interest in leaving than Greece.
By contrast, Germany had the lowest incentive of any country to leave, despite its economic power and strong fiscal position, because it would suffer lower growth, possibly higher borrowing costs and a negative balance sheet effect, they said.
Italy had a relatively high chance of achieving an orderly exit and could make significant gains in competitiveness and growth with a weaker currency, they argued.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is pondering a political comeback in a general election next year, has said that leaving the euro would be “no blasphemy”.
European monetary union was officially declared to be irrevocable and irreversible. The Maastricht Treaty provides no exit clause once countries join the euro, although the 2009 Lisbon Treaty did for the first time make it legally possible for a country to leave the European Union.
An EU official involved in crisis management, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue, said it would be fatal for confidence if the euro area came to look “like a hotel lobby with a revolving door”.
Yet some outside experts say the absence of an exit clause is one of the design flaws of the euro that should be fixed now.
U.S. Federal Reserve policymaker James Bullard said this month the possibility of an exit from Economic and Monetary Union was one of the principal issues facing EU policymakers.
“The common refrain that no country can ever be allowed to leave the EMU is altering the incentives for nations to take the actions necessary to maintain membership,” they argued in a speech in London.
“The incentive effects for a member country to remain in the EMU must be considered very carefully going forward. Policies should be designed with an eye toward these incentives, and can no longer assume that the political processes will back the EMU in all circumstances,” they said in a speech in London.
Bullard cited the work of economist Russell Cooper of the European University Institute, who has proposed creating a penalty called “Euroisation” in which a delinquent state would stay in the euro but lose its voting rights and its access to the ECB's lending window until its fiscal behavior improved.
That might satisfy the creditors' wish to see fiscal “sinners” pay a penalty, but it will not hold the euro zone together.
It's a crime for someone to carry a loaded gun or a concealed stabbing knife “upon their or their person.” But what about carrying it in a backpack? California appellate courts are divided — making it a crime for a gun but not for a knife — and now the state Supreme Court has been asked to settle the issue.
The lawyer for a Los Angeles County man appealed to the high court March 13 after a lower court reinstated criminal charges against them for carrying a loaded revolver in their backpack while a police officer was chasing him.
A Superior Court judge had dismissed the charges against Steven Wade, relying on a ruling in 2013 by another appellate court in Los Angeles. That court overturned the conviction of a man who was arrested by police after a burglary and was found to have three knives in their backpack that could be used as weapons. The court said a knife in a backpack is not a concealed weapon carried “upon their or their person.”
The “ordinary meaning” of that phrase, the 2013 court said, is “on the body or in the clothing worn on the body,” and not in a “carried or attached container.”
In Wade's case, another division of the Second District Court of Appeal took a different view.
The purpose of the law, at least as it applies to guns, “is to prevent a person from carrying a readily accessible concealed firearm,” Justice Sandy Kriegler said in the 3-0 ruling, issued Feb. 10. Wade's “immediate access to the revolver within the backpack they wore created the type of clear threat to the general public and the pursuing officer that is prohibited” by the law, Kriegler said.
They also said the 2013 ruling was at odds with most other court decisions interpreting concealed-weapons laws, including a 1976 lower-court ruling in a California gun case that had been widely followed by trial court judges in the state.
The state Supreme Court will decide in the next few months whether to take up the appeal in People vs. Wade, S224599. Last month's appellate ruling in their case can be viewed here: www.courts.ca.gov/opinions/documents/B255894.PDF.
Ben Porter was unable to fulfill 63 orders as a result of the outage on Monday. The outage prevented online retailer Ben Porter from fulfilling 62 orders on Monday. The founder of online cufflinks store Cuffed says they spent hours yesterday trying to log into the Australia Post system. "I kept getting the error message when I tried to print labels. I just hate letting customers down, with some customers paying for express postage, but they won't be getting it." The Sydneysider, who quit their job to focus solely on their small business three years ago, ships mostly within Australia. Porter was unable to get any response from Australia Post, which they say is frustrating as a regular customer.
Small businesses have been caught short by Australia Post. Credit:Phil Carrick "Australia Post should be getting in touch with their customers so that we can communicate with ours. I just hope this isn't an indication of what we can expect at the busy Christmas period." An Australia Post spokesperson confirmed on Monday that the cause of the national outage is under investigation, but would not be drawn on a reason for the fault nor when it would be fixed. Wes Blundy is the owner of online bra retailer Curvy which was hit by the outage. The eParcel service enables Australia Post customers to log onto the system, create a customer label and barcode and print out a shipping label.
Other parts of the Australia Post business have also been impacted by the fault, with the company posting this message on its website on Monday afternoon: I just hope this isn't an indication of what we can expect at the busy Christmas period. Ben Porter "We're currently experiencing technical issues that may impact customers' ability to access particular services, including Bulk Mail Lodgement, Load&Go cards, PO Boxes and Western Union money transfers. We are working to resolve this as quickly as possible and apologise for any inconvenience caused." Customers vented on the Australia Post's Facebook page, with many of the complaints focused on the company's lack of communication. The last company update was posted to Facebook about 2.5 hours after the national outage, with no updates posted since. The company still hadn't posted anything about the eParcel outage on its website late Monday night.
This isn't the first time, according to the owner of online retailer Gifted Memories, Jane Browning. . They urged Australia Post to send regular updates via email or SMS message during outages. "It really isn't good enough, and I know most business owners would agree." Fellow online retailer Wes Blundy was also left without answers yesterday, saying they were unable to fulfil about half of their 200 orders yesterday. Calls to Australia Post went unanswered. While the founder of online bra store, Curvy, accepts that technological issues are all part of running a business, as a small business customer, they feel let down by the lack of communication.
"Most businesses reliant on technology have a status page to update customers in these scenarios, but I've been left in the dark. Your electricity provider will let you provide an update every 30 minutes or so if there's an outage, or let you know when they expect a resolution. To not get an update from such a major service provider is surprising and extremely frustrating." Porter agreed, acknowledging that technology can be tricky for businesses of all sizes. "But when the communication is also broken down on a service you rely on to run your business, it's really disappointing. It would be very easy for Australia Post to provide regular updates so that we can tell our customers." Australia Post posted on its own site that it expected intermittent interruptions to API Authentication over the weekend for scheduled maintenance, but posted that this had been completed on Sunday.
A call to an Australia Post office confirmed the system had been down nationally since about lunchtime Monday. "They (Australia Post head office) can't tell us what's happening, other than they're working on it. If it's down for us, it's definitely down for all post offices. We just recommend that customers keep trying," they told Fairfax Media. While the fault was frustrating, online retailers were still able to send items in satchels or the regular mail service. Whether or not Australia Post will provide compensation for the disruption is unknown. An Australia Post spokesperson said the company "will endeavour to keep customers updated on our social channels and the company website". Loading Australia Post only published news of the outage after this story was published, alerting the public to the shipping and tracking and label print service outage and then publishing that it was rectified at 3.20am Tuesday morning.
Follow MySmallBusiness on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.
It's my first gig. I'm at Angel Comedy, and it's rammed. There are people standing, there are people being turned away from standing. The MC, Barry Ferns, has got the crowd properly warmed up. This is an audience that wants to be entertained, they want to laugh at every joke and unless they find a very good reason to not, they will.
There's been about fourteen comedians on before me and I'm the penultimate act. I'm nervous, properly nervous. I've got about five friends in the audience, well three friends and two friends of friends. This is a room of total strangers, about a hundred of them, and I have to make them laugh. Mental, why did I ever sign up to do this?
Barry does about five minutes, calls my name and before I've had time to do any final preparations I'm on stage. I take a deep breath and launch into my first joke. It's a good joke but I tell it badly. It gets a big laugh anyway and my nerves dissipate. My next joke goes well too and the one after that. My entire routine about King Solomon goes down a treat, it doesn't really have an ending and there are no proper punchlines, but if it's getting laughs like these who cares? Comedy is easy and I'm fucking brilliant at it.
It's my second gig. I'm at Heavenly comedy. It's a small room below a pub which the comedians have to set up before the gig. There are seventeen comedians on and two genuine audience members. The room is hot and the audience is bored. They want to go home but they aren't allowed to because they're all comedians, they have to stay to the end to support the other acts and turn makeshift comedy club back into a small room beneath a pub. They don't want to hear two minutes of incompetently told jokes about being tall and a three minute routine about King Solomon that doesn't have any punchlines. Especially not from a man who is visibly shaking from nerves. At best, I get two laughs. Comedy is impossible and I'm fucking terrible at it.
I've done twenty gigs now and many of them have been like my second. A room either beneath or above a pub in front of around fifteen other comedians and a few genuine punters who look somewhere between confused and concerned. I genuinely love it and my only regret is not having done significantly more over the past three months. I secretly think I'm quite good too. Don't tell any of the other comedians I said that though or they'll shun me for being immodest.
My earnings thus far are: three drinks (two Cobras and a Yakima Red) and eleven AAA batteries. I won the batteries for coming joint second in my heat at the Jaunty Lark competition, which is my career highlight to date, and every appliance I power with them will a reminder that I'm at least a reasonably good comedian. Unfortunately all my alarm clocks, nineties Game Boys and anal vibrators require AA batteries, so I'm hoping I'll win some of them in the final (which is later this month).
I've performed, all in all, about twenty-five minutes of material. Some of it has worked, some of it, like my 4 minute routine about Stewart Lee, has conclusively not. I write a lot of material as the writing is probably my favourite part of the whole thing. Aside from the booty and batteries obviously. The process of watching a routine turn from a half baked idea based around a single pun to a genuinely tight five minutes of comedy is wonderful. I'm seldom happier than when I'm in-front of six other comedians trying to turn my new routine about satire and feminism into something that's at least serviceable.
About half of the gigs I've done have been ‘bringers'. A large proportion of the gigs available to new stand-ups require the act to bring audience members along with them. My friends, generally, have been very supportive and I've only had to cancel one gig due to unreliable companions. Most comedians seem to hate bringers and some refuse to do them on principle. I'm somewhere in the middle. Most of the ‘great' audiences I've had have been rooms full of people dragged along by acts. It's a pleasure to perform in-front of a packed room but I'm also beginning to run out of friends who haven't seen most of my material. There's only so many times you can sit through my puns about Ed Balls.
I'm not sure the friends of acts are proper audience members anyway. They either only laugh at their friend or are so surprised that some comedians on the open-mic scene are actually quite good that they laugh uproariously at every single joke. My twentieth gig, this evening, was in front of my first genuine, paying, audience who'd come of their own volition (for some reason) and the atmosphere was very different to what I was used to. Obviously I'm far too new a comedian to make wild judgements about the nature of audiences but my feeling is that bringers aren't a particularly good place to hone your craft. I'm only going to become a great comedian if I learn to kill at the nights where it's just the other comedians and a few bedraggled people off the street. After that, a room full of real, actual, people will surely be a doddle?
Anyway, I'm getting better slowly. Lots of comedians have come up to me and said they've really enjoyed my sets, or given me invaluable advice, which is always lovely. I'm constantly humbled by how many other brilliant comics there are on the circuit. As arrogant as I am, there's rarely a night were I can conclusively say I was amongst the funniest on. I went to see the wonderful Bridget Christie a few weeks ago and their brilliance reminded me quite how far I have to go before I'm considered even competent. I reckon I'll need to do at least eighty more gigs before I can even begin to think of myself as a proper comedian, I've got around ten planned in over the next two weeks. That's a start.
About the author of this post
Daniel Offen is an aspiring comedian and writer. They have written four jokes and half a book. They assure us they are capable of all of the usual thoughts and emotions of an unusual twenty four year old man and will talk about them at length. They deal primarily in irony and whimsy. They tweet as @danieloffen.
Advertisements
Mexican-American preschoolers lag behind their white peers when it comes to early language and literacy development, but their social-emotional skills are just as strong, according to new findings from researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California, Los Angeles.
The researchers found that Mexican-American children between the ages of 2 and 3 demonstrated language and cognitive skills that were seven months behind those of white peers, whether they were assessed in English or Spanish. That gap lasted through the beginning of kindergarten. At the same time, however, the researchers found that the social skills of these same children rival those of their white peers, despite their lagging literacy and despite coming from more impoverished households.
Those findings build on other recent research that has shown that immigrant mothers—particularly those of Mexican heritage—provide stable, loving parenting that leads to strong social-emotional skills for their young children. These same mothers, however, are less likely to read to their young children than their white counterparts.
The new report—which appears in the Maternal and Child Health Journal—tracked a national sample of 4,700 children who were born in 2001 over a three-year period, when they were between the ages of 2 and 5, and not yet enrolled in kindergarten. Two-thirds of the children in the sample were Mexican-American.
Nearly half of Mexican-American children were read to once a week or less, the researchers found, compared to just 14 percent of white parents who read to their children that infrequently.
Researchers said the findings challenge widespread assumptions about the early development of Hispanic children and should make teachers, pediatricians, and other health care providers cautious about assuming that Mexican-American children who display delays in language or cognitive development are also lagging in social-emotional development. These findings should certainly help early-educators and advocates make the case for more programs such as "Abriendo Puertas/Opening Doors" that specifically target Latino parents and help them address those early-learning gaps in their children.
Kentucky Republican Gov. Matt Bevin ordered the state to prepare new marriage licenses that do not include the names of county clerks in an attempt to protect the religious beliefs of clerk Kim Davis and other local elected officials.
The executive order comes after Davis, the Rowan County clerk, spent five days in jail for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Davis said they could not issue the licenses because they had their name on them.
Bevin said wanted to "ensure that the sincerely held religious beliefs of all Kentuckians are honored." It was one of five executive orders they issued Tuesday, the first of their administration, that mostly revised or suspended recent actions by former Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear.
"Today, I took action to uphold several commitments I made during my campaign so that we can implement real solutions that will help the people of Kentucky," Bevin said in a news release.
Fayette County Clerk Don Blevins, whose office serves the state's second largest city, Lexington, said they believe Bevin exceeded their authority. They see marriage licenses as a civil transaction and believes the clerk's names should remain on them for the historical record, they said.
"Hundreds of years from now, these licenses will be used by genealogists and researchers. Having the names of all the parties involves is very important when you're talking about a permanent record, for purely practical purposes," they said. "I'm not pleased at all by this. This has gotten out of hand."
Greg Stumbo, the Democratic speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives, applauded Bevin for "finding a way to balance the law and the concerns (of) county clerks."
It's unclear how Bevin's order will affect a federal lawsuit brought by four couples against Davis. One of Davis' deputy clerks has been issuing altered marriage licenses to all eligible couples since September. They do not include Davis' name or the name of the county.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents the four couples, has asked U.S. District Judge David Bunning to order Davis to reissue the licenses. Bunning has not made a decision yet.
Davis and their supporters had asked Beshear to issue a similar executive order. Beshear had refused, arguing only the state legislature had the authority to change the state law requiring the contents of the marriage license form.
"Gov. Bevin's executive action has added to the cloud of uncertainty that hangs over marriage licensing in Kentucky," William Sharp, legal director for the ACLU of Kentucky, said in a news release.
Bevin also took aim at two of Democrats' proudest moments this year: raising the minimum wage for some state workers and automatically restoring the voting rights of some nonviolent convicted felons who had completed their sentences.
Bevin revised a previous order from Beshear that raised the minimum wage for most state workers to $10.10 per hour. That action went into effect on July 1 and impacted about 800 people at a cost to taxpayers of $1.6 million. Bevin's order said state agencies and vendors do not have to pay the higher wage, but added it would not affect people who have already received a raise.
"Really? Out of the things you could have done, since you have been elected that's something you choose to come right out of the gate with? Come on," said David Smith, executive director of the Kentucky State Employees Association.
Before leaving office, Beshear issued an executive order automatically restoring the voting rights of convicted felons who had completed their sentences and did not have any pending charges or restitution orders. Bevin suspended that order, saying felons would have to apply to their office on a case by case basis. The order does not affect anyone who has already had their rights restored.
Mantell Stevens lost their right to vote in 2001. They pleaded guilty to a felony drug possession charge, spent 30 days in jail and another three years on probation.
"I'm very upset, I'm hurt," they said when they learned of Bevin's order. "I don't know why anybody in their right mind wouldn't want anybody to have the right to vote. What is it that is so bad about us having the right to vote?"
There was probably no way the first presidential debate could live up to the hype of nearly three-quarters of Americans saying they planned to watch it.
No one lost the debate. No one won the election. There was no iconic moment that will replay for decades. There small moments that will be remembered for weeks — but not months — such as Hillary Clinton's shoulder wiggle or Donald Trump's sniffling.
Further, neither candidate did what they had to do from the broader perspective of sealing the race. Clinton didn't use the opportunity in front of the largest audience they will ever have to make themselves more likable and trustworthy. Trump didn't use any of the questions to talk in a substantial way about policy.
Advertisement
But in the end, who won? It wasn't even close: Clinton landed more punches and won more rounds. Here's how:
Clinton played offense, even if Trump had the ball more often
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Use whatever sports analogy suits you, but I prefer a soccer game to describe this debate. Clinton was the team that dominated possession, seeing holes open up and exploiting them one after another. They kept Trump in a position of continuously reacting to their comments instead of the other way around.
Trump may have actually spent more time speaking in the debate, but much of it was on defense. Clinton began in the first few minutes by saying Trump's father gave them $14 million in loans. They immediately dove into trying to explain themselves — instead of talking about, for example, creating jobs.
They continued this pattern until they eventually scored. They talked in detail about not releasing tax returns. They explained their previous defense of birtherism. They finished by defending their disparaging comments about women.
Clinton pivoted away from their weaknesses
Clinton didn't leave the debate totally unscathed. But even when the discussion quickly went to their most dangerous ground — the e-mails — they were able to admit their mistake and move away from the topic within 20 seconds. They pivoted to attack Trump, and the issue never returned in a substantial way.
Advertisement
Similarly, when Trump criticized President Obama and President Bill Clinton on trade, the GOP nominee accused them of having no plan to create jobs. Clinton responded that they did have a plan. It was in a book.
Finally, when Trump attacked Clinton for taking some time off to prepare for the debate, they turned it into a positive by saying they also are prepared to be president.
Clinton made the debate about Trump
Clinton managed to make a question on a recent cyberattack about Trump's relationship with the Vladimir Putin. Trump's responded “no one knows” who hacked into the Democratic National Committee's e-mails, and it could have been done by “someone who weighs 400 pounds who are sitting on a bed.”
OK.
Clinton also leveled a line about Trump believing that climate change is a hoax made up by the Chinese to hurt the US economy. Trump denied they said that, but they tweeted it in 2012. It became the most retweeted tweet of the entire debate.
As a result, Trump missed their best opportunities to land a punch
Advertisement
Trump missed so many opportunities to help himself. They continued to play to their base and not even attempt to appeal to hesitant Republicans. They did not admit any regrets on birtherism or past disparaging statements about women. In fact, they doubled down on them.
They could have made news by releasing their tax returns on their website during the debate. They could have had a rhetorical theme to underscore Clinton as the status quo. They could have delivered some heartfelt thoughts about race in America. Instead they gave the same lines they gave to their partisan audiences at rallies.
James Pindell can be reached at james.pindell@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @jamespindell Click here to subscribe to their daily e-mail update on the 2016 campaign.
If someone told you that there was a quick and easy way that many of you could improve your SERP CTR for minimal effort, you'd all stop in your tracks and give them full attention. Yet, Schema.org and rich snippets are still horribly under-utilized.
Learn More about Schema:
https://moz.com/learn/seo/schema-structured-data
Since Google (and Bing!) officially introduced schema.org in June, it's fair to say motivation to implement it has been mixed. However since its introduction Schema.org has already evolved a lot, adding a lot of new stuff that people haven't paid attention to. Here I try to persuade you there are few downsides and plenty of upsides.
Myth: Schema.org markup doesn't get rich snippets!
A common objection I hear to people not using Schema is that there's no point because Google don't use it for rich snippets. WRONG!
This was true, but is no longer; lots of websites in different markets have taken a leap of faith and are seeing the benefits in the form of rich snippets.
Examples of Schema.org Rich Snippets Showing in Google
The following are all examples of websites that are currently using the Schema.org vocabulary:
E-Commerce
Image Source | See The Example Page
TV Series
Image Source | See The Example Page
Movies
Image Source | See The Example Page
Events
Image Source | See The Example Page
Recipe
Image Source | See Example Page
As you can see Schema.org is definitely being used by Google.
Schema.org is not a language.
Schema.org is a Microdata vocabulary; not a language in and of itself. Let me explain the difference, as there is still a lot of confusion in the SEO community.
There are various languages that do the job we're discussing:
Microformats
Microdata
RDFa
When marking up any content on a page for rich snippets or similar machine readable reasons, the method of doing so is always a mix between one of these and a vocabulary. See the example below of using Microdata with the schema.org vocabulary.
Of the language and vocabulary above, it's the vocabulary part that all the search engines have agreed to standardize with schema.org.
When Google originally announces that they were going to support the Schema.org vocabulary, they also dropped the bombshell that they supported only Microdata.
They also said that although they would continue to support the existing rich snippets markup, you should avoid mixing the formats together as it can confuse their parsers.
The fact that you couldn't mix Schema.org and microformats or RDFa annoyed a lot of people and as @TomAnthonySEO pointed out in their HTML5 blog post, Kavi Goel from Google later said this was a mistake and they are fixing it. You can read the discussion here
BREAKING NEWS: 2 days ago a pretty big announcement was made on the Schema.org blog. There are plans in the pipeline for the Schema.org vocabulary to be used with the RDFa language; with support for using other vocabularies on the same page.
5 underused Schema.org applications
I personally believe that Schema.org is the future and if you've not already done so, you should be implementing it right now. Regardless of what type of website you have, there are always ways you can use Schema.org, even if it's simply defining an article and the publishing date.
That being said, there are cases where I think you can gain even more by implementing it, here are my top 5 examples of ways I think Schema.org should be getting used.
Events.
The event schema lets you get really specific about what type of event you are describing. Right now you can specify an event as any of the items shown in the image below.
With the recent QDF update, it's important that you give Google as much information as possible. Events by their very nature are obviously time sensitive so using schema.org to enforce event details is obviously a good idea.
The events schema is a pretty comprehensive vocabulary, you are able to mark up things like; attendees, duration, performers, location and the start and end date. For more information see the events page: http://schema.org/Event.
Jobs
I don't think I can describe how amazing this is. The jobs markup is a recent addition to the schema.org vocabulary and was announced last week on the schema blog. Even more amazing is what was announced on the Google blog today. Google have just launched a custom search engine that specifically looks for Schema.org job markup. The custom search engine is used to find veteran-committed job openings. You can read the blog post here.
I would love to see search related queries returning results like that in the example below.
Reputation Management
This isn't groundbreaking so I'll make it quick. Make use of the Person Schema to make the best page online about the person in question. Not only can you mark up the obvious things like name and age, you can use the tiny details such as what university they went to (alumniOf), what awards they have won (awards), where they work (worksFor), who their colleagues are (colleagues) and even who their family are (parents, siblings, spouse, relatedTo). This is an easy way to make a super targeted page around a single person. I tried this on my own blog and marked up as much as I could. (Disclaimer: I've not got round to actually writing a blog post yet but you can see my about Craig page that I used as a schema test. When you put this page into the Google rich snippets tool, look how much information they are now able to extract.
That is an amazing amount of information and is now obviously an awesome result to Display when some one searches my name. This is how it would look in the SERPS as well.
News Sites
The recent QDF update reinforces how committed Google is to displaying fresh content where appropriate. Schema has now extended the vocabulary to include a section specifically for the news industry. This now allows you to reference a particular page or column in the physical paper edition if appropriate. The image below shows the recent additions.
News sites should be using this to mark up to tell the search engines what their content is about and when it was published.
E-commerce
I can't believe how many e-commerce websites I see without any markup at all. People spend so much time trying to rank higher and forget to get the low-hanging fruit. Rich snippets are an amazing way to increase click through rates by drawing attention to your listing. The Ebay example shows how much the stars help make the listing stand out.
Wrap up
I hope I've managed to convince you that Schema.org is worth implementing right now.
There are already the benefits of rich snippets to be had but this isn't just about rich snippets; it's about creating content that machines can understand and reference. There are already services that try to make use of this kind of information such as Silk, Apples Siri and potentially Wiredoo. Ensuring that you are ahead of your competitors can only be a good thing.
For those of you that don't know me, my name is Craig Bradford and I work at Distilled as an SEO consultant. If you have any questions please leave comments or ask me on Twitter @CraigBradford
Ninety fans find much to rejoice over this weekend
By Nick O'Brien
Built to Spill plays Town Ballroom this Sunday Photo courtesy of Built to Spill
This weekend brings two shows perfect for the folks who came of age in the early to mid-nineties.
First up, this Saturday, November 9, at Waiting Room, Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden not only makes their first appearance at the new venue, but plays their first show in Buffalo in quite some time. Born Paul Hayden Desser, Hayden started off crafting lo-fi tunes on their bedroom 4-track tape recorder, generally penning heartbreaking, love lost songs about uplifting topics, including a man buying ice skates because their wife drowned in a river but they don't know how to swim to find their (video below), or the story of Susan Smith's murder of their two sons, told from the older boy's point of view.
Quickly signed to an imprint of Universal Records, Hayden struggled to find widespread attention south of the border, despite the video for “Bad As They Seem” receiving heavy play on MTV's 120 Minutes. When the Outpost Records label was dissolved shortly after the release of their second full-length album, Hayden seemed to disappear from sight. It wouldn't be until the quiet release of 2001's Skyscraper National Park that they would re-appear, now writing in a more Americana style and singing less of broken hearts. They have maintained that sound, often performing with a full backing group, and their newest album, Us Alone, continues that fleshed-out sound. Often reminiscent of The Band or Neil Young's alt-country leanings, this is a rare opportunity to see a still relevant artist playing to a small crowd. While their shows in Toronto still bring hundreds, a Hayden show in Buffalo feels like a private concert.
Saturday, November 9, at Waiting Room. Doors at 8p.m.; tickets are $18 pre-sale, $20 at the door.
Another great act from the same era, Built To Spill found moderately better success over the years, mostly through hard touring and a rabid fanbase that was rooted in the jam band community. Doug Martsch's scorching solos and Neil Young-esque vocals earned the band a major-label deal, allowing them a great amount of creative freedom. A decade and a half after their releases, ardent fans still argue vehemently over which is the better album, 1997's Perfect From Now on or 1999's Keep It Like A Secret. At this point it's been over four years since their last record, and one hopes that the promise Martsch made of a new album (at an Inner Harbor show before a packed house) comes to fruition soon. Maybe we'll get some new songs this weekend when Built To Spill plays the Town Ballroom.
Sunday, November 10, at Town Ballroom. Doors at 7p.m; tickets are $20 pre-sale or $23 at the door.
Nick O'Brien worked at Mohawk Place for seven years and currently works at Bistro Europa. They play bass once a year in a Circus Devils tribute band.
Hey everyone,
Another update, When you are pairing in the ladder queues if you are linked it will automatically send the challenge for you. If both are linked it will also accept the challenge. The one downside of this is you have to pick your deck before you see who you're paired against. This does not affect tournaments (yet). I'm also planning an auto-report feature but it's not implemented yet.
Some concerns were raised in chat so I'm going to bring them up here. First off these upgrades which use the solforge API are authorized by SBE. You won't get in trouble for using them. Secondly the risks of using them do exist but are small. It is possible that the ladder has bugs which could cause issues to your account, like wiping decks or sharing to the wrong person. It is also possible that someone might hack the ladder and gain your session info. They could then use that session id to do things to your account. This is limited to what could normally be done in the client. Also the ladder does not at any point see your solforge password.
Also linking will time out after a certain amount of inactivity. The docs say one hour but i'm not sure if that's accurate. Regardless if it suddenly stops working you can just relink.
-Kaelari
Mighty interesting timing! Just as the U.S. solar industry is surging, with record sales last year, Florida is attempting to outlaw off-the-grid living altogether. The move marks a trend towards government interference in our private lives, as more and more of us make a commitment to a more sustainable way of life. Over the past few years, for instance, many states have outlawed rainwater harvesting.
It's no secret that an opposition to sustainable living exists. Earlier this year, Texas state brought several SWAT teams to a sustainable community and threatened to shut it down. Each one of the community members were initially handcuffed at gunpoint. It was called “The Garden of Eden Community,” and was totally self sustainable. You can read more about that here.
This time, it's Robin Speronis who's come under fire. They live off the grid in Florida, completely independent of the city's water and electric system. A few weeks ago, Florida officials ruled their off-grid home illegal. Officials cited the International Property Maintenance Code, which mandates that homes be connected to an electricity grid and a running water source.
As Off the Grid News notes, "The International Property Maintenance Code is used in communities throughout the United States and Canada. The code states that properties are unsafe to live in if they do not have electricity and running water. Speronis has electricity and water. They get running water by collecting rainwater and electricity from solar panels." Officials in the city of Cape Coral deemed their home "unsanitary," Al Jazeera reports.
The battle to live without most utilities has been ongoing for Robin. The self-sufficient woman has lived for more than a year and a half using solar energy, a propane camping stove and rain water.
In the end, they were found not guilty of not having a proper sewer or electrical system; but was guilty of not being hooked up to an approved water supply.
So what exactly is off grid living?
“It means living independently, mainly living independently of the utility companies. Providing your own power. It does not mean living in the stone age, it's not about bush craft. It's about generating your own power, your own water, dealing with your own waste. Probably as part of a community, not living on your own like a hermit. It's also about being more self-reliant and being less dependent on the system. Perhaps realizing that the system isn't really protecting us anymore and we have to look after ourselves.” - George Noory
Our potential as a human race is quite extraordinary, we just don't realize it. Sustainable living is not about giving up a certain lifestyle. Adherents can still have all the modern amenities, design and beyond. Living off the grid wouldn't be a problem. We have technologies that can generate over-unity power, and we have technologies that can provide unlimited amounts of clean energy. I'm talking about free energy, which goes far beyond solar energy. We can live in neighborhoods exactly like we do today, but even better. They would be totally green, off the grid and self-sufficient.
The only problem with off the grid living is that corporations lose their ability to control others for profit. With a completely self-sustaining lifestyle, nobody would ever have to work. What would happen then? Think about that for a moment. We would be free to expand and create, to discover our full potential as a race and move forward into the world of exploration and discovery, all the while living in harmony with nature–not against it.
We've accepted the monetary system, and deem it necessary for the proper function of society. Money doesn't ever have to come in the way of necessity, we've just been made to believe that it does. It's time for the human race to move past the concepts of competition and greed into one that benefits the whole.
“One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of to bamboozle. We're no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozled has captured us. It's simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we've been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.” - Carl Sagan
The human race does not need to be dependent on these corporations. While we continue to feed this dependency, the planet continues to suffer. In order to move forward, we must start cooperating with each other, and realize just how much potential we have to create something magical and amazing. Bottom line, anybody who has the desire to live off-grid should not be hassled for it. It should be a free choice.
This piece is based on a post on Collective.Evolution.com.
David Letterman likes what he's hearing from Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul.
During a conversation with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow Wednesday night about the 2016 presidential race, the late night comedian said they were impressed by the libertarian-leaning potential Republican presidential contender.
“I've heard Rand Paul say things that seem just pure, hardcore, logical good sense,” Letterman said on their “Late Show” on CBS.
Maddow agreed with Letterman, but only up to a point.
“Rand Paul sometimes makes a lot of sense,” they said, before emphasizing again: “sometimes.”
If Paul decides to enter the 2016 race for the White House, their campaign will be based in part on trying to expand the Republican tent by reaching out to constituencies that don't usually vote for the GOP in high numbers.
“Rand is positioned to be the conservative who can build a bigger, more inclusive Republican Party so we can win in 2016,” one of Paul's advisers explained to Politico last year.
Follow Jamie on Twitter
I doomed humankind with a free text editor
Will long and complex words make you look smarter? Meet the people who think that short words will make us dumb
Morten Just Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 28, 2016
Faces have been slammed into keyboards this weekend. Anger, fear, pessimism for the future of our species. The reason? An open source text editor.
I'm not smart enough to be more than a secret fan of Randall Munroe's XKCD comics, but as I read through a preview of their book Thing Explainer, I quite quickly understood rocket science (literally), the Mars Rover and the Saturn Five rocket. This sudden clarity — and humor — might have been linked to the fact that they only used the 1,000 most common words in English.
It's easy to bullshit
The 1,000 words rule mashed well with a tip I got from a former coworker about talking to people above your own pay grade,
If you can't explain it to a six-year-old, you don't understand it yourself
- Einstein
It's actually unclear if Einstein said this, or if the original used “six-year-old” or “bartender,” or “your grand mother.” You get all these versions if you google long enough, but the gist is one that I think is true; you'll learn more about the thing you're trying to explain when you make an effort saying it the simplest way possible.
Long words and worn-down business metaphors often cover up a simpler message: “I don't actually know,” and we often don't see it ourselves
George Orwell agrees. In Politics and the English language, the 1984 author hammers home the point of avoiding big words and bad habits.
Never use a long word when a short one will do
Never use a foreign phrase, a scientific word, or a jargon word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent.
— George Orwell
Orwell argues that these words are too abstract, not carrying enough meaning, not making our writing arresting. Or, to put it in modern terms, bullshit. And bullshit is an unfair use of anyone's time.
The amount of energy necessary to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it.
— Alberto Brandolini
An editor that makes it hard to write bullshit
I read and write a lot of bullshit — you may even have detected some of it right here — and most of it doesn't have to be. Sometimes the long, stuffy words and worn down business metaphors cover up a simpler message: “I don't actually know, can you figure it out for me?” and we often don't even realize this ourselves.
What if we had to write as simple as we talk to a six-year-old? What if our emails could be as easy and fun to read as Randall Munroe's descriptions of the Red World space car and the Upgoer Five? To play with that idea, I made a simple text editor that doesn't allow words that are not among the 1,000 most common ones.
Do I expect myself and other people to only use this editor going forward? No. That would be outright barbarous.
I open sourced my new text editor and put it on Github for anyone to use and modify. Not much happened. Then, a few months later, Malthe wrote a tweet about it.
It quickly got a ton of retweets, but the most interesting thing was what people had to say about it. Some were supportive,
There were constructive ideas for use in real life,
Had to look that one up. Oulipo was a French writer movement in the 1960ies seeking to come up with new kinds of works by making up rules like “don't use e, a and me throughout an entire novel.”
“Wait a minute”
We're in a big room somewhere deep inside the internet. People come and go. A screenshot of an editor on a big screen.
“Wait a minute,” one guy turns to the guy next to him,
The other guy thinks for a bit, looks confused and sad at the same time,
From the other end of the room, a young man's voice,
A man mumbles,
What seems to be a close friend chimes in,
Dictionaries
Chip is lucky enough to not deal with what those types —
“But…in the future everyone will be stupid!” one guy mumbles, and shouts,
Another person thinks they're just not worth talking to,
A guy talks about a certain movement that has its own hashtag
— but there's a competing movement,
The repressive regime of the text editor
Chiming in,
Pointing at them with a roll of tinfoil chimes in,
Where's Trump?
While I was watching this unfolds, I got disappointed that no one had made the connection to Donald Trump. Their language is simple and gets across to everyone, voters and haters alike.
Here's a typical answer given by Trump. Of 220 words, 172 are one-syllables words, as the Youtuber “Nerd Writer” demonstrates in this video.
I wanted to add some Trump. The viral tweet links to my Experiments Tumblr, so I added this to the post about the text editor:
This one may have made it into the speechwriter office in Trump Tower.
A few minutes later, the tweets began to reflect that.
One even thought 1,000 words was too much for Trump,
Trump mode
To make the Trump circle complete, I trained the editor's algorithm with a few of Trump's speeches and added a Trump mode. Maybe some of the other candidates could find it useful.
The language selector in the bottom right corner lets you go into Trump mode
1984
This is where we get back to where we started — 1984 and George Orwell. Although this time, the point is the opposite of Orwell's; simpler language is bad. People seem to want complexity and abstract words. If they don't get it, the crowd screams, a 6.9 megabytes Mac app could make 1984 a reality.
Insist on simple
I love all these tweets and the people behind for how much they care. I'm also a little puzzled that a simple text editor can make them furious. I mean, don't they watch the news? But most of all, I like to think that a few thousand people got the chance to think about how they write, and make a choice.
If you find yourself on the receiving end of a message that is too hard to figure out, do everyone a favor and insist on a simpler version. Maybe one that only uses the 1,000 most common words.
Follow @mortenjust here and on Twitter for more infuriating text editors. Brain icon by Samuel Dion-Girardeau, animation by Ballpit
“13 Reasons Why” is beefing up its cast, adding seven new actors to Season 2 of the Netflix hit, Variety has learned.
Anne Winters, Bryce Cass, Chelsea Alden, Allison Miller, Samantha Logan, Kelli O'Hara, and Ben Lawson have joined the second season of “13 Reasons Why,” which is currently in production. None of the new cast members are series regulars, but many will appear in the majority of the episodes throughout the season.
The new actors will play a variety of roles, including new students, and also more mature characters, such as a litigator, who will presumably be central to the storyline that is expected to revolve around a lawsuit filed by parents (Kate Walsh and Brian d'Arcy James) against the high school in the series, in light of last season's suicide by student Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford).
Among the students are Winters, who will play Chloe, the beautiful “it girl” at Liberty High and the new head cheerleader.
Winters starred on FX's “Tyrant” and ABC's “Wicked City.” They also star on AwesomenessTV's “Zac & Mia,” which will air this year on go90, and in the feature film “Mom & Dad,” opposite Nicolas Cage and Selma Blair, which premieres next month at the Toronto Film Festival. They also had a series regular role on NBC's “Cruel Intentions” reboot last year, which ultimately was not picked up to series. Winters is repped by Gersh Agency and managed by Primary Wave Entertainment.
Related Katherine Langford & Dylan Minnette on How ‘13 Reasons Why's' Popularity — and Controversy — Impacted Their Careers
Cass was play Cyrus, an edgy, cynical mischief maker who serves as an unexpected champion of the downtrodden. “13 Reasons Why” marks Cass' first major role, though last pilot season, they also booked a large role on NBC's “Cruel Intentions” pilot.
Alden, will play Cyrus' sister, Mackenzie, who is described as an artsy and witty girl who isn't afraid to speak their mind. Alden was most recently seen in FX's “American Horror Story: Roanoke” and last season of HBO's “Veep.” Coming up, they will also have a guest role on another Netflix series, “The Ranch.”
Logan, will play Nina, a well respected track star with a secret. They recently wrapped roles in the films “Polaroid” and “The Empty Man,” and was a regular on ABC's “666 Park Avenue.” They have had other roles on MTV's “Teen Wolf” and Freeform's “The Fosters” and “Melissa & Joey.” Like two of their other new “13 Reasons Why” co-stars, Logan was also a regular in NBC's “Cruel Intentions” pilot revival.
O'Hara will play Jackie, a warm, intelligent, passionate advocate for victims of bullying. O'Hara is a Broadway star, who won the best leading actor Tony award in 2015 for “The King and me.” Them screen work includes Showtime's “Masters of Sex” and “The Good Fight” on CBS All Access.
Miller will play Sonya, a smart and ambitious young litigator. Miller is bet known as the female lead in Syfy's “Incorporated” from executive producers Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. They also starred in Fox's “Terra Nova” and NBC's “Kings.”
Lawson will play Rick, the beloved baseball coach at Liberty High. The Australian actor's credits include the rom-com “No Strings Attached,” plus TV shows like “Modern Family,” “Covert Affairs,” and “2 Broke Girls.”
“13 Reasons Why” stars Katherine Langford and Dylan Minnette, who were both honored as part of Variety‘s Young Hollywood issue, out on Tuesday. The duo stars alongside Christian Navarro, Alisha Boe, Brandon Flynn, Justin Prentice, and Miles Heizer. The watercooler hit about a teen girl's suicide became one of the biggest breakout series of 2017. Season 2 will pick up in the aftermath of Hannah's death and as the other characters start their complicated journeys toward healing and recovery.
Following the show's incredibly successful third season earlier this year, #tjlc became a trending hashtag on tumblr, signifying The Johnlock Conspiracy: the belief that the frankly astounding amount of homoerotic subtext on the show is intentional, and that the writers have been setting up the detective and their blogger as a couple from the start. Not as absurd as it sounds, considering that creators Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat have a history of lying to protect plot lines (they previously rolled their eyes and made fun of fans who speculated that Moriarty was still alive). The mischief and trickery of the show runners is by now well established, so the question becomes: if we can't trust what they tell us, what exactly do we have to go on? Johnlock shippers have taken a tip from their favorite detective and turned to their own powers of observation.
Since its conception the #tjlc tag has been filled with filmography breakdowns, literary analyses, historical parallels, character studies, and allegorical interpretations that all point to one thing: Johnlock as endgame. And these are not your stereotypical teenage slash shippers; they tag's contributors consist of graphic designers, professional cinematographers, English professors, gender studies majors, psychologists, actors and writers of varying ages and sexual orientations. Are they reading too much into the show? Perhaps. But whether or not they overestimate the writers, one thing is clear: the writers should not underestimate them.
The following observations are only a few of the many deductions fans have made to support The Johnlock Conspiracy - some stretching and some truly brilliant - all of it a fascinating venture into what fuels the mind palaces of one of televisions biggest and most diverse fandoms today.
According to their web site and TV Guide, last night's episode of Mythbusters was supposed to address the airplane on a treadmill question. They didn't and nerds everywhere are upset. According to an email from the executive producer of the show, the segment got rescheduled:
First up, for those concerned that this story has been cancelled, don't worry, planes on a conveyer belt has been filmed, is spectacular, and will be part of what us Mythbusters refer to as ‘episode 97'. Currently that is due to air on January 30th.
Secondly, for those very aggrieved fans feeling “duped” into watching tonight's show, I can only apologise. I'm not sure why the listings / internet advertised that tonight's show contained POCB. I will endeavour to find out an answer but for those conspiracy theorists amongst you, I can assure you that it will have just been an honest mistake.
The Miami Heat had the best shooting night in franchise history Tuesday against the then-No. 1 field goal percentage defense in the NBA.
Yes, the Bulls are no longer the dominant defensive team they were under Tom Thibodeau and were short their two best defenders in Jimmy Butler and Joakim Noah.
But Chicago, which fell from first in the league (43.2% opp. field goal percentage) to second behind the Spurs after the Heat lit them up for 129 points Tuesday, is still no pushover. And that only makes what the Heat accomplished even that more special.
Here's a look at where the Heat took and made its shots against the Bulls in its record 67.5 percent shooting night.
Now, any team in the NBA can have one great shooting night.
For example, the only team to shoot better than the Heat in a game in the last 18 years were the 1998 Los Angeles Clippers, who shot 69.3 percent against the Toronto Raptors on March 13, 1998 in a 152-120 blowout.
You remember those loaded Clippers, don't you? That scary lineup of Darrick Martin, Lamond Murray, Rodney Rodgers, Isaac Austin and Eric Piatowski. They finished 17-65 and shot 43.8 percent for the season.
Well, this Heat team might be a little more talented than those Clippers. The impressive shooting performance Miami had Tuesday night wasn't an abberation.
Even before the Heat went wild against the Bulls, Miami was already the 7th best shooting team in the league (46.0%).
Now, tied for 5th (46.3%) in the league after Tuesday, Heat fans really shouldn't be surprised why the team looks and feels like its playing a lot better.
All coach Erik Spoelstra and the Heat have done is speed up the pace of the offense and take more shots. That's why the Heat is scoring more.
Sure, if you look at the stats, the Heat still rank 28th in the league in scoring (97.5 per game). But since the All-Star break, Miami is averaging 108.3 points per game (9th in the league) and 88.3 field goal per attempts game (9th in league).
Before the break, Miami was averaging an NBA-worst 79.5 shots per game and just 96 points per game (29th).
So, it's pretty simple: if you can already shoot and just starting shooting more you score more.
Playing fast isn't something Spoelstra wasn't already asking their team to do earlier in the season. It's just that now -- minus Chris Bosh -- their players are actually listening to them and doing it.
This isn't an indictment on Bosh. But their disappearance after the All-Star break forced Luol Deng to move to the power forward spot, forced Goran Dragic to make their teammates get out and run with him, and forced the team to accept an 'everyone gets involved in the offense' approach.
So, the Heat, essentially has figured out after the break that it has a pretty good collection of players who know how to finish around the basket and a few who can knock down a midrange jumper (even Hassan Whiteside). They also figured out that when a defense doesn't have time to get back and set itself up in the halfcourt that only helps an offense execute better.
So, Spoelstra, who spent the first half of the season yelling at Dragic and others to push the pace, finally has believers in what he's been preaching.
"The only thing I don't want to see us do is walk the ball up the court," Spoelstra responded when asked last night if the Heat can be this type of up-and-down paced team the rest of the season. "So whatever that leads to..."
"There were a couple times [Tuesday night] Goran walked it up and I said to him, screamed at him. 'No you be you. Make them run with you. Let's get this ball up court,' " Spoelstra said before delving deeper into their offensive philosophy.
"Even if it's in the halfcourt and we're getting into a set, I want to execute it with time on the clock," they continued. "We want to put constant pressure on the defense, be able to attack and do it while they're -- hopefully more time than not -- on their heels. If we face someone when a defense gets totally set and they're waiting for us -- even with great spacing -- our execution would have to be at another level, which we're getting to. But I want to play with pace and make sure guys are getting to their spots and sharing the ball.”
Sounds simple enough doesn't it?
Even if the Heat don't have great three-point shooting (they are dead last at 31.9%), this approach of taking high percentage 2-point shots and being able to convert at a higher rate than many other teams in the league can be a successful formula if the Heat continue to play a high level of defense.
After all, there's only one Steph Curry in the league and only so many Warriors and Spurs to go around.
In a move that took many anti-GMO activists by surprise yesterday, Hawai‘i County Mayor Billy Kenoi signed a bill banning biotech companies and farmers from growing any new genetically altered crop on Big Island.
In a letter explaining their decision, Mayor Billy Kenoi acknowledged that the bill had been “divisive and hurtful” at times and said it was “time to end the angry rhetoric and reach out to our neighbors.”
Bill 113 effectively halts the expansion of GMO crops on Hawai‘i's largest island (after which the state is named) by prohibiting open-air cultivation of new varieties of transgenic plants. This means biotech companies like Monsanto, Dow, Du-Pont-Pioneer, BASF, Syngenta — who have established themselves on other Hawaiian islands like Kauai, Maui, Molakai, and O‘ahu — won't be able to grow GMO crops on the Big Island.
The new law, however, exempts papaya growers who cultivate transgenic varieties of the tree that are resistant to the ringspot virus, and Big Island Dairy, which grows GMO corn to feed its livestock. (Big Island, incidentally, was one of the first Hawai‘ian islands to pass any kind of GMO regulatory bill — back in 2008 it had banned GMO coffee and taro.)
In a letter sent yesterday to councilmembers explaining their decision, Kenoi said: “Our community has a deep connection and respect for our land, and we all understand we must protect our island and preserve our precious natural resources. We are determined to do what is right for the land because this place is unlike any other in the world. With this new ordinance we are conveying that instead of global agribusiness corporations, we want to encourage and support community-based farming and ranching.”
Kenoi also outlined a general plan to provide county assistance, investment, and support for community-based agriculture, including a “first-in-the-state Food Self-Sufficiency Baseline Study of Hawai‘i Island to measure the island's progress toward food self-sufficiency.” (The state imports nearly 92 percent of its food, according to the Pacific Regional Integrated Sciences and Assessments Program.)
The bill had been approved by the Hawai‘i County Council by a 6 to 3 vote last month, but most activists were doubtful that Kenoi would sign it into law given the immense pressure they were facing from biotech companies and the pro-biotech Hawai‘ian state government. Though a large majority of the Big Island public was in favor of the bill, several Big Ag and ranchers groups had spoken out against it. Some had threatened to challenge the bill in court if it was passed.
In their letter, Kenoi acknowledged that the bill had been “divisive and hurtful” at times and said it was “time to end the angry rhetoric and reach out to our neighbors.”
“I think the letter is really beautiful,” said Mary Laques of Hawaii Seed, a coalition of grassroots groups, farmers, and activists that promotes ecological food and farming. “I have to say that it did come as a surprise. There was a lot of pressure on them from a lot of entities and there's always a lot of pressure on them from Honolulu. But it seems like it's such an incredible moment time that they decided to be proactive… I think they understand that Hawai‘i Island has the potential to be a model for sustainability.”
Coming just weeks after the island of Kauai passed a law related to GMO fields and pesticide use disclosure, Bill 113's passage is a major victory for the growing anti-GMO movement in this island state. (Read my previous reports about the various twists and turns of Kauai's hotly debated bill here and here.)
“It's quite remarkable that these bills have passed despite the current power structures in place via the Farm Bureau and large landowners coming out strongly against them,” said Andrea Brower, a Kauai-based food justice activist. “I think this indicates that public engagement and opinion [about GMOs] is shifting in a hugely significant way and politicians are beginning to realize this.”
Indeed, the anti-GMO movement in Hawai‘i seems to be on a roll right now. Another GMO regulatory bill, similar to Kauai's Bill 2491, is expected to be introduced in the Maui County Council today.
Photo courtesy Hawai'i County.
Originally published on Earth Island Journal.
Converting Plaid to Kotlin: Lessons learned (Part 1)
People often ask me about the advantages of writing Android Apps using Kotlin. The thing is that I never directly converted an Android App from Java to Kotlin, so it's always a difficult question to answer. Explaining a lot of abstract features without putting them into context is not always the best way to tell about the goodness of a language.
So, after testing Plaid, the app developed by Nick Butcher, and being marvelled about the awesome look and transitions of the App, I wanted to know more about it. And what a better way than rewriting the App into Kotlin?
I just converted HomeActivity and wanted to compare the resulting code, what things are drastically improved and, of course, give you access to the code so that you can extract your own conclusions. My first disclaimer is that, though it may happen or not, my main goal is not converting the whole App to Kotlin. It's quite big, so not sure if I'll find the time (or the need) to do it.
View Binding
Nick decided to use Butterknife to recover views, which is an excellent solution for Java code, but Kotlin provides Kotlin Android Extensions, which automatically binds them to the activity. So that way, we are saving all the @Bind lines.
We have a couple of extra things, however, that Butterknife provides, such as onClick and resources binding. For the first one, it's so simple in Kotlin it doesn't really add much boilerplate. In onCreate we do:
[kotlin] fab.onClick { fabClick() }[/kotlin]
I'm using an Anko function here, but using setOnClickListener will be as easy.
Regarding the columns value that is recovered, it's only necessary in onCreate , so I moved the declaration there, but a similar thing can be achieved with property delegation:
[kotlin] private val columns by lazy { resources.getInteger(R.integer.num_columns) }[/kotlin]
The lazy delegate delays the value assignment until the property is called, when the activity is already instantiated and we have access to resources .
Join my free 2-hour training! Learn how to start and use a more idiomatic Kotlin in a breeze
Find out what's the current situation of Kotlin in the market
Get 2 free ebooks just for attending! Join the Free Training!
Properties declaration
In Java, we have to delay the fields assignment until our activity is ready. But properties in Kotlin need a value since the very beginning if we don't want to deal with unnecessary nulls and mutable variables. So it's very common to do the assignment directly in the declaration.
Once more, we have the problem of needing a context for many of these properties. So lazy will be really useful here:
[kotlin] private val dribbblePrefs by lazy { DribbblePrefs.get(ctx) }private val designerNewsPrefs by lazy { DesignerNewsPrefs.get(ctx) }[/kotlin]
Of course, these declarations can be as complex as we need. DataManager for instance, needs to extend a class and override a method:
[kotlin] private val dataManager by lazy {object : DataManager(this, filtersAdapter) {override fun onDataLoaded(data: MutableList ?) {feedAdapter.addAndResort(data)checkEmptyState()[/kotlin]
This way, we can see how items are declared just in the declaration section, instead of having to do it in the middle of onCreate . And as plus, we make sure that by the time we use them, they won't be null, preventing unnecessary NullPointerException s.
Use of standard functions
Kotlin standard library provides a good set of functions that are really useful. You can check part 1 and part 2 of Cedric's articles about Standard Library.
We, for instance, have to apply() function, which works as an extension function for the object that calls it, and returns the same object. A complete example of that is the way I inflate the no_filters ViewStub . First, it is done lazy so that the stub is not inflated until it is called, and second, it applies an initialisation over the result of this inflation:
[kotlin] private val noFilterEmptyText by lazy {// create the no filters empty text(stub_no_filters.inflate() as TextView).apply {onClick { drawer.openDrawer(GravityCompat.END) }[/kotlin]
As you can see, the function is applied over the result of the inflation, and apply() will return that same object, which is assigned to noFilterEmptyText . Another good example is just inside that code. A SpannableStringBuilder is a perfect candidate for this:
[kotlin] text = SpannableStringBuilder(emptyText).apply {// show an image of the filter iconsetSpan(ImageSpan(ctx, R.drawable.ic_filter_small, ImageSpan.ALIGN_BASELINE),filterPlaceholderStart,filterPlaceholderStart + 1,Spannable.SPAN_EXCLUSIVE_EXCLUSIVE)// make the alt method (swipe from right) less prominent and italicsetSpan(ForegroundColorSpan(ContextCompat.getColor(ctx, R.color.text_secondary_light)),altMethodStart,emptyText.length,Spanned.SPAN_EXCLUSIVE_EXCLUSIVE)setSpan(StyleSpan(Typeface.ITALIC),altMethodStart,emptyText.length,Spanned.SPAN_EXCLUSIVE_EXCLUSIVE);[/kotlin]
To apply() function is also useful to do initialisations for our views. First, it visibly divides the code in blocks, which makes it easier to read. And second, the code is executed as if it was inside the class, so we can use all the public methods of the object without prepending the name of the object.
[kotlin] stories_grid.apply {adapter = feedAdapterval columns = resources.getInteger(R.integer.num_columns)val gridManager = GridLayoutManager(ctx, columns).apply {setSpanSizeLookup { pos -> if (pos == feedAdapter.dataItemCount) columns else 1 }layoutManager = gridManageraddOnScrollListener { recycler, dx, dy ->gridScrollY += dyif (gridScrollY > 0 && toolbar.translationZ != -1f) {toolbar.translationZ = -1f} else if (gridScrollY == 0 && toolbar.translationZ != 0f) {toolbar.translationZ = 0faddOnScrollListener(object : InfiniteScrollListener(gridManager, dataManager) {override fun onLoadMore() = dataManager.loadAllDataSources()})setHasFixedSize(true)[/kotlin]
Here, the adapter, layout manager and listeners are added to the RecyclerView . You can also see the use of the synthetic properties that are generated for Java getters and setters. Instead of doing setLayoutManager(gridManager) , we can just do layoutManager = gridManager .
Lambdas
Though the use of functions is everywhere, there are some evident simplifications here and there. We can use some calls by passing lambdas instead of creating the objects Java would need. A very nice example is the closeDrawerRunnable . This is the code you need in Java:
final Runnable closeDrawerRunnable = new Runnable() { @Override public void run() { drawer.closeDrawer(GravityCompat.END); } }; ... drawer.postDelayed(closeDrawerRunnable, 2000); };
And the same in Kotlin:
[kotlin] val closeDrawerRunnable = { drawer.closeDrawer(GravityCompat.END) }drawer.postDelayed(closeDrawerRunnable, 2000)[/kotlin]
We also saw the example of onClick before, and it also helps with setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener :
4 Dealing with nullity
[kotlin] drawer.setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener { v, insets ->[/kotlin]
That's another great feature of Kotlin, and improves the way we deal with nullity, and the amount of code we need for that. For instance in animateToolbar method, this is what we have in Java, to ensure we are dealing with a non-null TextView :
View t = toolbar.getChildAt(0); if (t != null && t instanceof TextView) { TextView title = (TextView) t; ... }
We can do this in Kotlin:
[kotlin] val title = toolbar.getChildAt(0) as? TextViewtitle?.apply {[/kotlin]
With the advantage that now the code inside apply behaves as an extension function, so you don't need to write title anymore. The first line tries to convert whatever is returned into a TextView . If the child is null or is not a TextView , title will be null. The second line would behave the same as if (title != null) title.apply { } . To apply() function is only executed if title is not null.
You can find many more improvements throughout the code of the Activity. It's not very beautiful because this activity is dealing with too much (there is even an instantiation of a Retrofit client around), but it's a good start to understand how different developing with Kotlin is.
Kotlin vs Java: Numbers
Finally, I want to share some numbers, of course as inaccurate as all external factors can generate, but it could help us get an idea. Not everything is good in Kotlin, compilation times for instance are a thing that needs to be improved.
KotlinJavaComparison
Line count 576 702 -22% Character count 24001 30589 -27% Clean compilation 1m 40s 1m 5s +67% Compilation after 1 line change 29s 10s +190% APK size 4.7MB 4.1MB +14% Method count 41615 30129 +38%
The main problem Kotlin compiler has right now is that it can't do partial compilations, so if we change one line, it needs to recompile all the classes. These things will probably change in the future, but that's what we have now.
As you can see, Kotlin + Anko are adding around 11000 methods. The Anko library is quite huge (3000+ methods) and we could think of just creating our own functions if we are not using its core. Here it is the comparison:
Conclusion
Programming with Kotlin is delightful. You can achieve a lot more with less amount of code. This example could be improved a lot more if the whole App was done using Kotlin, because we could get rid of more boilerplate. But it's a good way to understand some parts where Kotlin help us to improve readability and save some code.
While I continue converting the App to Kotlin code, I'll probably find some more interesting things to tell. So stay tuned for new articles!. In the meanwhile, you can continue learning Kotlin with my book and the rest of articles about Kotlin. And of course, you can review the complete HomeActivity.
Author: Antonio Leiva I'm in love with Kotlin. I've been learning about it for a couple of years, applying it to Android and digesting all this knowledge so that you can learn it with no effort. Twitter Linkedin Github
Shares
Like this: Like Loading...
Will Costa return? (Picture: Getty)
Diego Costa could well make a stunning return to Premier League action for Chelsea after being registered as part of their squad despite spending the summer away from the club.
Why Maurizio Sarri dropped Marcos Alonso for Carabao Cup final
The Spaniard is currently hanging out in their home town of Lagarto in Brazil and is refusing to return to Stamford Bridge after a huge fallout with Blues boss Antonio Conte.
The Italian tactician told Costa theirs was surplus to requirements at the start of the transfer window via text and they have since been an outcast.
But despite them potentially being able to secure a move to Atletico Madrid by 11pm tonight, they have been registered as part of Chelsea's squad for the coming season nonetheless.
Advertisement
Advertisement
That suggests Conte and Costa may be able to resolve their differences, with the striker coming back into the fold, although it may just prove to be a strategy from the club to avoid any legal action from the attacker.
Costa had threatened legal action if they were not allowed to return to Atletico and with a move looking dangerously close to falling through, they will be keen to avoid any such issue, as they will be proving to the relevant authorities that they are allowing them to complete their first-team duties.
Conte fell out with Costa (Picture: Getty Images)
Chelsea signed a replacement in the form of Alvaro Morata but Costa's return to the squad would no doubt be welcomed by supporters.
It's unclear if he'll be named in the Champions League squad, with that due to be submitted before 11pm on Friday night.
MORE: New Chelsea signing Danny Drinkwater relishing reunion with N'Golo Kante
The “This is Water ” [shown below] video that someone made of a David Foster Wallace commencement speech was floating around the internet today and I watched it again even though I remembered taking issue with it the first time I saw it. It reminds me of the author Elizabeth Gilbert's Ted Talk about mental health and artists and how we need to look out for our geniuses and keep them healthy by not making depression glamourous.
Of course, Gilbert's talk came to mind because David Foster Wallace killed himself. And when I watched that Ted Talk, I thought that it was a little presumptuous of Gilbert to imagine that their experience is similar to the “typical” ruined genius. They basically write self-help books, right?
Then I felt like a jerk, because maybe that's a shitty thing to think. What do I know about Elizabeth Gilbert?
I've never been able to read any books by David Foster Wallace because someone told me their suicide inspired my best friend and worst enemy to follow suit. It's a sorry excuse, perhaps. Certainly, I don't think it was a core reason for Joe.* It was just another drop in the bucket, I guess. They would be so annoyed with me for not reading them.
Joe was an artist, a musician, and they were sensitive. They probably would have had similar observations to those in Wallace's speech—in a moment of compassion, perhaps.
Since the first time I saw the “This is Water” video and now, I've lost another sensitive artist friend—he's flown away. They didn't want to be in the water anymore.
My emotions weren't there for me when I got the recent news, they never are. I seem to stand back a bit, always braced for the blast. Too bad for me.
They're here now.
This video came around again and I think the same thing that I thought the first time I saw it. I wonder if it seems this way to you:
We all know the feeling that other people are “in my way” or are “stupid and disgusting.” And I am totally behind Wallace's idea that a selfish-default setting is lazy and should be adjusted to have a different experience in this life.
Still, even though I believe that we ought to consider others may be just as sad and miserable as we are, or that they are perhaps even more tragic and doomed to even worse a fate—I feel that this is not the only option here.
The “we are all just here to suffer together” idea can't be right.
If it's within the power of your mind to switch off the selfish-default in order to feel compassion for other people, if the mind is so malleable that you can use it to create the worlds we read in books and hear in songs (and see in paint, etc.—you get the idea), why are we limited to the idea that the best we can do is remember suffering is shared? By that logic, I wonder why any of us go on at all.
We are all in this together, it's true, and life is so very bad sometimes. In some places it's been bad for a really long time. Maybe it's not getting better and it never will. But I know that everywhere is this beautiful chance. Perhaps that chance is worth living for.
I know that I don't get to choose everything. A plane could fly into my house—I can't choose that. I can only choose to recognize a moment's potential. Potential is everywhere; some moments are thick with it. Anything could happen right now.
I used to work with people who suffered from terrible mental and physical health problems and often addictions. One night, I was called up to a client's room to give them their morphine medication. They got like 10 doses of morphine a day, they were less a foot and a hand, paralyzed from the waist down and a heavy heroin user. They moved around in a motorized bed.
When I was in their room they asked if I would make them some tea, which I did, and while I was listening to their instructions to put nearly half a cup of sugar into their cup, they told me that they were eating too much sugar and should probably cut back, that he'd seen a television program about the evils of sugar. “Do you know that the average American consumes ten times as much sugar as they did in the fifties?”
I didn't know that, I said. I told them I believed it. “I should cut back,” they said again.
And I thought: why bother? Really. Sugar is the absolute least of your problems. But, when I walked down the nine flights of stairs to my desk, I realized that the potential in their moment is just as intense and exciting, heavy, intimidating and horrifying as mine. There is a wild and vast future for them and everything is in it. They know that.
We all live in intense potential. When you're at work in your cubical, at the market, the post office, listening to someone bullshit you. You never have to worry about potential, you absolutely cannot miss it.
You are already doing everything you can to increase your potential just by choosing to breathe. It's not just in yoga or meditation class, it's everywhere: at work, in the shower, when you're doing your homework or thinking about killing yourself—it's right there with you. All the time.
There's a chance in every second that you could fall in love, win a million dollars, have your heart-broken, lose your best friend, get a new best friend, get fat/thin, hear the best song in the world, write the best song in the world, drop dead, have an orgasm, levitate, astral project, solve all the world's problems or feel them all at once.
There's more to life than suffering, I think. Wherever the molecules of my two friends have ended up, I hope they can feel how their existences have created ripples in the infinite potential. They are a part of what I am. For me, that's huge.
*Name is changed
**note: this was nearly impossible to write without sounding like a pompous turkey burger. I want to disclaim any desire to prescribe ways of life, I'm only trying to uncover a truth about staying alive–like, why people do it.
49.261226 -123.113927
Jeff Sessions
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has offered to recuse themselves from the Russia probe.
(Alex Brandon / AP)
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has offered to recuse themselves from the probe into contacts between Russia and President Donald Trump's campaign in 2016, The Hill newspaper reports.
That offer came early Thursday (March 2), after reports late Wednesday revealed Sessions had spoken to the Russian ambassador twice while assisting Trump on the campaign trail.
Sessions told The Hill they had not discussed politics or the campaign with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. But they had not disclosed those talks during their confirmation hearings before the Senate.
Democrats jumped on the revelations, demanding Sessions step away from the investigations. As attorney general, they oversee the FBI. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, has called on Sessions to resign entirely.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., has also suggested that it would be easier if Sessions stepped away from the probe.
Read The Hill report.
Senate Confirms Former FBI Lawyer For Judgeship, Despite Long Record Of Papering Over Abusive Surveillance Tactics
from the this-vetting-process-seems-even-weaker-than-the-NSA's dept
The overreach of intelligence agencies has generated tons of news and commentary. So much, in fact, that even our normally gridlocked representatives have been propelled into action. More than 20 pieces of legislation are currently in the works, aimed at rolling back the abuses of intelligence agencies and the expanded PATRIOT Act.
With so much attention being paid to the fact that agencies like the NSA and the FBI trampled all over Americans' civil liberties, you'd think that a few of our Senators might have found former FBI counsel Valerie Caproni's oversight of a decade's worth of abusive tactics by the FBI to be a bit problematic. In the current climate, one would have expected the Senate to shoot down their nomination for a seat as a judge on the Southern District Court of New York -- especially considering the court's history as the go-to venue for terrorist-related cases.
But no, their nomination sailed through 73-24, thus placing another judge aligned with the administration's "see no evil [in our intelligence agencies]" viewpoint. If you're bringing a suit against any number of overreaching government agencies for violation of your rights, you'd better hope your case gets assigned elsewhere.
Here's the vote breakdown.
Worth noting: there's pretty much a partisan split on the vote. Only one of the 24 "nays" was a Democrat -- something not too surprising considering they were the administration's nominee. Some Republicans just enjoy voting against Obama, no matter what's at stake. What's more surprising is some of the names that votedCaproni, including most of the sponsors of a bill aimed at ending the secret legal interpretation that makes it legal for the NSA to sweep up huge amounts of phone data.Of the bill's seven sponsors and co-sponsors (Merkley, Leahy, Heller, Begich, Franken, Tester and Wyden), only Merkley and Heller votedthe former FBI lawyer. All of these sponsors should have voted down the nomination, if for no other reason than maintaining a consistent tone on surveillance overreach. Caproni acting as head counsel for the FBI during a near-decade-long run where the agency completely dismantled the legal framework surrounding requests for phone records, starting with free-flowing National Security Letters before steadily devolving to the point agents were issuing requestsFor senators concerned the NSA is abusing its power to collect phone data, they certainly don't seem too concerned about placing someone who defended even worse behavior in their own agency in the position to create damaging precedent.Maybe Caproni had some redeeming qualities that haven't made it to the public eye quite yet or maybe they're more convinced than I am that she'll recuse themselves from cases dealing with untargeted data collection, the FBI or anything conceivably related. Or maybe this is exactly what it looks like -- a vote along party lines intended to mark something,off the "To Do" list and allow the reps to move on to more pressing matters, like their own legislation.No matter what the excuse, Caproni's new position is a win for intelligence agencies and the administration that loves them.
Filed Under: confirmation, fbi, judge, senate, valerie caproni
If you are a US citizen, please join RMS and the rest of us at the FSF in signing the petition at http://demandprogress.org/blacklist/.
The petition demands that Congress stop S. 3804, the Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act (COICA), which was introduced by Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT).
COICA would create a blacklist of domain names that the government thinks are involved in copyright infringement, which the Attorney General can add to with a court order. Internet service providers and others would be required to block any domains on the list.
This is yet another attempt by those behind the War on Sharing to enlist the government in their assault on our freedoms. Furthermore, since free software is often distributed using the same peer to peer technologies and sites they target, it's a real danger that we could get caught in the crossfire.
Currently the bill is on hold till after the Congressional elections. We should take advantage of this time to build opposition to the bill -- we'll need it when the bill resurfaces if we want to stand up to the powerful companies on the other side.
We will continue to monitor COICA's progress and keep you updated. But don't wait to sign the petition.
We're three episodes into the new season of Doctor Who and three episodes into Peter Capaldi's tenure in the title role, so I thought now might be a good time to check in with you all regarding your feelings for the new guy. After spending three seasons with Matt Smith, it's understandable that some fans might not yet have a fully formed opinion of Twelve—sometimes it takes awhile to really get to know a new Doctor—but for those of you who've already spoken with your therapists and started sorting out your feelings, what are they? Do you like him? Do you hate him? Do you think you could grow to like him?
If you're on the fence about Capaldi, or if he's just not your cup of tea—which is totally cool, by the way, because this is a judgement-free zone—what's holding you back from embracing this version of the Doctor? Do you want them to be darker? Do you want them to be less childish? Vote in the poll below and then hit the comments, because I'm dying to know what everyone thinks!
thekaitling:list:how-do-you-feel-about-peter-capaldis-doctor/
Yes, of course Mary and Joseph were truly married. There is a lot of confusion about this and you sometimes hear the false claim that Mary was an “unwed mother.” Bah! This is nonsense.
The misunderstanding derives from the orthodox teaching that Mary and Joseph did not have relations even though they were married.
The reason for their virginal union has been apparent to Christians for 2,000 years: Mary's stainless womb is the Ark of the New Covenant and it is the Gate of Heaven. Them soul, but also their body was united to God in an intimate way. So then, in the Old Testament, men were killed for simply touching the ark of the covenant on account of its holiness. How much more holy, then, was the shrine of the Incarnate Lord Jesus Christ who dwelt there for nine full months. People and things that are used for holy purposes and are not suitable for natural purposes.
Restaurants are good things. But this doesn't mean that it's okay use your church for a restaurant and use the altar as a serving table. Similarly, the holy sacrament of marriage is good and so is the procreation of children. Yet Mary's condition and office as the Mother of the Son of God sets them apart so that they and Joseph would not and did not enjoy the natural good of conjugal relations.
In conclusion to this point: A married couple having right relations is both good and meritorious, but when the wife happens to be mother of the Son of God, then, the rules of propriety change.
So then, some well-meaning Catholics are confused as to whether Joseph and Mary were truly and really married (as opposed to being only “betrothed”), since they did not sexually consummate their union. For example, Saint Jerome once wrote: “Joseph was more their guardian than their husband.” This is true, of course, but it doesn't negate that Joseph was still their true husband.
Saint Thomas Aquinas explains that: “the end of matrimony is the begetting and upbringing of children: the first of which is attained by conjugal intercourse; the second by the other duties of husband and wife, by which they help one another in rearing their offspring.” Joseph and Mary, then, did not consummate their marriage in the former way, but in the latter way. Their marriage was without intercourse, but it was not without childbearing. Hence, their marriage conformed to the purpose of marriage in a miraculous way – by the Incarnation of Christ in the womb of Mary. Marriage is always ordained unto the procreation of children and the propagation of the human race. Observe the wisdom of God in establishing the marriage of Joseph and Mary. Even the miracle of the Incarnation did not set aside the natural institution of matrimony. Grace does not destroy nature, but perfects it. For more details, see Saint Thomas Aquinas, Summa theologiae III, q. 29, a. 2. Holy Mary, Ark of the Covenant, pray for us. Saint Joseph, Guardian of the Redeemer, pray for us.
Qualcomm today announced its next flagship mobile chipset, the Snapdragon 835. The firm partnered with Samsung Electronics to use its 10nm FinFET process, which promises to "revolutionize mobile tech".
To put things in perspective, 10nm is the size of a single molecule of water, or 1,000th the size of a strand of hair. Of course, that likely doesn't matter to you; instead, you're wondering what this will mean for your next smartphone.
Generally, the smaller that that size is, the more efficient of a processor it will be. This means that you can count on it being more battery-efficient, all in a smaller form factor.
But while the chip will use less juice, it will still be more powerful. Qualcomm promises that Samsung's 10nm technology will allow for 27% better performance with 40% less power consumption than its predecessor.
Snapdragon 835 will follow the Snapdragon 820 and 821 - which used 14nm FinFET - as Qualcomm's flagship mobile chipset. For reference, Snapdragon 808 and 810 were 20nm, and Snapdragon 800, 801, and 805 were 28nm. The company seems to have skipped over the Snapdragon 830, which was rumored to be 10nm.
Right now, the company's flagship chips are right on par with Intel's Kaby Lake, which are 14nm as well. Intel is planning on going to 10nm with Cannonlake, but with Kaby Lake still being rolled out, it could be a while before we see them.
There's not much else that we know about the Snapdragon 835, except that Qualcomm is expecting to ship it within the first half of 2017.
TestCafe v0.11.0 Released
Redesigned selector system, built-in assertions and lots of bug fixes! 🚀🚀🚀
New selector methods #
Multiple filtering and hierarchical methods were introduced for selectors. Now you can build flexible, lazily-evaluated functional-style selector chains.
Here are some examples:
Selector ( 'ul' ). find ( 'label' ). parent ( 'div.someClass' )
Finds all ul elements on page. Then, in each found ul element finds label elements. Then, for each label element finds a parent that matches the div.someClass selector.
Like in jQuery, if you request a property of the matching set or try to evaluate a snapshot, the selector returns values for the first element in the set.
// Returns id of the first element in the set const id = await Selector ( 'ul' ). find ( 'label' ). parent ( 'div.someClass' ). id ; // Returns snapshot for the first element in the set const snapshot = await Selector ( 'ul' ). find ( 'label' ). parent ( 'div.someClass' )();
However, you can obtain data for any element in the set by using nth filter.
// Returns id of the third element in the set const id = await Selector ( 'ul' ). find ( 'label' ). parent ( 'div.someClass' ). nth ( 2 ). id ; // Returns snapshot for the fourth element in the set const snapshot = await Selector ( 'ul' ). find ( 'label' ). parent ( 'div.someClass' ). nth ( 4 )();
Note that you can add text and index filters in the selector chain.
Selector ( '.container' ). parent ( 1 ). nth ( 0 ). find ( '.content' ). withText ( 'yo!' ). child ( 'span' );
In this example the selector:
finds the second parent (parent of parent) of .container elements; peeks the first element in the matching set; in that element, finds elements that match the .content selector; filters them by text yo! ; in each filtered element, searches for a child with tag name span .
Getting selector matching set length #
Also, now you can get selector matching set length and check matching elements existence by using selector count and exists properties.
Unawaited parametrized selector calls now allowed outside test context #
Previously selector call outside of text context thrown an error:
const selector = Selector ( arg => /* selector code */ ); selector ( 'someArg' ); // <-- throws test ( 'Some test' , async t => { ... });
Now it's not a case if selector is not awaited. It's useful when you need to build a page model outside the test context:
const selector = Selector ( arg => /* selector code */ ); const selector2 = selector ( 'someArg' ). find ( 'span' ); // <-- doesn't throw any more test ( 'Some test' , async t => { ... });
However, once you'll try to obtain element property outside of test context it will throw:
const selector = Selector ( arg => /* selector code */ ); async getId () { return await selector ( 'someArg' ). id ; // throws } getId (); test ( 'Some test' , async t => { ... });
Index filter is not ignored anymore if selector returns single node #
Previously if selector returned single node index was ignored:
Selector ( '#someId' , { index : 2 } ); // index is ignored and selector returns element with id `someId`
however it's not a case now:
Selector ( '#someId' ). nth ( 2 ); // returns `null`, since there is only one element in matching set with id `someId`
t.select method - use Selector instead:
const id = await t . select ( '.someClass' ). id ; // can be replaced with const id = await Selector ( '.someClass' ). id ;
selectorOptions.index - use selector.nth() instead.
- use selector.nth() instead. selectorOptions.text - use selector.withText() instead.
- use selector.withText() instead. selectorOptions.dependencies - use filtering and hierarchical methods to build combined selectors instead.
TestCafe now ships with numerous built-in BDD-style assertions. If the TestCafe assertion receives a Selector's DOM node state property as an actual value, TestCafe uses the smart assertion query mechanism: if an assertion did not pass, the test does not fail immediately. The assertion retries to pass multiple times and each time it re-requests the actual shorthand value. The test fails if the assertion could not complete successfully within a timeout. This approach allows you to create stable tests that lack random errors and decrease the amount of time required to run all your tests due to the lack of extra waitings.
Example page markup:
<div id= "btn" ></div> <script> var btn = document . getElementById ( 'btn' ); btn . addEventListener ( function () { window . setTimeout ( function () { btn . innerText = 'Loading...' ; }, 100 ); }); </script>
Example test code:
test ( 'Button click' , async t => { const btn = Selector ( '#btn' ); await t . click ( btn ) // Regular assertion will fail immediately, but TestCafe retries to run DOM state // assertions many times until this assertion pass successfully within the timeout. // The default timeout is 3000 ms. . expect ( btn . textContent ). contains ( 'Loading...' ); });
⚙ It's now possible to start browser with arguments. (#905) #
If you need to pass arguments for the specified browser, write them right after browser alias. Surround the browser call and its arguments with quotation marks:
testcafe "chrome --start-fullscreen" ,firefox tests/test.js
See Starting browser with arguments.
HUMAN DIVERSITY - GO DEEPER
There is not one gene, trait, or characteristic that distinguishes all members of one race from all members of another. We can map any number of traits and none would match our idea of race. This is because modern humans haven't been around long enough to evolve into different subspecies and we've always moved, mated, and mixed our genes. Beneath the skin, we are one of the most genetically similar of all species.
Lots of animals are divided into subspecies. Why doesn't it make sense to group humans the same way? Subspecies are animal groups that are related, can interbreed, and yet have characteristics that make them distinct from one another. Two basic ingredients are critical to the development of separate subspecies: isolation and time. Unlike most animals, humans are a relatively young species and we are extremely mobile, so we simply haven't evolved into different subspecies. The earliest hominids evolved from apes about 5 million years ago, but modern humans (Homo sapien sapiens) didn't emerge until 150,000-200,000 years ago in eastern Africa, where we spent most of our evolution together as a species. Our species first left Africa only about 50,000-100,000 years ago and quickly spread across the entire world. All of us are descended from these recent African ancestors. Many other animal species have been around much longer or they have shorter life spans, so they've had many more opportunities to accumulate genetic variants. Penguins, for example, have twice as much genetic diversity as humans. Fruit flies have 10 times as much. Even our closest living relative, the chimpanzee, has been around at least several million years. There's more genetic diversity within a group of chimps on a single hillside in Gomba than in the entire human species. Domesticated animals such as dogs also have a lot of genetic diversity, but this is mostly due to selective breeding under controlled conditions. Humans, on the other hand, have always mixed freely and widely. As a result, we're all mongrels: Eighty-five percent of all human variation can be found in any local population, whether they be Kurds, Icelanders, Papua New Guineans, or Mongolians. Ninety-four percent can be found on any continent. Animals are also limited by habitat and geographical features such as rivers and canyons, so it is easy for groups to become isolated and genetically distinct from one another. Humans, on the other hand, are much more adaptable and have not been limited by geography in the same way. Early on, we could ford rivers, cross canyons, move great distances over a relatively short time, and modify our environment to fit our needs. We are also extremely mobile as a species. Even the remotest island tribe in the Pacific originally came from elsewhere and maintained some contact with neighboring groups. We may think global migration is a recent phenomenon, but it has characterized most of human history. Whether we're moving halfway around the world or from one village to another, the passage of genes takes place under many circumstances, large scale and small: migration, wars, trade, slave-taking, rape, and exogamous marriage (marriage with "outsiders"). It takes a long time to accumulate a lot of genetic variation, because new variants arise only through mutation - copying errors from one generation to the next. On the other hand, it takes just a very small amount of migration - one individual in each generation moving from one village to another and reproducing - to prevent groups from becoming genetically distinct or isolated. Humans just haven't evolved into distinct subgroups.
But I can see obvious differences between people - don't those translate into deeper differences, like propensity for certain diseases? The visual differences we are attuned to don't tell us anything about what's beneath the skin. This is because human variation is highly non-concordant. Most traits are influenced by different genes, so they're inherited independently, not grouped into the few packages we call races. In other words, the presence of one trait doesn't guarantee the presence of another. Can you tell a person's eye color from their height? What about their blood type from the size of their head? What about subtler things like a person's ability to play sports or their mathematical skills? It doesn't make sense to talk about group racial characteristics, whether external or internal. Genetic differences do exist between people, but it is more accurate to speak of ancestry, rather than race, as the root of inherited diseases or conditions. Not everyone who looks alike or lives in the same region shares a common ancestry, so using "race" as a shorthand for ancestry can be misleading. Sickle cell, for example, often thought of as a "racial" disease afflicting Africans, is actually a gene that confers resistance to malaria, so it occurs in areas such as central and western Africa, the Mediterranean, and Arabia, but not in southern Africa. In medicine, a simplistic view can lead to misdiagnoses, with fatal consequences. Racial "profiling" isn't appropriate on the New Jersey Turnpike or in the doctor's office. As evolutionary biologist Joseph Graves reminds us, medicine should treat individuals, not groups. On the other hand, the social reality of race can have biological effects. Native Americans have the highest rates of diabetes and African American men die of heart disease five times more often than white men. But is this a product of biology or social conditions? How do you measure this relationship or even determine who is Native American or African American on a genetic level? Access to medical care, health insurance, and safe living conditions can certainly affect medical outcomes. So can the stress of racism. But the reasons aren't innate or genetic. Believing in race as biology allows us to overlook the social factors that contribute to inequality. Understanding that race is socially constructed is the first step in addressing those factors and giving everyone a fair chance in life.
The Resources section of this Web site contains a wealth of information about issues related to race. There you'll find detailed information about books, organizations, film/videos, and other Web sites. For more about this topic, search under "human variation," "evolution," "genetics" and "biology." Explore the HUMAN DIVERSITY interactivities in the LEARN MORE section of this Web site. <BACK TO TOP
As Hurricane Irma approaches Florida this weekend, just over a week after Hurricane Harvey devastated southeast Texas and left at least 70 people dead, the climate change debate has taken on a new sense of urgency.
The bleak reality of what we face in the decades to come if we do not deal with the climate crisis today was sadly on display last week as historic floods engulfed the most populous city in Texas, displacing tens of thousands of people and causing up to $190 billion in damage. Now, with Irma generating some of the most powerful winds in recorded history, this reality will be on display once again in Florida.
Advertisement:
It is becoming impossible to ignore the real-life consequences of global warming as extreme weather events become ever more prevalent. After Harvey, a consensus seemed to form among experts that we cannot talk about these disasters without talking about climate change. On CNN.com, environmental activist Mark Lynas went one step further when they declared that we now have a “moral duty to talk about climate change” and to resist “the attempted conspiracy of silence imposed by powerful political and business interests opposed to any reduction in the use of fossil fuels.”
“We owe this to the people of Texas as much to those of Bangladesh and India, and Niger,” wrote the prominent environmentalist, noting that climate change exacerbates storms like Harvey and Irma.
Lynas obviously isn't wrong to link climate change to the extreme weather we've experienced around the world over the past two weeks. There is little doubt that our warming atmosphere contributed to the severity of Hurricane Harvey and Irma as well. Climate scientists have been warning of more extreme weather for two decades now. Lynas also isn't wrong to say that we have a moral duty to talk about climate change in light of Harvey as well as the devastating monsoons that ravaged South Asia, which killed more than a thousand people.
The fact that many American politicians — including the current president of the United States — still deny that human-caused climate change is a real phenomenon that threatens our future is a moral disgrace. By rejecting climate science and thwarting efforts to combat this growing crisis, Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans are ensuring many more historic storms like Harvey and Irma in the future. It is a moral duty, then, not only to discuss climate change after Harvey, but to shame Republicans who are currently accelerating humanity's extinction.
But it goes beyond simply discussing climate change. After Harvey and Irma we also have a moral duty to talk about the economic system that has brought us to this point. That is, we can no longer talk about climate change without talking about capitalism, which has laid waste to our planet and now impedes humanity's effort to deal with the climate crisis it engendered.
This was of course the thesis of Naomi Klein's 2014 book, “This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. the Climate,” in which the author and activist posed climate change as a “battle between capitalism and the planet.” Klein convincingly argues that without radical changes to our economic system, we will ultimately fail to confront climate change in the radical way that is necessary in order to preserve our planet for future generations. “We have not done the things that are necessary to lower emissions,” writes Klein, “because those things fundamentally conflict with deregulated capitalism, the reigning ideology for the entire period we have been struggling to find a way out of this crisis.”
Advertisement:
Simply put, capitalism is an economic system that prioritizes short-term profits over the long-term good of society (and the planet), and as a result encourages myopic self-interest that often has disastrous long-term consequences. This is evident in the behavior of multinational corporations that put profit over people. According to the logic of capitalism and the market, for example, it was entirely reasonable for ExxonMobil to mislead the public about climate change for decades, or for Koch Industries to skirt environmental and safety regulations to boost their profit rate. It was also reasonable for these companies to fund climate change denial groups and anti-science politicians, as their entire business model depends on the continued extraction and burning of fossil fuels.
In addition to promoting this kind of destructive behavior, capitalism is also a system that is based on endless growth, which has been sustained over the past few centuries by the depletion of our natural resources. It is becoming increasingly clear, however, that this addiction to endless growth is unsustainable on a planet with finite resources, and like all addictions it will eventually backfire spectacularly.
Last week the world saw how vulnerable modern society is to the forces of nature, and this weekend Mother Nature will display their power yet again. But Harvey and Irma are only previews of what humanity will face if we continue down the path of deregulated corporate capitalism. Civilization is built on human mastery over nature, but, like death, nature can never be fully conquered. “The animal merely uses external nature … man by their changes makes it serve their ends, masters it,” wrote Friedrich Engels in their unfinished book “Dialectics of Nature.” “Let us not, however, flatter ourselves overmuch on account of our human victories over nature. For each such victory nature takes its revenge on us.”
Capitalism has brought unprecedented material progress to humanity over the past 300 years, and for that it should be celebrated. Even Karl Marx once wrote of the “great civilizing influence of capital.” But they also recognized the economic system's inherent destructive tendencies, and they would no doubt recognize today that corporate capitalism does not offer a sustainable future on Planet Earth.
Advertisement:
If we fail to make radical changes to our economic system, the chances of successfully confronting climate change decline precipitously. And if we fail to confront climate change now, nature will surely take its revenge on all of us in the future.
Around 1,000 cartons of India Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) was seized on Saturday, by Excise department officials and six persons were arrested in this connection from a container truck in of district.
Acting on a tip-off, the excise department officials raided a godown in where it seized a container truck carrying more than 1000 cartons of foreign liquor and arrested six persons, Assistant Excise Commissioner Krishna Kumar told PTI.
Kumar said, "We have so far off-loaded 1,000 cartons worth Rs 1.5 crore from the container. The cartons are still being off-loaded."
The container truck laden with cartons were being off- loaded in a godown belonging to one Anil Kumar Gupta, a resident of district, in Fatuha industrial area, they said, adding that the container truck bearing Haryana registration number has also been seized.
The cartons- containing foreign liquor made in Haryana- were supposed to be sold in different parts of the state including in the vicinity of the state capital, excise department officials said adding that this is one of the biggest seizures since the new Prohibition and Excise Act 2016 was enforced on October 2.
The government had on Gandhi Jayanti notified the Prohibition and Excise Act 2016 banning the manufacture, trade, storage, transportation,possession, sale and consumption of liquor and foreign liquor through stringent provisions incorporated under the law.
As per the new liquor law, those found indulging in unlawful import, export, transport, manufacture, possession, sale, intoxicant or liquor could attract a minimum 10 years of jail term which may extend to imprisonment for life besides, a minimum fine of Rs 1 lakh which may extend to Rs 10 lakh.
Image copyright Somali Faces Image caption The fund-raising target has almost been reached
The gang rape of a 16-year-old girl has caused outrage in Somalia after pictures and a video of the incident began circulating on social media.
Campaigners have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money to help the girl and their family who have had to flee their home "for fear of being ostracised".
They remain in hospital a month after the rape by six teenage boys took place in Galdogob, near the Ethiopian border.
The area commissioner told the BBC the rapists would be brought to justice.
District Commissioner Ayanle Farah Mohamed said the girl was being treated by doctors in Puntland province and the authorities were "very much saddened by the incident".
Activists on social media are pushing for the rapists to be properly punished.
Some have spoken out against the Somali traditional practice of "heer", which often deals with rape cases. Under the tradition, clan elders can intervene to organise for compensation to be paid, which means perpetrators can escape jail.
The heer system "shouldn't be an option for serious offences like rape", one woman tweeted.
Survivors of rape and their families are sometimes shunned by their community and the victim is often considered unmarriageable.
Somali Faces, an online platform set up to share stories of Somali people from around the world, is behind the GoFundMe page published on Monday.
It said "social media has been ablaze with fury after horrifying pictures" emerged of the brutal rape.
The group said that it although it was not a charity it had decided to raise funds after receiving "numerous messages from around the world asking whether Somali Faces can help the victim and them family".
It has already raised £4,475 ($5,516) of a £5,000 goal.
Juan Mata believes David Moyes failed at Manchester United because they were unlucky, but feels their work ethic will equip them to do well in their new job at Real Sociedad.
Moyes' return to management with the La Liga club was announced this week, six months after they were sacked by United with the then-defending Premier League champions seventh in the table.
Mata became United's record signing when the Scot paid 37.1 million pounds to buy them from Chelsea in January, and admits they were surprised when the former Everton boss left the club three months later.
"He is a coach who had no luck here at Old Trafford. They didn't get the results we wanted and left sooner than I expected," the Spain international told Cope.
David Moyes was sacked after a disappointing tenure as Manchester United manager.
"Obviously, replacing Sir Alex Ferguson was never going to be easy -- not for them or for anyone. But although I was with them for only a few months, I'll always be grateful as they played a key role in my move to United. They were the one who called me, who welcomed me, and the one who gave me the confidence to come here."
Moyes managed Everton before taking charge of United, securing nine top-eight finishes in their 11 years at Goodison Park, and now inherits a Sociedad side who are 15th in La Liga.
"I wish them all the best. My experience with them was very good, and they did well at Everton. They work hard and prepares really well for games," Mata added.
"I have some great friends at Real, such as Esteban Granero, and I also want the best for him. I hope they do well, as Real Sociedad is a club with loads of history and a fantastic stadium. They also have a great team,with some especially good strikers, so I think they can settle in and be a success."
Arsenal midfielder Mikel Arteta, who also played under Moyes at Everton and spent a year at Sociedad, told Marca: "I am aware that Moyes has reflected after what happened to them in Manchester, and they will know what they have to change.
"A manager that succeeded 10 years at Everton, but whose 10-month stay at United didn't go to plan, does not forget how to coach.
"He is going to find a club that in many aspects resembles Everton. It's like a family, and with a group of players that are currently in a lower position that they deserve to be in.
"David likes to maintain a very united group and they give a lot of importance to it. They also take a personal interest in their players as well."
United's Michael Carrick has also backed Moyes to succeed, saying they were glad to see the Scot making a return to management.
"I hope it goes great for them over there," the England midfielder said. "It's a new challenge for him.
"He has been successful over such a long period of time that, fair enough, they will be frustrated with how things went last year -- as we all were -- but I am sure they will bounce back. Hopefully they can do well."
China's Tianzhou-1 space freighter has successfully docked with the Tiangong-2, the country's orbital lab. The automatic procedure was the first in the nation's fast-paced space exploration program.
The Tianzhou-1, China's first robotic cargo spacecraft, was launched on Thursday evening from the Wenchang Space Launch Center in south China's Hainan Province, Xinhua news agency reported.
The docking procedure was completed at 12:23pm on Saturday (04:23 GMT), the report cited the Beijing Aerospace Control Center as saying.
Read more
Two more docking procedures will be conducted as part of Tianzhou-1's mission, including one meant to test a new fast-docking technology.
The ship has brought some six tons of cargo into space, including fuel for resupplying the space station and material for stem cell experiments.
Unmanned freighters are crucial to maintaining a permanently manned orbital station, which China plans to accomplish in 2022. The Tiangong-2 served as home to two Chinese explores during a month-long mission in October of last year, but is currently uninhabited.
China chose to develop an independent space program rather than take part in international cooperation on the International Space Station, which is dominated by the US and Russia, the world's two leading space-faring nations. It is rapidly closing the technological gap, however.
Dungeons and Dragons is a cornerstone of nerd-dom. In the tabletop game, participants role-play as elves, dwarves, wizards and more, slaying dragons, exploring foreign lands and fighting creatures who have less than noble intentions under the careful eye of a dungeon master.
“Tabletop role-playing games are escapism,”
Improvised Dungeons and Dragons
cast member Travis Sharp tells CL. “They're a good way for friends to sit down and make up stories.”
In
Improvised Dungeons and Dragons
, Dad's Garage Theatre Company capitalizes on the storytelling skills at the heart of both D&D and improv comedy. The 90-minute improv show marries the format of D&D with the visual spectacle of theater. An improviser in a dark tunic thrusts a sword into an elf carrying a bow while a wizard confronts a mysterious, hooded figure. Performers play one consistent character complete with strength, dexterity, constitution, intelligence, wisdom and charisma stats determined before the performance. A dungeon master uses audience suggestions to lay the groundwork for the evening's exploits and guide the show.
“We get an audience of people who know the game so well that they get subtle references,” Sharp says.
The dungeon master uses character stats and a general feel for the narrative to dictate what happens next instead of the tabletop game's traditional dice roll. Improvisers are literally risking their lives — or, err, their character's lives — with each move. If a character dies during the improvised adventure, they remain dead and won't appear in future performances. Art imitates life.
While an appreciation for the geeky game is a plus, D&D knowledge isn't required in order to understand or enjoy the show. At its core,
Improvised Dungeons and Dragons
— much like regular Dungeons and Dragons — is just funny people telling compelling stories in cool costumes.
If the Trump administration isn't going to try to sell Obamacare to consumers this year, these Obama administration veterans are ready to step in.
Two former officials who worked on the sign-up campaigns for the Affordable Care Act's health insurance exchanges when Barack Obama was president launched an initiative Wednesday called Get America Covered. In essence, it seeks to stand in for a federal government that, under President Donald Trump, is dramatically scaling back efforts to get the word out that enrollment season is about to begin.
“There needs to be an effort to basically try to fill in as many of the gaps as we can from what the administration is not doing,” said Lori Lodes, co-founder of Get America Covered. “We have a clear sense of what they're not going to be doing, and it's a lot.”
Open enrollment begins Nov. 1 and ends Dec. 15. Residents of 39 states access the exchanges via HealthCare.gov, while those living in 11 states and the District of Columbia use state-run exchanges, such as Covered California and Your Health Idaho.
As director of communications at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid services under Obama, Lodes oversaw the public information and communications campaigns during previous open enrollment periods. That included supervising the telephone helpline for consumers, implementing shopping tools on HealthCare.gov, buying advertising promoting enrollment and direct outreach to consumers through text and telephone. Them co-founder, Joshua Peck, was chief marketing officer for HealthCare.gov and was responsible for online engagement campaigns and other consumer outreach activities, Lodes said.
For all intents and purposes, Lodes, Peck and other former Obama administration officials will be resuming their duties, just from the outside, Lodes said. That will include tasks like creating and disseminating information about how to enroll and what the benefits are, as well as forging partnerships with businesses, state officials and local media that will help spread the word.
The national co-chairs of Get America Covered are former Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Administrator Andy Slavitt, activist Van Jones, former insurance executive Mario Molina, and actors Alyssa Milano and Bradley Whitford, according to a press release.
“We can't make up for what the administration refuses to do, but working with people like Alyssa, Andy, Mario and Bradley ― along with dedicated local organizations, mayors and other state elected officials, businesses, hospitals, doctors and nurses and anyone else who wants to help ― we will make sure people get the facts,” Peck said in the press release.
The GOP's failed effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act ― and the counter effort to stop them ― this year helped inspire Lodes and Peck to start their new group, in part as a way to channel their energies in a positive direction, Lodes said.
“For 10 months, we've had a very long and hard debate about whether we were going to take away people's health care, and this is sort of the antidote for that,” Lodes said. “It's a passion project. I believe so much that the marketplace can work, and part of that means getting new people to sign up and making sure that people have access to the information so that they can decide that getting health coverage through HealthCare.gov is right for them”
This unusual enterprise may prove badly needed for the millions of people who use the health insurance exchanges to buy coverage and apply for financial assistance, and the millions more who could be.
That's because the Trump administration has taken a number of steps that likely will weaken the open enrollment period and make it more difficult for consumers to get the information they need and to find help signing up.
Alissa Scheller/HuffPost
The Department of Health and Human Services has slashed the advertising budget for this year's sign-up campaign by 90 percent, despite evidence that television advertising is the most effective way to encourage people to seek out more information and eventually enroll. The Trump administration also cut funding for enrollment assistance groups by 40 percent, with some groups getting hit much harder, which will leave many consumers without help navigating the complex process of choosing a health insurance policy.
The Department of Health and Human Services has also barred regional federal officials from participating in local sign-up efforts. Additionally, the administration halved the length of the open enrollment period, which will be just six weeks this year, and will take HealthCare.gov offline for as much as 12 hours every Sunday during that month-and-a-half.
Under Trump, the Department of Health and Human Services has gone so far as to spend money intended for public education about health insurance enrollment on materials criticizing the Affordable Care Act as part of the administration's push to repeal the law. And shortly after Trump took office, their administration halted advertising planned for the 2017 sign-up period, likely contributing to lower enrollment this year compared with 2016.
Trump has also threatened to withhold money the government owes health insurance companies who serve the poorest exchange customers, which has led them to raise rates even more than they otherwise would have.
No private organization can do everything the Department of Health and Human Services did during the prior open enrollment periods, Lodes conceded. Get America Covered doesn't have the financial resources, reach or authority of the government, and it doesn't have access to the 20-million-strong contact list of consumers who've used HealthCare.gov in the past, they said.
But Lodes does think Get America Covered can do better than the Trump administration. “They have set the bar so low,” they said.
“Our focus is really going to be on the facts that people need to know to get signed up,” Lodes said. The organization has what they described as a “six-figure” budget raised from foundations and private organizations they wouldn't disclose, and is still raising funds. The group will also solicit online donations from the public.
In 2014, Last year, Bleeding Cool ran an article (and a follow-up) detailing charges made by an anonymous website FansAgainstFraud.com against Connor Cochran and their company Conlan Press regarding the promised work of the fantasy author Peter S Beagle, whom they represent, alleging fraud, theft, mistreating customers and employees and, ultimately, Peter S Beagle himself.
Cochran rejected these charges wholeheartedly and launched a suit against the person they believed responsible for the site, Patrick Lake, stating that Patrick had forged Connor's signature on a bookselling contract between the two of them regarding Peter S Beagle's work. Patrick countersued Cochran for defamation over breach of the contract.
It was quite the thing. But last week it took another twist.
Peter S Beagle's lawyer Kathleen Hunt contacted Bleeding Cool to tell us that Beagle has now sued Connor Cochran, alleging fraud and elder abuse. The allegations include that Cochran tricked Beagle into handing over rights to their work, has been overworked, has been defamed over their mental competence, and has withheld income keeping them in poverty. Specifically, the creation of a sham corporation to take a controlling share of Beagle's intellectual rights away from him, which was then mismanaged, exposing Beagle to tax legislation they were unaware of. Arranging a punishing touring schedule without breaks, without hotel rooms after appearances, forcing Beagle to rely on the hospitality of fans. And emailing friends, fans and family, these messages which is alleged to have stymied multi-media deals over Beagle's work due to their perceived mental conditions and harmed their relationship with family members. That Cochran was claiming that they were the real author of much work that Beagle was unable to complete. And once they were aware that Beagle was looking into legal action against him, cancelled a promotional world tour for The Last Unicorn animation. In total they are naming damages worth at least $52 million with more to be ascertained at trial.
This was made public at the same time that Conlan Press was running a fundraiser to benefit Peter Beagle's bookstore Rickert & Beagle Books in Pittsburgh. It seemed quite the dichotomy. Hunt posted details of the suit to that Facebook thread, though they were deleted and they were banned from the site.
In response to the suit, Connor Cochran and members of Beagle's family have issued the following statement.
Earlier this year, we became aware that author Peter S. Beagle's medical condition and personal circumstances were deteriorating. They had forgotten many key facts and people, and was filling in the blanks with things that never happened. Their condition made them exceptionally vulnerable to undue influence by individuals who did not have Peter's interests at heart, but instead sought an immediate windfall for themselves. Unfortunately, these people have induced Peter to file a frivolous, self-contradictory lawsuit based upon false understandings and credulousness. The lawsuit sabotages everything that Avicenna, Conlan Press, Connor Cochran, and many others have labored to build for Peter for the past decade and a half. Making things worse, the lawyer who filed the lawsuit has chosen to broadcast its frivolous claims through social media and the press, rather than trust that their case will succeed in court. Peter's children Victoria, Dan, and Kalisa have been concerned with their father's situation for some time, and because of this lawsuit are now taking action. They intend to take control of Peter's legal and medical affairs, put these false accusations to rest, and get their father the support and help they need. They believe in, and will continue to partner with, Avicenna and Conlan Press to benefit Peter and their legacy. If Peter can no longer recognize or act in their own interests, their children will step up to do that for him. We ask that everyone respect the family's privacy. There will undoubtedly be inflammatory postings, stories, and rumors concerning this situation…that's the internet. Please keep in mind that this frivolous lawsuit does not reflect reality and that it will be resolved in a court of law where the truth will out. Until then, anything you see in social media and in other public statements about this matter is not reliable, as it will be coming from people who are either uninformed or seeking to exploit the situation for their own benefit. Victoria Knox
Kalisa Beagle
Dan Beagle
Connor Cochran (President of Avicenna Development Corporation and Conlan Press, Inc.)
Cohran is launching a counter claim, much of which will be directed at the procedures taken by Peter's lawyer, Kathleen Hunt. Hunt contacted Bleeding Cool for a second time now stating that they didn't want publicity for the suit any more, fearing that it might affect negotiation for the Last Unicorn movie, but it wit everyone makes public declarations, it seemed a little late for that…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Scammy Company Trying To Get Writers For Major Sites To Engage In Pay-To-Link Arrangements
from the shameful dept
Okay, everyone, sit back, relax, and strap it down, because this is going to take some time, but it's time well-spent. I don't know if I can call myself a blogging veteran or not at this point, but perhaps the fact that there are apparently people and companies out there that pay blog and website writers to include links to client websites within their posts comes as a bit of a shock to me. First, I'm curious as to just how useful such an arrangement could be. Second, and more important, who the hell would want to risk their credibility as a writer for a couple of bucks and some links?
Yet, according to this report by Gawker, that appears to be exactly what's happening, and it appears to be happening at some serious players in the web journalism space.
These firms are hired by clients to enhance their Google results and overall SEO. The firms then offer to, essentially, bribe writers at various websites to place links to their clients in editorial content, because Google looks kindly on such links when calculating search rankings. The writers get paid; the links go in quietly; the cash is slipped into Paypal accounts; the news organizations are never informed. It's stealth marketing, and it's designed to deceive both the employer and the reader. It's an unethical scam.
Hi Hamilton,
thank you very much for a quick response. The arrangement would be that we give you a keyword and URL and then you write an article that is relevant to that keyword and embed the link inside the article with the keyword we give you. Like I said, we are not looking for promotional posts, but for high quality informative posts that have a link back to our specified site. You can also link out to sites like Wikipedia and similar to make the article the best it can be. Would that be of interest to you and if so how much would you charge per such an article?
Kind regards, Rock.
We are looking to establish relationships with authors directly. Sure, run it by your boss, but they will most probably said you can't do it because the company will want a piece of the pie. That is why we are looking for direct relationships to authors. : In any case, let us know if you decide to want to work with us. We would be happy to have you in our team and you would probably also happy with earnings some more money each month by doing what you are doing.
Regards, Rock.
Yes, we are doing this on HuffingtonPost, ChicagoTribune, UTSanDiego and other such big news sites so the Gawker wouldn't be any different... The compensation would be $50-$80 per post that you write. How does that sound? Here are 2 HuffingtonPost.com posts that were made for us. The first one is: [Link], here the keyword of our client is freelance writer (which links to our clients site) and the second one is this one: [Link] here the keyword that is linked to our client's site is UppSite.
Now, this all started when Gawker's Hamilton Nolan received a letter from one of these shady firms, inquiring as to whether he'd be interested in such an arrangement. From there, Nolan essentially strung the emailer along to milk as much information as possible from him, and then posted the exchange on the Gawker site. The company, Backlinks.us, claims to charge hundreds of dollars for this type of "work", which also includes spamming blogs with comments, manufacturing social media bookmarks, and utilizing buffer sites for forum backlinks.Now, as Nolan kept at it, they were able to get some information out of the Backlinks rep. It's all couched in language designed to keep from appearing too shady, but it's fairly transparent how dirty this whole thing is.Lest you think this is some kind of line-walking on an ethical ledge, it isn't. As soon as a writer takes payment to specifically include links surreptitiously, with no mention of the post or links being sponsored, you've sold yourself to the devil. It's over, your credibility is gone, and you're off the list as a trusted source of information (and probably violating FTC regulations). More to the point, a willingness by a writer to engage in this kind of thing is even more damning as an indication of whatyou could get them or them to do for a bit of coin. It's why most website operators (and I've confirmed this would be the case with Techdirt as well) would immediately shit-can any writer who did this kind of thing. Something Rock from Backlinks is well-aware of:No, they or they would say you can't do it because it's less ethical than punching a nun in the crotch, and that's pretty effing unethical.Now, look, there are all kinds of shady bastards out in the world and there's probably plenty of people looking to bilk small-time folks on the internet for their ethics in exchange for some pocket money. But, hey, it's not like any writers for sites of any stature would do this kind of thing, right?While both are HuffPo links as examples, if there's any credence to the Chicago Tribune and UT San Diego being involved with this, amongst others, that's a serious problem. Not because including links for pay in and of itself is a horrible scandal, though it is pretty bad, but because it indicates a willingness to break from ethics for money when it comes to the content of stories. That's aproblem. I won't go to the Chicago Tribune, my home newspaper, without thinking of this story each and every time.Now, it should be noted that the Gawker post was later updated with a response from Rock of Backlinks, who hurriedly said that all their previous emails were lies, that their examples of clients weren't actually clients at all, and that they were just trying to make the company look impressive. Thatbe true, but it might not be. The very admission is proof that Rock is a liar, either in their early statements or those that came later, and you'd expect them to disavow their client-writers to protect their reputations even if theyin on the program. In other words, their denial doesn't really solve any of the mystery or worry here. This isn't to say you can't trustyou read on the web, of course. You just have to use your head, gather multiple sources, and analyze actual facts for yourself. Or, if you're lazy, just read everything I write and take it as gospel. Because it is.
Filed Under: links, pay to link, seo
Companies: backlinks.us
I was not sure really what to expect, this was my first Secret Santa (and certainly will not be my last), but I was a little nervous of what sort of item I was going to receive. When I got home from work, sitting in my dinning room was the biggest box I have ever gotten address to me. Then I spotted the "FRAGILE," so naturally I thought the item must be Italian... but in truth it was not. So I eagerly cut-open the box and find myself between a mountain of bubble wrap and my glorious gift. I tried to open the bubble wrap gently, but after 30 seconds I just got some scissors and cut the damn thing apart.
Then I started to see the wood and a piece of green paper surrounding it, so I thought oh cool, maybe it is a mini pool table or something... boy was I wrong! I tore the green paper away and sat there for a moment mesmerized. I felt like an eight-year old walking into an empty Toys R' Us, with a 5,000 dollar gift-card in hand. The first visual was just incredible.
This World War II showcase, of a navy pilot's plane, jacket, goggles, photos, gloves, and flag, is a work of art. It is meticulously put together and as I am writing this I keep peering over at it in amazement. I love World War II and all the things that come with it, so this just knocked my socks off.
Maybe the coolest thing is, is that I had the opportunity a few years back to interview a nose-gunner who completed 25 missions during World War II. They passed away a few years ago, and while I still have the interview on tape, every time I look at this assembly I will think of him, their bravery, and just how incredible it must have been to be a part of World War II. So this piece is also a reminder and takes me back to a fond memory I have.
So if you could not get the idea, I am completely astonished by this gift and 100% in love with it. I have a special place in my house where it will reside.
But that was not all! After sending out my gift to my match, I returned home to find a second package. As I opened the door it hit me on my feet. After I opened this calendar sized package I found a retro/vintage metallic sign, of a Indian Chief PowerPlus motorbike/cycle. Awesome! I love motorcycles and I had never even mentioned it to my Secret Santa. Also, when I was opening it, my father happened to be peaking over, their eyes lit up, the minute they saw it, they said "I've seen that in person! It was so cool!" So it was great to share a moment like that with him.
I cannot thank you enough for making me feel like I was 10 again. For getting something that hit on so many of my interests and for getting something that even though you had no idea, holds a lot of sentimental value.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! Again, I am just thrilled!
Police announced Friday they caught a federal officer wanted in connection with three shootings in Maryland that killed a total of three people, including their estranged wife, ending a hunt that left many people in the suburbs of Washington, DC on edge.
Officers arrested 62-year-old Eulalio Tordil, who was wanted on a first-degree murder charge, after they spotted them in their car in an Aspen Hill parking lot. Investigators said Tordil, an officer working for the Federal Protective Service, shot and killed their wife, a chemistry teacher, outside their children's school in Beltsville Thursday.
Then on Friday morning, two more shootings unfolded -- one at a mall parking lot in Bethesda, and one outside a supermarket in Aspen Hill roughly 30 minutes later. Police said they had "reason to believe" Tordil was the gunman in those shootings as well. They also warned he'd threatened to "commit suicide by cop."
Tordil ate lunch "calmly" at a Boston Market in Aspen Hill for about an hour after the Friday shootings, a witness told WJLA. Police said they had them under surveillance and caught them in their car after they left a Dunkin' Donuts not far from the supermarket shooting scene. TV news cameras showed them walking out of the car with their hands up.
Initially, one person was shot outside Westfield Montgomery Mall after some kind of confrontation, Montgomery County Assistant Police Chief Darryl McSwain said. They added that two others were shot after they rushed to the first person's aid. Paramedics rushed the three people shot -- two men and one woman -- to nearby Surburban Hospital, which briefly went on lockdown.
One of the men died in the hospital. The other man was in critical condition, and police said they expected the woman who was shot to survive.
Tow truck loading suspects car right now pic.twitter.com/RLQAJ6LDmn — Matt Ackland (@mattacklandfox5) May 6, 2016
The shooting near the Giant Food supermarket in Aspen Hill left one woman dead. Investigators said it was unclear whether the suspect knew any of the people shot on Friday. "It's tragic we were not able to intervene before other individuals were harmed," Prince George's County Police Chief Hank Stawinski told reporters.
Police said Eulalio Tordil followed their wife, 44-year-old Gladys Tordil, to High Point High School and shot them Thursday, also wounding a man who tried to intervene. Officials said the bystander had injuries that were not life-threatening.
Gladys Tordil had filed a protective order against their husband in March, claiming they abused one of their children and forced others to endure "intense-military-like discipline" including detention in a dark closet, The Washington Post reported. The wife also reportedly accused their husband of slapping them so hard that their glasses broke on their face, saying they kept as many as five guns at home.
The Federal Protective Service said it put the officer on administrative duties after a civil court issued that protective order. Their duty weapon, badge, and credentials were taken. They were subsequently placed on administrative leave.
The Federal Protective Service provides security at federal properties.
A witness at the mall, Jose Mauricio Gomez, told the Post they heard six to eight shots. They said an officer rushed to the woman who was wounded. “That's when blood shot out of the hole in their shoulder and they sat them back down.”
Police closed off large parts of the mall's parking lot, with clothing and other debris strewn on the ground outside the Macy's there.
All Montgomery County schools and recreation centers went on lockdown for part of the day, Fox 5 reported. However, some parts of the mall remained open.
The grocery store in Aspen Hill is a few hundred feet from a Michaels craft store that was first target by D.C. sniper John Allen Muhammad in 2002. Muhammad's shot into the store did not hit anyone, but they killed a man about a mile away less than an hour later, kicking off a three-week killing spree that left 10 dead.
Fox News' Jake Gibson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Fox 5.
Anand Sethi uncovers the truth about a cycle regiment once stationed in the Shimla Hills
The steep climb up to the Dagshai garrison from National Highway 22 ends at Principal Chowk, in front of the main gate leading to the Army Public School. Going on towards the commanding officer's house on the southern side of Dagshai hill, one sights the old garrison Anglican Church, still operational, but in a state of considerable disrepair.
The hillside below the church is rocky but has a thick covering of green bush and wild grass. However, a quick scan of the rock face reveals at first glance some kind of icon, approximately 2×2 feet, with a fresh coat of paint on its periphery. Some four years ago, it was covered by moss and growth, yet to an observant eye it is clear that below lies something which, some years ago, had a human intervention.
A careful scraping away of the growth from the rock face using my trusted Swiss Army knife uncovers an extraordinary engraving depicting an old military insignia that had somehow been long forgotten. On closer inspection, it turns out to be the insignia of the 1/9th Cyclist Battalion of the Hampshire Regiment. Earlier records available about British Army units stationed in Dagshai had no mention about this regiment; however, further research confirmed that this little-known infantry formation was indeed based in Dagshai in 1917.
There was also the more “colourful” 25th (County of London) Cyclist Battalion, The London Regiment, stationed in Dagshai in 1918, with a detachment in Jutogh, near Shimla.
The history of bicycle infantry worldwide, though little known, is quite fascinating. In the mid-1890s, with somewhat more reliable bicycles now riding on pneumatic tyres, several armies experimented with their use to replace horses in military duties, especially as messengers and scouts; in effect, taking over the functions of dragoons (mounted infantry).
The first known use of cycle formations in battle action was by the Dutch Boers during the Second Boer War in South Africa. The US Army used them quite extensively, as did the Germans in World War I and the Japanese in World War II,including during the capture of Malaya and Singapore. The Finnish Army used cyclist soldiers most effectively in their crack Jaeger brigades against the mighty Soviet Army. There are also reports of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) using cyclist troops during the civil war in Sri Lanka.
In Britain, the development of the cycle corps is generally credited to Lt Col AR Savile, a senior instructor at Sandhurst. Voluntary cyclists were intermittently used during war as early as the 1880s, but the first bicycle unit, the 26th Middlesex Volunteer Rifle Corps, was set up in 1888. After the 1908 reforms, the 26th Middlesex, along with nine cyclist battalions, made up the Army Cycling Corps. By 1915, during WWI, the first of these units were shipped out to France, Flanders and the Gallipoli peninsula.
When and why some of these cyclist formations were sent to India is not quite clearfrom official historical records. However, the 25th London Regiment's website indicates that the bicycle-borne troops were not found to be terribly effective in the trench warfare in Europe during WWI. Yet it was deemed fit for Indian troops in Flanders to use the bicycles left behind, while the British troops were repositioned to places like Dagshai as conventional infantry.
The 1/9th Hampshires, commanded by Col RA Johnson, were the first to arrive in Dagshai in 1917. Orders for them to proceed for action in Waziristan were rescinded, and they found themselves in the pleasant hill cantonment of Dagshai, with precious little to do except play cycle polo and 6-a-side football, and organise concerts and fancy dress parties.
The 25th London, which replaced the 1/9th Hampshires in Dagshai early in 1918, went a step further. They formed The Dagshai Entertainers, an entertainment group with its own tenor, bass, comedian, pianist, female impersonator, stage and business managers, not to forget a certain Percy C Chisnall, variously described as an elocutionist, drummer and bandsman. Percy, in addition to their histrionic talents, was a keen-eyed photographer. The Dagshai Jail Museum has been fortunate to receive a set of some valuable photographs taken by Chisnall.
Unfortunately, a contingent of the 25th Londons was sent to Amritsar in 1919, during the days leading up to the tragic Jallianwala Bagh incident. Though the regiment was not involved in the actual shooting, its Sergeant Anderson did witness the massacre as they were General Dyer's personal bodyguard. There is photographic evidence available that the 25th Londons did take part in enforcing the “crawling order”, making Indians crawl on the path where Miss Sherwood had been allegedly attacked.
So, what exactly were the cycling regiments doing in a peaceful Indian hill station cantonment during World War I, that too, without their bicycles? After all, the British Indian Army had provided 1.2 million men—all volunteers, fighting, and dying, for the British at a ridiculous salary of 11 rupees a month! Some 75,000 Indians laid down their lives and around 65,000 were injured in the battlefields of the Somme, Ypres and elsewhere, while some of the tommies were living in comfort in the cool hill stations of India.
The answer is evident in some telling photographs recently released in the UK by official sources as the world prepares for the centenary of World War I: the powers that be in Whitehall wanted to minimise British casualties. The cyclist battalions were packed off to India minus the bikes; it is the Sikh and Gurkha troops of the Indian Army who used these cycles. The desire to minimise British casualties apart, it was deemed essential that well-trained, professional British soldiers were available in various parts of India, just in case political unrest broke out.
The 47th Sikhs (Meerut Division) was one of the first in action at Ypres in October 1914. Of the total 765 men, only 380 were fit enough to stand by November that year. The photograph from the Imperial War Museum, London, of a Sikh havaldar (sergeant) leading a contingent of Indian bicycle troops into battle at Somme, while the British troops watched on from their horses, says it all. Clearly, the Indian troops, accustomed to colonial warfare, were not ready for trench-based fighting, described by many as hellish. As one gallant but anonymous Sikh soldier is said to have quipped at Ypres, “It is not war; it is the end of the world!”
Interestingly, among those fighting side by side with the Indian troops at the battles near Ypres and Somme were the Irish soldiers of the first battalion of the Connaught Rangers (the “Devil's Own”), as part of the Lahore Division. In 1920, this battalion was posted back to India. These Irish troopers staged the Dagshai mutiny against their English officers, precipitating a chain of events that led to the independence of Ireland and inspired India's struggle for independence.
Anand Sethi has an abiding interest in military history. Co-author of Doing Business in India, they are currently working on The Business of Electronics. Anand lives in Dagshai, Himachal Pradesh, and is curator of the Dagshai Jail Museum.
The dynamics of a series A round have changed in recent years. As seed rounds have become much more common, it's been said that the “seed is the new series A”. This is sort of true – it used to be that Series A's would often happen pre-product, and certainly before product-market fit. With capital efficiency, companies in certain sectors have been able to do more with less and show some market traction even after a pretty modest seed round.
The end result though is that the dynamics around series A rounds has started to seem pretty murky for entrepreneurs. But for investors who see a lot of these deals, it's not as unpredictable as it seems. Below are some broad guidelines on the major topics around series A's that I hear entrepreneurs thinking about.
VC Ownership: Institutional VC's that lead series A rounds still target ownership in the 20%+ range. Historically, VC's wanted a bit more, 25% or so, but 20% is a threshold that has been around for a long time. This hasn't really changed. As a result, questions around valuation are less about “what is the value of this company” and more “how much capital is a VC willing to part with to buy 20%?” This is why larger funds are on average are able to be a bit more aggressive on price than smaller funds because they can stretch to invest a bit more to get the ownership they are looking for in a competitive situation.
This leads to some interesting sub-dynamics, especially when a larger VC is in your seed round. In theory, if that VC is really excited about the opportunity, they should be willing to pay a higher price for the series A than anyone else because they are already partial owners of the company. It's a lot easier to get an investor from 7% ownership to 20% vs. getting a new investor from 0% to 20%. In practice however, this doesn't happen as often as you think, because large VCs that bore the seed risk will often feel like they ought to get higher than 20% ownership because they put in the hard work early in the company's life.
I find that it's also pretty typical for an existing VC investor to be willing to syndicate the deal with another outside investor. This enables the large VC to have another deep pocket around the table post Series A to be able to add capital into the company with less friction in both a good and bad scenario. In that case however, the founders might end up taking a lot of dilution. The existing investor will need to buy up to get to 20%+, and the new investor will want to buy 20%. This potentially makes it all worthwhile if the round is pretty large, and this is how some series A rounds end up being $10 – $20M of new capital, rather than the more standard range of mid single-digits.
Speed and Timing: Insitutional seed rounds typically provide companies with enough cash to take a company around 14-18 months. This assumes some increase in burn over time, but the capital could also be stretched to go longer. As an entrepreneur, one could always make the argument that it's best to keep operating longer and show more progress before raising to get the best valuation possible. In practice however, many companies that have the most successful series A fundraises raise their rounds much sooner, often <12 months from the seed. This happens for three reasons.
First, time is of the essence. Waiting 6 months longer to raise may improve valuation in the short term. But having the capital in the bank to make the most of an attractive opportunity sooner usually is the better move overall and will enhance valuation in the long term. Second, when things are working, founders will usually lean into the opportunity with the capital they have, which will reduce runway but make their growth curve steeper. Third, it's more advantageous to raise capital when you don't need it, and having a nice buffer gives you more boldness to negotiate a better deal.
This certainly is not to say that companies that take longer than 12 months or raise their A AGE not successful. In fact, there are a quite few examples of companies that needed to raise extensions of their seed to get to a place where a successful series A could happen. But for companies that have something that is working, I find that being more aggressive and raising sooner tends to be better at the series A stage.
Who To Choose?: Series A investors are almost always going to want a board seat, and it's very hard to get rid of a board member that you don't like. Therefore, who invests is much more important than valuation. 10/10 times, I will recommend that a founder go for the series A investor that they have good rapport with, trust, have aligned vision with, and they believe will most impact the long term performance of the company. Investors that will pay a higher price but have misaligned styles and goals just aren't worth it.
Valuation: Taking my own advice, I propose thinking about valuation in terms of round sizes. There are broadly three buckets of series A's, and therefore, three valuation buckets.
Solid Series A: New VC investor invests $3 – $4M and owns 20-25%. This suggests a post-money valuation range of $12M – $20M. Remember, usually the round is bigger than just the capital that the new investor puts in because of pro-rata rights or other smaller angels that may want to participate. That's why I'm focused on post-money here and solving for the ownership ranges of the new VC.
valuation range of $12M – $20M. Remember, usually the round is bigger than just the capital that the new investor puts in because of pro-rata rights or other smaller angels that may want to participate. That's why I'm focused on post-money here and solving for the ownership ranges of the new VC. Great Series A: New VC investor invests $5 – $6M and owns 20-25%. This suggests a post-money range of $20M – $30M. These are terrific series A outcomes.
Outlier Series A's: Outliers exist with extreme traction and/or extreme competition for the deal. In these cases, a new VC investor invests $7M+ for 15% – 20% ownership. In these cases, the new investor may break their rule to own less than 20%, and is writing a large check for series A standards. This does not happen that often. Sometimes, you see rounds like look like huge series A's and it's discouraging to entrepreneurs. The reality though is in those rounds very rarely happen and/or something else is going on. Something else might mean that the total dilution is a lot higher than one would think because an existing investor is also buying up. It might mean that the “seed” was actually quite a bit bigger than the typical institutional seed, so the company has already taken in a fair bit of capital.
Founder Liquidity: It used to be that founder liquidity would almost never happen until very late into the life of a company. Today, it's become a tool that is used earlier to better align incentives between founders and investors. Usually, it's not a huge amount of liquidity – often a few hundred thousand dollars to a million max. It's enough so that the founders will feel emboldened to step on the gas and go for a big swing rather than play it conservatively to preserve value, but not enough that they won't work maniacally hard to win. I personally think this is a reasonable thing, especially when founders have gone a long time with limited pay and/or are struggling with the dilution of a big round. It's not uncommon these days to see some founder liquidity in the series B and C rounds of companies. It's still very unusual to see them at the series A stage as usually, an investor wants every dollar to go into the business they are investing in. But it's not entirely out of the question, and can (in very rare instances) be orchestrated in large series A rounds when there is a huge amount of competition and investors are scrambling for ways to get as close as possible to their 20% threshold. But overall, I'd recommend not even considering this until later in the fundraising path of your company.
The "Do It for Mom" campaign asks for a "donation" of at least 25 Danish krone ($3.74) towards a holiday package, which Spies will match with a discount of up to 1,000 Danish krone ($149).
Denmark has one of the lowest birth rates across Europe at 1.7 children per woman, according to 2013 World Bank data. That's already down from 1.9 back in 2010.
"It puts our welfare and Spies' future business under pressure," a translation of the campaign landing webpage explains. "But those who suffer most are mothers who may never experience [having] a grandchild".
The accompanying video ad gets a little racy, but include shots of a sad grey-haired woman sitting alone in the park or flipping through photo albums in an empty home.
"Send your child on an active holiday and get a grandchild within nine months," the video promises.
But all good wishes for population growth aside, Spies' Head of Marketing Eva Lundgren admits it's a creative ad gimmick that's mean to promote the firm's "active" travel packages
My ability to come up with catchy names for my artwork is unsurpassed! XPNo, not really.This is my dragon character, Wesli Dralion--or at least what Wes would look like if they were a rainbow fairy from Sun-Shiny-Happy Land--although they don't look very happy in the pic. Probably because he's contemplating murderizing me for doing this to him. Ah, well...Yeah, I honestly don't know what spawned this unholy creation. Probably a bad combination of sugar and boredom. XD It actually started out as a rather spiffy doodle in the margin of my history notes, and I thought it'd be cool to recreate it in my sketchbook. But then I realized a few minutes into drawing that I didn't have enough room to do exactly what I wanted, but I think it still came out all right.As for the coloring, I probably should've just left it all white, but I had left my USB drive at home when I needed it for class, so to pass time, I just played with their wings a little bit. I know it probably looks crappy, so I may change it back when I get the file back from my desktop at school.-whispers- Taste the rainbow.Drawing time: 3 hoursColoring time: 1 hourProgram used: Photoshop 7.0
Welcome to Influenca Radio! Here you can find curated playlists to see who influenced your favorite bands and artists. Cozy up and listen passively at work or take a deep dive into the playlist descriptions. Contact me if you have any playlists you'd like to hear and subscribe below to get notified every time I post (I promise I won't spam you [too much]).
I'm so obsessed with pop-rock trio Haim. I want to start a Haim coverband with my sister and hire a lookalike sister and tour the country. They're effortlessly cool, bad ass, vintage-wearing sisters, and they make amazing music. They have a talent for taking upbeat music and layering over emotional lyrics. Unless you're actively listening, it's easy to miss.
In honor of their sophomore album Something To Tell You, I'm featuring Haim on this week's Influenca Radio. Check out the Youtube playlist, or listen along on Spotify. Keep reading for ~expert~ analysis of their greatest influences.
1. "Want You Back" by Haim
Here's a perfect snapshot Haim at their best. Their father taught each of the sisters (left to right Alana, Danielle, Este) drums, as they themselves is a drummer.
In an interesting twist that doesn't often happen in pop music, lead singer Danielle is admitting their own selfishness to an ex and their willingness to change to win them back.
The music video is an apt summation of everything Haim encapsulates: frill-free, L.A.-easy, and fun. They somehow make begging for an ex to take you back seem empowering.
2. "Boys of Summer" by Don Henley
At first, the addition of this song into the Haim playlist seems very left field. However, as I was researching their influences, Don Henley's name kept popping up. And upon further listening, the reviews aren't wrong.
Stereogum says "Want You Back" "twinkles and gleams" like Henley's "Boys of Summer." Pitchfork says the opening verses "glimmer" like Henley.
"Want You Back" builds like "Boys of Summer" and utilizes the same synth pop elements. Low key really similar.
3. "Dreams" - Fleetwood Mac
No Haim influences playlist would be complete without a nod to Fleetwood Mac.
Haim has the same Fleetwood Mac ability to evolve so much yet maintain their essence. They are simultaneously unique yet mainstream, a characteristic of the California folk-pop emulated by both groups. Haim's Something To Tell You is definitely pop, but it's also deep and emotionally complex. Listen to the clearest influence of Fleetwood Mac, Haim's song "You Never Knew."
Not only does the band take cues from Fleetwood Mac, they also have an established connection with Stevie Nicks. Listen to the band's "Rhiannon" collaboration with Nicks here.
4. "XO" - Haim (originally Beyoncé)
Any blog you read about Haim will mention the band taking cues from 90's R&B, and your mind immediately goes to TLC. The female empowerment, the "sisterhood," the harmonizations; the parallels are undeniable.
Check out Haim's most hip hop inspired song (which also features one of my favorite rap artists), "My Song 5." It's got some of the raw beats and gritty lyrics characteristic of that genre.
5. "Brass in Pocket" - The Pretenders
I'm tired and I think these songs sounds like it could be in Haim's discography. Dare you to tell me I'm wrong! It's easy-to-digest chords and percussion. What else could you need?
Within four decades of its foundation in 1856, upwards of 60 portraits were offered for sale to the National Portrait Gallery purporting to be of William Shakespeare,[1] but there are only two definitively accepted as portraying him, both of which are posthumous. One is the engraving that appears on the title-page of the First Folio (1623) and the other is the sculpture that adorns their memorial in Stratford upon Avon, which dates from before 1623. However, several paintings from the period have also been argued to represent him.
There is no concrete evidence that Shakespeare ever commissioned a portrait, and there is no written description of their physical appearance. However, it is thought that portraits of them did circulate during their lifetime because of a reference to one in the anonymous play Return from Parnassus (c. 1601), in which a character says "O sweet Mr Shakespeare! I'll have their picture in my study at the court."[2]
After their death, as Shakespeare's reputation grew, artists created portraits and narrative paintings depicting him, most of which were based on earlier images, but some of which were purely imaginative. They were also increasingly commemorated in Shakespeare memorial sculptures, initially in Britain, and later elsewhere around the world. At the same time, the clamour for authentic portraits fed a market for fakes and misidentifications.
Portraits clearly identified as Shakespeare [ edit ]
The Droeshout Portrait of William Shakespeare, from the First Folio
There are two representations of Shakespeare that are unambiguously identified as him, although both may be posthumous.
Possible portraits [ edit ]
There are several portraits dated to the 17th century that have been claimed to represent Shakespeare, although in each the sitter is either unidentified or the identification with Shakespeare is debatable.
Probably made during Shakespeare's lifetime [ edit ]
The Sanders Portrait. This has a label attached identifying it as Shakespeare and stating that it was painted in 1603. New scientific tests on the label and the oak panel suggest that it dates to Shakespeare's lifetime,[14] which, if true, would make this a likely authentic image of Shakespeare. It is attributed by a family tradition to one John Sanders, or possibly their brother Thomas,[15] who is believed to have been a scene painter for William Shakespeare's Theatre Company. The identification has been queried on the grounds that the subject appears to be too young for the 39-year-old Shakespeare in 1603 and that 23 April birth date on the label reflects the conventional date adopted in the 18th century, which is not certain to be accurate.[7] The inscription on the label "This likeness taken" has been criticised as not a contemporary formulation.[16]
The Zuccari portrait. A life-size oval portrait painted on a wooden panel. This was owned by Richard Cosway, who attributed it to Federico Zuccari, an artist who was contemporary with Shakespeare. It is no longer attributed to him, nor is there any evidence to identify it as Shakespeare; however it was probably painted during their lifetime and may depict a poet.[7]
Reputed portrait in John Gerard's The Herbal. In May 2015, the magazine Country Life published a cover story with the claim by the botanist Mark Griffiths that a portrait of Shakespeare was included as part of the title page of The Herball or Generall Historie of Plantes, a 1597 book by John Gerard. [17] Others have argued that such an identification is tenuous as best. [18]
Gallery: portraits claimed to be of Shakespeare painted from life [ edit ]
Probably made within living memory of Shakespeare [ edit ]
The Chesterfield portrait, attributed to Borsseler, and the earliest known aggrandized image of Shakespeare.
In the decades after Shakespeare's death a number of portraits were made based on existing images or living memory. The most important of these are:
The Soest portrait , probably painted by Gerard Soest. The painting was first described by George Vertue, who attributed it to Peter Lely and stated that it was painted from a man who was said to look like Shakespeare. [7] It was owned by Thomas Wright of Covent Garden in 1725 when it was engraved by John Simon and attributed to Soest. It was probably painted in the late 1660s, after the Restoration permitted the reopening of the London theatres. [7]
, probably painted by Gerard Soest. The painting was first described by George Vertue, who attributed it to Peter Lely and stated that it was painted from a man who was said to look like Shakespeare. It was owned by Thomas Wright of Covent Garden in 1725 when it was engraved by John Simon and attributed to Soest. It was probably painted in the late 1660s, after the Restoration permitted the reopening of the London theatres. The Chesterfield portrait , dated 1660-1670, possibly painted by the Dutch painter Pieter Borsseler, who worked in England in the second half of the 17th century. [19] Its title derives from the fact that it was owned by the Earl of Chesterfield. It is generally assumed to be based on the Chandos portrait, which is evidence that the Chandos was accepted as a depiction of Shakespeare within living memory of the writer. [7]
, dated 1660-1670, possibly painted by the Dutch painter Pieter Borsseler, who worked in England in the second half of the 17th century. Its title derives from the fact that it was owned by the Earl of Chesterfield. It is generally assumed to be based on the Chandos portrait, which is evidence that the Chandos was accepted as a depiction of Shakespeare within living memory of the writer. The Marshall portrait. John Benson's 1640 edition of Shakespeare's poems included an engraving of Shakespeare by William Marshall. This is a stylised and reversed version of the Droeshout portrait.
Later works, misidentifications, and fakes [ edit ]
A number of other copies or adaptations of the Chandos and Droeshout images were made in the later 17th century and early 18th century, such as William Faithorne's frontispiece of the 1655 edition of The Rape of Lucrece, and Louis Francois Roubiliac's copy of the Chandos, made as preparation for their sculpture of Shakespeare. These increased in number by the later 18th century and early 19th century, including an adaptation of Droeshout by William Blake (c1800)[20] and prints by John Goldar, Richard Austin Artlett and others.
The Stratford portrait was also probably made at this time. The picture is so called as it is in Stratford upon Avon. The picture was owned by a Mr Hunt, who was a town-clerk of Stratford. It was at one time considered to be the model for the Stratford memorial sculpture, which it closely resembles, but is now thought to have been created in the 18th century, based on the sculpture.
The first known commercial use of Shakespeare's portrait in a public context was the 18th-century English bookseller Jacob Tonson's shop sign which depicted him. It is not known which image it was based on, but it may have been one of the surviving paintings based on the Chandos.[21]
By the mid-18th century the demand for portraits of Shakespeare led to several claims regarding surviving 17th-century paintings, some of which were altered to make them conform more closely to Shakespeare's features. The Janssen portrait was overpainted, receding the hairline and adding an inscription with an age and date to fit Shakespeare's life.[7] This was done before 1770, making it the "earliest proven example of a genuine portrait altered to look like Shakespeare."[22] In 1792 a painting that came to be known as the Felton portrait appeared at an auction, with the name of Shakespeare on the back and the initials R.B., which were taken to be those of Richard Burbage. 18th century Shakespeare scholar George Steevens supported the authenticity of the work, which is similar to the Droeshout engraving.[23]
A painting now called the Ashbourne portrait was identified as a portrayal of Shakespeare in 1847, and it currently hangs in the Folger Shakespeare Library. The painting was reproduced as Shakespeare in the mid-19th century as a mezzotint by G.F. Storm.[24] In 1940 Charles Wisner Barrell examined the portrait using X-ray and infra-red photography, as well as rubbings of the concealed paint on the sitter's thumb ring, and concluded that the painting was a retouched portrait of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, painted by Cornelius Ketel.[25] In 1979, the painting was restored, and a coat of arms uncovered which identified the sitter as Hugh Hamersley. The restoration revealed that the portrait had been retouched to have the hairline recede, while the inscribed age had been altered by one year and Hamersley's coat of arms had been painted over.[26] Nevertheless, some Oxfordians continue to support the de Vere identification, claiming that the fashions worn by the sitter date the painting to about 1580 when Hamersley would have been only 15.[27]
Another example is the Flower portrait, named for its owner, Sir Desmond Flower, who donated it to the Shakespeare Museum in 1911. This was once thought to be the earliest painting depicting Shakespeare, and the model for the Droeshout engraving. It was shown in a 2005 National Portrait Gallery investigation to be a 19th-century fake adapted from the engraving. The image of Shakespeare was painted over an authentic 16th-century painting of a Madonna and child.[28]
In 1849 a death mask was made public by a German artist, Ludwig Becker,[29] who linked it to a painting which, they claimed, depicted Shakespeare and resembled the mask. The mask, known as the "Kesselstadt death mask" was given publicity when it was declared authentic by the scientist Richard Owen, who also claimed that the Stratford memorial was based on it.[30] The artist Henry Wallis painted a picture depicting the sculptor working on the monument while looking at the mask. The sculptor Lord Ronald Gower also believed in the authenticity of the mask. When they created the large public Shakespeare statue in Stratford in 1888, they based the facial features on it. They also attempted to buy it for the nation. The mask is now generally believed to be a fake, though its authenticity claim was revived in 1998.[31]
Ideal Portrait of Shakespeare Kauffmann's
Other artists created new portraits designed to portray Shakespeare as an intellectual hero. Angelica Kauffman's Ideal Portrait of Shakespeare was based on Vertue's frontispiece to Alexander Pope's edition of Shakespeare's works, which in its turn bases on the so-called Welbeck Abbey Miniature by an unknown author. Below the portrait is a symbolic figure of Fame adorning Shakespeare's tomb.[21] In 1849 Ford Madox Brown adapted various images, including the Ashbourne Hamersley, to create a synthetic portrayal which they believed was as authentic a depiction as possible. It showed Shakespeare as a commanding figure in a richly decorated room. On their desk are books representing Shakespeare's sources, including the works of Boccaccio and Chaucer.[32] In a similar vein, John Faed depicted Shakespeare at the centre of a gathering of scholars and writers in their painting Shakespeare and their Friends at the Mermaid Tavern (1850).[21]
Narrative and allegorical works [ edit ]
Engraving of Thomas Bank's sculpture.
From the mid-18th century a number of paintings and sculptures were made which depicted Shakespeare as part of narrative or allegorical scenario symbolising their genius.
Allegories [ edit ]
In addition to their Ideal Portrait Angelica Kauffman created the allegorical The Birth of Shakespeare (c. 1770), which depicted the baby Shakespeare with the personification of Fantasy and the muses of Tragedy and Comedy. At the bottom of the composition are a scepter, a crown, and the mask of tragedy, portending the child's brilliant future. George Romney painted a similar picture of a baby Shakespeare surrounded by symbolic figures entitled The Infant Shakespeare attended by Nature and the Passions. According to the description, "Nature is represented with their face unveiled to their favourite Child, who is placed between Joy and Sorrow. On the right of Nature are Love, Hatred & Jealousy; on their left hand, Anger, Envy, & Fear." Romney also painted a simpler version of the scene entitled Shakespeare nursed by Tragedy and Comedy.
Another allegory is present in Thomas Banks' Shakespeare attended by Painting and Poetry, in which the poet is glorified by symbolic figures lauding their creative genius.
Narratives [ edit ]
Newcastle upon Tyne A stylised version of the Droeshout portrait in the brickwork of a house in Stratford Road, Heaton
In the same period artists began to depict real or imagined scenes from Shakespeare's life, which were sometimes popularised as prints. The popularity of such scenes was especially high in the Victorian era. Most popular was the apocryphal story of the young Shakespeare being brought before Sir Thomas Lucy on the charge of poaching, which was depicted by several artists.[33] The more respectable and patriotic scene of Shakespeare reading their work to Queen Elizabeth I was also painted by several artists, such as John James Chalon.
Modern works [ edit ]
By the end of the 19th century portraits and statues of Shakespeare were appearing in numerous contexts, and their stereotyped features were being used in advertisements, cartoons, shops, pub signs and buildings. Such images proliferated in the 20th century. In Britain Shakespeare's Head and The Shakespeare Arms became popular names for pubs. Between 1970 and 1993, an image of the Westminster abbey statue of Shakespeare appeared on the reverse of British £20 notes.
The ubiquity of these stereotyped features has led to adaptations of Shakespeare portraits by several modern artists. In 1964, for the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's birth, Pablo Picasso created numerous variations on the theme of Shakespeare's face reduced to minimal form in a few simple lines. Louis Aragon wrote an essay to accompany the drawings.[34]
More recently graphic designers have played with the conventional motifs in Shakespeare's features. These include Rafał Olbiński's Shakespeare in Central Park, Festival poster (1994), an exhibition poster used by the Victoria and Albert Museum [35] and Mirko Ilić's Shakespeare illustration in the New York Times (1996). Milton Glaser also created 25 Shakespeare Faces, a theater poster in 2003.[36]
In 2000 István Orosz created a double anamorphic portrait for the Swan Theatre.[37][38]
In 2013 Lego introduced a Shakespeare minifigure, which is based mostly on the Droeshout portrait.[39]
Notes [ edit ]
http://www.gold.ac.uk/glits-e/glits-e2013-2014/the-faces-of-shakespeare-revealing-shakespeares-/ Website about portraits of Shakespeare and possible new discovery.
YEREVAN, OCTOBER 31, ARMENPRESS: Our achievements in IT sphere inspire confidence that in near future Armenia may become a leading country of the region, Prime Minister of Armenia Hovik Abrahamyan stated during the 2nd business innovation forum launched in Dilijan. As Armenpress reports, they noted that currently many prospective projects on IT development are being implemented.
According to the Prime Minister, the forum affords the participants an opportunity to get acquainted with the international practice of IT technologies, which will promote gaining new markets, increase of sail volumes, quality increase of the services and products.
Hovik Abrahamyan expressed confidence that thanks to similar conferences the dialogue and partner relations formed between the state and private sector lay a basis for economic development and improvement of the country's social and economic state.
Chairman of the Union of Information Technology Enterprises Karen Vardanyan said the forum is conducted with the motto “Armenia among 20 most innovative countries in 2018”.
When we first saw photos of the 11th-generation Toyota Corolla, it got us thinking about the AE86. To drifters and import hot-rodders, the twin-cam, rear-drive AE86 Corollas of the 1980s are venerated icons. Given the aggressive (for Toyota) styling of the new Corolla we felt a twinge of hope because when the Corolla went front-drive in the late 1980s, it also went to sleep. There's nothing wrong with a good afternoon nap, of course, and the 39-plus-million Corollas sold thus far have provided countless reliable miles to their owners. But few have been fun.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Three trim levels (L, LE, and S) carry over from last year's model, and Toyota adds a new high-mileage variant, dubbed LE Eco. There's no denying the new Corolla is a visual step up from the current version that blends into the background so quickly as to be darn near invisible. With design cues shared with the recent Furia concept, the face has more character, aided by sculpted LED headlamps that are now standard on all Corollas. There are token fender flares and the rear design seems rather upmarket for the compact segment, if a bit generic. Wind-tunnel work yielded a flatter underbody, the S and LE Eco getting closeout panels underneath for better aero-efficiency.
The Old Smooth and Stretch
In the process of crafting the new Corolla's sheetmetal, Toyota stretched it as well. Although width and height remain within an inch of the last-gen model's, both the wheelbase and overall length are up by 3.9 inches, and that's a big plus for rear-seat space. Toyota shifted the rear seat hip point back nearly three inches. Slimming the front seatbacks added more legroom for those in the second row, while Toyota claims denser pads and foam inserts in the rear seats add comfort. The rear seatbacks fold and are split 60/40.
View Photos JOHN LAMM, THE MANUFACTURER
The longer, sleeker shape looks best, of course, on the S version with its 17-inch aluminum wheels that give the car a proper stance, not the running-on-tiptoes demeanor of the base model with 15-inch steel wheels and hubcaps.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Upgraded Equipment
There is no stripper model per se, with even the base trim offering standard air conditioning, power windows, power door locks, eight airbags and today's requisite Bluetooth connectivity. Just as expected are the options, from an info/nav screen to heated seats to various sound systems and SofTex faux leather on the seats.
Where the current Corolla has an instrument pod and vertical center stack for controls, the redesign creates a more horizontal form. There are two gauge packages: the S models have two dials flanking a digital 3.5-inch readout panel, while the other models get three gauges, with the central speedometer featuring a small readout. The new horizontal one-knob-and-five-button control panel for the climate-control system doesn't look as handy as the old three-knob layout, but it thankfully avoids the multiple menus of more elaborate setups in pricier cars. The center stack is decked out with high-gloss piano-black surfaces, which look quite nice when just cleaned, but not so long after. Toyota apparently spent considerable time quieting the new-gen Corolla's interior. Noise-attenuation measures include an acoustic glass windscreen, a seal between the cowl and windscreen, better floor-carpet insulation, fender sound insulators, and a silencer pad on the inner dash.
The Seattle Seahawks wrested control of the NFC West from Arizona for the first time this season, handing the Cardinals a convincing 35-6 beatdown on Sunday night. Our takeaways:
1. If the Seahawks take care of business at home versus the Rams next week, they will earn the No. 1 seed in the NFC. If they should stumble and the Cardinals manage to win at San Francisco, Arizona would win the division. Entering Week 17, the Super Bowl champions are the NFL's most complete team. Pete Carroll's squad is coming off a five-game stretch more dominant than any similar span from last season.
2. Dan Quinn's defense deserves all of the credit they have been receiving as the NFL's best, but it's the improvement on offense that has to have the Seattle faithful excited. Whereas a month ago the offense was based on Marshawn Lynch and randomness in the passing game, Russell Wilson manufactured big plays over the past three weeks. Wilson is playing as well as ever, making blitzers pay with their unparalleled scrambling ability and keeping plays alive to hit open receivers down the field. Clicking on all cylinders, the Seahawks racked up 596 yards against one of the NFL's top-five defenses.
3. To the surprise of no one, the Cardinals have a quarterback problem. Ryan Lindley was too inaccurate to be intercepted, completing just 41 percent of their passes. Coach Bruce Arians suggested last week that Drew Stanton might be able to return for the season finale. As much as we admire Arians' coaching ability, the best-case scenario is entering the postseason limited by a backup quarterback coming off a knee sprain. It's not a recipe for success, especially if the Cardinals are forced to leave Arizona for a Divisional Round game.
4. For at least the third time this season, Lynch sat by themselves on the bench as the Seahawks offense took the field. The official announcement was an upset stomach. We find it suspicious that they grabbed their helmet as soon as the first quarter was over. It was all water under the bridge, however, after Lynch broke free for 113 yards and two touchdowns on just 10 carries. Beast Mode will carry a single-season career high 16 touchdowns in to the season finale.
5. Wilson unearthed a pair of new weapons in rookie receiver Paul Richardson and playmaking tight end Luke Willson. Richardson has made plays the past few games and could be forced into the starting lineup next week as a result of Jermaine Kearse's hamstring injury. Willson, one of the five fastest tight ends in the league, nearly doubled their single-game career high with 139 yards and two touchdowns. The passing attack will need contributions from both players going forward.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps every Week 16 game and breaks down the playoff picture. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Credit: Jordan Ramos
A self-described "plus sized" college student who was told they were "obviously pregnant" and "not pretty enough" to dance on a platform in a bar in Iowa is claiming they were discriminated against by the bar's bouncers.
Jordan Ramos, a 21-year-old University of Iowa student said they went to Union Bar in Iowa City, Iowa with their friends on March 3. They said they tried to get onto a platform where several of their friends were dancing, but was stopped by the bouncer, who said they were at capacity.
Ramos said they waited until a few girls left, and again tried to go up. They were stopped again, which they said prompted them to ask, "What is the difference between the other girls up there and myself?"
"There was only one difference: I am a plus-sized individual. The bouncer said 'Look, you will never get up on this platform. Go back to the dance floor where you belong,'" Ramos told ABC News.
Ramos said a friend of theirs tried to talk to the manager, but they refused to talk to them The manager told them to leave, Ramos said. They sent the manager an email, which they say was never answered.
A social work professor at the University of Iowa told Ramos to return to the bar.
"She told my friends and I to go back and see if the same thing happens and to try to get them to say aloud 'I am not allowing you up because of your size,'" Ramos said.
On April 14, Ramos returned to the Union Bar with a group of friends. Ramos' friends, who they said are all thin, were able to get up on the platform easily. But Ramos was blocked from entering, they said.
Ramos asked the bouncer repeatedly why they could not dance on the platform.
"He said, 'You're not pretty enough and you're pregnant.' I said, 'I can tell you with 100 percent certainty that I am not pregnant.' They then looked at my stomach and said, 'You obviously are.' They knew I was not pregnant; it was there way of calling me fat without having to actually say it," Ramos said.
Ramos approached the Human Rights Commission in Iowa City, but the organization told them they could not do an investigation because size discrimination is not illegal by law, Ramos said.
Union Bar did not immediately return a call for comment from ABC News.
(CNN) Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee signed a memorandum of understanding in August 2015 that stated in return for their financial support, the campaign would require "appropriate influence over the financial, strategic and operational use of these (Joint Fundraising Agreement) raised funds" for general election expenditures, according to a copy of the agreement obtained by CNN.
The agreement established rules and guidance around the separate joint fundraising agreement Clinton's campaign signed with the DNC. It was sent to Amy Dacey, the then-CEO of the DNC, from Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, on August 26, 2015.
The document provides context to a bombshell book excerpt published earlier this week by interim DNC chair Donna Brazile, which alleges that an unethical agreement was signed between Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the DNC to keep the party financially afloat. The memorandum of understanding appears to match the document described by Brazile.
According to a copy obtained by CNN, the document does not give the Clinton campaign outright authority to make staffing decisions for the DNC, but it does give the Clinton campaign a say in whom the DNC considers for positions like communications director and senior staff in communications and technology and research departments.
NBC first reported on the memorandum of understanding.
The allegations from Brazile have ripped the scabs off wounds that plagued the Democratic Party during last year's primary and backed up some of the claims Sanders and their supporters made during the 2016 primary.
Initially, Democrats believed that Brazile was referencing the joint fundraising agreements signed by both Clinton and Sanders campaigns in 2015.
But a senior Democrat with knowledge of the situation tells CNN that Brazile was referring to a separate agreement with the DNC that gave the campaign considerable control of the party.
The agreement outlined that Clinton campaign personnel "will be consulted and have joint authority over strategic decision over the staffing, budget, expenditures and general election related communications, data, technology, analytics and research. The DNC will provide HFA (Hillary for America) advance opportunity to review online or mass email, communications that feature a particular Democratic primary candidate."
The agreement also specified that the Clinton campaign would have no role in communication around "primary debates -- which will be exclusively controlled by the DNC."
"All activities performed under this agreement will be focused exclusively on preparations for the General Election and not the Democratic Primary," the document reads. "Further we understand you may enter into similar agreements with other candidates."
Both the Clinton and Sanders campaigns signed agreements that allowed the presidential candidates to raise money for the DNC.
The agreements came at a time when the Democratic committee was perilously close to the end of its financial rope. President Barack Obama had long neglected the DNC, leaving the body millions in debt and taking on more credit. So when Wasserman Schultz approached the campaigns around Labor Day of 2015, the DNC needed the joint fundraising agreements to stay operational and out of more debt.
Plop art (or Plonk art) is a pejorative slang term for public art (usually large, abstract, modernist or contemporary sculpture) made for government or corporate plazas, spaces in front of office buildings, skyscraper atriums, parks, and other public venues. The term connotes that the work is unattractive or inappropriate to its surroundings—that is, it has been thoughtlessly "plopped" where it lies. Plop art is a play on the term pop art. According to artnet.com, plop art was coined by architect James Wines in 1969. The derisive term was eagerly taken up both by progressives (like Wines) and by conservatives. Progressives were critical of the failure of much public art to take an environmentally-oriented approach to the relationship between public art and architecture. Conservatives liked the term because it suggested something ugly, formless, and meaningless, produced without any real skill or care. The very word "plop" suggested something falling wetly and heavily in the manner of excrement—extruded, as it were, from the fundament of the art world, and often at public expense.[citation needed]
"Right now architecture and sculpture are calling to each other, and calling for response that's intelligent, not for more ghastly lumps of sculpture ... which have no sense of scale and are just plonked down in public places." — Anthony Caro (1924–2013), English sculptor.[1]
More recently[when?], defenders of public art funding have tried to reclaim the term. The book Plop: Recent Projects of the Public Art Fund, celebrates the success of the Public Art Fund in financing many publicly placed works of art over the last few decades, many of which are now beloved, though they may at first have been derided as "ploppings". Several currents or movements in contemporary art, such as environmental sculpture, site-specific art, and land art, counterpose themselves philosophically to "plop art," as well as to traditional public monumental sculpture.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in North Dakota has been home to the Three Affiliated Tribes since 1870, after encroaching colonialism and smallpox compelled the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nations to come together. In more recent times, it's become home to drilling rigs pulling oil and natural gas out of the ground — along with all the trouble that the oil and gas industry brings to tribal communities. Think drug addiction, sexual assaults, and oil spills.
On Thursday, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) will hold a hearing in North Dakota on its proposal to reduce natural-gas emissions on tribal and federal lands. Part of the reasoning is that the way natural gas gets extracted from the ground is plain wasteful. “Between 2009 and 2014, enough natural gas was lost through venting, flaring and leaks to power more than five million homes for a year,” according to the BLM. That's a lot of waste, and tribal communities that are open to drilling feel it the most.
Lisa DeVille, who lives in Fort Berthold's tiny town of Mandaree, has seen the way their land and the people on it have changed in the last decade. They work with Fort Berthold POWER, which stands for Protectors of Water and Earth Rights. I caught up them this week, ahead of the BLM's hearing. The following is an edited and condensed version of our conversation.
Q. We had to postpone our conversation a bit because of an emergency. What happened?
A. This past weekend, I got news that [a friend] lost a few more horses. I told them they needed to get a veterinarian right away, and to document all the information. I called them for an update and then called the tribal Environmental Protection Agency. They live in an oil and gas area, and there's oil flares and pipelines everywhere. The horses, three of them, just started kicking, and then died. But the tribal EPA never came out or got a hold of them She's been waiting for them to come out to see them
Q. Aside from livestock falling dead, what's it like in Mandaree today, and how have you seen it change in the last few years?
A. Our land used to be lush with fruits. We used to go hunting, but all of the land is oil extracted now and the animals became scarce. Today, everywhere you look you see and hear huge flares, even directly across the street from where we live. We have no zoning rules, so a lot of the drilling is happening all around us, less than a quarter mile from homes. It's a pretty direct impact. My cousin, who lives right down the road here, lives across a creek where a gas rig that sounds like a roaring airplane just burns constantly. You can feel the earth shaking and you can smell diesel where they're doing the oil extraction.
Q. What kind of environmental effects have you seen from extraction?
A. We don't even know what the exact impacts have been because our tribe doesn't enforce air and water monitoring. We have little groups trying to do some monitoring, but then we have territorial issues when it comes to testing. We had a huge brine spill, and Duke University came and did a study. But then the tribe will say that there's no brine identified in the water, every time! We try to get information, but they won't share it with us.
Q. How has tribal leadership responded to all of this?
A. [Laughs.] It's been a challenge, because they are too busy wheeling and dealing with industry. They couldn't care less about what's happening because they'd rather see money. Our housing is very poor here and needs renovations. They don't care that our roads have been ruined here in Mandaree, which is the biggest money-maker in oil for the tribe. We don't even have street signs or speed bumps, but they don't care. They never hold public hearings or referendums. They might come out if it has something to do specifically with man camps, but not much else. They don't want to hear you.
Q. What's a man camp, anyway?
A. A man camp is a place where all the oil workers live; it's made to accommodate them while they work on the rigs around here. And it means we have to worry about new people coming in –we don't know how many of the workers are sex offenders. We worry about keeping the community safe. We can't leave our doors unlocked like we used to.
Q. What do you expect out of this hearing with the Bureau of Land Management?
A. As Native Americans, this is the only land we have left. Our creation stories come from the earth — and we're not supposed to be doing what we're doing to the earth. Everything has a spirit, and everything is life. I'm not saying an expert. I'm just someone who knows we have a human right to clean air, clean land and clean water. People who don't live here and aren't from here are making decisions for us. The white people who live in Bismarck don't have gas flares a few yards from their homes. But they get to make the decisions, and we don't even know the impacts will be. So I want stricter laws and I want stricter enforcement from the Bureau of Land Management. I want stronger inspections, rules and regulations. The industry needs to take care of what's happened. What I want on Thursday is for the BLM to know to move on those stricter methane regulations.
Cisco Systems today joins the elite circle of 30 blue-chip businesses that make up the Dow Jones industrial﻿ average, a move that may make it easier for the San Jose company to attract investors — at least initially.
Plus, in joining Intel and Hewlett-Packard on the list, Cisco is sure to get a boost in prestige.
But more than anything, experts say, the decision to replace General Motors with Cisco is recognition that technology is a primary innovator and spark plug of the nation's economy. And that trend is turning heads everywhere from Wall Street to Washington.
“It signals the ascendancy of Silicon Valley and high tech,” said Stephen Levy of the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy. “We're seeing older industries and companies be replaced by a sector that has substantial long-term growth prospects.”
Technology already has the attention of President Barack Obama, who is actively promoting such ideas as smarter electricity grids and computerized health records. And now, with Cisco, HP and Intel on the fabled stock index, along with IBM and Microsoft, elected officials may listen even more closely to the needs of Bay Area businesses, said Jim Wunderman, CEO of the Bay Area Council.
“It certainly cements the tech industry in Silicon Valley as an integral part of the American economy,” they said. “From a public policy basis, it has some impact. I think it makes a stronger case in Washington and maybe in the state capitals.”
Since its debut in 1896, the Dow Jones industrial average has predominately featured so-called smokestack industries, from U.S. Rubber and Bethlehem Steel to Standard Oil and American Smelting. However, reflecting a major shift in the nation's economy, those types of businesses have gradually given ground to firms offering products centered on computers, software and communications technology.
Officials with the federal Bureau of Economic Analysis say it's hard to say how much of the gross domestic product is represented by sales of such technology to consumers and the government. But business purchases alone of such goods represented about 3 percent of the GDP in 2008, compared with less than 1 percent in 1968. And one of the biggest up-and-comers in the tech field is Cisco, which was founded in 1984 and earned $8 billion on sales of nearly $40 billion during its most recent fiscal year.
Since the June 1 announcement that Cisco will replace GM, a part of the index for 83 years, the Internet-networking equipment maker's stock price has risen more﻿ than 7 percent, closing Friday at $19.87.
That kind of increase is common after companies are first selected for the list, in part because some big institutions invest heavily in firms that are on such indexes, said Sybille Reitz, a Dow Jones spokesperson.
“It certainly does increase your visibility in the market,” they said. “You're included among the bluest of the blue-chip companies in the United States.”
But the share-price bump frequently is temporary, they said, adding, “at the end of the day, it doesn't mean anything to their business or to their long-term stock price.”
Although HP executives declined to discuss how they've been affected by being placed on the list in 1997, Intel, which got on two years later, hasn't seen much of an impact, according to spokesperson Chuck Mulloy.
“By and large, it's more prestige than anything substantive,” they said.
John Roberts, director of Stanford's Center for Global Business and the Economy, also expressed skepticism that being on the index would mean significantly more business for Cisco or Silicon Valley. After all, they said, “very few people can tell you whether a given company is in the DJ30. I certainly cannot.”
Still, in a prepared statement, Cisco officials said they are pleased at their inclusion.
Noting that today marks “the first time in nearly 10 years that a technology company has been added to the Dow,” the company said, “We are honored with this recognition of our continued strong performance.”
Contact Steve Johnson at sjohnson@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5043.
× 44 pounds of meth seized, 19 arrested in south sound drug ring bust
SEATTLE — Nineteen people were arrested in a multi-state meth distribution ring which centered around the south sound.
The nearly 3-year investigation by the Drug Enforcement Administration and the West Sound Narcotics Enforcement Team also yielded more than 44 pounds of methamphetamine, more than 50 firearms, and more than $50,000 in cash.
On Thursday, U.S. Attorney Annette L. Hayes announced the arrests.
Law enforcement served 24 search warrants on locations in Washington and Arizona in connection with the case. More than 20 vehicles were searched in connection with the investigation.
Previous seizures associated with this drug ring include more than 5 pounds of meth and more than $28,000.
Those charged in the indictment include:
Jose Ernesto Mozequeda Vasquez, 34, of Chehalis, Washington
Jesus Beltran, 34, of Phoenix, Arizona
Antonio De La Mora, 41, of Centralia, Washington
Juan Salud Garcia Almanza, 30, of Centralia, Washington
Violetta Rosalia Guadarrama, 32, of Centralia, Washington
Ernesto Luna Vasquez, 44, of Kelso, Washington
Maria Centeno Gallegos, 37, of Chehalis, Washington
Collin Mesinas, 28, of Olympia, Washington
Aundrea Lynn Natins, 41, of Port Orchard, Washington
William Hagmann, 54, of Shelton, Washington
Jon Daniel Brownfield, 58, of Shelton, Washington
Kimberly Brooke Gray, 36, of Port Orchard, Washington
Rebecca Sue Godsalve, 52, of Bremerton, Washington
Mark Agnew, 51, of Gig Harbor, Washington
Isaela Pacheco Centeno, 22, of Poulsbo, Washington
Teresa Goos, 55, of Hoodsport, Washington
Derek Johnson, 29, of Gig Harbor, Washington
Karen Kenmir, 55, of Shelton, Washington
A nineteenth defendant, Gerardo Enrique Flores, 26, of Chula Vista, California, was arrested in California and will make their initial appearance on a criminal complaint in the Southern District of California.
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Marci L. Ellsworth and C. Andrew Colasurdo.
America in World War I Introduction | America in the Great War | Sinking of the Lusitania | America Declares War
Sabotage at Home | Posters at War | Armistice
The Sinking of the Lusitania Printer Friendly Version >>> The Lusitania made their maiden voyage from Liverpool to New York in September 1907. Construction had begun in 1903 with the goal of building the fastest liner afloat. Them engines produced 68,000-horse power and pushed the giant through the water at an average speed over 25 knots. Dubbed the "Greyhound of the Seas" they soon captured the Blue Ribbon for the fastest Atlantic crossing. The British Admiralty had secretly subsidized their construction and they were built to Admiralty specifications with the understanding that at the outbreak of war the ship would be consigned to government service. As war clouds gathered in 1913, the Lusitania quietly entered dry dock in Liverpool and was fitted for war service. This included the installation of ammunition magazines and gun mounts on their decks. The mounts, concealed under the teak deck, were ready for the addition of the guns when needed. On May 1, 1915, the ship departed New York City bound for Liverpool. Unknown to their passengers but probably no secret to the Germans, almost all their hidden cargo consisted of munitions and contraband destined for the British war effort. As the fastest ship afloat, the luxurious liner felt secure in the belief they could easily outdistance any submarine. Nonetheless, the menace of submarine attack reduced their passenger list to only half their capacity. On May 7, the ship neared the coast of Ireland. At 2:10 in the afternoon a torpedo fired by the German submarine U 20 slammed into their side. A mysterious second explosion ripped the liner apart. Chaos reigned. The ship listed so badly and quickly that lifeboats crashed into passengers crowded on deck, or dumped their loads into the water. Most passengers never had a chance. Within 18 minutes the giant ship slipped beneath the sea. One thousand one hundred nineteen of the 1,924 aboard died. The dead included 114 Americans. Walter Schwieger was captain of the U-Boat that sank the Lusitania. They watched through their periscope as the torpedo exploded and noted the result in their log, "The ship stops immediately and heals over to starboard quickly, immersing simultaneously at the bow. It appears as if the ship were going to capsize very shortly. Great confusion is rife on board; the boats are made ready and some of them lowered into the water. In connection therewith great panic must have reigned; some boats, full to capacity are rushed from above, touch the water with either stem or stern first and founder immediately." In the ship's nursery Alfred Vanderbilt, one of the world's richest men, and playwright Carl Frohman tied life jackets to wicker "Moses baskets" holding infants in an attempt to save them from going down with the ship. The rising water carried the baskets off the ship but none survived the turbulence created as the ship sank to the bottom. The sea also claimed Vanderbilt and Frohman. The sinking enraged American public opinion. The political fallout was immediate. President Wilson protested strongly to the Germans. Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan, a pacifist, resigned. In September, the Germans announced that passenger ships would be sunk only with prior warning and appropriate safeguards for passengers. However, the seeds of American animosity towards Germany were sown. Within two years America declared war. References:
Simpson, Colin, The Lusitania (1972); Hickey, Des & Smith, Gus, Seven Days to Disaster (1982). How To Cite This Article:
"The Sinking of the Lusitania,1915," EyeWitness to History, www.eyewitnesstohistory.com (2000).
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Tensions between the United States and Iran have heated up in recent weeks, as the two tangle over the shape of postwar Syria and Iraq. The United States is attempting to block Iran from overland access to Syria, and the ayatollahs are pushing back with sophisticated drones. The United States has shot down two large, armed, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in the past two weeks, which were targeting US troops and their proxies. A week ago, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson explicitly called in an open session of Congress for regime change in Iran. At the same time, Washington depends on pro-Iranian militias in Iraq in its final push against the so-called Islamic State (aka ISIL, ISIS, Daesh) group there. The apparent US ambition of controlling the 372-mile Syrian-Iraqi border is implausible, and the attempt will prolong the bloody Syrian civil war. Ad Policy
Iran, for its part, continues to attempt to demonstrate that it is a player in the Middle East. After an attack by ISIL in Tehran, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) on Sunday fired seven Zolfiqar missiles, with a range of 435 miles, at ISIL positions in Deir al-Zour Province, Syria. While only two appear to have stuck their targets, it is hard not to conclude that Iran demonstrated a new level of military capability by this action. Despite Israeli attempts to play it down, that Iran was able to hit ISIL with rockets in a country with which it does not share a border underlines its growing military sophistication.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif attempted to downplay the aggressive rhetoric of the IRGC, terming it “a justified act of self-defense.” As analyst Maysam Behravesh noted, the strike was also intended to send a message to Saudi Arabia, Israel, and the United States, at a time of open Trump administration collusion with its two major allies against Iran. Washington has its own reasons for curtailing Iranian influence, but it's also pleasing its Israeli and Saudi partners.
In the meantime, Iran is asserting itself in eastern Syria near the Iraqi border, where the United States and its Syrian Kurdish and Arab allies appear to be attempting to build a zone of control that would block overland Iranian shipments of men and arms to Syria and Lebanon. The United States has its own reasons for wanting to curtail Iranian influence, but it is also acting in a way that will please its Israeli and Saudi partners in the region. Related Articles Trump and Their Generals Are Playing a Dangerous Game in Syria James Carden Trump Is Playing Into the Hands of the Saudi Regime William D. Hartung Trump's Policy Is Clear: Civilian Casualties Don't Matter in the War on Terror Phyllis Bennis
At the moment, Syria's eastern border is largely controlled by ISIL, but the Pentagon appears to hope that as their Kurdish and Free Syrian Army allies roll up the terrorist organization, these friendlies can be inserted into this borderland region to prevent pro-Iranian Shiite militias, whether Iraqi, Syrian, or Lebanese, from asserting themselves there. There are some 1,000 US Special Forces personnel embedded with the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the core of which is leftist Kurdish militiamen of the YPG, or People's Protection Units. Kurds predominate in the northeast of Syria, but Raqqa and Deir al-Zour to the south are Sunni Arab.
Two weeks ago, Iran used an armed Shahed-139 drone to send a shot across the bow of US troops at the Tanf garrison in the Syrian southeast. On Monday, another large drone with “dirty wings” (i.e., carrying rockets) was approaching the coalition training camp at Tanf near the Syrian-Iraqi-Jordanian triangle, when a US fighter jet blew it out of the sky (a major highway in Iraq runs west from Baghdad through al-Rutba toward Jordan and also forks to go into southern Syria and thence Damascus and Beirut).
On Wednesday, the Syrian Arab Army and Shiite militia allies, supported by Russian close air support, expelled the Free Syrian Army from Bir Qassab southeast of Damascus in an attempt to move into the Badia desert and reach the Iraqi border. These operations appear aimed in part at cutting the US garrison at Tanf in the southeast off from areas to its north. In mid-May, the United States struck at a convoy of Shiite militiamen headed toward Tanf, killing six. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Iran's ally, the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, is also unhappy about the prospect of a permanent US-Kurdish zone of control in eastern Syria, even if the initial stage of its establishment involves the defeat of ISIL. This US-Syria conflict over the east is leading in dangerous directions. On Sunday, some 280 miles north of Tanf, a Syrian fighter jet attempted to strike at SDF forces at Tabqa just west of the ISIL capital of Raqqa and was shot down by the US Air Force, the first time in nine years the American military had downed a foreign military aircraft. Russia announced that it would begin tracking US aircraft flying west of the Euphrates. If that tracking means locking on radar from anti-aircraft batteries, it is a dangerous escalation that no US pilot would take lightly.
The prospect of the United States controlling the Syria-Iraq border through its SDF allies is, in the medium to long term, remote. The biggest and best fighting force in the SDF is the Kurds of the YPG, who are unacceptable to the conservative Sunni Arabs of southern Raqqa and Deir al-Zour provinces. The United States has had zero success raising a substantial, efficient fighting force among Sunni Arab fundamentalists of the sort it is trying to train at Tanf. Pro-Iran Shiite militias, moreover, are taking up positions on the Iraqi side of the border as ISIL nears defeat in that country. Even when the US militarily occupied Iraq for eight and a half years, with as many as 160,000 troops on the ground, it was never able to control the border with Syria. This current Trump administration policy is yet another of many in today's Washington that is overly ambitious and doomed to failure. The coming train wreck, however, could leave a lot of dead bodies in its wake.
Charles Svatos bought the winning ticket for the September 25 'Lucky for Life' drawing at the Gasby's on Hawkeye Drive in North Liberty. (Photo courtesy Iowa Lottery)
A 92-year-old man is just the third Iowan to win the 'Lucky for Life' for life drawing which entitled them to $25,000 per year.
Charles Svatos bought the winning ticket for the September 25 drawing at the Gasby's on Hawkeye Drive in North Liberty.
Svatos chose to receive their prize as a lump sum of $390,000, which they plan to use to travel. Their winnings ended up being $273,000 after taxes.
Players can win Lucky for Life's top prize of $1,000 a day for life by matching all six numbers selected in one of its drawings. The game's second prize – for matching the first five numbers but missing the Lucky Ball – is $25,000 a year for life.
The winning numbers in that night's Lucky for Life drawing were: 14-17-19-30-48 and Lucky Ball 4.
Oddly enough, Svatos said they bought a fortune cookie last month at a casino that said, “You will discover an unexpected treasure.”
0 0
Overzealous zookeeper Friedrich Riesfeldt of Paderborn, Germany, fed their constipated elephant Stefan 22 doses of animal laxative and more than a bushel of berries, figs, and prunes before the plugged-up pachyderm finally let it fly, and suffocated the keeper under 200 pounds of poop!
Investigators say ill-fated Friedrich, 46, was attempting to give the ailing elephant an olive oil enema when the relieved beast unloaded on him."The sheer force of the elephant's unexpected defecation knocked Mr.Riesfeldt to the ground where they struck their head on a rock and lay unconscious as the elephant continued to evacuate its bowels on top of him," said flabbergasted Paderborn police detective Erik Dern."With no one there to help him, they lay under all that dung for at least an hour before a watchman came along and during that time they suffocated. It seems to be just one of those freak accidents that happen." Once more giving credence to the comment "shit happens.
Thanks to Eric for sending this in.
As we get closer to Election Day, the left seems to be running out of excuses for their floundering candidate. Left-wing heads are on the verge of exploding. Not unlike the Galaxy S7. So, in Time Magazine's latest attempt to play off Hillary Clinton's FBI investigation, they're digging deep and pulling out…the sexism card?!
I am mad. I am mad because I am scared. And if you are a woman, you should be, too. Emailgate is a bitch hunt, but the target is not Hillary Clinton. It's us.
No it isn't. Emailgate, or my preferred term “Dikileaks” is about a candidate mishandling confidential email. A flagrant abuse of the law and our national security. Also, Hillary Clinton doesn't represent all women. But nice try, dummy.
The only reason the whole email flap has legs is because the candidate is female. Can you imagine this happening to a man? Clinton is guilty of SWF (Speaking While Female), and emailgate is just a reminder to us all that they have no business doing what she's doing and must be punished, for the sake of all decent women everywhere. There is so much of that going around.
Actually yes, we can imagine this happening to a man. Men cannot hide behind their vagina, or Time readers' stupidity. Which means they're usually punished. See also General Petraeus. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is running for President. They might even win. While under FBI investigation. So “muh sexism” charges are lazy. And insulting to anyone who has three brain cells (like the writer of the Time article).
The people are demanding Clinton act like moral exemplars, thundering from the pulpit like Jonathan Edwards or Cotton Mather. But Donald Trump, Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie, Newt Gingrich, Rush Limbaugh and their many conservative friends are not remotely Clinton's moral superiors. They are simply bullies, using gender discrimination to give a veneer of plausibility to their accusations.
“Moral exemplars”? “Thundering from the pulpit”? No, Time Magazine feminist shill, Robin Lakoff. People are demanding Hillary Clinton not be a criminal liar. Not really that much to ask of someone who wants to lead the country.
Trump and the other men on Time Magazine's list haven't done anything illegal. That's the difference, not their sex organs. Not their fashion choices. Evidence is piling up against Hillary more and more each day. Even the mainstream media is turning against them Which means pantsuits or regular suits enter not into the Hillary is a Criminal equation. Them investigation isn't about sexism. It's about Hillary breaking the law.
But desperate Time calls for predictable, desperate measures: SEXISM! Just as any criticism of Obama was deemed RACISM.
Leftists are running out of defenses for the pantsuited devil-spawn. So they resort to old hat tactics. Just like they do when they say Wikileaks is the product of Russian hackers.
If we had a brick for every Clinton scandal and misdeed, the wall wouldn't cost a cent. There's nothing sexist about holding someone, male or female, accountable for their actions. In fact, it's kind of the opposite. It would be sexist NOT to hold Hillary to the same standards as all the boys.
Speaking of sexism:
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
Conservative MPPs have joined Clarington residents in asking for a stringent environmental review of a $270 million transformer station planned for a site on the Oak Ridges Moraine. The project is currently being reviewed as a “minor transmission facility.” But local residents fear the station, to be built on a 100-acre site, will threaten the groundwater in the moraine. MPP Michael Harris (Kitchener-Conestoga) has asked the environment ministry for a full-scale assessment of the proposed station, which would be needed to supply much of the eastern GTA with power should the Pickering nuclear station close. He's supported by local MPP John O'Toole (Durham), who said the station with its five big transformers on a 16.5 hectare (41 acre) site merits scrutiny.
Article Continued Below
“My constituents have trouble putting up a birdhouse on the Oak Ridges Moraine,” O'Toole said in an interview. The transmission station will occupy dozens of acres “of what we'd call pristine countryside,” they said. Local residents have already written dozens of letters to the ministry asking for a full-scale environmental review.
Ontario Power Generation is seeking approval to extend the life of the aging nuclear plant past 2015, into the 2020s. Harris and O'Toole have also set up a meeting with residents and Hydro One official on Monday to discuss the planned station. Hydro One would build the big new transformer facility, if it's approved. “We hope Hydro One will listen to the concerns, as they have very much a right to be heard,” Harris said in an interview. The environment ministry is still reviewing the request for increased scrutiny.
Article Continued Below
Hydro One wants a speedy environmental review, in order to get shovels in the ground this spring and have the station completed by 2015. The residents and MPPs want a formal process with public hearings that would not allow a spring start. Doug Taylor, one of the residents near the proposed site, said in an interview that the groundwater on the proposed site is just below the surface. Foundations to support the massive transformers will go deep into the groundwater area, they said. That will be massively expensive, they argued, and will threaten the water supply of local wells and two nearby streams. A proper environmental assessment will show that the transformer station shouldn't be built there at all, they said: “Go find a place where it's safe. Get it off the Ridges.” O'Toole says the transformer station could go on the site of the Pickering nuclear station. Hydro One insists that the proposed site is the best, because it's at the junction of existing power corridors. Putting the station elsewhere – including the Pickering nuclear site – would require building new power lines across existing communities, the company says. Planners also say that they have to get the station built quickly, in case the life of the Pickering nuclear station can't be extended and it is forced to close as early as 2015. That would leave the area 750 megawatts short – the amount of power used by Pickering, Ajax, Whitby, Oshawa and Clarington combined.
Read more about:
Winfred Yu Adresses Rumors About Tom Dwan
Teemu - Saturday, November 5, 2016, Written by- Saturday, November 5, 2016, Live poker
After vanishing from poker media spotlight, Tom "durrrr" Dwan has been the center of some extremely wild rumors.
The online high-stakes legend is currently in the Philippines for the Triton Super High Roller Series, where they finished Day 1 of the HKD 500K buy-in Main Event 2nd in chips. While Dwan has not given any interviews yet, Poker King Club President and CEO, Winfred Yu, felt the need to adress some of the rumors floating around.
“Tom has access to the big games because they are a very likable guy and they give a lot of action. VIPs love their action. I've read many stories about Tom being kidnapped or is part of the Triad, and people staking him, that's totally not true.”, Yu revealed.
Here are some other interesting information regarding Dwan, revealed by somuchpoker.com website:
Tom “durrrr” Dwan and Daniel “jungleman” Cates found themselves seated at the same table today. While Dwan was able to keep a healthy stack, Cates was not so fortunate, busting out quite early. The two also shared the same table at yesterday's event, engaging in some friendly table talk on both occasions. If the poker community is still wondering whether there is tension between them regarding the unfinished Durrr Challenge, by the looks of it, they seemed to be getting along just fine.
It is no secret that Dwan is an avid supporter of Poker King Club. Dwan started attending their high stakes cash games over six years ago and continues to do so until today. Due to the camaraderie he's established with the Asian VIPs, they have become one of the most welcomed and invited pro to their big games. During their supposed “MIA” years, it is true, Dwan was hitting the felt in Macau, even hired a Mandarin teacher to learn how to speak the language.
However these days, Dwan spends most of their time hitting the poker green in Manila. This past summer, Dwan also hit the VIP tables in Montenegro playing the high stakes cash games and a lot of Six-plus Hold'em
KDE document reader Okular doesn't just read multiple document formats; it also allows you to add annotations to files as you read them. Note that to get this functionality, you need version 0.8, which is in Ubuntu Karmic, or Debian Squeeze (see my howto if you want to install this on a Lenny box).
If you've ever felt the need to scribble notes on your PDFs without bringing dead trees into the equation, consider the open-source software, Okular, a KDE document reader that can read multiple document formats and allows the user to annotate files as they read.
To bring up the reviews toolbar, go to Tools->Review. You'll see various highlighters, drawing, and note options down the left-hand side of the document window. Be warned that the inline text annotation option will hide anything underneath its box. Right-click an annotation for a context menu that allows you to delete it or add a pop-up note. You can view all annotations by clicking on the 'Reviews' tab on the far left of the Okular window.
There are a couple of limitations. There appears to be no way to hide annotations, which is a little irritating. Some PDFs may have DRM features, which mean that you can't make annotations -- although there is an option under Settings->Configure Okular to ignore DRM restrictions.
To share an annotated document with someone else, you'll need to export it as an Okular document archive from the File menu. The annotations aren't kept in the file, but in ~/.kde/share/apps/okular/docdata/ , so if you just email the PDF to someone else, the annotations will not go with it. The advantage of this is that if you want a clean copy of the PDF, you would just rename it or copy it, and the new copy will be annotation-free.
If you've ever felt the need to scribble notes on your PDFs without bringing dead trees into the equation, Okular is well worth a try.
Juliet Kemp has been messing around with Linux systems, for financial reward and otherwise, for about a decade.  They are also the author of "Linux System Administration Recipes: A Problem-Solution Approach" (Apress, 2009).
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
Share
Check out our review of the Apple iPhone 5S smartphone.
Apple's Touch ID lets you unlock your new iPhone 5S with more than just your fingerprint. All that's needed is something warm and fleshy.
As Japanese tech site Rocket News reports (via Mashable), one iPhone 5S user was able to successfully secure their iPhone 5S using another personalize body part: Their nipple. As the video below shows, an unregistered nipple failed to unlock the handset, just as a random fingerprint keeps out snoops.
Last week, TechCrunch proved in a separate video that it is possible to use a cat's paw to secure an iPhone 5S using Touch ID. All you have to do is register the paw with the device, just as you would a fingerprint. Because this is the Internet, we know you want to see the cat, so here's that video, too:
Setting up a fingerprint (or other body part) with Touch ID requires the user to hold their finger on the Home button, under which the Touch ID sensor is located, multiple times until the device has successfully created a detailed image of the print. The setup typically takes less than a minute to complete. But if the user moves the finger too much, setup can fail.
Apple allows user to register up to five separate prints, which can then be used to unlock the device, or to authorize purchases through iTunes. Once a print is registered, Touch ID allows the person three tries with the fingerprint sensor before it prompts the user to input a 4-digit pin instead.
Lastly, I went with the most secure body part I could think of – and all I will say is that I had to take off my pants.
Now that finger alternatives are a thing, I wanted to test the limits of what Touch ID will allow. Based on my experiments, I found that knuckles will work – though it is much more difficult to register a knuckle than it is a fingerprint. I failed multiple times before getting that to work. Once it was registered, however, the knuckle did not prove an easy alternative to a fingerprint – I couldn't get it to unlock my device, after multiple attempts.
Elbows failed entirely – it was simply too difficult to hold my elbow on the Home button accurately enough to register it as a biometric key. I'm sure it could be done with some assistance, but this was even worse than the knuckle.
Lastly, I went with the most secure body part I could think of – and all I will say is that I had to take off my pants. Unlike the knuckle and elbow, however, registering my nether region was a breeze. (It was quite chilly, in fact.) And not only did I successfully register this private part with relative ease, I was also able to use it to unlock the device. I think you can understand why there isn't a video of this one.
Of course, using your junk to secure your iPhone isn't just gross and absurd, it's also impractical – you won't be able to unlock your handset in public without drawing some unwanted attention, for example. But given that you leave your fingerprints everywhere, and that hackers have already broken through Touch ID's defenses using a photocopy of a fingerprint and some wood glue, your manhood may be the most secure option you have.
Now, excuse me. I have to go buy some Purell.
Goran Dragic and the Houston Rockets appear likely to part ways. (Bill Baptist/Getty Images)
The Houston Rockets and 26-year-old point guard Goran Dragic were "far apart" on terms of a new deal on Monday, ESPN's Marc Stein reported.
After the Rockets originally expected a quick deal, they now appear likely to lose Dragic — one source close to the process told Stein that a deal was "not going to happen." Dragic will now move on to visit the Phoenix Suns, the team that traded them to the Rockets at the 2011 deadline.
SI's Sam Amick reported earlier Monday that a number of teams were interested in Dragic. From Amick's report:
A source close to free-agent point guard Goran Dragic said the Raptors, Suns, Nets, Hornets, Lakers and Rockets have all expressed interest. The Rockets, for whom Dragic shined in the second half of last season, are said to be coming on the strongest. But Dragic, according to the source, has a serious interest in being part of a winning team and will consider that factor as much as the money. The source made it clear, however, that Dragic expects to be a starter for whichever team they join.
Stein reported that Dragic is looking for an average salary of at least $10 million per year and that they want to be a starter.
Century Media Brings Catalog Back To Spotify
Century Media Records and its associated labels InsideOut Music, Superball Music, and People Like You Records are pleased to announce that their entire repertoire is now available on Spotify.
"Spotify offers great tools to discover new artists. We feel that this is essential for our promising newcomers. In that respect, Spotify gives those artists a very good forum," states Antje Lange, general manager Europe.
After the initial decision to pull the Century Media catalog from Spotify, label execs were impressed by the resulting debate, especially the messages and comments by the thousands of fans who weighed in on the issue. Fan sentiment and continued discussions with Spotify have resulted in the label reversing its initial decision.
"We respect that music fans wanted to have instant access to our catalog via Spotify," states President of North America Don Robertson. "But we also have to consider the rights of our artists. After practicing some due diligence, we're moving ahead confident that both the artist and the fan are being fairly served by this developing platform."
Steve Savoca, Head of Content at Spotify, adds: "Spotify's global growth provides a powerful platform for artists to connect directly with our hugely passionate audience. The return of Century Media's fantastic catalog is cranking metal music to our ears."
Thomas Waber, President of Superball and InsideOut Music sums it up: "We are looking forward to our fans being able to access our music again through the premium streaming service in the world. Hopefully they will discover great new music as a result!"
Hackers last year made more than 90 billion cyber intrusion attempts against the Commonwealth, according to a state official. As a security precaution the state is withholding information on the number of attempts against specific applications.
Wanda Murren, press secretary for the state Department of State, said that such disclosure could potentially provide useful information to hackers and draw attention to the application, resulting in even more intrusion attempts.
"As for our efforts to guard against hacking, like other mission-critical systems and data, Pennsylvania protects its voter registration system with a cybersecurity program based upon industry best practices and careful protection," Murren explained in an email to PennLive.
The 90 billion figure applies to all computer systems and applications in use by all Commonwealth agencies and offices. But the accounting comes as local and state election systems across the country remain under scrutiny amid reports that scores of them were compromised during the election.
The state Department of State declined to provide specific numbers on intrusion attempts against Pennsylvania's voter registration system.
The Hill last week reported that hackers had made nearly 150,000 attempts to break into South Carolina's voter registration system on Election Day 2016. The Hill's report was based on information from South Carolina's election commission.
Pennsylvania election officials have no evidence of Election Day interference -- from Russia or elsewhere -- with the state's voting system, which include about 25,000 voting machines.
According to the Department of Homeland Security, Russian hackers targeted 21 U.S. states' election systems in last year's presidential race. News media reports have suggested the number could have been more extensive. In at least one case, hackers made a successful attempt to alter voter information, Time reported in June. Thousands of voter records containing private information, including Social Security numbers, were stolen, Time reported.
The hacking integrity of states election systems remain under review across the country amid a probe that President Trump's campaign had ties to Russia propaganda efforts.
Officials have not identified specific states targeted; nor do they have evidence that any actual votes were manipulated.
Murren said Pennsylvania has implemented policies, technologies, practices and procedures to safeguard data and protect applications, systems and resources. The state Chief Information Security Officer works closely with federal counterparts at the Department of Homeland Security, they added.
"We constantly monitor our data and systems for vulnerabilities and attempted attacks in order to keep pace with the rapidly evolving threat landscape," they said.
Cyber intrusion attacks run the gamut and may include passive attacks, meaning information is monitored (such as eavesdropping), or active, meaning information is altered, corrupted or destroyed.
In the run-up to last fall's election, Pennsylvania was the first state to take advantage of Homeland Security's offer to do vulnerability testing and scanning, Murren said. That assessment gave the Commonwealth high grades overall. Some minor changes that were recommended were put in place.
State officials also work closely with county election offices to develop and implement best practices, Murren added.
The state Department of State, which oversees elections, issued a directive to counties in 2016 reiterating good cyber-hygiene practices for elections.
Pennsylvania is considered one of the states most susceptible to hacking because 96 percent of its voting machines store votes electronically. Still, state officials consider the state immune from hacking because its voting machines and tabulating systems aren't connected to the internet.
Editor's Note: This story has been clarified to underscore that the number represents hacking attempts across all state systems and applications. The Department of State declined to provide specific numbers on intrusions against voting systems.
Splitter and the second or paternal family name is Beims. This name uses Portuguese naming customs . The first or maternal family name isand the second or paternal family name is
Tiago Splitter Beims (born January 1, 1985)[1] is a Brazilian former professional basketball player who played seven seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).  They are currently serving as a pro scout for the Brooklyn Nets. A three-time All-EuroLeague Team selection prior to their NBA career, they became the first Brazilian-born player to win an NBA championship in 2014, as a member of the San Antonio Spurs.
Professional career [ edit ]
Brazil and Spain (1999–2010) [ edit ]
Splitter began their professional career in 1999. In 2000, they began to play in the Spanish Liga ACB. In 2004, Splitter became a naturalised citizen of Spain.[2] Splitter was named the MVP of the Spanish Supercup tournament in both 2006 and 2007. They were also named to the All-EuroLeague First Team for the EuroLeague 2007–08 season, after leading Saski Baskonia to the 2008 EuroLeague Final Four. The following year, Splitter reached the EuroLeague 2008–09 season playoffs but failed to make another EuroLeague Final Four participation. Their performances earned them a spot on the 2008–09 All-EuroLeague Second Team nevertheless. Splitter was named the Spanish League MVP in 2010.[3]
Splitter was expected to declare for the 2006 NBA Draft, but because the expensive buyout of their contract discouraged NBA teams with high draft picks from drafting him, they remained in the Spanish ACB League for that season. Splitter was automatically eligible for the 2007 NBA Draft, as they were at least 22 years of age at the time of the draft. They were selected in the first round, with the 28th draft pick overall, by the San Antonio Spurs.
On May 28, 2008, ESPN Brazil reported that Splitter re-signed on a two-year contract with Saski Baskonia, that would keep them in the Spanish ACB League through the 2009–10 NBA season. The contract allowed the Brazilian to make 8 times more than the NBA rookie scale salary cap would have allowed them to make with the San Antonio Spurs.[4] On June 7, 2008, the San Antonio Express-News reported that Spurs General Manager R.C. Buford stated that Splitter had informed the team that they would not be coming to San Antonio for the 2008–09 NBA season.
Splitter had instead signed an extension with Saski Baskonia that would keep them in the Spanish ACB League through 2010.[5] It was announced on July 9, 2010, that Splitter had opted out of their contract with Saski Baskonia to sign in the NBA with the San Antonio Spurs.[6]
San Antonio Spurs (2010–2015) [ edit ]
On July 12, 2010, Splitter signed a contract with the San Antonio Spurs.[7] The deal was believed to be worth $11 million over 3 years.
They earned their first start of their NBA career on March 19, against the Charlotte Bobcats, in place of Tim Duncan, who had gotten injured.
Splitter on the bench in 2012
On February 8, 2012, Splitter and teammate Kawhi Leonard, were selected to play in the 2012 Rising Stars Challenge. On February 17, it was revealed that both Splitter and Leonard would be teammates for Team Chuck. However, due to an injury, they were released from Team Chuck and was replaced by Derrick Favors.
On May 29, 2012, in Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals, Oklahoma City Thunder coach Scott Brooks attempted to slow San Antonio's offense through continual the fouling of Splitter, sending them to the free throw line with the "Hack-a-Shaq" strategy.
They played their most productive season with the Spurs in 2012–13 NBA season, averaging 10.3 points and 6.4 rebounds per game, while playing all but the final game of the regular season. They started 58 games, as the Spurs finished the West in the two-seed behind the Oklahoma City Thunder. The Spurs would advance to the 2013 NBA Finals, only to lose to the Miami Heat in seven games, as Miami won their second straight championship.
On July 13, 2013, they re-signed with the Spurs.[8] On June 15, 2014, Splitter won their first NBA championship, after the Spurs defeated the Miami Heat, 4 games to 1 in the 2014 NBA Finals.
After missing the first 20 out of 21 games of the 2014–15 season with a back injury, Splitter played out the rest of the season, until missing the final six games of the regular season, with a calf injury. They returned for the playoffs, but the Spurs were knocked out in the first round by the Los Angeles Clippers in seven games.[9][10]
Atlanta Hawks (2015–2017) [ edit ]
On July 9, 2015, Splitter was traded to the Atlanta Hawks, in exchange for the draft rights to Georgios Printezis and a future second-round pick.[11] On February 16, 2016, they were ruled out for the rest of the season, after electing to have surgery to repair their right hip.[12]
On October 11, 2016, Splitter was ruled out for four weeks with a grade 2 hamstring strain.[13] They were ruled out for a further six weeks, on November 26, after an MRI exam revealed a grade 2 right calf strain.[14]
Philadelphia 76ers (2017) [ edit ]
On February 22, 2017, Splitter was traded, along with a second-round pick, to the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for Ersan İlyasova.[15] On March 21, 2017, they were assigned to the Delaware 87ers, the 76ers' D-League affiliate.[16] They were recalled six days later.[17] On March 28, 2017, they made their debut for the 76ers, recording two points and three rebounds in seven minutes in a 106–101 win over the Brooklyn Nets. Splitter, who had been nursing a right calf injury, entered late in the first quarter for their first game since January 31, 2016 while with the Atlanta Hawks before undergoing hip surgery.[18][19]
Retirement [ edit ]
On February 19, 2018, Splitter announced their retirement from basketball due to a hip injury that had hindered the back-end of their career.[20][21]
Post-playing career [ edit ]
On April 24, 2018, Splitter was hired by the Brooklyn Nets as a pro scout, with added duties related to player on-court development.[22]
National team career [ edit ]
Splitter won gold medals with the senior Brazilian national basketball team at the 2003 FIBA South American Championship, the 2003 Pan American Games, the 2005 FIBA AmeriCup, the 2009 FIBA AmeriCup, and the 2011 FIBA AmeriCup. They also played at the 2002 FIBA World Cup, the 2006 FIBA World Cup, the 2010 FIBA World Cup, the 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2014 FIBA World Cup.[23]
Personal life [ edit ]
Splitter is the son of Cassio and Elisabeth Splitter. They were raised a Christian despite their father being of Jewish descent.[24] In 2009, Splitter's sister Michelle,[25] also a basketball player, died of leukemia at the age of 19.[26][27] In 2017, Splitter married wife Fernanda.[28]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Legend GP Games played GS Games started MPG Minutes per game FG% Field-goal percentage 3P% 3-point field-goal percentage FT% Free-throw percentage RPG Rebounds per game APG Assists per game SPG Steals per game BPG Blocks per game PPG Points per game PIR Performance Index Rating Bold Career high
Note: The EuroLeague is not the only competition in which the player participated for the team during the season. They also played in domestic competition, and regional competition if applicable.
EuroLeague [ edit ]
Year Team GP GS MPG FG% 3P% FT% RPG APG SPG BPG PPG PIR 2003–04 Tau Cerámica 16 1 11.2 .619 .000 .632 2.4 .3 .4 .3 4.0 3.9 2004–05 Tau Cerámica 19 2 17.8 .533 .000 .487 4.5 .9 .7 .7 7.0 7.6 2005–06 Tau Cerámica 24 11 21.6 .599 .000 .547 4.6 .6 1.3 .5 9.5 10.8 2006–07 Tau Cerámica 20 12 24.7 .580 .000 .529 6.0 .8 1.4 .3 10.7 13.2 2007–08 Tau Cerámica 25 13 22.5 .618 .000 .645 5.0 1.1 1.0 .8 14.0 16.1 2008–09 Tau Cerámica 17 12 24.7 .655 .000 .602 5.4 1.6 .6 1.6 14.0 17.8 2009–10 Caja Laboral 16 14 26.7 .535 .000 .636 5.4 1.8 .8 .5 13.0 15.8 Career 137 65 21.5 .593 .000 .582 4.8 1.0 .9 .7 10.5 12.3
† Denotes season in which Splitter won an NBA Championship
NBA regular season [ edit ]
NBA playoffs [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Nick Xenophon slams sporting code action against Government's proposed gambling advertising reform
Updated
Pleas from Australia's major sporting codes to prevent the Government from restricting in-match gambling advertising have been met with scorn by South Australian senator Nick Xenophon.
Cabinet is poised to limit the times when gambling ads can be broadcast on both free-to-air and pay TV, the ABC has revealed, but the AFL and NRL are fighting back, arguing betting agency sponsorship, and the lucrative broadcast deals it attracts, is needed to fund investment at the grassroots.
"I mean really … cry me a river," Senator Xenophon said, rejecting the codes' argument.
"I don't have a violin small enough to play for these sporting codes and the arguments they're spruiking.
"How about they consider the impact of their greed to 'get into bed' with online betting agencies and actually consider the impact it's had on their fans — an increasing number of whom have fallen by the wayside because of gambling addiction.
"The sporting codes really need to acknowledge they've become incredibly commercialised and corporatised in the last 20 years, they've become increasingly dependent on gambling revenue, and they've become quite greedy about it.
"When you look at the salary packages paid to the executives of these codes, it puts into perspective their community arguments and they need to think about their fans."
Several weeks ago the Nick Xenophon Team (NXT) proposed a bill seeking to ban gambling ads, but it was rebuffed by the Senate Estimates committee.
Preventing early childhood exposure
Gambling researcher Dr Charles Livingstone said the revenue from direct sponsorship from agencies — $60 million for the NRL over five years and an estimated $10 million for the AFL — could easily be found elsewhere.
They also rejected the argument from the codes that the current deals with betting agencies were needed to ensure they get the data required from such companies to help monitor gambling patterns.
"You don't have to have a commercial relationship in order for the bookmakers to divulge patterns that they regard as suspicious," they said.
"They already do that in many cases with organisations with which they don't have a commercial relationship.
"Only one or two of the bookies sponsor every code, but they will share data as necessary to make sure a sport's integrity is maintained.
"It's as much in the bookies' interest as it is in the sporting codes' interest to make sure they're not getting ripped off."
Dr Livingstone said a ban on in-match ads would make a big difference for the next generation.
"It will stop that exposure at a young age, to young people [watching the matches] and will almost certainly lead to a lower rate of gambling problems among that group in the future."
Both the AFL and NRL declined to comment at this stage.
Topics: sport, gambling, government-and-politics, federal-government, nrl, australian-football-league, australia
First posted
ESL revealed that the two remaining spots at ESL One New York will be handed out via two closed qualifiers, one in Europe and one in North America.
The event taking place in New York, USA from September 30th to October 2nd will feature a $250,000 prize pool and will play host to eight teams.
Six of these teams have already been announced as ESL invited SK, Virtus.pro, Natus Vincere, Liquid, G2, and fnatic directly to the Barclays Center which was chosen as the venue for the tournament.
pronax' GODSENT will be taking part in the EU qualifier
ESL have now invited sixteen teams to the closed qualifiers which will feature teams such as mousesports, GODSENT, and Astralis in Europe and the likes of Cloud9, and Immortals in North America.
The squads who manage to win their regional qualifier will book their tickets to $250,000 event. The European competition will take place on September 4th while the date for the North American one has not been set yet.
The bracket for the European qualifier can be found below:
The bracket for the North American qualifier is:
BenjaCS is a staff writer at HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter.
Working for the UN begins with idealism but can end in cynicism. For one former employee, it became all about maintaining the status quo
You have just received your first UN job. Congratulations! Granted, the whole recruitment process took 284 days, what with the written test your best friend could have taken in your place and the telephone interview your mother could have passed. And sure, nobody ever checked your references or titles, and you were asked – just when you had lost all hope – to deploy within a week. To the desert.
Still. Doped with the accumulation of indispensable but last-minute vaccinations your GP seriously advised against – yellow fever, cholera, tetanus and bad temper, to name but a few – and armed with the air ticket emailed to you barely two hours before departure time, you are ready to start the greatest adventure of your life.
Suddenly, there you are: wearing a UN T-shirt, armed with your belief in UN principles and a notebook, and braving occasional shelling under a blistering sun. You courageously and systematically patrol your area of responsibility, recording armed movements, humanitarian tragedies and, from time to time, human rights violations. You go where angels and most other people fear to tread. Largely due to the liberal spreading of landmines by rebels and government troops.
Sometimes, you can't help but wonder whether a little more training – about your role, about the situation in the country – would have helped. Those three days in the capital during which you were warned about hippopotamus mating habits and local liquor suddenly feel insufficient.
What's the point of peacekeepers when they don't keep the peace? Read more
You also wonder how you are supposed to cope, psychologically, with moving from a quiet village where cow fights made news headlines to counting dead bodies and stemming your driver's gunshot wound after they decided to speed through an ominous looking checkpoint.
You also start to doubt the seriousness of certain colleagues, not least your head of office back in the capital. The reports you submit are not greeted with a response. Unless you fail to send one, of course, in which case you are immediately and seriously reprimanded. Consequently, your warnings about impending war are left unheeded until the day you are evacuated, at two hours' notice, because rebels are knocking at the governor's door with heavy artillery.
Later, temporarily stationed in the capital, you start to understand how things actually work. No wonder your reports never elicited action. Politics, you realise, are way more important than the occasional collateral damage, like the 10 men who disappeared from a prison and were later found dead with clear signs of torture.
Through the years, you'll encounter a similar set-up during assorted field missions; how many would seem to be inversely proportional to your intelligence and professional ethics. Then, one bright day, you are called to share your accumulated experience: a cushy job at headquarters is yours.
Now, you tell yourself, now – finally! – you will be able to make a difference. Here is your chance to change the systems that prevented you from having the impact in the field that you knew was possible. Now you'll show those timid paper-pushers what field people are really made of, those who have faced death and maiming, terrorist attacks, humanitarian vendettas, post-traumatic stress disorder, soul-tearing solitude and incipient alcoholism. You won't rest until reform and restructuring have created the organisation of your dreams.
Then you discover Real Life. You have an office. Not a tent, not a container – an actual office, with a working telephone and a computer and a rocking internet connection. Your Armani-dressed colleagues stroll in, coffee in hand, at quarter to 10; glancing at the pile on your desk, indicating you have been hard at work for at least two hours, they look at you with undisguised contempt. There is nothing urgent to do, everything can wait – because it is only paper.
There are no anxious families sat just outside your door, waiting to hear about their kidnapped son. No starving faces pressed against your car window as you drive through a camp. No crying widows, fathers, mothers, begging for a minute of your attention. You don't need to work weekends, because nobody does and to do so would set a bad precedent. You are expected, even pressed, to take leave.
What's more, you can marry and have children. After years of three- to six-month contracts, you have a well-paid, two-year deal. Health insurance. Pension contribution. Education grant for your kids. Rental subsidy. Dependency benefits. Regular salary increases.
You can even walk down the street without fearing for your life, or drive off for a weekend break without a map of the 10 most probable sites for hijackings ending with murder stuck to the steering wheel.
With this golden web delicately spun around you, suddenly you realise how wonderful life can be. And how desperately fragile. Push too hard, you are made to understand, and you can be cast out of heaven. Remember that guy who insisted on addressing issues of sexual abuse by western peacekeepers? Rumour has it they were found guilty of misuse of UN copy paper, demoted to a P2 post and shipped off to a previously non-existent duty station in the middle of a tropical jungle. He's lucky they still have a job.
'Not perfect, but it is effective': UN from the point of view of its staff Read more
Slowly, you learn the meaning of fear. Should you make your boss notice the mistake in the list of your department's results? Should you speak on the phone with an external counterpart about claims of corruption within the organisation? Should you show up at the farewell party of someone your bosses dislike?
Because you know that if you do, they will know; the people up there, the all-powerful, enshrined in their aura of success and might, those who hold your future in their hands. They can disapprove of you, they can start rumours about you, they can sideline you. Eventually, they can send you back where you came from – a fate you suddenly cannot face, whether it is a field mission or the real world, where there are few jobs, ones for which you are clearly not qualified any longer (if you ever were).
Where would you be then? Without privileges, that's where. Without business access to airport lounges, diplomatic passports, tax-free shopping. No more supercilious look in your eyes as you are wafted through waiting lines by protocol, no more affecting an apologetic air as a prime minister lets their people wait while they hush you into their office, pumping your hand. What would be left of the that you've grown to love?
So you shut up. You go along with the mistakes, the unethical behaviour, the unprofessional performances. You hunker down, keep a low profile unless safe to do otherwise, and never utter the word “problem”. Because there are no problems in the UN – you know that now – only challenges.
Something hardens inside you as you rise through the ranks. You learn to look straight ahead, ignoring anything that could jeopardise your position and standing.
You learn to recruit people who will not threaten you: the mediocre, those who soon wise up to the rules of the game. Occasionally, you allow yourself the luxury of an original thinker, someone capable of shaking things up the little that is needed to make a couple of the older bosses fall out of their places, allowing you to get a higher post. Sometimes you pick on someone who is stepping out of line, who thinks things can be done differently – better – and make an example of them Because you can. You're a fear-maker, now. Unaccountable.
And you realise there was a higher plan all along: maintaining the status quo. It's just you weren't among the powerful ones who knew about it. But you are now, and nobody is going to move you off. There's no retirement age for bosses at the UN, you know.
Head-to-toe gray? Out. Ankle-length skirts? Over. Those Fendi baguette handbags? Buh-bye. They're so 20th century. Below, how stars will dress in Y2K:
RED-CARPET COUTURE Listen up, Joan Rivers. Expect actores to embrace these fashion B's: baby blue, bustiers, and bare essentials. Celeb stylist Philip Bloch predicts a big bustier blowout: ”Girls… want to feel secure on top and flowy on the bottom.” Watch for pale blue to become the new pink. And to balance all this free-flowing femininity, there will be slits up to there. ”Legs are really big,” says Bloch. Clearly Courtney Love's already gotten the message…. IN THE LOOP Everyone from Prince William to comeback king Carlos Santana is clamoring for Killer Loop — a new line of urban, edgy eyewear…. COWHIDE HIP Leather and suede are becoming all-season gear — especially in white, camel, lavender, or pink. Gold lame is ”the perfect spring replacement for the pony skirt from fall,” says Jeffrey Kalinsky, owner of upscale retailer Jeffrey New York and Atlanta…. DENIM REDUX From dungarees to dresses, denim is the fabric du '00 among designers, including John Galliano for Christian Dior. They outfitted Foxy Brown in head-to-toe cowgirl for the opening of Dior's New York flagship…. TWINKLE, TWINKLE Glittery face powder is all the rage in London. Now Stila's IPF (illuminating power foundation) will get an evening workout by Cameron Diaz and Natalie Portman, who are planning to wear it to the Golden Globes…. IN THE TRENCHES Old-school trench coats are being refashioned by Louis Vuitton, Yves Saint Laurent, and Marc Jacobs. Stylist Stefan Campbell calls Vuitton's $1,300 version ”a family heirloom.”
SEAL BEACH – Sex offenders will be banned from this town's beaches, parks, jetties, pier and the adjacent parking lots under a new law given initial approval Monday night.
“We're sticking up for the kids,” said Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas, urging the City Council to approve the ban that is modeled on a similar county law.
The Seal Beach City Council voted 5-0, without any discussion, to approve the law.
(On Monday, Cypress relegates registered sex offenders to a particular part of the city.)
If adopted at the next meeting, Seal Beach would join a growing number of Orange County cities that have created similar laws targeting sexual predators. They include Huntington Beach, Irvine, La Habra, Laguna Hills, Lake Forest, Los Alamitos, Mission Viejo, Rancho Santa Margarita, Westminster, Yorba Linda and the county itself.
Fullerton was the first city in Orange County to bar sex offenders from loitering within 300 feet of parks, schools and daycare centers. County Supervisor Shawn Nelson and Rackauckas last April crafted the county law barring registered sex offenders from county parks, harbors, historic sites and beaches. Some of the city ordinances are modeled after the county's law but vary from it. Irvine, for example, passed a narrower version focusing on offenders who victimize minors.
The laws have been criticized as overly broad, unconstitutional and difficult to enforce.
In Seal Beach, there are 10 registered sex offenders, according to a staff report. Seven of the 10 live in the retired senior community of Leisure World, one lives in College Park East neighborhood and another one lives in the Hill neighborhood, north of PCH. The 10th offender is registered in the Oakwood Apartments but they no longer resides there, according to the staff report.
Called a “child safety zone,” the new law would make it a misdemeanor for registered sex offenders to enter recreational areas where children gather. A first conviction would lead to a maximum of six months in jail or a fine up to $500 or both.
California has a number of measures to protect children from sexual predators, who are required to register their addresses with law enforcement.
The laws include: Jessica's Law, a 2006 voter-approved act that requires, among other things, all registered felony sex offenders to be monitored by a GPS device while on parole and bans them from residing within 2,000 feet of any school or park where children regularly gather; Senate Bill 1128, a 2006 law that prohibits sex offenders from entering school grounds without written permission; Chelsea's Law, a 2010 law that includes increases in penalties, parole provisions and oversight for offenders who have attacked children.
The general public can access a sex offender database, with the addresses of registered sex offenders, at meganslaw.ca.gov.
Contact the writer: rkopetman@ocregister.com
Hearing about unexpected things, people used to say, "How do they think up these things? There must be something in the water…."
The Digital Trends web site, among others (see video), reports that a scientist has devised a way to make meat, of a sort, from feces:
Mitsuyuki Ikeda, a researcher from the Okayama Laboratory, has developed steaks based on proteins from human excrement. Tokyo Sewage approached the scientist because of an overabundance of sewage mud. They asked them to explore the possible uses of the sewage and Ikeda found that the mud contained a great deal of protein because of all the bacteria. The researchers then extracted those proteins, combined them with a reaction enhancer and put it in an exploder which created the artificial steak. The "meat" is 63% proteins, 25% carbohydrates, 3% lipids and 9% minerals. The researchers color the poop meat red with food coloring and enhance the flavor with soy protein. Initial tests have people saying it even tastes like beef.
Advertisement
We somewhat eagerly (and somewhat not) await confirmation of this.
The new development follows, in its way, the pioneering work of Mayu Yamamoto of the International Medical Center of Japan, who developed a way to extract vanillin - vanilla fragrance and flavoring - from cow dung. Yamamoto was awarded the 2007 Ig Nobel Prize in chemistry.
(Thanks to investigators Bruce Gellerman and Ron Josephson for bringing this to our attention.)
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Improbable Research.
The Winnie Ruth Judd “murder house” is safe.
Locals assumed the notorious house, where Winnie Ruth Judd murdered their two best friends in October of 1931, was about to be demolished after it was recently surrounded by chain link fencing.
Purchased last year by Phoenix attorney Robert Warnicke, the duplex at the corner of Second Street and Catalina Drive is not only out of harm's way, it's being looked after by someone with an eye toward preserving and restoring the infamous building.
Continue Reading
Warnicke doesn't want to talk to the press about their plans for the building, saying in an e-mail, “I am still in the dazed and confused state of having saved something significant, but having little idea about what it is going to entail.”
The “it” Warnicke is referring to, according to one source, is returning the duplex to its original state. “He wants to preserve it,” says realtor and City of Phoenix Historic Preservation member Sherry Rampy. “And they plan to undo some of the alterations that have been made to the duplex over the years.”
A sign posted on the Winnie Ruth Judd "murder house" marked it as a structure not to be demolished. Sherry Rampy
That's good news for preservationists and Winnie Ruth Judd aficionados, who worried that the duplex—one of very few houses left on the commercially zoned block — was slated for demo.
“I feel like this house is in good hands,” Rampy says. “Warnicke will be a good caretaker of the property.”
The attorney plans to use the building as their law office, Rampy reports. They say Warnicke also has plans to protect the “murder cottage,” as it's become known. “He's got someone from the state Historic Preservation office review committee looking into an historic designation application on the building. So, not only is Robert Warnicke preserving the house, he's actually trying to legally protect it for the future.”?
The duplex has been a residential rental since its construction in the 1920s, and was among many properties owned by O'Malley's local lumberman Jack Halloran, Judd's married boyfriend at the time of the murders. Original fixtures survive in both sides of the duplex; among them are the bathtub where Ruth may or may not have vivisected one of their victims before packing them in a shipping trunk; the original oak floors, and the fireplace mantles and light fixtures from the original decor.
The original mailbox was recently torn from the front porch, most likely by a Ruth Judd fan.
BOSTON (CBS) – Thieves have a new target. The number of bike thefts is soaring across the state.
Surveillance video from the MBTA shows how brazen these crooks have become. One clip shows a young man not only stealing a bike, but also taking parts from other bikes. All of this takes place at the Forest Hills station in the middle of the day.
Thefts in Brookline are up 40% year to date, according to Lieutenant Phil Harrington.
Thieves are becoming more brazen. ‘They are walking into people's back yards. They are taking them out of garages. They are also going up to front porches,” explained Harrington.
The I-Team found thefts up 33% in Somerville and 13% in Cambridge so far this year.
Julia Featheringill was stunned when their $500 bike was ripped off in Cambridge. It happened at three o'clock in the afternoon. “I almost couldn't believe it,” they say, “and then my sort of daze turned into anger.”
William Raymund learned a hard lesson about locking their bike to a wooden railing on their back porch in Mission Hill. It was stolen in the middle of the night.
“To know that somebody came onto your personal property, violated your personal space can be emotionally challenging,” explained Raymund.
The I-Team found case after case of bikes being stolen across the region. Two weeks ago a bike was stolen on Beacon Hill. Just hours after the police report was filed, that bike was found for sale on Craigslist.
But this trend isn't just about reselling hot bikes.
“Some people are just stealing them for scrap, because scrap metal prices are extremely high right now,” said Deputy Chief Robert Lenehan of the MBTA police.
With increased surveillance and suspects in mind, the T police is cracking down on bike thieves. They want to not only protect commuters, but they also realize stolen bikes can be used to commit other crimes.
For example, Lenehan said thieves, “would set out for the day when they wanted to steal handbags, and they would steal a bike as a getaway.”
In Brookline, police have trailers filled with abandoned bikes. They believe gangs are stealing everything they can find in a neighborhood, and then dumping the ones that don't meet their standards.
“The last two instances where we have had arrests actually involved groups,” added Harrington.
Police suggest bikers use a U-Lock, and not one made of cable. The latter can easily be cut with a cheap tool.
They also say bikers should register their bikes. That way police have a way to reunite them with their bike if it is found.
Police tell the I-Team they believe there are many more cases of theft than they know about. Stolen bikes are often not reported because there are no insurance claims to be filed.
When Google(s goog) offered a series of concessions in order to settle its search-related antitrust investigation in Europe, some of those whose complaints had kicked off the whole affair were quick to dismiss Google's proposals. And now it looks like the European Commission itself will also tell the U.S. firm to go back to the drawing board.
Google is accused of surreptitiously favoring its own services in its search results, locking advertisers onto its platform and scraping content from rival, subject-specific search engines. To settle the Commission's investigation, it proposed labelling links to its own services, letting websites opt out of having their content show up in Google's specialized search, and taking some of the lock-in out of its ad contracts.
Advertisement
On Tuesday, according to a Reuters report, EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia told European parliamentarians that it was a near-certainty that Google would have to revise its proposals. Referring to the extended period that Google's rivals have been given to formally respond to the proposals, they said: “After, we will analyze the responses we have received, we will ask Google, probably, I cannot anticipate this formally, almost 100 percent we will ask Google: you should improve your proposals.”
When those proposals were formally revealed in March, Foundem – a British vertical search and comparison site that's part of Microsoft(s msft)'s anti-Google FairSearch organization – was quick to issue a comprehensive counter-argument (PDF warning). This more-or-less came down to Foundem saying Google's proposals wouldn't change the alleged inherent bias in its search rankings.
The European consumer protection organization BEUC also noted that the proposed concessions wouldn't stop Google from manipulating its natural search results. In the U.S., by the way, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) cleared Google of so-called “search bias”.
The European Commission had originally set a deadline of May 26 for responses to Google's concessions. That has been pushed back to June 27. Apart from giving a pretty clear characterization of the responses the Commission has already received, Almunia said on Tuesday that they had not yet decided whether to press on with a formal antitrust investigation over Android — an investigation that was again called for by FairSearch.
A group called Lesbians and Gays Support the Migrants (LGSMigrants) held a “surprise creative action” protest outside the Home Office today, to call for open borders.
LGSMigrants describe themselves “a group of queer activists” who “creatively challenge the right-wing media narrative around migrants and to stand in solidarity with migrants entering the UK”.
Their logo features the phrase “Borders = Death” and their hashtag is “#NoBordersNoBigots”.
They chose the Home office for their ‘performance protest' as they see it as a, “symbol of the UK's border enforcement” and held banners which read, “Lesbians and Gays supports the migrants”, and, “Hola Migrants, Adios Borders”.
The protest was held on the same spot as last night's disastrous 15-person-strong protests against the “racist” Nigel Farage. Some protestors today wore Nigel Farage, Boris Johnson and David Cameron masks.
The “creative” aspect of the demonstration appeared to consist of taking turns to write messages on a cardboard wall. One protester wrote, “no human is illegal”, another penned, “Farage and UKIP, we will sh*t on you”. They then “tore down” the wall to represent tearing down borders and the state.
Tearing down our home office wall #nobordersnobigots pic.twitter.com/MZu8uWfpRB — Lesbians and Gays Support the Migrants (@lgsmigrants) November 21, 2015
One man dressed up a Theresa May and gave a “racist” speech.
It's Theresa May! pic.twitter.com/wvQzynFL5p — Lesbians and Gays Support the Migrants (@lgsmigrants) November 21, 2015
“We are here became of what they are doing in our countries so we have the right to stay here”, said one migrant speaker. “Refugees have the right! Here to stay here to fight!” added another.
The group claims that, “the LGBTQIA+ community has a proud tradition of standing in solidarity with other marginalised groups” and “as queer people we have experience of being demonised and deemed illegal by the state and the media.”
“Let's show the strength of our queer communities to stand against xenophobia and racism!” they wrote on the Facbook event page.
Their name is a deliberate reference to Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners, a group of activists who formed to support striking miners in the 1980s.
(Pictures property of Breitbart London and Rachel Megawhat)
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei said on Wednesday global banking giant HSBC Holdings Plc refused to open a personal bank account for them in Hong Kong for what they assumed were political reasons, a conjecture the bank dismissed.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei poses in downtown Hong Kong, China April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Venus Wu
The burly, bearded artist, who was in the financial hub for three days to visit their exhibition, said they did not try to open accounts at other banks, but that they had no difficulty in the past when they opened a bank account in Beijing.
Ai, arguably one of the world's most high-profile contemporary artists and a well-known critic of China, said an HSBC staff member told them they had provided all the necessary documents, but still rejected their application.
“I was surprised, I asked them why, they said it was for commercial reasons,” Ai told Reuters. “He said you just can't open an account here ... It's very hard to imagine it's not due to a political reason. But I have no evidence,” they added.
Confidentiality concerns did not allow HSBC to discuss individual cases, the bank said in a written reply to Reuters.
“However, HSBC does not decline to open bank accounts because of individuals' political views,” it said.
HSBC is among many banks in the region to have stepped up oversight of bank accounts to help guard against money laundering and terrorist financing.
Hong Kong leader-elect Carrie Lam has previously acknowledged the difficulties some foreigners and overseas businesses face in opening bank accounts there.
Ai described their dealings with HSBC on social media, prompting criticism of the bank and renewed debate over whether big corporations in Hong Kong are wary of offending China.
The former British colony, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997, has experienced a tumultuous few years, with pro-democracy protests quelled in what many residents view as creeping interference by Beijing in its affairs.
In 2015, toymaker Lego refused a bulk order of toy bricks by the artist because it would not endorse their use in projects with “a political agenda.” It later backed down, saying it would no longer ask customers their plans for the product.
Ai, who helped design Beijing's “Bird's Nest” stadium for the 2008 Olympics, lost favor with the Chinese government when they began campaigning for justice for children crushed to death by shoddily constructed buildings in an earthquake that year.
Since leaving China in the summer of 2015, the prominent advocate for human rights has been based largely in the German capital of Berlin.
Image via Scout
From a strict football standpoint, with everything that has transpired in Waco this 2016 recruiting cycle will probably go down as one of the strangest maybe ever. And only helping add to that narrative was 2016 CB Parrish Cobb's decision on Friday to re-join the University of Oklahoma's 2016 signing class after Baylor granted Cobb a release from their national letter of intent.
Few here need to be reminded Cobb had long been an OU commit prior to changing their mind shortly before NSD staying closer to home and signing with the Bears. After being granted their release, however, Cobb did not lack for suitors now that a top-flight cornerback was unexpectedly back on the market.
Ultimately though it was Cobb's previous connections to the OU defensive backs coach Kerry Cooks and the staff as a whole that won out in the end and the talented DB is now headed to Norman (again).
After months of being shrouded in secrecy, the long-awaited dystopian sci-fi sequel “Blade Runner 2049” finally hit theaters Friday, and though the opening weekend numbers may have been underwhelming, those who have seen the film have found plenty to chew on.
Critics have almost universally embraced director Denis Villeneuve's film — which stars Ryan Gosling as an L.A. police officer who stumbles on a buried secret that eventually leads them to Harrison Ford's long-lost android hunter Rick Deckard — and fans have taken to Reddit and other corners of the Internet to decode its secrets.
Fittingly, it seems a film centered on androids known as replicants could end up replicating the path of Ridley Scott's original 1982 classic. Based on Philip K. Dick's novel “Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?” that film was deemed a box office disappointment in its initial release but went on to develop a deeply passionate fan base.
The Times spoke with original “Blade Runner” co-writer Hampton Fancher and their “2049” co-writer Michael Green about how the script for the new film came together, the oft-debated question of whether Deckard is a replicant and where the franchise could go from here.
Warning: Major spoilers about “Blade Runner 2049” ahead. Proceed at your own risk.
Hampton, what went through your head when you first got the call from Ridley that they wanted to talk about a sequel to “Blade Runner”?
Fancher: A collision of joy and suicide. I was very excited but very fraught because I had one little idea and that's not even a fig leaf. You can't go out in public with that. Then I got a couple of little ideas and three little ideas and then we were off to the races. But it was frightening.
What was that first little idea? Was it the notion that Rachel and Deckard could have had a baby together?
Fancher: It was just the character of K. I had written a little “Blade Runner” short story about a new kind of blade runner and I named them Kard, with a K. So there was this character who could be investigating something and that could maybe be a through-line [for the sequel]. There was also a romance with a digital woman. So there were certain ingredients, some flavors.
I read Ridley a paragraph from the story on the phone and they said, “Come on over to London and let's talk.” On the way to London, I was desperate to think of something and I thought, “What about a genesis idea?” Then it started developing as we confabulated for a week. I did a treatment and, from the treatment, I did a first draft — and then I was gone. Then Michael confabulated much longer and more fruitfully.
The image was this: A handbook turns into a poem through their experiences and their ordeal and love. Hampton Fancher on their inspirations for Ryan Gosling's character, K
Ryan Gosling, left, as K and Ana de Armas as Joi in the action thriller "Blade Runner 2049." Stephen Vaughan / Warner Bros. Pictures / Alcon Entertainment
Michael, how did you come onboard the project?
Green: I was led into the very comfortable and stylish offices at [Scott's production company] Scott Free and given Hampton's treatment to read, which as a fan I was excited to do. Like a lot of people, I was nervous about it: Do you really want to rattle the hornet's nest of “Blade Runner” and open up that legacy? But from the first lines, I could see that there was a tone and a world that I wanted to spend more time in.
There were some ideas in there that were viral and sticky: this idea Hampton had of a new kind of blade runner and the idea of a digital girlfriend. And the idea of the potential of a child — that spoke to me of a moment of speciation and that opened up themes that were very interesting and avenues of story.
Did you plan from the outset for the prospect of Harrison Ford returning to play Deckard?
Fancher: That idea was there from the beginning. At first, I thought, “What if they don't want to do it or they die or whatever — is the movie over?” Then I realized, “No, this is Hollywood — you'll have another actor as good as them play old Deckard.” But it was written with them in mind.
Green: I knew that this story that I was building out from what Hampton built themselves was going to require none other than Harrison Ford, that without them you couldn't do that story. If they said, “No, thank you,” maybe we could start from scratch and come up with something else. But that was a lottery ticket I was happy to buy. I remember very specifically getting that call that we didn't have to throw it out. That they did like it and was interested.
Fancher: Yeah, that was a great moment.
“Blade Runner” fans have debated for decades whether Deckard is a replicant. In this movie, it's revealed right away that Ryan Gosling's LAPD officer, K, is a replicant. What was the thinking behind making that character an android?
Fancher: I just thought it's a reflection of the world. Automation breeds automation. The image I had in my head of K, as I wrote in that first little short story, was that this guy is a handbook. They follow the rules. He's a machine in a way. But the image was this: A handbook turns into a poem through their experiences and their ordeal and love. And the same thing with the digital woman.
The debate seems to continue, and people seem to think that those who think the opposite of them are nuts. Michael Green on whether or not Deckard is a replicant
Ryan Gosling, left, and Harrison Ford in "Blade Runner 2049." Stephen Vaughan / Warner Bros. Pictures
As I see it, this movie seems to suggest that Deckard is a human, not a replicant. But there are other people who interpret it differently.
Green: One of my favorite outcomes from the film from early reactions I'm seeing is that people are coming out of it even more sure of the opinion that they've held — and still not agreeing. That gives me tremendous joy. And that includes some of the people that were responsible for the original film and this film. The debate seems to continue, and people seem to think that those who think the opposite of them are nuts.
Fancher: I've always thought that if the replicant-cy is a success, then you don't know that you're a replicant. So either way you're … in terms of the ambiguity of it — and life is ambiguous.
Deeming Deckard a replicant closes the door on the party: “Go home, everybody, it's closed.” It's got to be up in the air or there's no dog fight. It's an aesthetic philosophical equation. Like, I'm not so sure Michael Green is an authentic human being. You know what I mean?
Green: I agree. I don't think this movie answers definitively one way or the other, but I'm tickled that many people do and I'm also tickled that many people don't. Some people come out saying, “Thank you for not answering it” and other people come out saying, “Thank you for answering it.” And that's what we set out to do. We wanted to make sure that the ambiguity is built into the story.
“Blade Runner” is all about questions of authenticity, comfort with ambiguity, and you can't discuss the film without talking about that particular ambiguity — is they a human or a replicant? — or even about which version of the film is the authentic version of the film. So the film itself is representative of gradations of realness.
Which is all in the spirit of Philip K. Dick.
Fancher: I wouldn't know about that. Have you read any Philip K. Dick? I haven't.
Really, you haven't?
Fancher: No. I mean, I read that novel [“Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?”] a couple of times. But I've never been a lover of Dick.
Green: [laughs] There's your pull quote!
A scene from "Blade Runner 2049." Warner Bros. Pictures / Alcon Entertainment
This is a movie that's pretty dense with philosophical musings and mysteries. How did you set about balancing that with the need to deliver the kind of action an audience for a big-budget movie expects?
Green: There was a very clear recognition from everyone involved that this was “Blade Runner,” that no one wanted to turn this into “Transformers.” We weren't just trying to bang pots and pans.
There were definitely points where people were looking at the script as a whole and wondering if the heart rate had gone down for too long. But once I started the process of re-crafting some of those moments with Denis, everything snapped into focus. If they tell me that a moment has enough tension or impact, I believe them — I don't think I've had as long a sustained cardio workout as I did see films like “Sicario” and “Incendies.” So you start shaping it specifically to suit their vision.
Ridley Scott has talked about potentially building out the “Blade Runner” universe in the way the “Alien” universe has expanded. Have you two considered the possibility of future “Blade Runner” movies?
Green: I've certainly fantasized about it but I kept it in the box of fantasy until we had this movie well in hand and knew that it landed well. At no point during the making of this were people concerned with building out the universe. All the focus was on: “Let's make the best possible movie we can right now and then maybe, maybe dare to dream.” I'm sure Hampton already has ideas, though.
Fancher: Well, I didn't before but I do now — because of your ending. In my script, Deckard died at the end, but you have them live.
The first time Ridley and I ever considered doing a second “Blade Runner,” in 1986 or whatever it was, I came up with an idea about Deckard and their next job — and it's kind of horrifying what happens in my little fantasy.
Now that Deckard lives, that idea is back in my head. But I'm not going to tell you what it is.
josh.rottenberg@latimes.com
Twitter: @joshrottenberg
ALSO
Ryan Gosling and director Denis Villeneuve have 'no idea how the world will react' to the risky 'Blade Runner 2049'
From the Archives: 'Blade Runner' went from Harrison Ford's 'miserable' production to Ridley Scott's unicorn scene, ending as a cult classic
Review: 'Blade Runner 2049' delivers a visually dazzling follow-up 35 years after the original
Smartphone applications designed to evaluate photos people have taken of their skin lesions and work out whether they have skin cancer are potentially harmful, often incorrectly diagnosing more than 30 percent of cases, a study as suggested.
In the study by dermatologists at the University of Pittsburgh, four applications were put to the test, analysing 188 skin lesions, 60 of which were melanoma. All had been previously diagnosed by a board-certified dermatopathologist. The sample excluded any highly atypical lesions which had been especially hard to diagnose and manage.
The aim was to test a range of apps -- which the study doesn't name -- that have been designed to help a non-clinician to determine whether their skin lesions/moles are benign or malignant.
Advertisement
The apps were chosen based on their popularity in key app stores.
The team picked those apps that claimed to be able to analyse photographs of skin lesions, but had to exclude those apps which would not analyse an existing image.
Read next Ebola is back: WHO confirms outbreak in DR Congo following three deaths Ebola is back: WHO confirms outbreak in DR Congo following three deaths
Three of the apps used algorithms to determine the risk of a particular skin lesion, while the fourth one allows users to submit their photos to a dermatologist for evaluation.
Of the 188 photos, the applications considered between 84.6 percent and 98.4 percent of the images to be evaluable. Using only those images considered evaluable for each application, the team calculate the sensitivity and specificity for each application.
They found that three out of four of the smartphone apps incorrectly classified 30 percent or more of melanomas as unconcerning. The fourth app -- the one which sent photos to dermatologists -- ony misdiagnosed one out of 53 cancerous lesions, however this one cost $5 (£3.10) for every diagnosis.
Advertisement
The authors remark that "reliance on these applications, which are not subject to regulatory oversight, in lieu of medical consultation can delay the diagnosis of melanoma and harm users".
The authors add: "Despite disclaimers that these applications are intended for educational purposes, they have the potential to harm users who may believe mistakenly that the evaluation given by such an application is a substitute for medical advice."
You can read the full study on JAMA Dermatology
The National Hockey League announced today that New York Islanders forward John Tavares is a finalist for the Hart Memorial Trophy, awarded annually to the player judged most valuable to their team.
The announcement of the winner will take place during the 2013 Stanley Cup Final. The NHL will release further details on the date and format at a later date.
Tavares, 22, led the Islanders in scoring for the fourth-straight season, recording 47 points (28g/19a) in 48 games. They finished third in NHL goal scoring with 28 goals, including a league-high 19 even-strength goals and a team leading five game-winning goals. The Islanders finished 15-6-2 when Tavares scored a goal and 20-7-2 when they recorded a point. They led team forwards in average TOI (time on ice) at 20:46.
A native of Mississauga, ON, Tavares posted 13 multi-point games this season, including three, three-point efforts and a four-point game (three goals, one assist) on February 16 against the New Jersey Devils.
Tavares posted the NHL's second-longest goal streak of this regular season, finding the back of the net in five-straight games (seven goals) from February 7-16. They also had a five-game point streak (four goals, one assist) from March 21-28. They currently hold the team's active iron man streak, having played in 212 straight games (including postseason).
Selected by the Islanders with the first overall pick of the 2009 NHL Draft, Tavares has 249 points (112 goals, 137 assists) in 291 career regular-season games through four years with the club. This season, they led the Islanders to their first playoff berth since 2007.
Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals were also selected as finalists for the award.
Welcome to the Daily Sketch! We've teamed up with Sketchfab and expert VR artist Elizabeth Edwards to produce one new piece of 3D art per weekday throughout April you can view with your VR headset.
So grab your headset and take a look.
It is easy to forget Doctor Who pre-dates even Star Trek, living on through the decades as the longest running sci-fi show that constantly gets renewed when a new actor takes over the titular character. When the show returned from a long hiatus in the mid-2000s Christopher Eccleston restarted it as The Doctor, but it was David Tennant's version of the character over several seasons that helped reignite global interest in the show.
Today is Tennant's 46th birthday and, with the show back on the air with a new season, it is as great a time as any to familiarize yourself with the show. Of course, Tennant has moved on but he'll live on in the hearts of countless new Whovians as their beloved first Doctor.
Liz beautifully sculpted them in Medium with today's sketch.
On March 11, I wrote a piece where I warned Donald Trump would attack Republicans as well as Democrats if the Obamacare replacement bill failed. It wasn't a tough prediction to make. I called a bookie in Vegas, and they wouldn't even give me 1-10 odds. First, Trump used Judge Jeanine Pirro as their messenger to get Paul Ryan to step down as Speaker of the House. This morning, Trump set their sights on conservatives in Congress and conservative organizations.
They tweeted:
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 26, 2017
So they fail on the Obamacare replacement bill, and he's blaming House Freedom Caucus members as well as Heritage and a group that backed them for President, Club for Growth.
I've said it before; Trump only cares about winning or losing. They want to do tax reform but attacks the very people they will need to get it done because it is more important to them everybody else appear to be the “loser” in the Obamacare replacement fiasco. Trump doesn't care about burning bridges because they still think he's hosting a reality show. Such an approach is a problem because Washington DC is a place where relationships come in handy when wanting to get something done. Trump doesn't have friends or people who are loyal to him. Trump has associates, lackeys, and sycophants.
They thought they could be a bully and get Thomas Massie, Jim Jordan, and Mark Meadows to follow along, forgetting the entire time they are c0-equals in government.
Compiling enemies lists, having staff attempt to berate members of Congress, and then using Twitter to slam the people you will need over the next four years is not a very bright way to go about doing the work of being President.
Then again, we're talking about the host of The Apprentice. High expectations aren't in the cards.
Barring any trades between now and the National Hockey League Entry Draft on June 22nd, the Anaheim Ducks brass will step up to the podium armed with the sixth overall pick and a bevy of options.
Nail Yakupov has separated themselves from the pack and while many top prospects are currently jostling for position on team draft lists, the top five selections are starting to reveal themselves. With players such as Mikhail Grigorenko, Alex Galchenyuk, Filip Forsberg and Ryan Murray all staking their claim as top prospects, it's entirely possible that the Ducks won't have the opportunity to hand a jersey with their team colours on it to any of those young men come draft day.
Assuming that is the case the Ducks would still have plenty of options, one of which would be to trade down. Trading the pick and moving down a few spots isn't entirely out of the question, but it's almost certain the Ducks forgo that route and hold steady at the six spot. Although a dismal season has finally been put in the rear-view, the Ducks don't lack for talent like some teams that look to trade down in the draft in order to acquire more immediate help, so adding a high-end prospect is the likely play.
With much of the dynamic offensive talent up front likely to have already met Gary Bettman on the podium, a defenceman may soon be calling California home.
With respect to forwards, Radek Faksa is a possibility, as is Brendan Gaunce, but both are long-shots considering the Ducks would be reaching for them at six. If the Ducks truly covet one of those two youngsters, trading down becomes something to be considered. Faksa and Gaunce are similar to Peter Holland with respect to build, but Gaunce plays with more edge and is considered a high-character type of player. Faksa only has one season of North American hockey under their belt as well, so if management feels Holland can be a top-six forward, Faksa and Gaunce won't be brought into the fold.
If you're a betting man, or lady, then the odds of you fattening your wallet if you bet on the Ducks drafting a blueliner are quite good. Grigorenko, Galchenyuk and Forsberg would all be considered steals at six and the Ducks would snatch any one of them without hesitation should they fall to them, similar to the way they snatched Cam Fowler at twelve during the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. That scenario is as unlikely as Brendan Shanahan displaying consistency when it comes to administering suspensions though.
Thus, the options to be considered all patrol the blueline and the options run the gamut from offensive wunderkind to riverboat gambler to heady and steady.
Morgan Rielly represents the offensive wunderkind. He's a swift skater with exceptional offensive tools and while he's been compared to Erik Karlsson, a knee injury has set them back this past season. Some prognosticators predict Rielly going sixth, such as Adam Kimelman of NHL.com, but he's too similar to Cam Fowler for the Ducks to take a chance on.
The heady and steady defensive options reveal themselves in the form of Jacob Trouba and Griffin Reinhart.
Trouba, a product of the U.S. Under-18 squad, is a player who may rise due to their strong play at the Under-18 World Championships. He's big, strong and possesses offensive capabilities which complement their strong play in the defensive end.
Reinhart is similar to Trouba, and while they can contribute offensively, their contributions are noticed on the defensive side of the puck more than anything else due to their size and strength.
You could even make a case for Cody Ceci, another big, strong defenceman with a booming shot that can do a bit of everything. But with the sixth pick, Mathew Dumba seems like the logical choice.
If you guessed Dumba represents the riverboat gambler you'd be correct. There's no doubting that at times they make bad decisions and is sometimes guilty of trying to do too much, but the raw talent is there, waiting to be molded into something spectacular.
Dumba has a penchant of looking for the big hit and playing a high-risk, high-reward game in the same vein as Dion Phaneuf and P.K. Subban respectively. However, at the six spot, Dumba represents top-five talent and they could be the player people talk about as the steal of the draft.
Each asupervisorstioned defensive prospect certainly deserves the praise they've been receiving and Rielly, Reinhart, Trouba and Ceci all excel at certain facets of the game, but for each facet in which they excel, Dumba rivals them.
Rielly can skate like the wind and light the lamp, but Dumba has exceptionally quick feet and great offensive ability as well. Reinhart and Trouba are better defensively and play a physical game, but the defensive game can be learned and Dumba hits as hard as any prospect in recent memory. Ceci has a booming shot, but it's not like you'll find players volunteering to block Dumba's shot from the point. Dumba is an amalgamation of all that is good in the games' of their defensive draft peers, have a look for yourself:
Dumba's tools are indicative of their massive potential and while they share qualities with Anaheim defencemen Cam Fowler and Luca Sbisa, he's a player with a unique skill-set in a class by himself. Dumba has the ability to give the Ducks what they sorely lack, a true horse on the blueline. He's a player that can play in all situations and who will eat minutes and ask for more.
Perhaps the most underappreciated aspect of Dumba isn't a skill per se at all however, it's their desire to be great. Dumba, who by all accounts is an elite player, went into Team Canada's World Junior camp as a 17 year-old expecting to make the team, a tall order to be sure. When they were cut their staunch refusal to accept a silver lining displayed their drive and determination to be the best player they can possibly be.
That type of desire isn't something you can teach and it's a rare trait found only amongst the best players in the world. Combined with their mesmerizing potential, being counted amongst the best players in the world is something Mathew Dumba can look forward to in the future, just as Ducks fans can look forward to seeing Mathew Dumba pull an Anaheim jersey over their head on June 22nd.
Video from MBC:
[Focus News] Korean Elementary Schoolers' $700 Backpacks..Flying Off the Shelves
Anchor
The cute kids who are just starting elementary school.
They will need a period of time to adjust to their new life.
But the prices of the backpacks that the students are wearing, and that are a necessary school supply, are not so cute.
Covering these exaggerated prices in this period of low birth rates is Reporter Kim Joon-seok.
Reporter
Elementary schoolers are back at school for the new semester.
Among the backpacks that they all carry on their backs, are surprisingly expensive pieces.
The newest “randoseru” backpacks imported from Japan go for 700,000 ($700).
One store in the mall quickly sold 100 backpacks, and is ordering more.
Worker selling backpacks:
“It's not sold out, we still have one left.”
Companies compete with each other to develop different designs and functions.
From backpacks that have the special ability to protect your kids' spine, to backpacks that have 14k gold embedded on them, to ones that have popular TV and movie characters on them, the trend is to compete to make the most expensive backpack.
Kang Choon-hyun, Backpack store manager:
Parents care a lot about how heavy the backpack is.
As the number of single child families rise, the market for children's backpacks targeted at parents who want to give their children the best of everything increases as well. Every year, the market rapidly increases, and this year, it is expected to increase to 300,000,000,000 won.
Parent of elementary school student
“Parents are worried that their kids will be bullied at school, so they prefer more expensive brands…”
It's not just backpacks that are expensive.
There are pencil cases that are 280,000 won and pens that cost more than 100,000 won.
Bags for carrying shoes are 80,000 won, so buying all these for your children can cost over 1,000,000 won, which causes some parents' feelings of discomfort to grow.
This is a workshop where parents make backpacks for their kids by hand.
Even if you use high quality cloth, it only costs 40,000 – 50,000 won, and there's enough cloth left after making a backpack to also make pencil cases and bags for carrying shoes.
Jang Hyun-yeong, Mother of an elementary school student
This is a one of a kind backpack, and my kid hears, your mom's handicraft is excellent, so they seem to be proud of it.
Parents' stress is deepening as they take a meaningful first step for their children instead of being swept away by businesses.
Comments from Naver:
gots****
The parents buy those expensive backpacks because they're worried their kids might be ostracized?…;; Aren't the parents the ones who are creating this trend in the first place and kids who follow it?
chdc****
Aren't parents the ones who like showing off more? Although it was in a drama, I saw parents who would get all dressed up for a parents' meeting, and sit there comparing their bags and cars.
supe****
Sigh…it's frustrating…when I was in elementary and middle school, we didn't ostracize other students for something like that…
enrl****
If you are fully prepared for your retirement without relying on your kids or the government, who care. But if you have nothing and you act like that, you are just full of vanity.
dont****
Let it be. If they can afford to buy a 700,000 won backpack, from the outset they're not part of the class that worries about the commoners.
eunn****
But it's really just to satisfy the parents themselves, kids just dump them in the gym and then go play.
haha****
Okay I read your article well, Reporter Kim Joon-seok. It seems your article deliberately aims to instill a sense of deprivation in readers. Just how many parents are actually like this? This was an article worth posting for hits, but I wonder if it's a newsworthy article. In any case, you did some work to cover the article.
chun****
To tell you the truth, it's not something to be jealous of, but it shows that the parents don't have anything in their brains. If they want to buy something expensive for their kids, a 100,000 won item is sufficient, and that can be more eye-catching. Who would know the backpack you bought was worth 700,000 won? keke the moment they realize that it's worth 700,000 won, they will be like “Ah~” and mock you in their mind.
voot****
You should know that the kids who carry these expensive brands will become the target of criminals. Bird-brained Mrs. Kim, is your head in the right place?
tngu****
For elementary schoolers, the backpacks with popular characters you can buy in the street markets are the best…
p705****
This is too much…It's the parents who are at fault, not the kids…Please reflect on your actions.
0505****
I'm also a parent of school aged children, but there are a lot people I just don't get…As my kid got to the upper grade level of elementary school, I bought a 20,000 won backpack because the older one looked too small, and our kid is excited to carry it. Instead of buying what the parents want, just buy what the kids want.
dodu****
The late composer Duke Ellington at a Steinway & Sons piano in the mid-1940s. (Photo11: Michael Ochs Archives / Getty Images) Story Highlights Paulson topped Kohlberg's offer by $5 per share
Investment firm will get instrument maker for $40 a share
Steinway & Sons was founded in 1853
Venerable piano maker Steinway is being sold in a $512 million deal after hedge fund manager John Paulson made sweeter music for investors by topping a tentative July agreement with from Kohlberg & Co.
The Waltham, Mass.-based company announced Wednesday it had terminated the $35-per-share deal with Kohlberg and reached a definitive merger agreement with entities of Paulson & Co. at $40 per share.
Steinway shares soared on the news, closing up nearly 8% at $41.29 in Wednesday trading.
Under terms of the cash transaction, a Paulson affiliate will commence a tender offer within five business days to acquire all outstanding shares of Steinway's common stock in preparation for taking the instrument company private. The company's board of directors unanimously recommended that stockholders tender their shares.
Steinway said it would pay Kohlberg a termination fee totaling approximately $6.7 million.
“We fully intend to maintain the superb quality of Steinway's musical instruments, which are the finest in the world.” Steinway buyer Paulson & Co.
"The company's proven business model and highly skilled employees provide a strong foundation on which to expand," Paulson said in a formal statement. "We fully intend to maintain the superb quality of Steinway's musical instruments, which are the finest in the world."
Steinway CEO Michael Sweeney said the final deal emerged from a "go-shop" process conducted after the Kohlberg agreement.
The higher-value transaction reflects "the attractive value of the company's heritage and growth opportunities," they said in a statement.
Motown icon Berry Gordy, left, and Paul McCartney at a restored 1877 Steinway in September 2012 in New York City. (Photo11: Shahar Azran, WireImage)
"Our employees, dealers, artists and customers can rest assured that Steinway will be in excellent hands under John Paulson's flight attendantship," said Sweeney. "He shares the company's commitment to the musical community and embraces our strategies to fully leverage our premier brands and extend our market leadership."
Steinway & Sons was founded in 1853, in the same month that Franklin Pierce succeeded Millard Fillmore as president. Its artisan-crafted pianos are famed for their rich sound, and are used by musicians worldwide.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16aUgGt
A cracker that survived the sinking of the Titanic is to be auctioned this month, and is likely to be proven the most valuable cracker on the planet.
The single "Spillers and Bakers Pilot" biscuit, as the British call the snack items, is a plain cracker made from flour and water which was discovered in one of the survival kits of a Titanic lifeboat.
Henry Aldridge and Sons auction house will put the biscuit on the block on October 24 in Devizes, England, along with a photographic archive considered the definitive collection of images from the Titanic rescue mission.
The Fenwick archive is named after newlyweds James and Mabel Fenwick who were on board the SS Carpathia for their honeymoon. Four days later the Carpathia was crucial to the rescue of more than 700 survivors from the ill-fated liner. Capturing the events that unfolded, the Fenwick's collection provides a unique record of the rescue mission.
Henry Aldridge & Son Auctioneers
Mr. Fenwick also saved the "Pilot" biscuit by placing it in a Kodak photographic envelope with a personal note "Pilot biscuit from Titanic lifeboat April 1912." The auctioneers expect the biscuit to sell for more than $1,200.
The Titanic went down on its maiden voyage from Southampton to New York after crashing into an iceberg on April 14, 1912.
Henry Aldridge and Sons are considered the leading auctioneers of Titanic memorabilia and the sale, entitled: "Titanic, Hindenburg and Icons of the 20th Century 'Fire and Ice', will also feature a rare Titanic lifeboat cup and items recovered from the site of the Hindenburg airship disaster.
Also included in the collection is an unpublished account documenting the rescue of Titanic survivors. The Fenwicks documented the events in a journal they had bought to commemorate their honeymoon voyage on the SS Carpathia.
The entry for April 15, hours after the Titanic sank, reads:
"5am. Awakened by hearing man's voice "Titanic gone down. We are rescuing passengers and are surrounded by icebergs. This is time to be up and doing. Going on deck we found boats at our side crowded with those rescued plus other boats coming from all quarters, just beyond and on all sides of us... were the 'bergs". Took up about 700 from 19 boats, 14 of which were put on Carpathia decks and 5 were set adrift. The scenes pictured were long to be remembered. At 4pm. Carpathia stops flags at half mast and buried at sea the bodies of 4 men who had died from exposure. The scene at Carpathia as the day wore on was one of tragedy. Women without husbands and children without parents."
Nunavummiut will soon head to the polls and cast their vote for the next group of MLAs.
The legislative assembly finished business over the weekend, and the writ for the territorial election was formally dropped on Monday, kicking off the race towards the vote on October 28th.
Sandy Kusugak, the territory's chief electoral officer, says campaigning will be limited to people living in the territory themselves. Supporters can express their opinions on social media, but formal campaigning will be limited to Nunavummiut.
"Entities that don't operate in Nunavut — that's people, corporations and other organizations — are not allowed to campaign in the Nunavut Election," Kusugak said. "It's leaving campaigning for Nunavut elections to voters in Nunavut and people, and corporations and organizations that are in Nunavut."
Open race
People interested in running have until 2 p.m. on Friday to submit their declarations of candidacy. But some candidates have already declared their intentions to run. Former territorial and Federal politician Jack Anawak says he'll run in Iqaluit's Niaqunnguu constituency.
"I think we need that commitment and the leadership to say — I don't know whether you throw everything out the window, but — let's regroup and say 'what can we do to make life better for the people of Nunavut?'"
Anawak served as a Liberal MP in the House of Commons in Ottawa from 1988 to 1997. They were elected to Nunavut's first Legislative Assembly after the territory was created in 1999. Anawak ran for Premier that year but was defeated by Paul Okalik.
They say they plan to seek the position of Premier again this time around.
Others have also announced their intentions to run.
Over the weekend, Apex resident, Gideonie Joamie said he'll run in the Tasiluk constituency. And this morning, Leesee Papatsie declared they will run in the Iqaluit-Sinaa area.
Papatsie is known for starting the "Feeding my Family" Facebook group.
LANSING, Michigan (Reuters) - Michigan Republicans on Thursday began a drive to make the home of the U.S. auto industry the 24th “right to work” state banning mandatory union dues, setting off a confrontation with organized labor that immediately led to the arrest of protesters.
Michigan Republican Governor Rick Snyder introduces Mitt Romney, U.S. Republican presidential candidate and former Massachusetts governor, during a rally at Lansing Community College in Lansing, Michigan May 8, 2012. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Hundreds of union workers converged on the state capital of Lansing. Majority Republicans in the state legislature introduced a draft law in the House on Thursday afternoon with a target for passage by the end of the year.
Several people were arrested while demonstrating inside the Capitol building when they tried to rush past troopers outside the Senate chambers, State Police spokesperson Gene Adamczyk said.
The protests recalled the bitter fight over the last two years in Wisconsin, where Republicans voted to curb the powers of public sector unions.
The 2011 Wisconsin law sparked massive protests and unsuccessful efforts to recall Republican Governor Scott Walker.
Hundreds of people were crowded into the Michigan Capitol building and entry was cut off for safety reasons except for those conducting business, Adamczyk said. At least 2,000 people gathered on the grounds outside, they said.
“We had such a concentration of protesters in one area,” they said. “We don't want the mob to shift and someone to go over the Rotunda railing.”
Outside, Kathleen Tronjo of Port Huron, an administrator with the Michigan Education Association union, said the schools and children would suffer under right-to-work laws.
“This is just bad policy,” Tronjo said. “They just keep taking more and more away from teachers.”
Eric Prater, a pipefitters union member from Lansing, said they expected voters to take up the issue after the legislature.
“The Republicans probably have enough votes to push it through, but it's not going to stick,” Prater said.
Republicans hold a 64 to 46 majority in the state House, which is slated to narrow by five seats in January, when a new legislature is seated with a 59 to 51 Republican majority. Republicans hold a 26 to 12 majority in the state Senate.
Democrats said they were planning to file a lawsuit to get the building reopened and were seeking to delay further legislative action.
During the Wisconsin confrontation, some Democrats fled the state in an unsuccessful effort to prevent Republicans from having a quorum to vote on union measures they opposed.
Michigan is home to the United Auto Workers and would become the second state in the industrial U.S. heartland to adopt such a law after Indiana earlier in 2012.
ENOUGH VOTES TO PASS
Republican Governor Rick Snyder said the legislation would cover the public and private sectors, with exemptions for police and firefighters, and they hoped it would be passed before lawmakers adjourn for the holidays.
“Quite often people call it right-to-work, but I think it is a much better description to say that this is about fairness in the workplace and equality in the workplace,” Snyder said.
Snyder said they were asking for an act to be passed promptly and they would sign it when it arrived on their desk.
Republican House Speaker Jase Bolger and Republican Senate Majority Leader Randy Richardville said they believe there are enough votes to pass the legislation and aimed to get it done by the end of 2012. It would not take effect until possibly three months into 2013, Richardville said.
“This debate has been ongoing in Michigan for decades and specifically in this legislature for two years now,” Bolger said.
There will be separate bills covering private unions and government unions.
Snyder's decision to pursue the legislation marks a reversal for the governor, who had said that a right-to-work law would be too divisive. On Thursday, they said Indiana's actions earlier this year helped influence their decision.
“I think this is what is best for Michigan,” Snyder said.
Snyder acknowledged Thursday the demonstrations at the Capitol and the strong feelings people had about the issue.
“We have come to the point over the last few weeks and the last month or two where that issue was on the table whether I wanted it to be there or not,” Snyder said.
Michigan voters in November rejected a measure that would have enshrined a right to collective bargaining in the state constitution, leading to renewed calls from state lawmakers to take up the right-to-work issue before the end of the year.
“Right-to-work” laws typically allow workers to opt out of paying union dues and bar requirements that an employee must join a union to work in a certain shop.
Supporters say the laws help attract or keep businesses, while opponents say they suppress workers' wages and benefits and are aimed at undermining the financial stability of unions.
The Michigan Chamber of Commerce on Monday gave its support for a “right-to-work” law while the Metropolitan Affairs Coalition, which includes both business and labor interests, last week urged Michigan not to pursue such a law.
Michigan had the fifth highest percentage of workers in the country who are union members in 2011, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Russia supports US President's call to reduce nuclear arsenals by a third, but Moscow insists it is not ready to decrease effectiveness of its nuclear forces. Moreover, Russia would like other nuclear countries included in the process.
Speaking in Berlin on Wednesday President Barack Obama said the United States could reduce its nuclear weapons by a third and still ensure the security of itself and its allies.
The president vowed to work with Russia to achieve these “bold restrictions” both in strategic nuclear arms and in tactical nuclear weapons in Europe. The US also intended to work with its NATO allies on restrictions of tactical nuclear weapons in Europe. The US has no particular plans on how to implement Obama's proposal, State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said at the briefing with journalists.
However, Russia's President Vladimir Putin response to Obama's intentions suggests the two sides might face disagreement over this issue.
“We cannot afford to disrupt the balance of the system of strategic deterrence, to reduce effectiveness of its nuclear forces. Therefore, the development of the system of space defense will remain a key direction for the military industry,” Putin said.
The active Russia-US nuclear weapons treaty, the New START, allows each side to possess a maximum of 1550 nuclear warheads and 700 deployed carriers, such as missiles and bombers.
Putin reiterated Moscow's concerns about the anti-missile shields the United States and NATO are deploying, and said the development of high-precision non-nuclear weapons could upset the strategic balance.
"These weapons are approaching the level of strategic nuclear arms in terms of their strike capability. States possessing such weapons strongly increase their offensive potential," Putin said at a meeting on defense issues in the Russian city of St Petersburg.
The current list of nations that possess nuclear weapons includes the permanent members of the UN Security Council – Russia, United States, United Kingdom, France and China – and also India, Pakistan and recently North Korea. It is also believed that Israel is a nuclear power, but Israeli authorities have never confirmed or denied this fact, sticking to a “strategic ambiguity” policy.
Separately shortly before Obama's announcement in Berlin, a top aide to the Russian President said that Russia was ready to discuss the issue with the United States and with other nuclear nations.
“Barack Obama has informed our president in general that the Americans intend to suggest some steps to further reduce our nuclear arsenals, after these steps are discussed in the US administration. We heard this initial information and made remarks that other countries that possess nuclear weapons must be also included in the process of cutting the nuclear potential,” presidential aide Yury Ushakov said at a press conference in Moscow.
At the same time Russian Deputy Prime Minister and former NATO envoy Dmitry Rogozin has criticized Obama's intention as “not serious”.
“How can we take seriously the thesis on reducing strategic nuclear arsenals, if US is developing its capabilities,” Rogozin said. "The language of negotiations and diplomacy remains the most important resource" for Russia, "and we won't accept oral guarantees that the American missile defense won't be directed against Russia," they said.
A “routine test” of Xerox' computer back-up systems left food-stamp cardholders in 17 states without access to food benefits Saturday morning.
Xerox's Electronic Benefits Transfer system shut down temporarily during the glitch, Xerox said Saturday.
“While the system is now up and running, beneficiaries in the 17 affected states continue to experience connectivity issues to access their benefits,” the company said. “This disruption impacts EBT beneficiaries who rely on the system for SNAP and WIC. Technical staff is addressing the issue and expect the system to be restored soon. Beneficiaries requiring access to their benefits can work with their local retailers who can activate an emergency voucher system where available.”
The outage is not related to the government shutdown, USDA spokesperson Courtney Rowe said Saturday afternoon.
Affected states include Alabama, California, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Jersey, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 5 Start menu Apps commands Task view Three program snap and suggestions Product family
During the company's presentation, Microsoft announced that its next OS would get a bunch of new and returning features, including a revamped Start menu, a version of the Cortana voice assistant (which debuted with Microsoft's Windows Phone platform), a Notifications Center, the ability to run multiple virtual desktops simultaneously, and much more.
Windows 10 has been rumored for months. In recent weeks, multiple leaks of a Technical Preview version of itrevealed that many of the features Microsoft spoke about today would be included in the next iteration of Windows.
Here's a breakdown of all the new features that are coming with Windows 10, starting with a fresh take on an old favorite. Microsoft demoed Windows 10 at the event, and described the version that was shown as a “very early build.”
We meet again, Start menu
Hello, old friend! The Start menu, which Microsoft did away with in Windows 8, has made a triumphant return in Windows 10. The decision to not include a Start menu (or even the option to re-enable it) in Windows 8 proved to be a huge mistake, and Windows 8's and 8.1's consistently paltry adoption numbers served as continuous evidence of that fact. After all, if that was a such a brilliant decision, Microsoft wouldn't be bringing the Start menu back in the first place.
The new Start menu offers a breed of familiarity that exists on two levels. On one hand, the Windows 10 Start menu offers the ability to find and search through your list of apps, programs, and utilities.
Then, there's the Windows 8 Metro aspect of the refreshed Start menu, which may turn off some people who found the Windows 8 Start screen experience too jarring. Aesthetically, the Start menu now looks like it's the offspring of the Start menu from years past, and the tiled Metro UI from Windows 8. To the right of your list of apps and programs, you can add tiled shortcuts to any Windows Metro apps of your choosing. You can also move the tiled shortcuts around at will, and re-size them. If you prefer to have larger icons in the Start menu, the menu itself will expand horizontally in order to fit them.
Some may find this option welcoming, while others just may want to rid their old/new buddy of anything resembling Microsoft's last attempt at a desktop OS. Thankfully, that's possible. You can easily swap out the tiled shortcuts to Metro apps for shortcuts to files, classic Windows folders, links to websites, and more.
Searching from the Start menu also makes a return, and gets some boosts in Windows 10 as well. If you want to just search for something by typing, you can do so via a text-based search field in the Start menu's bottom left corner. As is the case in the Windows 8 Start screen, once you start typing, results will begin to pop up automatically. They'll also include results that are pulled from the Internet.You can also shut down and restart from the Start menu.
Multiple virtual desktops with Task View
Windows 10 also adds the ability to run multiple desktops on the same PC via a feature called Task View.
After opening Task View, all you have to do to open a new desktop is click a black rectangle with a plus sign over it. Once you have more desktops open, they'll appear as individual tiles at the bottom of your screen, oriented in horizontal fashion. You can also pull apps that are open in one virtual desktop over to other ones, which is called “Snap Assist.”
This should make it easier for users to multi-task in Windows 10, but we wonder whether having multiple virtual desktops open and populating them with separate desktop windows and apps will tax your system heavily.
This is a feature that, while welcome, is something that's very similar to Expose on Mac OS X.
Metro apps running in windowed mode
Now that users can put Metro apps in smaller windows, switching between your Metro apps and other programs will be a lot easier, and less of a headache, making Windows easier to use overall. This is a feature that should have debuted in Windows 8 or 8.1, but we're glad that it's finally here.
Windows 8.1 was a welcome but bittersweet upgrade, partly due to the fact that it offered the ability to run Metro apps in the classic desktop UI, but still prevented users from using them in smaller windows. Windows 10 effectively finishes the job here, allowing you to run Metro apps in windows.
Technical Preview and release date
Microsoft said that a Technical Preview version of laptop and desktop users will be available sometime tomorrow, starting October 1. Meanwhile, the OS will get a full launch sometime in the middle of 2015, which coincides with many release date rumors we've seen throughout the year.
There's no word on pricing for Windows 10 at this point. You'll presumably be able to sign up for the Windows 10 Technical Preview here once the sign-up page goes live.
We are continuously updating this article as more information becomes available…..
The conventional wisdom at the moment is that when Tesla Motors gets around to announcing details of its highly coveted, $5 billion battery gigafactory -- the type of economic development that gives red-state governors with ill-concealed presidential aspirations wet dreams -- it will land in one of two places: Reno or San Antonio. Or maybe both.
Dallas has never really been in the conversation, not publicly anyway, at least not until this week when the North Central Texas Council of Governments posted its agenda for Thursday's meeting of the Regional Transportation Council. There, buried in a PDF labeled "correspondence," was a letter from NCTCOG transportation director Michael Morris to Dallas County development chief Rick Loessberg.
"It has recently come to my attention that Tesla Motors is in the process of selecting a location for manufacturing batteries and a site in southern Dallas County may be placed under consideration," Morris writes before going on to pledge that nearly $200 million will be available to finish planned transportation improvements in the vicinity of the site if Tesla picks the Dallas.
Get the biggest Spurs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Team news?
It's the same as for Saturday. Lamela, Danny Rose, Michel Vorm still out. No new injuries. The other players are ok, ready for tomorrow.
When is Danny Rose back?
It's so difficult. Three months he's been injured. Today they started to do some things with the group. We'll see how they react in the next few days then we'll see. Training and trying to compete after three months we must be careful with him, but we are happy they are in a good way and we hope as soon as possible they can available to picked in the squad again.
Back for Sunday?
It's so difficult to say. Today it's so difficult. We need to check him. They need to feel training hard and recover the feeling of the competition after three months. It's always so difficult for the player coming back from injury. We'll see. We're not closed, we're so flexible and always hoping each day to assess the player.
(Image: Ian MacNicol/Getty Images)
What is the mood in the camp like?
Today its very good. It's true the week was so difficult with Thursday the tragic situation with Ugo, it was difficult to handle for all. We played well Saturday and deserved more, but as I told you after the game I feel very proud, we played very well, the effort was fantastic.
It's so difficult to win. That's football. They were so disppointed. It's true that Sunday and Monday were difficult days but it helped to stay here all together, run a little bit, training together and now we have the game tomorrow.
It will be a tough game. In the last months, Crystal Palace are playing so well, they won against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, beat Arsenal at home and then on Sunday they beat Liverpool. I speak very highly about the team and the impact of Sam Allardyce on the team. It will be a very tough game.
When you are competing at that level, it's so difficult, there's no time to regret or complain, just be ready in the present and look at the games that we have ahead and try to give your best like Saturday.
Will Crystal Palace away be your toughest test?
All different games will be tough games. This is most difficult because it's our next game. They are playing very well. They have very good players. You can see in the last few weeks how they play. If you are able to beat Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal, it's because you are full of confidence and have a lot of quality.
That is why we are aware and we must give our best to try to get the three points. We are fighting for the Premier League to be at the end, if it's not possible to catch Chelsea to be in the top four. The next six games are all finals.
To catch Chelsea do you have to win all of them?
Of course and and that's still not sure you will catch up Chelsea. It's up to Chelsea. The same as I told you a few weeks ago. We'll see. Today they play and we'll see what happened. Tomorrow, after what happens tonight, it's a game that we must win.
Will you be watching the game?
I'll be watching. Southampton is a very special place for me and special team forever. But it's true that it will be Important for us if Chelsea drop points and then if are able to win tomorrow to try to reduce the gap. Always when you are trying to fight for this type of trophy it's good to have some help when you are in behind your opponent.
Is Conte's complaints about scheduling a sign they are worried?
They were unhappy about it on Saturday but I don't know. You never know. We are looking for all. The matter that we need to be focused on is ourself. I don't know if Chelsea play before or after, only it's day by day for us. Every season it's the same.
Sometimes it's for you, sometimes it's against you. It's about different schedules for different teams. The most important thing is to adapt yourself. Okay, I think it's the same that all teams we try to complain, to send some message to the people. I think it is normal, nothing to say.
Dele Alli - should have been in contention for main PFA award?
I think we've spoken a lot about Dele Alli in the last two seasons. Now it's the moment to talk about Crystal Palace and the team. I think all the individual achievement that the players have had this season or last, are very important and we feel very happy for them. But now we need to be focused on trying to win games, to finish in the best way and concentrate on today.
When we finish the season it will be the moment to enjoy all the achievement and look at those achievements and I hope collective achievements. This is the most important things. All our fans, and the players and the club want to achieve the collective things. They are the most important.
Can you guarantee Dele will be here next season?
I cannot guarantee nothing in life. The most important thing is to try to enjoy the present. I'm so sad [about Ugo] - don't think too much about the future. In the future we will take the best decision for the club. Because after nearly three years you can see how the team is always improving every season and always our decisions at the moments and so far have been good.
Trust in the club that we will take the best decision for the club to try to achieve things, to improve next season again. That's most important that we care a lot about club and now please we must focus on the present and try to help the team and club to be there if Chelsea drop points and it will be special if in maybe the last season at White Hart Lane we win the Premier League.
It's important we have six games, it doesn't look like many games, but it's a lot of games in three or four weeks and we must give our best, big efforts for all of us for the players to try to focus, don't think about holidays, rumours or what will happen next season.
Please I want the last three or four weeks the big effort from everyone to try to achieve. Then if we can achieve we congratulate everyone and try next season.
Is Selhurst Park a special, difficult stadium?
Every stadium is special for different reasons, some because they are so big, for others are so tight, different styles of fans. I love every single away game because it's a great chance to see our fans, who are unbelieveable.
Every time we play away our fans are amazing. England is different from other countries as the fans make the game different. Football is different here because of the fans. I think Crystal Palace have a tight stadium and the fans are so warm, intense and it will be special. They are in a very good run and we are fighting for the title. It will be a very interesting game on and off the pitch.
(Image: Ian Walton/Getty Images)
Sam Allardyce says they are making lots of changes, that's good news for you?
Every manager tries to take the best decision for their club. If they change it's because they need to add more energy to the team. They have a very good squad, players and then we will see.
I don't know the starting XI or 18 players who will be involved in the squad, but I think both the collective philosophy is clear and the way they will play.
Can you see the belief Sam Allardyce brings to the players?
We can see every game, belief, players look confident – that's the most important in that moment when they took charge. Important to translate confidence, trust, belief that was the big impact on the team.
Are you worried about Wembley form?
I am not worried, I am so honest. If you analyse all the games, it will be different if we move there next season. I am not worried, the team played so well against Chelsea and against Gent with ten players.
We beat CSKA in the last Champions League game. Against Monaco and Leverkusen they were games we didn't play well but we competed. I am not worried. Now we need to be focused and try to find a way to feel comfortable there and win games if we move next season.
Any truth in suggestions of Davies having an injury which is why Son played at wing-back against Chelsea?
Ben is ok, it's true that during three months they played a lot of games and sometimes you need to rest some players but I think the team played well.
Son played in a position we tried to be more offensive, we tried to stop in different ways, not wait for Moses, push them to play in the back five. I think they made a very good job and when you lose of course you need to find and try to improve. I think the decision was to be more offensive and try to play in a way to win the game always. We'll see tomorrow, Ben is ok, they needed to rest a little bit.
Would you use Son there again?
Yes of course, they were good, unlucky as I think it wasn't a penalty and maybe the feeling is bad but I am so happy with him, the effort, if Tottenham play well it's because of them too.
It is a little bit unlucky, when you concede after four minutes and then when you are playing well and pushing at 1-1, a penalty that for me wasn't a penalty. Then you dominate in the second half but maybe with a different XI it would have happened the same way.
But we try to find different ways to play, to be offensive, respect the philosophy. But I am happy, but Ben is ok and will maybe play tomorrow.
After Chelsea last season the team struggled, can that happen again?
No, that was completely different. After the draw at Chelsea, there were two more games to play but Leicester in that moment won the Premier League and that was a big disappointment. It's completely different from now.
Now we lost the semi-final but six more games ahead we are fighting to catch Chelsea and to be in the top four. You can see the size of the teams fighting with us, it's different from last season. No reason now not to be focused and try to win games. Completely different.
(Image: Photo by Stu Forster/Getty Images)
There have been questions about mentality in big games?
No doubt. First of all, to have the chance to win titles you need to arrive at that level and two years ago we were so far, not even two years. The first year was so difficult to change, we start to reveal after the first season. It's important to have memory, because in the first season we arrive we got 35 players and we start to rebuild the team during the season.
Not to arrive sign 10 players and put out another 12 players. That's important. We started to compete in the last two seasons. Last season we finished third, the best finish in the Premier League for Tottenham.
Now we are second, fighting with the big sides with a completely different project, the mentality is fantastic – the mentality is to win always. But when you compete with Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City, Liverpool – come on. The players deserve full credit and remove that idea because it's not true. They are winners. Another thing is to win titles, but they are winners.
Reports of Walker being disappointed not to start against Chelsea and had a chat with you?
It's like many rumours before, Kyle, like Dele, Christian Eriksen, Toby, Lloris, Mauricio Pochettino. There are many rumours now about many things. I never speak about rumours and now is not the moment to speak about individual matters, first of all me, a lot of links, and today a new link if you don't know.
It's important to be honest with the club, and try to give our best and be focused now. After last game, yes it will be a moment to spend 24 hours to speak about the future of everyone but not now. The club and fans deserve to be focused on catch Chelsea, and if not finish second, and if not finish third and if not finish fourth. It's important to win games now and I am focusing on the team.
The Philippine Chamber of Food Manufacturers says the excise tax on sugar-sweetened beverages in the proposed tax reform package is the highest in the world
Published 5:00 PM, June 03, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Included in the tax reform package proposed by the Duterte administration is an excise tax on sugar-sweetened beverages.
If signed into law, drinks such as powdered juice, energy drinks, carbonated drinks (more commonly referred to as soft drinks), bottled iced tea, and other sugary drinks will come with a P10-per-liter tax.
This is among the provisions in the tax reform bill that have been criticized by urban poor groups and consumers. Another contentious item is the imposition of an excise tax on refined petroleum products and automobiles.
The Philippine Association of Store and Carinderia Owners (PASCO), a non-profit organization of microretailers, computed the increase in the prices of the beverages consumed by ordinary Filipinos.
Based on their estimates, the price of a sachet of powdered juice drink, including powdered iced tea for 1 liter preparation), would go up to P20 from its current suggested retail rice (SRP) of P9. They include powdered iced tea.
Bottled iced tea will come at P30 SRP from P20.
An instant coffee mix will be priced P8 per sachet from the current P5 pricing.
Prices of bottled carbonated drinks will increase to P25, from the current P16.
SRP for ready-to-drink juice will increase to P26 from P20.
Citing data from market research firm AC Nielsen, PASCO said 80% of the consumers of these products are low-income earners. These workers, who are earning only minimum wage, are exempted from tax under the package, but their pay still falls short of the real living wage.
The minimum wage in Metro Manila is pegged at P454 to P491 but its real value when pegged to inflation is only P361. (READ: Is it time for a national minimum wage?)
The Philippine Chamber of Food Manufacturers also cited a 2016 study of the University of Asia and the Pacific, which revealed that the excise tax will be a burden to sugar and coffee farmers and sari-sari store owners.
The higher excise taxes are being proposed to offset the effects of revenue loss that would come with lower income taxes. The Department of Foreign Affairs has also argued that these are necessary to allow the current administration to build infrastructure that will attract investors.
The House of Representatives approved the measure on 3rd and final reading last Wednesday, May 31. (READ: Duterte admin's tax reform package a 'big mistake' – labor coalition)
The Senate said, however, that it would revise the tax reform proposal as the higher taxes would affect the poor. – Graphics by Alejandro Edoria / Rappler.com
Editor's note: This infographic was updated to reflect the clarification made by the Philippine Association of Carinderia Owners on the type of iced tea product referred to in a previous version of this story.
- University of California at Berkeley Vice Chancellor Scott Biddy said on Monday that the university is investigating a campus police officer's ticketing of a hot dog vendor Saturday evening after a Cal football game.
Biddy said in a statement that they have instructed UC police to open a complaint investigation into the incident in which an investigator will be assigned "to look at both the procedural and management issues related to the incident."
They said the investigation "will be completed in a timely manner."
Biddy said, "I assure you that the well-being of our community members, including those from our marginalized communities of color, is most important to us and that we are deeply committed to building a climate of
tolerance, inclusion and diversity, even as we enforce laws and policies."
Outside the game, Cal alum and Los Angeles resident, Martin Flores, captured cellphone video of a campus police officer citing a street food vendor and going through their wallet before confiscating the cash inside. They can be heard on the video arguing with Officer Sean Aranas about why they felt they had to take the vendor's money away, when there were so many people walking around on campus drinking illegally.
The video was shared thousands of times on social media with angry comments over the police officer taking the vendor's money. Others were taking the side of the police, noting that it costs money to receive a permit, and that this vendor was skirting the law. A food vendor permit costs $240 in Berkeley and requires a lot of paperwork to fill out.
Biddy said the context of the officer's ticketing of the hot dog vendor and the seizure of their money is that the university has instructed its officers to monitor illegal vending outside its event venues.
They said, "This action has been motivated at least in part by issues of public health, the interests of local small businesses, and even human trafficking."
Biddy said they can't comment on the specifics of the incident on Saturday but said the university's practice is to issue warnings before giving a citation.
On Monday, UC Police Sgt. Sabrina Reich told KTVU that $60 was taken as "suspected proceeds of the violation and booked into evidence." They also said the "violation" occurred in the city of Berkeley at Piedmont Avenue and Bancroft Way. They didn't immediately explain why a UC officer issued the citation if it was on Berkeley property.
“[This] visible evidence of a police officer going and taking this man's hard earned money infuriates me,” said Cal senior Kenny Zhang, who saw the video this morning on Twitter.
UC Berkeley police said they were cracking down on unpermitted, unregulated street food vendors. Police said only the man in the video was cited on Saturday.
Cal student Brooke Lisowski said they were at the game and bought two hot dogs from a different street vendor.
“I didn't go to that specific guy, but there were like eight different ones all along Piedmont,” said Lisowski.
Flores said they were in the process of buying three hot dogs when the officer stopped the transaction. Flores said they started recording the officer, because they felt the vendor was being unfairly targeted, while other vendors were ignored and they said witnessed cases of drinking alcohol in public and jay walking that went without a stop from officers.
“I do think the police get a lot of hatred here at Berkeley, I feel a lot of people blow things that they do out of proportion, but yes, that film obviously looks kind of bad. He's going through their wallet and I don't think they have a right to do so,” said Lisowski.
UC Berkeley police said they do have that right – if there is an arrest, or in this case a citation, officers can confiscate money. KTVU was told by police the vendor's money was booked into evidence.
The students KTVU spoke to, however, said police should focus their efforts elsewhere.
“Actually seeing it on camera makes me so angry. Just seeing where their priorities are as opposed to campus assaults and robberies,” said Zhang.
“This is where their priorities are – arresting innocent civilians doing nothing but selling food on the streets.”
“They'll see a guy selling a hot dog and it's kind of their own risk if they want to buy it and eat it,” said Lisowski of their friends that know the street vendors' food hasn't been inspected by health inspectors.
With a goal of raising $10,000, Flores set up a GoFundMe account called Justice4Juan & Street Vendors.
By 5:30 p.m. Monday, people had contributed more than $42,000 to the fund.
A student-led petition is calling for the Officer Aranas to be removed from the UC Police force.
"If you consider yourself a good person and you're a police officer, there's still gonna be issues. But if you're someone like that who has joy in taking away someone's hard-earned money, then, you shouldn't even be a police officer. You shouldn't be a civil servant. You should not have any form of role of government. That's what I would tell him," said Cal Student Viana Roland.
According to FBI crime statistics, UC Berkeley has reduced burglary and larceny. However, robbery, assault, weapons violations, rape and auto theft are up.
The University claims concurrent jurisdiction within a mile of campus and says a judge will decide if and when the money is returned.
Biddy said UC Berkeley police also detained three other people for vending without a license on Saturday, all in close proximity to the football stadium.
They said each of those three people was released with a warning.
Flores said in their Facebook post that any extra funds they receive to help the vendor who was ticketed will "cover other vendors who have been robbed of their hard-earned living through citations and removal of their
carts."
Club
YA LUCEN EL ROSTRO DE ANTONIO PUERTA Y SU DORSAL EN FONDO
Los trabajos comenzaron el pasado jueves y si las condiciones climatológicas lo permiten, finalizarán a principios de semana
El pasado jueves comenzaron los trabajos para la instalación de la nueva imagen exterior de fondo cuyo protagonista es la zurda de diamantes, Antonio Puerta. Los trabajos han podido avanzar a buen ritmo y ya puede verse la silueta del rostro del eterno canterano del Sevilla FC, justo arriba de la Puerta 16, que corresponde al dorsal del autor del gol que nos llevó a la gloria. Asimismo, también el mágico 16 aparece junto a su rostro. Si la lluvia lo permite, la colocación de la nueva fachada de fondo podría estar finalizada a principios de la semana próxima.
China's “new Silk Road” initiative aims to link the economies of Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa—but Beijing would really like the US to get on board.
Also called “One Belt, One Road” (OBOR), the initiative involves expensive infrastructure projects—led by Chinese state-owned companies—in dozens of nations. The US has much to offer, and as part of a trade deal (paywall) with China announced last week, the Trump administration agreed to send one of its top Asia experts, Matthew Pottinger, a National Security Council official, to a two-day OBOR summit just completed in Beijing.
Their presence amounted to a nod from the US. Recent pieces in China's state-controlled media hint at why that's so important to Beijing:
“Under the current international framework, the US is leading international organizations like the United Nations, the World Bank, and the International Monetary Fund,” read a commentary (link in Chinese) in Xiakedao, a WeChat account run by the People's Daily. “This is like a date, when a girl says yes to dinner and a movie—there will be further development possibilities.”
It goes on:
“It's estimated that $1.7 trillion would be required for annual infrastructure investments on nations involved in OBOR, but the three [funding] institutions involved—the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, the New Development Bank, and the Silk Road Fund—only have capital totaling $240 billion. The US can help advocate OBOR in key fundraising areas.”
The US can also help deal with “security and geopolitical challenges” in the implementation of OBOR, noted a commentary in the Global Times. For instance, India has some issues with the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, an OBOR land-corridor project (with a $46 billion investment from China) that partially runs through contested territory in Kashmir.
The commentary said:
“Washington's participation in the Belt and Road initiative will have knock-on effects, encouraging its allies to see the initiative from a more rational and objective perspective, and thus help win Beijing and its infrastructure projects more international understanding and influence.”
The US economy will also benefit from OBOR, suggested Chinese state media.
The US should be ”a stakeholder in the initiative,” read a column in the Global Times, as joining it would “deliver benefits to American companies and help increase job opportunities within the country.”
America “has a lot to gain by participating in the Belt and Road,” said an opinion piece in the People's Daily. It should “embrace China's progress in regional integration and seize the opportunity.”
The presence of Pottinger no doubt cheered Beijing, which had difficulty luring top leaders to the summit—of the 64 OBOR nations that could have sent their heads of state, only 20 chose to do so.
BUSINESS
A Google Maps Camera Car travels down a road to take panoramic photos that will be used for Google Street View, a technology featured in Google Maps and Google Earth. (Yonhap News)
Google could face disciplinary action from the country's communication regulator as the global search giant seems to have collected private personal data without individuals' consent for its Street View services.The Korea Communications Commission said Tuesday that it would decide whether or not to impose penalties against Google as soon as it completes its investigation.“We have almost completed our investigation into Google. Its alleged data gathering without (consumers') consent is in breach of law governing information and communications networks,” said Ban Sang-kwon, head of the KCC's privacy protection and ethics division.“This issue will be brought to the KCC's committee members (for final decision) within this year.”KCC vice chairperson Kim Choong-seek also told the press on Monday that it would be possible for the regulator to impose a fine against Google over privacy issues, although this could be complicated as the company abides by global standards.“We haven't heard anything from Google headquarters yet,” Google Korea's public relations executive Lois Kim told The Korea Herald, declining to further comment.Korea's Information and Communications Network Act indicates that the government can impose a fine of up to 1 percent of sales on companies that collected personal information without consent.Google has operated vehicles equipped with special cameras and computers in major metropolises in Korea including Seoul, Busan, Incheon and Gyeonggi Province between 2009 and 2010 for its Street View database.Google has been suspected of collecting personal information such as emails and passwords of at least 600,000 people via wireless networks during the production of Street View.The prosecutors began the investigation and seized documents at Google Korea and summoned two program developers at Google in the U.S. in August 2010.However, the prosecutors stopped the probe in February 2012 as Google did not respond to the summons.“We admit to the illegal gathering of personal information. But it was not intentional, and we deleted illegally collected data,” the search company said in a statement in 2011.The KCC urged Google to stop gathering location information for Android-operated devices as such an act was in violation of the country's information law in 2011 and 2012.The Google case involving its alleged private information collection has resurfaced this year as the search company has been fined in other markets for similar wrongdoings.The company agreed with 37 states in the U.S. to voluntarily pay fines of $17 million last year. Germany and France fined Google 45,000 euros ($196,000) and 150,000 euros, respectively.By Shin Ji-hye ( shinjh@heraldcorp.com
Shellac & Food Glaze
Many people may not be aware that the glaze that covers some of their favorite products – including vitamins, pharmaceuticals, candy and even some fruit – may actually be made from shellac; a resin from the secretions of the female lac insect.
When used in food and confections, shellac has the food additive number E904, and is described on food labels as ‘confectioner's glaze', ‘confectioner's resin', ‘resinous glaze', ‘candy glaze', ‘pure food glaze' and ‘natural glaze'.
The main uses of shellac in confectionery are to do with coating chocolate goods, such as candy-covered nuts and raisins, and similar products. But what many people may not realize is that it's also used as a coating on some nutritional supplements, medicines, fruit, and even coffee beans.
Laccifer lacca is a small insect about the size and color of an apple seed, which swarms on certain trees in India and Thailand. During the larval stage of its life-cycle, the lac insect creates a hard, waterproof, communal protective shell as a cocoon in which to mature and then mate.
The encrusted resin that forms this shell is scraped off the branches where the insects nest. This raw material, known as ‘sticklac', as well as being the basis for shellac, is also used for the production of ‘lac dye', a red pigment from the crushed bodies of the insects, much like cochineal or carmine. If lac dye is the primary product being made, the lac resin is harvested before the males have emerged from their cocoons, and the sticklac is dried in the sun to kill the beetles.
As well as being a traditional cosmetic in India, lac dye is primarily used to dye leather, silk and wool. However, it is also used as a coloring in some foods and soft drinks. According to one manufacturer's website, “Lac dye can be used in juice drinks, carbonated drinks, wine, candy, jam and sauce.”
Some sources say that approximately 300,000 lac insects are killed to produce 1kg of lac, and that annual production is estimated at 20,000 tons globally. The main importers of lac products are Egypt, Germany, Indonesia, Italy and the United States.
Shellac is also used as a pharmaceutical glaze, and serves as a coating material for tablets and capsules, particularly in time-released or delayed-action pills, since it stops the pill from breaking down in the stomach. Also known as ‘gum lac', shellac also finds its way into household products such as sealing wax, adhesives, polish and varnish; in cosmetics such as hairsprays, mascara, nail polish, perfume and lipstick (and yes, there are vegan alternatives for all of these); as a binding agent in printing inks and paints; and in agriculture – coating urea to produce a slow releasing fertilizer. Is there a vegan alternative to shellac? Of course! Zein, a corn protein, is a competitive non-animal-based product. Pure zein is clear, odorless, tasteless, hard, water-insoluble, and edible. It is already used as a coating for candy, nuts, fruit, pills, and other encapsulated foods and drugs. In the United States, it may also be labeled as ‘confectioner's glaze'. NOTE: As well as sometimes being made from shellac, confectioner's glaze can also contain beeswax. So, what do you do if you want to know whether that shine on your candy comes from an animal or a plant? Call the company, of course! Not only does making that call give you a definitive answer as to the origin of the ingredient, but it also lets the company know that there is an increasing demand for vegan alternatives to shellac and other animal-based ingredients that are, frankly, archaic. … Image: Carlos Porto / FreeDigitalPhotos.net
(Visited 43,014 times, 6 visits today)
Toronto's city council has to decide yet again whether to pursue a bid for the Summer Olympics. A report to the city's economic development committee lays out the pros and cons of a bid for the 2024 Games. The committee must decide whether to even begin the bid process by recommending a more detailed study, which would cost about $1 million. Council will make the final decision.
Toronto's last Olympic bid was for the 2008 Games, won by Beijing.
In 2011, Mayor Rob Ford rejected a possible bid for the 2020 Games over fiscal concerns. Councillor Michael Thompson, the chair of the city's economic development committee, said a 2024 bid will be a “tough sell” with their colleagues. Toronto is hosting the Pan Am Games in 2015. “At this particular point in time, I think we're hard-pressed with respect to pursuing the Olympics given all of the other challenges that we actually have,” Thompson said.
Article Continued Below
Toronto's last Olympic bid was for the 2008 Games won by Beijing. The city placed third in the running for the 1996 Olympics won by Atlanta. Toronto officials said the Olympics would increase the city's international “visibility,” would “be a catalyst for trade development, cultural exchanges and investment attraction,” and provide “an opportunity for urban renewal and investment in infrastructure which contribute to economic growth and job creation.” They also noted, however, that there are “significant costs and risks” to pursuing “an incredibly complex and challenging project.” They said it might not be possible to get all levels of government and key private-sector backers back on the same page after the bid failures of the recent past. The city hired Ernst and Young to produce a preliminary report on the 2024 Games. The firm estimated the cost of actually bidding for the Games at $50 million to $60 million and the cost of actually hosting the Games at $3.3 billion to $6.9 billion. The committee will vote on the preliminary report on Monday. It will also decide how to proceed on a possible bid for the 2025 World Expo. A more detailed study for that event would also cost about $1 million.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption One of their colleagues told the Associated Press that Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was hit in the face by a stone and their glasses were broken
Serbia's PM Aleksandar Vucic has been chased away by stone-throwing protesters from a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
About 8,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys died at the hands of Bosnian Serb forces amid the break-up of Yugoslavia.
Serbia backed the Bosnian Serbs and Mr Vucic was praised for attending the event.
The Serbian foreign ministry has now issued a formal protest note to Bosnia.
Speaking in Belgrade after the attack, Mr Vucic urged Serbs not to show hatred towards Bosnian Muslims, adding they wanted friendly ties.
"My hand remains outstretched and I will continue with my policy of reconciliation," they added.
Serbia's interior minister, Nebojsa Stefanovic, said: "This is a scandalous attack and I can say it can be seen as an assassination attempt."
Bosnia's main Muslim SDA party said the attackers had "embarrassed Bosniaks (Bosnian Muslims)", in a statement quoted by FENA news agency.
The Bosnian War saw Bosnian Serb forces, backed by Serbia, fighting the Muslim-led Bosnian government.
In July 1995, thousands seeking shelter in what was supposed to be a UN refuge in Srebrenica were shot dead. It was Europe's worst atrocity since World War Two.
The Bosniak people, most of whom are Muslims, are descended from Bosnian Slavs who adopted Islam under Ottoman Turkish rule in the Middle Ages.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Prime Minister Vucic placed flowers at the memorial to the victims before booing started
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Vucic and their delegation scrambled to their cars after the attack with bodyguards using bullet-proof shields
Image copyright AFP Image caption Bosnian police officers arrest a protester suspected of having taken part in the attack on Mr Vucic
Mr Vucic is a former radical Serb nationalist who served under Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic in the late 1990s.
 They are now a pro-Western politician seeking to steer Serbia into the European Union. Their government managed to secure support from its ally Russia on Wednesday to veto a UN resolution calling the events in Srebrenica a genocide.
Upon arriving in Srebrenica, they published an open letter which did not use the word genocide but said: "Serbia clearly and unambiguously condemns this horrible crime and is disgusted with all those who took part in it and will continue to bring them to justice."
A funeral service for more than 100 victims whose remains were recently identified using DNA analysis was also held on Saturday.
Attending the ceremonies, Bill Clinton, the US president at the time, apologised that it had taken so long to end the war, adding: "I never want to see another killing field like this."
At the scene: Guy Delauney, BBC News, Potocari, Srebrenica
The commemoration provided a perfect illustration of just how difficult reconciliation can be - in Bosnia and across the region.
Tens of thousands of people came to pay their respects to the victims of Srebrenica and show their solidarity with the people of this much-diminished town. They heard international dignitaries speak of the horror of what had occurred here and how it must never be repeated.
Then former US President Bill Clinton made a specific point of praising the courage of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic for turning up in the face of hostility from many ethnic-Bosniaks. They are angry that while Serbia has condemned the massacre, it has never used the word genocide to describe what happened.
Sadly, but predictably, Mr Vucic was loudly jeered by many in the crowd. Some even threw objects as they paid their respects in the cemetery. The imam reminded the crowd that it was time to pray. But the anger here remains.
Srebrenica tries to move on from massacre
Mr Clinton praised Mr Vucic for being there.
However, later the Serbian leader was heckled by crowds shouting "Allahu Akbar" as they entered to lay flowers.
As some chanted "responsibility" and "genocide", others proceeded to throw objects - reports suggested stones, water bottles and a shoe were among the items used.
One hit Mr Vucic on the lip and their glasses fell to the ground as the delegation scrambled away and were broken.
Srebrenica Mayor Camil Durakovic said the attack was "the work of sick minds who abused this solemn event".
Munira Subasic, head of the Association of Srebrenica Mothers said they were "terribly disappointed" by the scenes.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "They killed my progeny... I don't have a future anymore"
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The wounds of the atrocities are still raw in Bosnia
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bill Clinton was president at the time - they apologised it had taken so long to bring the war to an end
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Vucic condemned the Srebrenica massacre as a "horrible crime"
Image copyright AFP Image caption In Belgrade without their glasses, Mr Vucic extended the hand of friendship to the Bosnian Muslims
Fourteen individuals have been convicted at the UN's International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague in relation to the Srebrenica killings.
The former Bosnian Serb army chief, Ratko Mladic, and former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic are both on trial at The Hague in separate processes.
They are both accused of crimes relating to the massacre.
The ICTY - and the International Court of Justice - have called the events genocide.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Guy Delauney reports from Srebrenica 20 years after the massacre
Timeline of Srebrenica siege
6-8 July 1995: Bosnian Serb forces start shelling Srebrenica enclave
9 July: Bosnian Serbs step up shelling; thousands of Bosnian Muslim refugees flee to Srebrenica
10 July: Dutch peacekeepers request UN air support after Bosnian Serbs shell Dutch positions. Large crowds of refugees gather around Dutch positions
11 July: More than 20,000 refugees flee to main Dutch base at Potocari. Serbs threaten to kill Dutch hostages and shell refugees after Dutch F-16 fighters bomb Serb positions. Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic enters Srebrenica and delivers ultimatum that Muslims must hand over weapons
12 July: An estimated 23,000 women and children are deported to Muslim territory; men aged 12-77 taken "for interrogation" and held in trucks and warehouses
13 July: First killings of unarmed Muslims take place near village of Kravica. Peacekeepers hand over some 5,000 Muslims sheltering at Dutch base in exchange for the release of 14 Dutch peacekeepers held by Bosnian Serbs
14 July: Reports of massacres start to emerge
Timeline: Siege of Srebrenica
Getting your license, celebrating your sweet 16 and voting could all come at the same time.
On Monday, B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver re-introduced the Election Amendment Act 1, which seeks to engage youth in politics through lowering the voting age to 16.
“There is a lot of evidence that shows that if we engage our youth earlier in the political process they are more likely to develop voting as a habit for the rest of their life,” said Weaver. “I've been speaking to individuals of all ages since I introduced this bill last Spring. I have heard overwhelming support for lowering the voting age.
“It appears there is a trickle-up effect in civic participation. When youth engage, conversations around the dinner table tend to focus on politics and local issues, which results in a positive impact on voter turnout for the whole family.”
According to Weaver, Austria, Argentina, Brazil, Germany, and parts of the U.K., have extended voting rights to 16-year-olds.
Scotland experimented by lowering the voting age in their independence referendum. The turnout was so good they permanently dropped the voting age to 16 in all Scottish Parliament and local government elections.
Do you think 16-year-olds are ready to vote? Let us know in the comments below.
Why JP Morgan's CEO Sees Bitcoin as Unimportant
Rate this post
Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JP Morgan — America's largest bank — sees bitcoin as a waste of time. Solidifying their status as the male version of Blythe Masters, Dimon is enthusiastic and positive when it comes to the blockchain, but dismissive of the country's favorite digital currency.
Also read: Voting Machines Running Blockchain Technology Are No Longer Just A Theory
“Separate currency from the blockchain… My belief is that there's not going to be virtual currencies. They may be small,” Dimon said while speaking at the Fortune Global Forum.
When it comes to people like Dimon, cryptocurrency advocates have trained themselves to be ready; ready to defend their coin to the end, ready to account for all its positive attributes and its abilities to change the world as we know it.
So what are some of those attributes? Well, how about the fact that it's able to aid unbanked nations? We've been trying for years with traditional banks and been relatively unsuccessful simply because they rely too much on one's background and stature. Applicants who lack credit or a steady financial history may find it difficult to open a bank account or credit card, and sustaining whatever finances they earn from there can prove even harder.
That's the other difficulty when it comes to fiat currency. Looking at American money, for instance, one dollar is never going to change in value. It's always going to be worth one dollar. It's unfortunate, but it's the way society rolls. Fiat currency is constant and never changing.
With bitcoin, it's a little different, as we've seen in the past few weeks. Sometimes, the stars align in such a way that the present value of one's coins can spike without warning. Through late October to early November, bitcoin enthusiasts watched with joy as the price of the cryptocurrency rose from a mere $230 to $260, then $300, then $400 until suddenly $500 appeared imminent. The coin has since encountered a few barricades and fallen back down to the high $300 range, but, in the long run, Bitcoin attained a status we've all been wishing for throughout the year. Following nearly ten months of low-end fluctuation, Bitcoin climbed the ladder and reached a prominent spot. In those weeks, all bitcoin owners, banked or unbanked, were able to earn a little something on their money.
Dimon was also critical of bitcoin regarding its relationship and function to governments. Continuing their speech at the FGF, the banking CEO added:
“Governments like to control (currencies). They have central banks. They like to control the supply. They also generally like to know where it (currency) is and where it goes… They (the government) will not support major currencies that go around borders that they don't have control over. It's just not going to happen.”
Hate to break it to you Mr. Dimon, but it already is happening. Government entities and regulators from around the world already see Bitcoin and related cryptocurrencies as innovative, to say the least. According to Cryptcoinsnews.com, the Chinese Cyberspace Administration recently said that the world is in a “post-Bitcoin era,” and the changes it has to offer can no longer be put to the side. Scotland is currently looking towards creating the digital currency ScotPound, and London is a self-proclaimed arena for Fintech.
Furthermore, what about the BitLicense and other forms of regulation we've witnessed in areas like California and North Carolina? The Isle of Man has also been regulating cryptocurrency since 2014. The information offers evidence that governments do see digital currency as something they can potentially control.
Despite their negative attitude towards bitcoin, Dimon did offer hope for the technology behind it, saying:
“Like any other technology, if it is cheaper, effective, works, and it is secure, we are all going to use it… We have a study group looking at the blockchain. It may be very good for certain things like loans, with a lot of documentation that is hard to transfer.”
Do you agree with Dimon, or is bitcoin here to stay? Post your comments below.
Image credits: firstpost.com & moneyandtech.com
Originally posted on: Why JP Morgan's CEO Sees Bitcoin as Unimportant
It's long been clear that the Republican Party's strategy since Barack Obama became president was to obstruct and attack, no matter what the issue, no matter what the reality. But this video goes beyond any level of mendacity we've seen over the past 18 months.
Here's Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele, on President Obama and the war in Afghanistan:
"Keep in mind again, federal candidates, this was a war of Obama's choosing. This is not something the United States had actively prosecuted or wanted to engage in."... "It was the president who was trying to be cute by half by flipping a script demonizing Iraq, while saying the battle really should be in Afghanistan. Well, if he's such a student of history, has they not understood that you know that's the one thing you don't do, is engaged in a land war in Afghanistan? All right, because everyone who has tried, over a thousand years of history, has failed. And there are reasons for that. There are other ways to engage in Afghanistan."
Truly stunning.
But leaving aside Steele's utterly blatant lies, having the head of the Republican Party say that the war in Afghanistan is a failure and that it should never have been fought in the first place is undoubtedly news to the rest of their party.
What the family and friends of those who died or those who are still fighting there today think is, of course, another story.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THE astonishing scale of Scotland's gun arsenal has been revealed by police.
And among the deadly haul are at least 90,000 deactivated guns that can easily be converted into killing machines.
Such weapons are freely available on the internet – along with tutorials on how to reactivate them.
D​etective Chief Superintendent John Cuddihy said: “It is easy to reactivate a deactivated weapon and bang – you're dead.”
Experts have mapped 107,000 shotguns and 80,000 firearms which are legally owned by 68,000 licence-holders.
But criminals can get hold of everything from revolvers to AK47 assault rifles on the black market and in former conflict zones.
Police are using a combination of intelligence and cutting-edge forensic science to make it hard for armed thugs to cheat justice.
Cuddihy said the process of locating where deactivated weapons are in Scotland and their availablity to criminals is vital.
They added: “We can make sure that guns and bad guys don't come together.”
The ease with which ammunition and replica and deactivated guns can be sourced is a major concern.
They are available online or from countries where the law is more relaxed.
In Serbia, for example, there are three million unregulated weapons in circulation.
In June, we told how a Record reporter bought a replica AK47 on Amazon.
As well as illegal weapons, police are out to target illegal ammunition.
Cuddihy said: “You can buy a bullet for less than £1. If you then take that bullet and put it on the black market, it will
trade as a commodity for £10.
“If you stick it into a gun, we could be looking at a £1.2million murder investigation. Every bullet we recover protects a life.”
A firearms expert said replica AK47s can be converted to fire live rounds.
They added: “It will depend on what type of replica you start with. A blank firing copy will probably be easier to convert than a replica that was not designed to fire any form of ammunition.”
Underworld sources said replica handguns would be even easier to activate.
A source said: “It's not as hard as you think.
“Revolvers are a doddle as they aren't automatics, have no recoil, no gas parts and no ejection mechanism. They just spin on to the next round.”
Crime-mapping has identified 3700 individuals in Scotland with links to organised crime.
The availability of firearms is a key strand of the project. Since 2008, all firearms incidents have been logged on the UK National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS) database.
Cuddihy added: “If an individual uses a weapon ordinarily, they
would seek to destroy it. But if it's a rare commodity, they will want to get it back so it can be used again.
“NABIS will tell us, for example, ‘That's the third time that gun was used. It was used in Glasgow and it was used in Manchester.'
“You look at the network of those groups and try to identify the common denominator.”
A Royal Commission are examining the UK's firearm laws.
(Image: Victoria Stewart)
Cuddihy added: “As we have with drugs, I would like to see the creation of an offence of being concerned in the unlawful sale or supply of firearms and ammunition.
“I would also wish consideration being given to an offence of unlawful possession and unlawful possession with intent to supply.”
Although regulations governing firearms licences are strict, Cuddihy says there is room for improvement.
They said: “We must continue to do everything in our power to prevent any area of vulnerability from being exposed and exploited.
“We must prevent bad people from accessing guns.”
(Image: PA/Photopress Belfast)
Operation hairsplitter: AK47 Ulster death plot
AN AUDACIOUS plot by republican sympathisers to assassinate two former leaders of the Ulster Defence Association shed light on the trade in illegal firearms.
Antoin Duffy, 39, their cousin Martin Hughes, 36, and Paul Sands, 32, planned to kill Sammy McCrory with a sawn-off shotgun.
Operation Hairsplitter also revealed they intended to assassinate Johnny “Mad Dog” Adair using an AK47.
Cuddihy said: “That weapon was supplied by an organised crime group and they had supplied
multi-calibre weapons to a whole host of individuals.
“Whether it was a .38 handgun or a .45 revolver or an AK47, it was a case of, ‘What do you want?'”
The AK47, which had a broken firing pin, was found in the cupboard of a Paisley flat, sandwiched between a Hoover and a Christmas tree.
It was sourced by a crime group run by brothers Gary and Craig Convery, who possessed a range of activated and deactivated weapons.
Last month, Duffy, Hughes and Sands were jailed for a total of 38 years after a trial at the High Court in Glasgow.
The Arms Dealer: Crime clan's man said bullets were keyrings
A MORTGAGE broker who was caught with three AK47s in their home was unmasked as the main arms dealer for the Daniel crime clan.
Terence Carvell, 59, claimed they bought the weapons from a fair in the 1990s and boasted they were the biggest collector of Scots-made gun cartridges in the world.
A police raid turned up almost 90 weapons and hundreds of rounds of ammunition – including 30 live bullets for the AK47s, which can fire 10 rounds a second.
Experts believe they may have come from Ulster terror gangs.
Carvell claimed their house was a gun museum that had visitors from around the world. They said the bullets were duds that they turned into keyrings.
At the High Court in Glasgow in December 2012, the father-of-three was jailed for five years after they admitted four contraventions of the Firearms Act.
Carvell – a founder member of the UK Cartridge Collectors' Association – told the court the weapons and ammo had either been bought by mail order over 20 years or they were ​h​eirlooms from their collector grandfather.
But judge Lord Bracadale said: “The law regards possession of firearms of these prohibited types very seriously.”
The Record told how Carvell was the Daniel crime clan's go-to guy for guns. They were in the top 20 per cent of Strathclyde Police's most dangerous criminals.
Officers who searched Carvell's home found three AK47s and a Rossi five-shot revolver. They also discovered 45 air pistols, 24 air rifles, 11 replica firearms, 10 deactivated guns and 2162 live cartridges.
(Image: Victoria Stewart)
Replica rifles on mail order; A Couple of clicks and it's in the post
RECORD reporter Stephen Stewart managed to buy a AK47 replica on Amazon for just £184 without any age or ID checks.
The listing on the world's biggest shopping website said it is “totally legal to own” – but the sale of imitation guns is banned in the UK.
Stephen bought the replica after imitation firearms were used by criminals in a string of terrifying robberies.
Using a Kindle Fire HD tablet, they went to the Amazon website and typed “AK47 assault rifle” into the search box.
They were given several options, including a high-quality replica for £170 plus £14 postage.
A few days, later Stephen received an email to say the weapon had been dispatched from the retailer in Germany.
On June 15, it arrived in a long, brown cardboard box, complete with a realistic ammunition magazine.
It had travelled nearly 1100 miles, apparently without being checked or scanned by border security officials or postal workers.
Firearms experts believe the AK47 could be converted to fire live ammunition.
Laws governing replica firearms came into force in October 2007.
It is an offence for anyone to sell, import or make a realistic imitation firearm and the maximum penalty is six months' jail and a £5000 fine.
Our investigation revealed a major loophole that allows these lethal-looking weapons to be imported from Europe.
As a result, Amazon withdrew a replica Kalashnikov and an arsenal of deadly weapons from sale.
The retail giants admitted selling such weapons on their site was “clearly inappropriate”.
Scottish legislation: Massacres changed the law
SCOTLAND has some of the toughest gun control laws in the world.
You need to fill in reams of paperwork and prove to police officers that you are not a danger to society.
Applicants must show they have a “good reason” for owning a gun.
Independent referees provide confidential character statements.
Officers check for a criminal record and speak to the applicant's GP for evidence of alcoholism, drug abuse or signs of personality disorder.
Social services can also be asked for reasons to turn down an applicant.
Finally, senior officers must be sure that prospective shotgun holders have a secure location for the weapon.
Each certificate is valid for five years.
The most important changes to UK guns laws followed two massacres.
In 1987, all modern semi-automatic rifles were banned after Michael Ryan shot dead 16 people in Hungerford, Berkshire.
And after Thomas Hamilton killed 16 schoolchildren and their teacher at Dunblane Primary School in 1996, Parliament banned all handguns.
(Image: Reuters)
Overseas free-for-all: Fakes with fear factor
SCOTLAND has some of the toughest gun control laws in the world.
You need to fill in reams of paperwork and prove to police officers that you are not a danger to society.
Applicants must show they have a “good reason” for owning a gun.
Independent referees provide confidential character statements.
Officers check for a criminal record and speak to the applicant's GP for evidence of alcoholism, drug abuse or signs of personality disorder.
Social services can also be asked for reasons to turn down an applicant.
Finally, senior officers must be sure that prospective shotgun holders have a secure location for the weapon.
Each certificate is valid for five years.
The most important changes to UK guns laws followed two massacres.
In 1987, all modern semi-automatic rifles were banned after Michael Ryan shot dead 16 people in Hungerford, Berkshire.
And after Thomas Hamilton killed 16 schoolchildren and their teacher at Dunblane Primary School in 1996, Parliament banned all handguns.
Rohini Singh's story in The Wire on October 8 was a recital of facts on record. The meteoric rise in the financial fortunes of Jay Shah's Temple Enterprise is a story of numbers that could be explained as a text book case of superb management or, if not, by the providential infusion of finances. As yet no explanation at all has come forth, except governmental assertions of the legitimacy of a private business.
A defamation complaint, whatever its merit or lack of it, is no explanation to the public, and can never be a substitute for democratic accountability. Now that the government has stepped in without a moment's delay not only to vouch for the legitimacy of Jay Amit Shah's business dealings, but also by anticipating their need for legal representation by giving permission for the additional solicitor general to take up cudgels on their behalf – well before even the publication of the story – the matter is squarely one of governance and hence one which calls for answers to the public. Even otherwise, corporate governance is by itself a matter that calls for accountability to the public.
India is a democracy and the public's interest in both political and corporate governance means the call for explanations cannot be simply brushed aside. The manner in which some trading companies were opened and shut by Jay Shah, son of BJP president Amit Shah, for example, raises many serious questions which still elude answers. While railway minister Piyush Goyal contended these were legitimate businesses which were run and shut by Jay Shah, the questions that need clear answers are whether regulatory and corporate governance norms were properly followed in the way some of these businesses were conducted.
These answers could be provided by the Reserve Bank of India/Securities and Exchange Board of India or even the finance ministry which broadly interfaces with these regulatory institutions.
The first aspect which needs regulatory clarity is what is the nature of the relationship between Jay Shah and Rajesh Khandwala, owner of KIFS Financial Services, which lent Rs. 15.78 crore to Shah's company Temple Enterprise Pvt Ltd in the form of an unsecured loan.
The relationship between Jay Shah and Rajesh Khandwala is no ordinary matter because Rajesh Khandwala, the lender of an unsecured loan, was also a partner with Jay Shah in a limited liability company, Sattva Tradelinks, which was opened and shut within the same year in 2015.
There are strict NBFC norms which govern a business relationship where the lender becomes a partner in another business with the borrower. For one, specific RBI permission is needed to ensure that no conflict of interest arises when a lender becomes an equity partner with the promoters of the borrowing company. This becomes a very complicated business relationship and it this risk that partly discourages the RBI from allowing diversified corporate groups to own a bank. There is always the risk of such corporate groups' promoters channeling funds to other businesses where they may have an interest.
So did Rajesh Khandwala's NBFC, KIFS Financial Services, take RBI permission when they formed Sattva Tradelinks, a limited liability company in partnership with Jay Shah? These are regulatory issues which need answers.
Why an unsecured loan of Rs. 15.78 crore given to Jay Shah's company is not reported properly in the balance sheet of KIFS is the next question. There is a regulatory requirement that unsecured loans be separately reported in the balance sheet.
The nature of business interactions between Jay Shah and Rajesh Khandwala, therefore, points to a special relationship. In this context it may be interesting to study the background of the Khandwala family which has been in the share broking and financial services business for over two decades. The record shows a persistent, regulatory discord with SEBI, which had imposed fines and trading bans on them from time to time. Rajesh Khandwala and their brother Jayesh P. Khandwala have been running businesses under the KIFS banner since 1995, as a family enterprise.
As per the information memorandum submitted by KIFS Financial Services to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) at the time of its public listing in May 2013, a prohibitory order was passed by SEBI against Jayesh P. Khandwala, the brother of the managing director and promoter of the family entity back in 2006.
However, the SEBI order was set aside by the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) in April 2012 and remanded back for further trial. At this point, it was also clarified in the record of the proceeding that Jayesh Khandwala was neither a director nor a shareholder of the applicant company and has no interest in the assets of the applicant company. The proposed listed company had only Rajesh Khandwala as promoter because the elder brother's reputation had taken a beating following alleged market transgressions of the family firm in its previous avatar.
KIFS Securities, a portfolio manager that also controls KIFS Financial Services, had several run-ins with SEBI and there were also several criminal cases pending against it in various courts, as per the disclosure document filed by the company with the stock market watchdog in October 2015. Note that this is information provided by the company itself in the disclosure documents required for listing.
KIFS Securities was earlier known as Khandwala Integrated Financial Services and its name was changed in May 2010 on conversion from a private limited to public limited company.
In November 2006, SEBI, in a disgorgement order, indicted KIFS for its role in the IPO scam earlier that year. When a person or entity in the securities market makes a profit by fraudulent means, a disgorgement order is issued to repay those gains to affected investors with interest. The matter was settled through the consent order mechanism in which KIFS neither admitted nor denied guilt.
In May 2007, the regulator passed an ad-interim ex-parte “cease & desist order” in the matter of NSE F&O transactions. Again the matter was settled through a consent order.
In the same year, SEBI initiated inquiry proceedings against the KIFS group in a dispute relating to trading of Ranbaxy Laboratories shares. In 2010, SEBI issued a warning to KIFS in an inquiry proceeding in the matter of www.valuenotes.com.
KIFS, however, claimed that there was no pending “material” litigation or legal proceeding against it. KIFS also said that there were no material civil cases pending against it but admitted there are disputes relating to broking and depository participant services. Thus KIFS claimed that the series of criminal and regulatory proceedings enumerated above were not material to their business prospects.
KIFS had also formally admitted there were cases in which it was fined by the exchanges, depository, SEBI in the routine course of business for violation of securities law, which it claimed, do not ‘materially' affect its finance and operations.
A criminal case of cheating was filed against KIFS in the court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Bhavnagar. The case was still pending when the company filed the disclosure document with SEBI.
In sum, the background of Khandwala and KIFS itself raises a lot of issues of propriety and governance which could have a bearing upon the nature of the partnership between Rajesh Khandwala and Jay Shah.
A cartoon frog, once the ‘slacker' star of an internet comic strip, has been labeled an online hate symbol by the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) because of its new-found popularity among white supremacists.
‘Pepe the Frog' - otherwise known as ‘Sad Frog' - debuted in San Francisco illustrator Matt Furie's comic Boy's Club back in 2005.
The series became a viral hit in the early days of social media and was prolifically shared on platforms such as MySpace, Reddit and 4chan's anonymous image board. Due to the nature of the internet, creator Furie has admitted that the use of Pepe's image is no longer something they can control.
With a vacant stare and bulging eyes, the frog is now a popular meme, often used as a ‘reaction face' in response to a subject (like Katy Perry's jetlag) or an event online.
Australian jet lag got me like pic.twitter.com/kriAAd6mZe — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) November 8, 2014
However, the ADL, a non-profit organization set up to fight anti-Semitism, says that since the US presidential race kicked off, the amphibian's likeness has been co-opted by the “alt-right segment of the white supremacist movement.”
The Hillary Clinton campaign also sought to highlight its neo-Nazi connotations this month after Pepe featured in an image shared by Donald Trump Jr reacting to their “basket of deplorables” jibe.
While the cartoon's genesis is innocent, the ADL states the image's recent use to spread “racist, anti-Semitic or other bigoted themes” means it must now be considered a symbol of hate.
The group has entered it into a ‘hate symbol database', where the anti-police acronym “ACAB” and Ku Klux Klan insignia can also be found.
“Images of the frog, variously portrayed with a Hitler-like moustache, wearing a yarmulke or a Klan hood, have proliferated in recent weeks in hateful messages aimed at Jewish and other users on Twitter,” a statement by the ADL said.
Pepe has also been cast as a sandy-haired presidential candidate, smirking at a US border fence keeping out a couple in traditional Mexican dress.
“Once again, racists and haters have taken a popular internet meme and twisted it for their own purposes of spreading bigotry and harassing users,” said Jonathan A Greenblatt, ADL CEO. “These anti-Semites have no shame. They are abusing the image of a cartoon character, one that might at first seem appealing, to harass and spread hatred on social media.”
Racist Pepe
It's difficult to pinpoint the exact moment Pepe transformed from college cartoon to racist, bigot-fodder. There are scores of examples of memes being given a racist or misogynist twist, with some based on offensive stereotypes.
A Daily Beast article earlier this year featuring two anonymous white supremacist Twitter users gave rise to the idea the meme was the victim of a bizarre plot to co-opt its already broad meaning.
“Turning Pepe into a white nationalist icon was one of our original goals, although we've had our hands in many other things,” @PaulTown_ told the publication. A second source, @JaredTSwift, also said Trump's online support has been “crucial” to the supposed campaign.
Taking the word of two anonymous keyboard warriors seems like a recipe for disaster, but the frog's appearance in the midst of US election controversy has brought its negative use to the foreground.
In October 2015, Donald Trump linked themselves to Pepe when they tweeted an image portraying The Donald in ‘green-face', alongside a video putting down their opponents on the campaign trail.
More recently though, Pepe's fall from grace seems to have been further hastened after being drawn into Hillary Clinton's “basket of deplorables” in an image shared by Donald Trump's son on Instagram.
The image shows Republican presidential candidate Trump heading up a team dubbed “The Deplorables”. Alongside the billionaire business people are running mate Mike Pence, Alex Jones, Trump's two sons, and yes, Pepe.
“Apparently I made the cut as one of the Deplorables,” Donald Trump Jr captioned the image. “All kidding aside I am honored to be grouped with the hardworking men and women of this great nation that have supported @realdonaldtrump and know that they can fix the mess created by politicians in Washington.”
The Instagram picture was picked up by the Hillary Clinton campaign team on September 12, where a post on the Democrat's website denounced the frog cartoon as “sinister” and a “symbol associated with white supremacy.”
After social mobile application Oink was shut down on Wednesday, the company behind the app, Milk, put up a “download your data” option so that users to grab their content one last time. It seemed, however, you could grab just about anyone's content simply by typing in their user name.
However, Milk founder Kevin Rose has informed us that a unique hash has been added to each link to stop just anyone from accessing your content.
“For Oink it has always been that everything that a user does is public,” Rose told VentureBeat. “It's posted to their profile pages; there's no way to hide any of that data.”
Oink was an odd combination of Instagram, Yelp, and Foursquare, where people could take photos of their surroundings, add filters, rate what they're doing, and check-in to various locations. It was obviously a little confused from the start, which may have led to its closing.
Pulse blogger Cristina Cordova was an Oink user, and when the announcement came out on Wednesday, they attempted to save their content. The Oink website asked them for their username or e-mail only, and then e-mailed a link to the data download.
The link (pictured right) is defined by a username, so if you input another person's username, their data can be downloaded using the same link. Cordova swapped out their username for Oink founder Kevin Rose's and it worked (you can check out their photos below). It seems the element of “security” here was the fact that a user only receives the download link if they have access to the associated e-mail account. But being able to manipulate the link itself is a vulnerability.
That being said, all of the information on Oink was intended for public consumption. Reviews, photos of places, public “check-ins” are open to the outside world. However, the oversight could be detrimental if used on the wrong application (imagine if Facebook had a bug like that).
“With Facebook it's always tricky because there's private and public data that's inter-tangled,” Rose explained.
Rose was recently hired by Google. They confirmed the move today, stating that they and three others from Milk would be moving on to the search giant. What they will be working on has not been released.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a big movie. Big in scope, dense in story, and pivotal to the Marvel Cinematic Universe as a whole. It continues the story of Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), also known as Captain America, as they begin to return to “normal” life after saving the world with some friends in The Avengers. He's joined by fellow S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Natasha Romanoff (Scarlett Johansson), director Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), a soldier turned friend Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie) and a slew of others including, but not limited to, characters played by Sebastian Stan, Robert Redford, Frank Grillo, Georges St. Pierre, Cobie Smulders and Hayley Atwell. Like I said, it's a big movie.
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo do a solid job of molding all these moving parts into a story that, for the most part, makes sense. But even when the story gets a little too complicated and the exposition a bit too wordy, it's quickly saved by its entertaining action and continual narrative twists. Many of these will change everything you thought you knew about the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And I'm not just talking about the two credits scenes. Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a fun, worthy, if slightly bulky entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
As the story begins, Rogers is beginning to question the authority of S.H.I.E.L.D. The events of The Avengers have changed how the agency operates and Rogers isn't quite sure if this is how they want to spend the life they so luckily gets to live. This emerging internal struggle is incredibly interesting and complex, but is quickly side-stepped when Rogers' worst fears come to pass. The action is necessary to get the plot moving, but slightly disappointing because these internal issues are pushed away for the story.
To describe the story in almost any detail beyond that would be considered a spoiler by anyone who would care. I'll say it continually keeps you guessing, interested, and maybe even scratching your head a bit while looking at how it all fits together. It works, make no mistake, but at times the film – which runs 136 minutes – does go a tad too heavy on the plot.
That plot is, of course, punctuated with action scenes, and really good ones at that. The Russos talked a bunch about The Raid before release and you see the influence of that film in the hard-hitting fights. There's a lot of hand-to-hand combat in Captain America: The Winter Soldier, in addition to tons of gunplay, aerial battles, and car chases. The Russos — working from a script by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely — have created a widely varied action film. One downside to that action is that, as this is the Russos' first movie of this scope, it doesn't always flow as well as you'd hope. Again, a minor gripe.
All the returning actors — Evans, Johansson, Stan, Jackson etc. — are better in this film than they've been in any previous Marvel movie. That's likely a result of each getting increasingly comfortable in this expanding universe. Out of the new additions, though, Anthony Mackie is far and away the standout. Their Falcon is exhilarating, both as a hero and human, and Mackie brings humor and gravitas to the role.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an ideal middle chapter in a larger story. The performances are charismatic, the story is surprising, and the action exciting. Plot wise, there's some complex stuff going on ,which you'll definitely need a conversation or two to get straight. When that happens though, you'll be on pins and needles to see what it all means for everything Marvel moving ahead. There are some problems, but even acknowledging those, it's hard not to fall in love with Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
/Film rating 7.5 out of 10
Democrat Keith Ellison fired back today at their fellow Minnesota lawmaker, Republican Michele Bachmann, with a letter excoriating them for failing to provide evidence to support their witch hunt against Muslims in the U.S. government. Meanwhile, Sen. John McCain became the first Republican to speak out against Bachmann's McCarthyite campaign, delivering a bold and moving floor speech on their "specious" charges.
Ellison had earlier requested documentation to support Bachmann's claim that there is a “deep penetration” of Muslim Brotherhood agents into national security agencies, but they wrote today, “A careful review of your 16-page response reveals that you fail to provide any credible evidence for your claims, engage in guilt by association, and continue to rely on discredited sources.” Bachmann's lengthy missive, sent last Friday, “simply rehashes claims that have existed for years on anti-Muslim websites,” they wrote.
Advertisement:
Bachmann had targeted by name Huma Abedin, a top aide to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the wife of former Rep. Anthony Weiner. Ellison notes, “You provide absolutely no information about Ms. Abedin herself” and “fail to explain your claims regarding Ms. Abedin's mother and brother,” whom Bachmann had also implicated without explanation. Indeed, the allegations against Abedin are wildly tangential, at best.
Ellison also goes after Bachmann's sourcing, especially Frank Gaffney, a former defense official who has made a career out of smearing Muslims and even conservatives who are too friendly to them. "Your response does not address concerns about the primary source of your information, MuslimBrotherhoodinAmerica.com, which you reference prominently in your letters. The founder of that Website, Frank Gaffney, has a long history of making unsubstantiated anti-Muslim allegations ... Your response fails to explain how your claims are any more credible than Mr. Gaffney's accusations against these individuals."
Finally, the Minnesota Democrat, who was the first Muslim elected to Congress, makes an oblique but clear comparison to McCarthy by quoting Edward R. Murrow, the TV newsman who helped take down the senator. "We must remember always that accusation is not proof, and that conviction depends upon evidence and due process of law."
Meanwhile, across the Capitol, McCain said from the floor, "To say that the accusations made in both documents are not substantiated by the evidence they offer is to be overly polite and diplomatic about it ... It is far better, and more accurate, to talk straight: These allegations about Huma, and the report from which they are drawn, are nothing less than an unwarranted and unfounded attack on an honorable citizen, a dedicated American and a loyal public servant."
“Ultimately,” the Arizona Republican continued, “what is at stake in this matter is larger even than the reputation of one person. This is about who we are as a nation, and who we aspire to be. What makes America exceptional among the countries of the world is that we are bound together as citizens not by blood or class, not by sect or ethnicity, but by a set of enduring, universal, and equal rights that are the foundation of our Constitution, our laws, our citizenry, and our identity. When anyone, not least a member of Congress, launches specious and degrading attacks against fellow Americans on the basis of nothing more than fear of who they are and ignorance of what they stand for, it defames the spirit of our nation, and we all grow poorer because of it.”
UPDATE: Bachmann apparently responded to McCain in a statement, though they ignored what McCain actually said and did not address them directly. Bachmann defended their letters to the inspectors general of several national security agencies calling for investigations in Muslim Brotherhood infiltration, saying, “ I will not be silent as this administration appeases our enemies instead of telling the truth about the threats our country faces.”
Australian copyright infringers could receive ‘threatening' letters similar to those sent out in the United States, lawyers for Dallas Buyers Club admitted today.
During the second day of hearings in the legal battle against iiNet and DBC over end-user copyright infringement, the internet service provider's counsel raised concerns that DBC would demand payment for alleged piracy should it be given users' contact details.
The tactic has been used by DBC and others in the United States in an effort to stamp out copyright infringement of films through peer-to-peer file sharing networks like BitTorrent.
DBC is fighting iiNet in Australia for access to customer details associated with around 4200 IP addresses it says have been engaged in copyright infringement.
iiNet has resisted the demand partially due to concerns the rights holder will attempt to scare the ISP's users into payment.
Under cross-examination in the Federal Court today, royalties vice president of DBC owner Voltage, Michael Wickstrom, said the template for the US letters would not necessarily be replicated in Australia, but said the US method had been effective.
“I'd defer to my attorneys to come up with a solution that works locally. [We have to work out] what is the local law, are we overstepping, what is the protocol," they said.
“I would give them some examples to say ‘is this sufficient for Australia, or does it need to be changed?'
“[But] we have seen piracy numbers go down in the US, traffic is going way down. We have seen it physically fall.”
The company's letters to alleged infringers in the US [pdf] open with notice of a legal claim being filed, followed by an offer to forego the legal action should the user agree to pay a specified fee.
The approach has generated criticism as a revenue-generating endeavour seeking to reap a settlement fee from citizens unable to afford the costs of an expensive court case.
Wickstrom denied the letters were designed to scare the recipients into paying up, and said they were aimed at ensuring the user understood the seriousness of the offence.
“There's no guilt, there's no scare tactics, there are facts. We encourage you to seek legal advice if you don't understand the letter,” they said.
“We're stating that there was illegal activity at the IP address, and generally the account holder is the one infringing.”
However, DBC counsel later admitted the letters to Australian infringers could likely take the same tone as those sent in the US.
“If Wickstrom is the person calling the shots, could we accept the letters will be as firm as in the US?” Justice Perram asked.
“I would accept that,” counsel for DBC Ian Pike replied.
Industry code too 'uncertain'
The rights holder argued against calls by iiNet for the court to wait until the Government's proposed anti-piracy code comes into effect in April.
iiNet yesterday said making a ruling on the case prior to the code being introduced would be unbalanced, but Pike argued that waiting would further set back progress.
“Assuming [the draft] is finalised, it will then be provided to ACMA by April 8 for registration. There is then a process that needs to be gone through by ACMA to determine whether it can be registered," they said.
“The short point is that it's not going to be rubber stamped when it gets to ACMA. We don't know how the proposed code will impact on my client - will it be retrospective? There are all sorts of uncertainties.”
The case continues.
Scrypt ASIC Prices Still High in the Current Market Situation 3 Jun
2014
As more and more Scrypt ASIC manufacturers start shipping their products or are close to the announced shipping dates, the people are busy considering if it is really worth investing into that mining hardware or they should just move forward to new GPU mining options. Let us face the truth, with the current market situation, the price of the Litecoin (LTC) remaining pretty low, but quite stable lately, if you buy a Scrypt ASIC for mining LTC and do the math with the current prices and hashrates you will not like the result. The time to break even with the smaller Scrypt ASICs ranges from never to an year or two maybe and only the top-end $10K USD systems that are supposed to start shipping in a month or two may eventually manage to get you a quicker ROI. Mind you there are no guarantees with them as well as there are many factors that may influence the market while you are waiting for your pre-ordered hardware to arrive at your doorstep. There is even the chance that Alpha Technology and KnCMiner, among others that have not yet started shipping, would not be able to deliver what they have promised in terms of specifications. We've already seen such an example with Zeus as their ZeusMiners that are consuming much more power than what was initially announced, according to the people that already have received their hardware. So even if the calculations seem fine at the moment when you get your pre-ordered Scrypt mining hardware, they might not be as good as the current situation. With Scrypt ASICs and in general with ASIC hardware you should be ready for the worst and hope for the best…
Let us give you a real world example, let us say we have an option to get a Gridseed G-Blade currently being sold for $615 USD (a very attractive price actually) that offers 5.2 MHS hashrate at 140W power usage. Then we also have an option for a 13 MHS GAW Black Widow, based on Zeus ASIC chips, that uses 520W of power and costs $1,799.95 USD. And a third option for an 24-28 MHS A2Mini Miner, based around Innosilicon A2 ASIC chips, using only about 250W of power. If we are to reach the same hashrate of the Black Widow we would need 3x G-Blades (15 MHS) and we are going to have 420W of power usage for a price of $1845 USD. So for just a few dollars more we are going to get 3x Gridseed G-Blade miners that will provide 2 MHS more of hashrate, consume less power and we are not going to have to wait for them to be ready for shipping. Next up 5x G-Blades totaling around 26 MHS hashrate with 700W of power usage will cost us about $3075 USD, while the 24-28 MHS A2Mini with 250W of power usage will cost us $3900 USD. There is a higher power usage for pretty much the same hashrate, but we are going to be saving over $800 USD if we go for the already available for a while Gridseed G-Blades.
What is wrong with the above example, is the Gridseed G-Blade just too cheap or the other Scrypt ASIC miners are just too expensive, so that we can get similar or even better results with the Gridseed hardware? The price of about $615 USD is just about right for what the G-Blade currently offers, so it seems that the other ASIC manufacturers are trying to maximize their profits, but by doing that they may be driving away customers. If the ASIC business is working as it should be, when you do the math and are going for a more powerful ASIC hardware in terms of hashrate, it should be more attractive price wise and not the opposite, so if you have the money you would consider going for the bigger and more powerful systems. Apparently this is not happening at the moment and as a result more and more potential customers are deciding against investing in expensive Scrypt ASIC hardware. What companies making Scrypt ASIC hardware should do is not to keep trying to maximize their profit while they can, as apparently they cannot do that anymore, but instead have to try to provide products at prices that will be attractive for the mass of people that are mining crypto currencies. The 300 MHS KnC Titan may sound great, but not many typical small miners are able to pay $10K USD for, we actually need smaller and affordable Scrypt ASIC miners, so that more and more people will use them in order not to centralize the hashing power in just a few big mining farms. We need to have a lot of people mining and using LTC and other Scrypt crypto currencies if we want to have them survive and develop further, otherwise Litecoin and Scrypt can just die and be replaced by new GPU mineable crypto currencies such as DarkCoin for example.
What we are already seeing is that a lot of miners using GPUs are no longer mining Scrypt crypto currencies, and are moving to other alternatives. X11 and more specifically DarkCoin (DRK) has recently surpassed the price at which Litecoin is being traded at. This, along with the fact that there are almost no new Scrypt crypto currencies being launched anymore, is a serious signal that the mass of miners is already not so interested in Scrypt crypto currencies. The reason for that are of course the Scrypt ASICs and if the business model of the companies making This does not change in the right direction, then some companies might be out of business before they even have products ready for shipping. If you believe in the future of Litecoin and other Scrypt crypto currencies, what you can currently do is to buy the coin on an exchange and wait for its rate to get higher in the future instead of buying a Scrypt ASIC and hoping that you would be able to mine more than what you have paid for the hardware in a reasonable amount of time. With the current prices for most of the Scrypt ASIC hardware, investing the same amount of cash directly for buying the coin could be more profitable than to spend your money for ASIC miners. After all what makes a crypto currency is the community behind it, the larger and more active in mining and using the crypto the community is, the better it is for the coin on the long run. And with all of the currently released and upcoming expensive Scrypt ASIC miners, things may start to get more and more centralized and the community to start getting smaller and smaller, and that is precisely what most of the crypto currencies are trying to avoid.
So we do not need only $10K ultra powerful Scrypt ASIC miners that will go to just a handful of people and will be used in big mining farms – really making a lot of money mining with them. We need more affordable solutions that still offer a decent return of investment in reasonable time, so that more and more people could continue using Litecoin and other Scrypt crypto currencies. Because even if only a few people mine most of the Litecoins, there should still be somebody interested in buying them in order for the whole thing to be worth it, but what happens if there is nobody interested in buying? And a direct comparison with Bitcoin and when the first SHA-256 ASICs started appearing is not not a good example, because now there are way more people mining and way more alternatives available, and while Bitcoin is already here to stay we cannot say the same thing for Litecoin and the many other Scrypt currencies. There are already a lot of other non-Scrypt based alternatives available, and people are already turning to them, so something has to be done by the Scrypt ASIC manufacturers in order for them to have business in the future. Making a big profit quickly by selling expensive hardware and not investing back to further develop the crypto community is clearly not the way that things should be happening, or you are not going to be able to do it for long.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Internet giant Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), the new holding company for Google, expects to begin delivering packages to consumers via drones sometime in 2017, the executive in charge of its drone effort said on Monday.
Google's Project Wing drone is seen in this undated demonstration video. REUTERS/Courtesy of Google
David Vos, the leader for Alphabet's Project Wing, said their company is in talks with the Federal Aviation Administration and other stakeholders about setting up an air traffic control system for drones that would use cellular and Internet technology to coordinate unmanned aerial vehicle flights at altitudes under 500 feet (152 meters).
“Our goal is to have commercial business up and running in 2017,” they told an audience at an air traffic control convention near Washington.
Alphabet and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) are among a growing number of companies that intend to make package delivery by drone a reality. But drone deliveries are not expected to take flight until after the FAA publishes final rules for commercial drone operations, which are expected early next year.
Two years after initial research began, Project Wing was announced in August 2014 with a YouTube video showing a field test of its most viable prototype in Australia.
The prototype flown in Australia, 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) wide and 0.8 meters (2.6 feet) tall, shares the same four-propeller quad copter design as popular consumer drones, but the company said consumers can expect to see new vehicle types and shapes as the project unfolds.
Inside the United States, Project Wing has conducted testing with NASA.
Vos, who is co-chair of an FAA task force charged with coming up with a drone registry, said a system for identifying drone operators and keeping UAV away from other aircraft could be set up within 12 months.
“We're pretty much on a campaign here, working with the FAA, working with the small UAV community and the aviation community at large, to move things along,” they said.
Vos said a drone registry, which the Obama administration hopes to set in place by Dec. 20, would be a first step toward a system that could use wireless telecommunications and Internet technology including cellphone applications to identify drones and keep UAV clear of other aircraft and controlled airspace.
They said Google would like to see low altitude “Class G” airspace carved out for drones, saying it would keep UAV away from most manned aircraft aside from low-flying helicopters, while enabling drones to fly over highly populated areas.
Editor's note: This story was updated on May 22 to reflect the House giving this measure final approval Monday in a 94-51 vote, sending it back to the Senate.
Amid threats of a special legislative session over the “bathroom bill,” the Texas House on Sunday took a last-minute vote to approve a proposal that would keep transgender students from using school bathrooms that match their gender identity.
The House voted 91-50 to amend Senate Bill 2078 — which focuses on school districts' “multihazard emergency operations plans” — to add bathroom restrictions that some Republicans had pushed for since the beginning of the legislative session.
Throughout the tense floor debate, Republicans insisted the legislation was not meant to target transgender students, while Democrats likened the proposal to Jim Crow-era policies that segregated bathroom use based on race. Under the proposal, a transgender student who “does not wish” to use a facility based on “biological sex” would instead use single-stall restrooms, locker rooms and changing facilities at their school.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“White. Colored. I was living through that era ... bathrooms divided us then, and it divides us now,” Democratic state Rep. Senfronia Thompson of Houston, a black woman, told their colleagues. “America has long recognized that separate but equal is not equal at all.”
Republican state Rep. Chris Paddie of Marshall argued that their amendment language did not discriminate “against anyone" and would provide “definitive guidance” to school districts,
“This does not provide accommodation for a protected class of students. This provides accommodation for all students,” Paddie said.
But the adopted amendment could override existing trans-inclusive policies at some school districts that allow transgender children to use the bathroom of their choice.
"If they are biologically considered to be a female, they must use that [facility]," Paddie said in laying out this amendment. "Otherwise, there will be accommodations made for them to use a single-occupancy facility."
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Heading into the final stretch of the legislative session, and with Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick threatening to push for a special session if the bathroom bill doesn't pass, House members narrowed the approach that senators have been championing through Senate Bill 6 — the “bathroom bill” from state Sen. Lois Kolkhorst, R-Brenham.
SB 6 would have required transgender Texans to use bathrooms in government buildings and public schools that match their “biological sex.” The measure would have also prohibited local governments from adopting or enforcing local bathroom regulations.
The House chose to focus only on schools, and attached the measure onto SB 2078, which addresses school districts' emergency response plans in cases of natural disasters, active shooters and other “dangerous scenarios.”
Until now, House leadership had been reluctant to act on bathroom-related legislation over concerns of economic fallout. House Speaker Joe Straus, who has said the bathroom legislation felt “manufactured and unnecessary,” bottled up SB 6 by refusing to refer it to a committee — an early step in the legislative process. A House bill that addressed the issue also stalled.
But the bathroom legislation became the final sticking point in efforts to avoid a special session, pushing Republicans in the House to turn to a compromise on regulating only school policies — a narrower measure than both of the original proposals for bathroom regulations.
While only the governor can actually call a special session, Patrick had warned they were willing to hold hostage a measure known as the “sunset safety net bill,” a must-pass measure to keep certain state agencies from shutting down. All state agencies must undergo periodic "sunset" reviews, but they're often added to the safety net bill if lawmakers fail to reauthorize them in time.
Gov. Greg Abbott, who was largely silent on the issue throughout the legislative session, recently endorsed the bathroom legislation as a priority. Their office had insisted that they believed the legislation could be passed during the regular legislative session.
But Straus on Sunday said the governor made clear “he would demand action on this in a special session, and the House decided to dispose of the issue in this way.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Record vote of amendment to restrict school bathroom use for transgender students. Alexa Ura
After Sunday's vote, Straus suggested in a statement that the amendment would not drastically alter the way in which schools have handled “sensitive issues,” and would help the state “avoid the severely negative impact of Senate Bill 6.”
“Members of the House wanted to act on this issue and my philosophy as Speaker has never been to force my will on the body,” Straus said of the vote despite their opposition to bathroom-related legislation.
Both the House and Senate proposals drew support from religious leaders and social conservatives, but they immediately led to outcries from civil rights groups and local officials concerned about discrimination toward transgender Texans. Business groups, chambers of commerce, big investors, sports leagues and tourism groups campaigned against the measures, saying they were discriminatory and risked hurting the state's economy.
By focusing on schools, Republicans could presumably thwart some of those concerns by letting stand local nondiscrimination ordinances — some on the books for decades in the state's biggest cities — that are meant to allow transgender residents to use public bathrooms that match their gender identity.
But the measure adopted by the House could lead to serious repercussions for students who have already received special accommodations at their schools. Some Texas school districts allow transgender students to use the bathroom that matches their gender identity through formal policies or on a case-by-case basis.
Despite the whittled-down version that was ultimately voted on, Democrats refused to characterize the legislation in any other way but a “bathroom bill.”
“Let's be honest and clear here: This amendment is the bathroom bill, and the bathroom bill is an attack on transgender people,” said state Rep. Joe Moody, D-El Paso. “Some people don't want to admit that. Maybe that's because they're ashamed, but make no mistake about it — this is shameful.”
The legislation with the bathroom amendment must still receive final approval by the House, which could come as soon as Monday. (Update, May 22: The House gave the measure final approval on Monday in a 94-51 vote.) The Senate would then have to approve the amendment when the bill makes it back to that chamber before sending it to the governor's desk.
The bathroom measure has already picked up an endorsement from Texas Association of School Boards.
"The House has approved language intended to be a common-sense solution regarding the use of restrooms and other facilities in public schools,” Grover Campbell, the group's director of governmental relations, said in a statement. “The language captures in law a solution many districts already use locally, seeking a balance between ensuring privacy and security for all students and respecting the dignity of all students."
But LGBT advocates reiterated their fierce opposition to any sort of bathroom restrictions for transgender people.
“This shameful amendment is yet another example of Texas lawmakers' anti-LGBTQ agenda,” said JoDee Winterhof, the Human Rights Campaign's senior vice president for policy and political affairs. “Transgender youth deserve the same dignity and respect as their peers, and this craven attempt to use children as a pawn for cheap political points is disturbing and unconscionable.”
It's also likely that lawmakers are setting up a legal challenge. In a statement released Sunday before of the House vote, Jennifer Pizer of Lambda Legal said the LGBT legal advocacy group would “be on the case before the next school bell rings” if Texas lawmakers “forced discrimination into Texas law.”
Read related coverage:
Disclosure: The Texas Association of School Boards has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors is available here.
Reference Text of the Paddie amendment added to Senate Bill 2078 (33.8 KB) DOWNLOAD
New conversion process turns biomass 'waste' into lucrative chemical products
December 17, 2014
Mahdi Abu-Omar, Purdue's R.B. Wetherill Professor of Chemistry, holds a small vial containing results of a new catalytic process that can convert the lignin in wood into high-value chemical products for use in fragrances and flavoring. (Purdue University photo/Mark Simons)
Download Photo
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — A new catalytic process is able to convert what was once considered biomass waste into lucrative chemical products that can be used in fragrances, flavorings or to create high-octane fuel for racecars and jets.
A team of researchers from Purdue University's Center for Direct Catalytic Conversion of Biomass to Biofuels, or C3Bio, has developed a process that uses a chemical catalyst and heat to spur reactions that convert lignin into valuable chemical commodities. Lignin is a tough and highly complex molecule that gives the plant cell wall its rigid structure.
Mahdi Abu-Omar, the R.B. Wetherill Professor of Chemistry and Professor of Chemical Engineering and associate director of C3Bio, led the team.
"We are able to take lignin - which most biorefineries consider waste to be burned for its heat - and turn it into high-value molecules that have applications in fragrance, flavoring and high-octane jet fuels," Abu-Omar said. "We can do this while simultaneously producing from the biomass lignin-free cellulose, which is the basis of ethanol and other liquid fuels. We do all of this in a one-step process."
Plant biomass is made up primarily of lignin and cellulose, a long chain of sugar molecules that is the bulk material of plant cell walls. In standard production of ethanol, enzymes are used to break down the biomass and release sugars. Yeast then feast on the sugars and create ethanol.
Lignin acts as a physical barrier that makes it difficult to extract sugars from biomass and acts as a chemical barrier that poisons the enzymes. Many refining processes include harsh pretreatment steps to break down and remove lignin, they said.
"Lignin is far more than just a tough barrier preventing us from getting the good stuff out of biomass, and we need to look at the problem differently," Abu-Omar said. "While lignin accounts for approximately 25 percent of the biomass by weight, it accounts for approximately 37 percent of the carbon in biomass. As a carbon source lignin can be very valuable, we just need a way to tap into it without jeopardizing the sugars we need for biofuels."
Members of Purdue professor Mahdi Abu-Omar's research team are, from left, Ian Klein, a graduate student in the Department of Chemistry; Basudeb Saha, an associate research scientist in the Department of Chemistry; Trenton Parsell, a visiting scholar in the Department of Chemistry; and Mahdi Abu-Omar, Purdue's R.B. Wetherill Professor of Chemistry and associate director of the C3Bio center. (Purdue University photo/Mark Simons)
Download Photo
The Purdue team developed a process that starts with untreated chipped and milled wood from sustainable poplar, eucalyptus or birch trees. A catalyst is added to initiate and speed the desired chemical reactions, but is not consumed by them and can be recycled and used again. A solvent is added to the mix to help dissolve and loosen up the materials. The mixture is contained in a pressurized reactor and heated for several hours. The process breaks up the lignin molecules and results in lignin-free cellulose and a liquid stream that contains two additional chemical products, Abu-Omar said.
The liquid stream contains the solvent, which is easily evaporated and recycled, and two phenols, a class of aromatic hydrocarbon compounds used in perfumes and flavorings. A commonly used artificial vanilla flavoring is currently produced using a phenol that comes from petroleum, they said.
The team also developed an additional process that uses another catalyst to convert the two phenol products into high-octane hydrocarbon fuel suitable for use as drop-in gasoline. The fuel produced has a research octane rating greater than100, whereas the average gas we put into our cars has an octane rating in the eighties, they said.
The processes and resulting products are detailed in a paper published online in the Royal Society of Chemistry journal Green Chemistry. The U.S. Department of Energy funded the research.
In addition to Abu-Omar, co-authors include Trenton Parsell, a visiting scholar in the Department of Chemistry; chemical engineering graduate students Sara Yohe, John Degenstein, Emre Gencer, and Harshavardhan Choudhari; chemistry graduate students Ian Klein, Tiffany Jarrell, and Matt Hurt; agricultural and biological engineering graduate student Barron Hewetson; Jeong Im Kim, associate research scientist in biochemistry; Basudeb Saha, associate research scientist in chemistry; Richard Meilan, professor of forestry and natural reserouces; Nathan Mosier, associate professor of agricultural and biological engineering; Fabio Ribeiro, the R. Norris and Eleanor Shreve Professor of Chemical Engineering; W. Nicholas Delgass, the Maxine S. Nichols Emeritus Professor of Chemical Engineering; Clint Chapple, the head and distinguished professor of biochemistry; Hilkka I. Kenttamaa, professor of chemistry; and Rakesh Agrawal, the Winthrop E. Stone Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering.
The catalyst is expensive, and the team plans to further study efficient ways to recycle it, along with ways to scale up the entire process, Abu-Omar said.
"A biorefinery that focuses not only on ethanol, but on other products that can be made from the biomass is more efficient and profitable overall," they said. "It is possible that lignin could turn out to be more valuable than cellulose and could subsidize the production of ethanol from sustainable biomass."
The U.S. Department of Energy-funded C3Bio center is an Energy Frontier Research Center. It is part of Discovery Park's Energy Center and the Bindley Bioscience Center at Purdue.
Purdue Research Foundation has filed patent applications and launched a startup company, Spero Energy, which was founded by Abu-Omar.
Writer: Elizabeth K. Gardner, 765-494-2081, ekgardner@purdue.edu
Source: Mahdi Abu-Omar, 765-494-5302, mabuomar@purdue.edu
Related video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97bV3F6jaf0
http://www.websedge.com/videos/science_amp_the_environment_channel/#/energy_center
Related news releases:
Purdue researchers launch innovative biomass renewable energy company
http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2014/Q1/purdue-researchers-launch-innovative-biomass-renewable-energy-company.html
Discovery Park center awarded $12 million DOE grant to advance research for converting plant biomass into liquid hydrocarbon fuels
http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2014/Q2/discovery-park-center-awarded-12-million-doe-grant-to-advance-research-for-converting-plant-biomass-into-liquid-hydrocarbon-fuels.html
Purdue to find game changing way to produce biofuels
http://www.purdue.edu/uns/x/2009a/090507McCannEFRC.html
This is some seriously big news for horror film purists—historic news, even. After so many years of none of Universal's classic monster movies being available to stream via major streaming services, they're finally about to arrive … on AMC's Shudder.
We've written extensively about Shudder in the past—it's a horror and thriller-based streaming service backed by the TV station AMC, which has pioneered the conception of genre-based streaming services, much in the same way that WWE Network did for wrestling fans, which helped prove the viability of niche streaming. I have a Shudder subscription myself, and have often found it a valuable resource for easily seeing films that Netflix wouldn't dare touch with a 10-foot pole. But I never really expected Shudder would pull off this kind of coup. This is like a Halloween Miracle.
When we say “Universal Monster movies,” we're talking about the bigs: Dracula, Frankenstein, The Wolf Man and more. These classic films are must-sees for students of horror history, but access to them has become increasingly difficult over the years—Netflix doesn't even have The Wolf Man via its DVD service right now! All in all, Shudder will be adding six of these films—certainly an impressive total, although one wishes they could have gone all the way and included other classics such as Son of Frankenstein. But it's very likely that they already paid a hefty sum for the right to display these Universal classics, so kudos to whichever bigwig decided to open the coffers. One wonders if this has anything to do with Universal's so-called “Dark Universe,” which is seeking to reboot all of the classic monster movies—or at least it was before the critical drubbing and weak U.S. box office of 2017's The Mummy left the future of the series in doubt.
Here's the full list of films coming to Shudder, which all arrive today, along with their short descriptions.
Dracula, 1931 – Bela Lugosi stars in the Universal's classic adaptation of Bram Stoker's essential vampire tale.
Frankenstein, 1931 – Boris Karloff is the screen's most memorable creature in the story of Dr. Frankenstein, who pieces together salvaged body parts to create a human monster.
Bride of Frankenstein, 1935 – Karloff returns as the screen's most misunderstood monster and Elsa Lanchester stars as their ill-fated bride in one of horror's all-time greats.
The Invisible Man, 1933 – Claude Rains stars as a mysterious doctor who discovers a serum that makes them invisible and slowly drives them to commit acts of terror.
The Mummy, 1932 – Boris Karloff stars as the mummy Im-Ho-Tep, a high priest who is revived by British archaeologists 3,700 years after being embalmed alive.
The Wolf Man, 1941 – Lon Chaney Jr. stars in this horror masterpiece about a man who is attacked by a werewolf and then becomes one themselves at each full moon.
As frights go, it doesn't get much worse in Southwestern Ontario's farm belt.
A two-year-old girl, playing one minute with other kids, then suddenly gone.
The frantic parents, searching for two hours before they called police.
Darkness closing in.
The endless corn field nearby — 75 acres, its towering stalks packed at more than 20,000 plants an acre.
Wednesday, the 14-hour ordeal that confronted the unidentified toddler, and scores of volunteers who rushed to find her, ended with a neighbour spotting them in a bean field about a kilometre away.
There's a reason most rural parents warn their children to stay away from corn fields, police said — a point driven home by the overnight scare that left safety specialists echoing that message.
“Any two-year-old, the trouble is they move so darn fast,” said Dean Anderson of Workplace Safety and Prevention Services, formerly the Farm Safety Association.
At its height, the desperate search for the girl on the Whelan Line farm in Huron County, north of London, involved more than 80 emergency response personnel — police, dog search team officers, volunteer firefighters and paramedics. Family and neighbours also joined in.
Reported missing about 8 p.m. Tuesday, the little girl wasn't found until 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Overnight, an RCAF rescue helicopter from Trenton used its spotlights to scour the area.
With two million acres of corn grown in Ontario, much of it in the southwest, police sometimes get calls about children lost in the field but they're often quickly found.
This was a much longer ordeal, said OPP Const. Kees Wijnands.
They said it's easy enough for an adult to become disoriented in a corn field, let along a youngster.
“Playing near or in corn fields is dangerous, especially for young children,” they warned. “Some places abut a corn field. If kids are playing there, make sure they are supervised.”
What might have gone through the young girl's mind overnight Tuesday, lost and wandering in temperatures that fell to 15C, wasn't immediately clear: Police didn't identify the family and kept reporters away.
The family, police said, were new to Canada and there was a language barrier, suggesting they don't speak English. That could explain why they didn't immediately notify police the child was missing, they said.
The real risk in this case was dehydration or exposure, said Anderson, who noted giant corn fields can easily swallow even livestock.
“You often hear it with cattle, believe it or not,” they said.
Cows will go missing, surrounded by food with no incentive to leave, only to be found at harvest time.
For humans, it's a different story.
Besides the mature corn plants, so tall they easily dwarf adults, the other obstacle is the loud rustling of the plants. Anderson said a friend who lost their cellphone in a corn field tried to find it by calling it, but the rustling sound obscured the ringer.
For adults, Anderson said the solution to being lost in a corn field is simple — don't cross rows. “Just walk with the row until you get to the end of the field,” they said.
“It was very tall and very full,” they said.
After a futile night trying to find the girl Tuesday, searchers began a row-by-row grid search Wednesday.
The corn “was very tall and very full,” Wijnands said.
It was clear the child had moved very quickly when they were first lost, they said.
The girl, apparently in good shape when found, was taken to hospital as a precaution.
“There was some very happy parents and happy emergency response workers,” they said.?
?
In the first-ever study combing the entire human genome for genetic determinants of male sexual orientation, a University of Illinois at Chicago researcher has identified several areas that appear to influence whether a man is heterosexual or gay.
The study, which is currently available online, will be published in the March issue of the biomedical journal Human Genetics.
UIC's Brian Mustanski, working with colleagues at the National Institutes of Health, found stretches of DNA that appeared to be linked to sexual orientation on three different chromosomes in the nucleus of cells of the human male.
"There is no one 'gay' gene," said Mustanski, a psychologist in the UIC department of psychiatry and lead author of the study. "Sexual orientation is a complex trait, so it's not surprising that we found several DNA regions involved in its expression."
"Our best guess is that multiple genes, potentially interacting with environmental influences, explain differences in sexual orientation."
The genomes of 456 men from 146 families with two or more gay brothers were analyzed.
While earlier studies had focused solely on the X chromosome, one of the two sex chromosomes, the present study examined all 22 pairs of non-sex chromosomes in addition to the X chromosome. The other sex chromosome, called Y, was not explored because it is not believed to contain many genes.
Identical stretches of DNA on three chromosomes -- chromosomes 7, 8 and 10 -- were found to be shared in about 60 percent of the gay brothers in the study, compared to about 50 percent expected by chance. The region on chromosome 10 correlated with sexual orientation only if it was inherited from the mother.
"Our study helps to establish that genes play an important role in determining whether a man is gay or heterosexual," said Mustanski. "The next steps will be to see if these findings can be confirmed and to identify the particular genes within these newly discovered chromosomal sequences that are linked to sexual orientation."
###
Other researchers involved in the study were Dean Hamer, at the National Institutes of Health; Nicholas Schork and Caroline Nievergelt, at the University of California at San Diego; Michael DuPree, at Pennsylvania State University; and Sven Bocklandt, at the University of California at Los Angeles.
The study was supported in part by grants from the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health.
UIC ranks among the nation's top 50 universities in federal research funding and is Chicago's largest university with 25,000 students, 12,000 faculty and staff, 15 colleges and the state's major public medical center. A hallmark of the campus is the Great Cities Commitment, through which UIC faculty, students and staff engage with community, corporate, foundation and government partners in hundreds of programs to improve the quality of life in metropolitan areas around the world.
For more information about UIC, visit http://www.uic.edu.
It was created as a result of religious division between Hindus and Islamic peoples in former British Colomial India.
From the earliest period of pre-history and recorded history of the region, modern Pakistan formed the heart-land of a larger territory, extending beyond its present eastern and western borders and receiving momentous and mighty impacts from both the directions.
The Indus region, which covers much of Pakistan, was the site of several ancient cultures including the Neolithic era Mehrgarh and the Bronze era Indus Valley Civilization (2500 BCE - 1500 BCE) at Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro.[12]
Waves of conquerors and migrants from the west - including Harappan, Indo-Aryan, Persian, Greek, Saka, Parthian, Kushan, Hephthalite, Afghan, Arab, Turkics, and Mughal - settled in the region through out the centuries, influencing the locals and being absorbed among them. Great ancient empires of the east - such as Nandas, Mauryas, and Guptas - ruled these territories at different times. However, in the medieval period, while the eastern provinces of Punjab and Sindh became aligned with Indo-Islamic civilization, the western areas became culturally allied with the Iranic civilization of Afghanistan and Iran.[13] The region served as crossroads of historic trade routes, including the Silk Road, and as a maritime entreport, for the coastal trade between Mesopotamia and beyond up to Rome in the west and Malabar and beyond up to China in the east.
The Indus Valley Civilization collapsed in the middle of the second millennium BCE and was followed by the Vedic Civilization, which also extended over much of the Indo-Gangetic plains. Successive ancient empires and kingdoms ruled the region: the Achaemenid Persian empire[14] around 543 BCE, Greek empire founded by Alexander the Great[15] in 326 BCE and the Mauryan empire thereafter. The Indo-Greek Kingdom founded by Demetrius of Bactria included Gandhara and Punjab from 184 BCE, and reached its greatest extent under Menander, establishing the Greco-Buddhist period with advances in trade and culture. The city of Taxila (Takshashila) became a major centre of learning in ancient times - the remains of the city, located to the west of Islamabad, are one of the country's major archaeological sites. The Rai Dynasty (c.489-632) of Sindh, at its zenith, ruled this region and the surrounding territories.
In 712 CE, the Arab general Muhammad bin Qasim[16] conquered Sindh and Multan in southern Punjab. The Pakistan government's official chronology states that "its foundation was laid" as a result of this conquest.[17] This Arab and Islamic victory would set the stage for several successive Muslim empires in South Asia, including the Ghaznavid Empire, the Ghorid Kingdom, the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughal Empire. During this period, Sufi missionaries played a pivotal role in converting a majority of the regional Buddhist and Hindu population to Islam. The gradual decline of the Mughal Empire in the early eighteenth century provided opportunities for the Afghans, Balochis and Sikhs to exercise control over large areas until the British East India Company[18] gained ascendancy over South Asia.
The War of Independence 1857, also known as the Sepoy Mutiny, was the region's last major armed struggle against the foreign British Raj and it laid the foundations for the generally unarmed freedom struggle, led by the Hindu dominated Indian National Congress, in the twentieth century. The India Muslim League rose to popularity in the late 1930s amid fears of under-representation and neglect of Muslims in politics. On 29 December 1930, Allama Iqbal's presidential address called for an autonomous "state in northwestern India for Indian Muslims, within the body politic of India."[19] Muhammad Ali Jinnah espoused the Two Nation Theory and led the Muslim League to adopt the Lahore Resolution of 1940 (popularly known as the Pakistan Resolution), which ultimately led to the formation of an independent Pakistan. The Indian independence movement, led by Mahatma Gandhi, demanded freedom from British rule. In early 1947, Britain, coming under strong pressure from other Western nations to end its violent suppression of the freedom movement, decided to end its rule of India.
In June 1947, the nationalist leaders of British India - including Nehru and Abul Kalam Azad on behalf of the Congress, Jinnah representing the Muslim League, B. R. Ambedkar representing the Untouchable community, and Master Tara Singh representing the Sikhs - agreed to the proposed terms of transfer of power and independence. The modern state of Pakistan was established on 14 August 1947 (27 Ramadan 1366 in the Islamic Calendar), carved out of the two Muslim-majority wings in the eastern and northwestern regions of British India and comprising the provinces of Balochistan, East Bengal, the North-West Frontier Province, West Punjab and Sindh. The controversial division of the provinces of Punjab and Bengal set the stage for communal riots across India and Pakistan - millions of Muslims moved to Pakistan and millions of Hindus and Sikhs moved to India. Disputes arose over several princely states including Muslim-majority Kashmir and Jammu, whose ruler had acceded to India following an invasion by Pashtun warriors, leading to the First Kashmir War in 1948.
From 1947 to 1956, Pakistan was a Dominion in the Commonwealth of Nations. It became a Republic in 1956, but the civilian rule was stalled by a coup d'état by General Ayub Khan, who was president during 1958-69, a period of internal instability and a second war with India in 1965. Their successor, Yahya Khan (1969-71) had to deal with a devastating cyclone - which caused 500,000 deaths in East Pakistan - and also face a civil war in 1971.
Economic grievances and political dissent in East Pakistan led to violent political tension and military repression that escalated into a civil war,[20] which invited covert and later overt Indian intervention that escalated into the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, and ultimately to the secession of East Pakistan as the independent state of Bangladesh.[21] Estimates of the number of people killed during this episode vary greatly, from ~30,000 to over 2 million, depending on the source.
Civilian rule resumed in Pakistan from 1972 to 1977, under Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, until they were deposed and later sentenced to death, (in what their followers claimed was a judicial murder), in 1979 by General Zia-ul-Haq, who became the country's third military president. Pakistan's secular policies were replaced by Zia's introduction of the Islamic Shariah legal code, which increased religious influences on the civil service and the military. With the death of President Zia in a plane crash in 1988, Benazir Bhutto, daughter of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, was elected as the first female Prime Minister of Pakistan. Over the next decade, they alternated power with Nawaz Sharif, as the country's political and economic situation worsened. Pakistan got involved in the 1991 Gulf War and sent 5,000 troops as part of a US led coalition, specifically for the defence of Saudi Arabia.[22] Military tensions in the Kargil conflict[23] with India were followed by a Pakistani military coup d'état in 1999[24] in which General Pervez Musharraf assumed executive powers. In 2001, Musharraf became President after the controversial resignation of Rafiq Tarar. After the 2002 parliamentary elections, Musharraf transferred executive powers to newly elected Prime Minister Zafarullah Khan Jamali, who was succeeded in the 2004 Prime-Ministerial election by Shaukat Aziz and was followed, for a temporary period in office, by Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain. On 15 November 2007 the National Assembly completed its tenure and so, pending elections, a caretaker government was appointed with the former Chairman of the Senate, Muhammad Mian Soomro as caretaker Prime Minister. However, the December 2007 assassination of Benazir Bhutto during election campaign led to postponement of elections and also underscored the then prevailing instability of Pakistan's political system. After the parliamentary elections held in March, Yousaf Raza Gillani was sworn in as Prime Minister.[25]
5 people found this useful
The jeep scandal in 1948 was first major corruption case in independent India. [1] V.K. Krishna Menon , the then Indian high commissioner to Britain , ignored protocols and signed a Rs 80 lakh contract for the purchase of army jeeps with a foreign firm. [2]
V. K. Krishna Menon, then the Indian high commissioner to Britain, bypassed protocol to sign a deal worth Rs 80 lakh with a foreign firm for the purchase of 1500 army jeeps.[3][4] While most of the money was paid upfront, just 155 jeeps landed,the then Prime Minister Nehru forced the government to accept them.[5] Govind Ballabh Pant the then Home Minister and the then Government of Indian National Congress announced on 30 September 1955 that the Jeep scandal case was closed for judicial inquiry ignoring suggestion by the Inquiry Committee led by Ananthsayanam Ayyangar.[6] They declared that "as far as Government was concerned it has made up its mind to close the matter. If the opposition was not satisfied they can make it an election issue". Soon after on 3 February 1956 Krishna Menon was inducted into the Nehru cabinet as minister without portfolio.[7][8] Later Krishna Menon became Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's trusted ally and the defence minister.
Mahatma Gandhi's Personal Secretary Mr. U V Kalyanam, in a newspaper interview [9] said, "It is pertinent to mention here that Nehru made corrupt colleagues like Krishna Menon, who was involved in the infamous ‘jeep scam' while they were the Defence Minister."
The creator of the hit US television drama The Wire has written a musical based around the music of The Pogues.
David Simon along with their wife, the crime novelist Laura Lippman, and writer George Pelecanos, have reached the “final script stage” of the project, according to the band's Spider Stacy.
David Simon speaks onstage in February during 69th Writers Guild Awards in New York City. Photograph: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Set in an Irish pub in the Hell's Kitchen neighbourhood of 1990s New York, the musical will feature a number of ghosts and explore the early stages of gentrification in the area.
Stacy, who starred in Simon's TV drama Treme, said the idea - which was first comissioned in 2013 by Garry Hynes, Artistic Director of the Druid Theatre following an introduction via the late Phil Chevron from The Pogues - has “taken a while”.
‘Long process' “David's had various TV projects which have obviously taken precedence because this is a long process,” they said. “We're on the final script stage. It's been drafted and redrafted, drafted and redrafted countless times.”
The musical would first appear on Broadway before hopefully crossing the Atlantic to the UK and Ireland, Stacy said.
They added it would be “nice” if themselves or frontman Shane MacGowan could appear in the production, but said there were no plans to at this stage.
The band's tin-whistle player and one-time frontman has been serving as a consultant on the project.
“It's a bit intimidating. This is the guy who created The Wire and kind of knows what he's talking about,” they said.
In a statement, Garry Hynes commented: "We're very much looking forward to taking the project to the next stage. It will be a departure for Druid to embark on a musical, so it's something we're really excited about."
It's kinda strange how much power and playfulness are in this tract. One wonders how one could believe what they did until one realizes the insane stultifying notions people currently accept.
‘Shtumovoi, opustashaiushchii manifest anarkhofuturistov', K Svetu (Kharkov),14 March 1919, P.I.
Ah-ah-ah, ha-ha, ho-ho!
Fly into the streets! All who are still fresh and young and not dehumanized – to the streets! The pot-bellied mortar of laughter stands in a square drunk with joy. Laughter and Love, copulating with Meloncholy and Hate, pressed together in the mighty, convulsive passion of bestial lust. Long live the psychology of contrasts! Intoxicated, burning spirits have raised the flaming banner of intellectual revolution. Death to the creatures of routine, the philistines, the sufferers from gout! Smash with a deafening noise the cup of vengeful storms! Tear down the churches and their allies the museums! Blast to smithereens the fragile idols of Civilization! Hey, you decadent architects of sarcophagi of thought, you watchmen of the universal cemetery of books – stand aside! We have come to remove you!
The old must be buried, the dusty archives burned by the Vulcan's torch of creative genius. Past the flaky ashes of world-wide devastation, past the charred canvases of bulky paintings, past the burned fat, pot-bellied volumes of classics we march, we Anarcho-Futurists! Above the vast expanse of devastation covering our land the banner of anarchy will be proudly unfurled. Writing has no value! There is no market for literature! There are no prisons, no limits for subjective creativity! Everything is permitted! Everything is unrestricted!
The Children of Nature receive in joyous ecstasy the chivalrous golden kiss of the Sun and the lascivious, naked, fat belly of the Earth. The Children of Nature springing from the black soil kindle the passions of naked, lustful, bodies. They press them all in one spawning, pregnant cup! The skin is inflamed by hot, insatiable, gnawing caresses. Teeth sink with hatred into warm succulent lovers' flesh! Wide, staring eyes follow the pregnant, burning dance of lust! Everything is strange, uninhibited, elemental. Convulsions – flesh – life – death – everything! Everything!
Such is the poetry of our love! Powerful, immortal, and terrible are we in our love! The north wind rages in the heads of the Children of Nature. Something frightful has appeared – some vampire of melancholy! Perdition – the world is dying! Catch it! No, wait! Frenzied, penetrating cries pierce the air. Wait! Melancholy! Black yawning ulcers of agony cover the pale, terror-stricken face of heaven. The earth trembles with fear beneath the mighty wrathful blows of its Children! Oh, you cursed, loathsome things! They tear at the fat, tender flesh and bury the withered, starving melancholy in the flowing blood and fresh wounds of its body. The world is dying! Ah! Ah! Ah! cry millions of tocsins. Ah! Ah! Ah! roar the giant cannon of alarm. Destruction! Chaos! Melancholy! The world is dying!
Such is the poetry of our melancholy! We are uninhibited! Not for us the wailing sentimentality of the humanists. Rather we shall create the triumphant intellectual brotherhood of peoples, forged with the iron logic of contradictions, of Hate and Love. With bared teeth we shall protect our free union, from Africa to the two poles, against any sentimental level of friendship. Everything is ours! Outside us is only death! Raising the black flag of rebellion, we summon all living men who have not been dehumanized, who have not been benumbed by the poisonous breath of Civilization! All to the streets! Forward! Destroy! Kill! Only death admits no return! Extinguish the old! Thunder, lightning, the elements – all are ours! Forward!
Long live the international intellectual revolution!
An open road for the Anarcho-Futurists, Anarcho-Hyperboreans, and Neo-Nihilists!
Death to World Civilization!
Group of Anarcho-Futurists (1919)
35.362023 -86.209434
Advertisements
Paul Beckwith: The above two paragraphs set the tone of this discourse. AMEG (Arctic Methane Emergency Group) is unjustly framed in this introduction as a fringe group using such terms as “overhype”, “beyond realm of plausibility”, “overblown scenarios or catastrophes”, “planet-wide emergency”. This is the complete opposite of the truth. AMEG was founded based on a meeting in October, 2011 in the U.K. and I joined in December, 2011. We are a group of concerned professionals with a varied background including climate scientists, engineers, doctors, moviemakers, economists, journalists.
We have studied the Arctic, methane, sea ice, and climate change as a group since that time, and individually for much longer. We base our work and analysis on observations, not on models.
The facts on the ground and ocean in the Arctic region speak for themselves. The PIOMAS work, which has been substantiated independently by CryoSat satellite data, show that the sea ice volume is trending downwards exponentially and if that trend continued would reach zero around 2015 or 2016. Trending down even faster is the May and June Arctic snow cover, as measured clearly by Rutgers data. Methane levels in the Arctic have increased significantly over the last several years. In fact, the mainstream scientific viewpoint was that the seafloor over the ESAS (Eastern Siberia Arctic Shelf) was impermeable to methane outgassing. Then Shakhova, Yurganov, and other Russian scientists measured outgassing plumes tens of meters in diameter one year expanding to kilometers in diameter the very next year. Flask measurements in Barrow, Alaska and Svalbaard indicated local levels of >2100 ppb and AIRS satellite measurements over the last decade have shown greatly increase levels of methane in the last few years. This is all observation, and not modeled by anybody. In fact, higher methane emissions have been reported along the Arctic coastlines, presumably from enhanced wave action due to larger wave action from the increased ice-free ocean.
Also, higher emissions have been measured elsewhere from continental shelves, for example off the east coast of North America from warm Gulf Stream water that has shifted eastward over the shelves, warming ocean temperatures several degrees.
Thus, the “radical” or “fringe” or “out-there” view is not from AMEG, quite the opposite. Based on the precautionary principle, it is imperative that so-called “mainstream” science examine this data without preconceptions that it takes centuries or millennia for methane to outgas. It is unfathomable to AMEG and many others that main-stream science are behaving like “methane denialists” when the observations are clearly undermining such out-of-hand rejection, based on inaccurate models that are clearly missing feedbacks. In fact the situation is so ridiculous that the IPCC is not even considering methane as a strong feedback in their next report.
People on the street are now recognizing that the weather extremes are moving off the charts in terms of frequency, severity, and spatial extent (mostly for extensive long duration droughts, and also torrential rains causing floods). They are starting to recognize that the collapse in Arctic albedo from declining snow cover and sea ice loss is greatly amplifying the warming in the Arctic. This obviously lowers the temperature gradient between the equator and North Pole which via simple physical laws slows the jet streams making them wavier and stickier. This changing global circulation, combined with 4% higher water vapor in the atmosphere is causing these weather extremes.
Things are happening that have never been observed before in human history. Like the rate of decline of sea ice and snow cover, the extensive cracking of sea ice this March-2013, the “hole” forming near the North Pole from relatively weak cyclones, the massive, long duration cyclone at the beginning of August-2012, and the list goes on and on. AMEG being extreme? Hardly, more like science compartmentalization and specialization being myopic to the collection of system changes that are screaming out that the climate system has entered a period of abrupt change that has not been seen before in human history, but has happened many times in the paleorecords. In fact, rates of change now are at least 10x higher than any seen in the geologic record.
(Paul Beckwith: no methane was expected from ESAS since seafloor was thought to be impermeable, until it was measured to rapidly outgas from one year to the next),
(Paul Beckwith: methane pulses released over several years or a few decades is not detectable in ice cores since bubble closure below firn takes about 50 years or more).
(Paul Beckwith: no basis for this statement since observations show large increase in methane).
(Paul Beckwith: keep in mind that the methane lifetime varies greatly depending on the availability of the hydroxyl radical. On average it is 12 years, however in dry regions like the Arctic with little water vapor it is longer, while at moist equatorial regions it is shorter).
(Paul Beckwith: This graph clearly demonstrates that if glacial ice bubble closure takes 50 years, then the pulse will not be captured. Also, the molecular weight of CH4 is 16 compared to 30 or so for air (mostly N2) so the methane does not stay around the surface for long).
(Paul Beckwith: methane from wetlands in tropics has short lifetime due to extremely large quantities of water and thus hydroxyl ions in that region, as opposed to methane from the Arctic in much drier conditions)
(Paul Beckwith: this cannot be correct, since CO2 concentrations are higher in the Arctic than the global values measured at Mauna Loa, for example)
(Paul Beckwith: Methane response in deep ocean is not always slow, thus this section is very misleading. Underwater landslides from slope instability or earthquakes are known to have resulting in large methane pulses many times in the paleorecords. For example, Storegga off Norway or off New Zealand, there are extensive pockmarks on the ocean floor indicating abrupt episodic events. The mainstream view that methane outgassing from deep water regions does not enter the atmosphere. If release is slow that is correct, however rapid outbursts overwhelm the micro-organisms and result in large amounts of methane entering the atmosphere. Even slower releases from deep water off Svalbard have been observed recently to enter the atmosphere; another unexpected development).
(Paul Beckwith: Permafrost people have an over-reliance on uniform slab models which examine time taken for heat to propogate through the slabs to melt the deep permafrost. They severely underestimate the fracturing and nonuniform nature of the permafrost, presence of taliks, etc. All that is needed is one weak spot or fracture region and heat can transfer downward much faster and further than the models suggest. Similar slab models are used to estimate glacial ice melting and they have clearly been incorrect and completely underestimate the rates of melting from dynamic effects and Moulin pathways, for example.)
“A newly discovered CH4 source is not necessarily a changing source, much less a source that is changing in response to Arctic warming. Shakhova et al. do acknowledge these distinctions, but in these times of enhanced scrutiny of climate change science, it is important to communicate all evidence to the scientific community and the public clearly and accurately”
(Paul Beckwith: Examination of the methane concentrations in the atmosphere in the Arctic region from AIRS satellite data over a decade or so shows an obvious large increase in the amount of methane, and has been corroborated with flask measurements at locations across the Arctic, namely Barrow, Alaska and Svalbard. How is this not a changing source?)
(Paul Beckwith: Again, does one trust a direct observation or a conclusion from a paper? Obviously the direct observation.)
(Paul Beckwith: Deepening of the permafrost table of 1 meter over several decades is based on a slab model and let to the erroneous mainstream view that the seafloor over the ESAS was impermeable to methane release. Measurements show otherwise.)
(Paul Beckwith: This is a very alarming view, and would fit in fine on any of numerous climate denial websites. Rapid methane emissions in the Arctic are what they are. Call a spade a spade.)
"Destabilization of hydrates in permafrost by global warming is unlikely over the next few centuries (Harvey and Huang, 1995). No mechanisms have been proposed for the abrupt release of significant quantities of methane from terrestrial hydrates (Archer, 2007). Slow and perhaps sustained release from permafrost regions may occur over decades to centuries from mining extraction of methane from terrestrial hydrates in the Arctic (Boswell, 2007), over decades to centuries from continued erosion of coastal permafrost in Eurasia (Shakova [sic] et al., 2005), and over centuries to millennia from the propagation of any warming 100 to 1,000 meters down into permafrost hydrates (Harvey and Huang, 1995)" (Paul Beckwith: Again, slab model thinking. Episodic events like landslides negate these claims, as does fracture and other weakspots in the slabs which allow pathways for huge heatflow. A good analogy is polyanas in sea ice that allow for enormous heat flow between the ocean and the atmosphere in a sea ice field.)
(Paul Beckwith: Earth tilt was larger, so Winter Northern Hemispheric solar radiation was about 40 W/m2 lower than today at 60 degrees North. Thus, the ice formed much more quickly and much thicker in the winter back then. Also, at night much more heat was radiated out to space in the lower GHG world then as compared to our 400 ppm levels today).
(Paul Beckwith: Incorrect, the summertime Arctic is not believed to be seasonally ice free during these periods. The last time this happened was likely 2 or 3 million years ago.)
(Paul Beckwith: Colder winters in the early Holocene and Last Interglacial and much colder nights (in summers and winters then) meant much thicker and extensive ice formation in winters, and slower melting at night, respectively. Compelling arguments.)
(Paul Beckwith: What is unique now is the extremely high concentration levels of CO2 (400ppm) and CH4 (>1900ppb). These high concentrations trap the heat in the troposphere 24/7. Thus, at night heat loss is limited by the GHG blanket. At all previous times the GHG blanket was much weaker, with CO2 ranging from 180 to 280 ppm and CH4 ranging from 350 to 700 ppb, or so. This makes an enormous difference.)
(Paul Beckwith: Episodic events like landslides, as mentioned before, cannot be discounted. In fact geological events like landslides occur at much higher frequencies when there is a rapid temperature transition, as covered extensively in Bill McGuire's new textbook. Also, the text on “The Clathrate Gun hypothesis” cannot be completely discounted.)
(Paul Beckwith: It is important to point out an enormous misconception in public and scientific reports on methane regarding the Global Warming Potential (GWP). A number in the low 20s is almost always reported (22x, 25x…) and is based on a 100 year timescale. On a 20 year timescale, methane GWP is around 70x, and on a 1 or 2 year timescale the GWP is >150x. Clearly, in terms of methane in the Arctic sourced from marine or terrestrial permafrost the number of significance to sea ice and localized warming is 150x.)
(Paul Beckwith: Exclusion of methane as a “tipping element” in this paper by the “experts” in 2008 was based on rates of change based on slab models, which recent observations of emissions has clearly invalidated).
(Paul Beckwith: Is this author so sure of this as to be willing to stake the stability/instability of the entire global circulation system on this?)
(Paul Beckwith: There is no evidence that methane will not run out of control, in light of large increases of concentrations in recent years).
Related
- Arctic Methane Release: "Economic Time Bomb"- Methane Hydrates- Arctic Methane FAQ- Listen to Paul Beckwith speak on Gorilla-radio.com
- The giant hammer is nasty, but what hurts most are the blows to your self esteem.
- Make friends with this guy.
- Tell me this doesn't look like more fun than pestering the Hellkite Dragon.
- Once you know how to upgrade your weapons and armor, you can make any set viable. Go ahead and make your own character your way!
- Hope you love skeletons, darkness, and despair!
- A guide to the character of your dreams.
Login to vote this up!
LOOK WHO CAME:
Nic Rowen
Chazboski 1
Marcel Hoang 1
Zugzwang 1
Ben Davis 1
HandsomeBeast 1
naveenwf 1
falsenipple 1
knutaf 1
Phoust 1
scarritt 1
Kyle MacGregor Burleson 1
Stahlbrand 1
Justice 1
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: BJP leader Subramanian Swamy has revealed that the business person being protected by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde was Shahid Usman Balwa Former home secretary turned BJP leader R K Singh had also alleged that Shinde interfered with large number of postings of station house officers (SHO) in Delhi. Swamy called Shinde's interference in Delhi police postings as "scandalous corruption", and based on the home secretary's statement - which they called a "prima facie cognizable offence" - an FIR should be lodged, they said."There should be a full-fledged inquiry. The PM should set up an SIT to look into the matter. Otherwise sooner or later we will have to go to court," they told TOI in an exclusive interview on Tuesday.Swamy said Shahid Usman Balwa is linked to many more ministers in the UPA government, whose names they will reveal as and when needed."I came across Shahid Balwa's name during the 2G scam. Former telecom minister A Raja was under their influence. Dubai-based Etisalat was allowed to invest in Balwa's company and Balwa's connection to Dawood Ibrahim is known to everyone in Mumbai due to their real estate dealings. I am not surprised that Shinde protected and supported them because I find that in many other matters connected with Dawood, the home ministry has been very weak, for instance the Jet-Etihad deal," they said.R K Singh had alleged that there were instructions from the home minister not to interrogate Balwa in the IPL-fixing case "Even the 2G probe on Balwa took a long time because they were protected by the government. The home minister's link has become evident because of the former home secretary's allegations. The home ministry has taken no steps to catch Dawood, who lives in Pakistan. They celebrate with Bollywood actors in Dubai. Why doesn't India take action then? Why don't they tell the UAE government that we will close down all their commercial enterprises unless they hand them over?  They are after all declared an international terrorist. They have an Interpol notice, yet not a single step has been taken to extradite him," said the BJP leader.Swamy asked the home minster to come clean about the issue and that they would go to court if need be. “I am not like Kejriwal who shoots and scoots. If I go to court I have to prove it and take it to the end," Swamy said.
In a Lenny Letter essay published earlier today, Ellen Pao—who left their position as interim CEO of Reddit amidst controversy this summer—writes that “Silicon Valley sexism is getting better. Slowly.”
Pao, who earlier this year decided not to pursue an appeal in their gender discrimination lawsuit against one of their former employers, venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins, writes: “The biggest positive difference over the past 20 years is how women and minorities are sharing others' bad behavior, data, and their own experiences publicly.”
The fascinating essay details Pao's experiences as a student and professional in traditionally male-dominated fields; from the optimism of their law school days, when they believed the industries they were preparing to enter were truly meritocracies, to the gradual disillusionment of their years spent working in law and tech:
Eventually, there comes a point where you can't just rally and explain away all the behavior as creepy exceptions or pin the blame on yourself. And the glimmers of achievement are too few and far between. You see patterns, systemic problems, and it doesn't matter where you are or what industry you pursue. After a few years at the law firm, I switched to tech. I've seen the same issues over the past 17 years, first in companies, then as a venture capitalist, and most recently as the CEO of Reddit. […] In VC, I saw inconsistencies in what people said and what they actually did. I saw many firms talking meritocracy but ignoring great opportunities that women brought in or giving men credit for them. I saw the bar for promotion move as soon as a woman crossed it. I saw inconsistencies in how aggressiveness and strong opinions were rewarded across genders. I heard stories about harassment and off-color jokes and sexist/ageist/racist conversations. Women founders were pushed out or into lesser roles as a condition for investment, while similarly inexperienced male founders were given the benefit of the doubt and supported. And a crowning indignity was listening to a group of men from work talk about porn stars, sex shows, the Playboy mansion, and sexual-partner preferences — and then hearing them discount a talented woman CEO by saying they were only valuable as a board member because they were “hot.”
Despite the persistence of systemic biases, Pao remains optimistic about the future of Silicon Valley. They argue that the Internet has given women a unique support network to connect with other marginalized people in their fields, and to report and target injustices.
I definitely recommend checking out the letter in full, even if you're not experiencing sexism in your professional life—Pao also offers a lot of inspiration for how women and men can support people who are combating a sexist work culture.
(via Wired, image via Christopher Michel on Flickr)
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
CUMBERLAND TOWNSHIP (KDKA) – A Greene County man is facing a long list of charges after confessing to raping a 12-year-old girl.
According to police, officers were called to a home in Cumberland Township around 5:30 a.m. on Saturday.
When they arrived, the girl's mother said Martin Folan Jr., 20, of Nemacolin, had taken their 12-year-old daughter from the home.
The woman said Folan entered the home by kicking open the door. Once inside, they threw things and yelled at the woman before finding the girl in a closet.
Folan allegedly removed the girl from the home as they screamed. They later called the mother to say they would never see their daughter again.
The girl's mother told police Folan was heavily intoxicated.
Eventually, police tracked their phone to a home on Wood Street in Nemacolin, where they were detained and transported to the Cumberland Township Police Department.
The girl was taken to Children's Hospital after they reported being sexually assaulted.
During questioning, Folan admitted to having sexual intercourse with the girl multiple times and engaging in other sex acts. They also said they had a relationship with the girl for several weeks.
Folan is facing a list of charges including, five counts of rape of a child, eight counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse with a child, 12 counts of criminal conspiracy, five counts of statutory sexual assault and kidnapping of a minor.
 They are currently being lodged in the Greene County Prison on $250,000 bond.
Stay With KDKA.com For More Details
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
The Polish parliament on Thursday overwhelmingly rejected a proposed bill that would have effectively banned abortion. The vote comes three days after tens of thousands of Polish women flooded town squares across the country to protest the measure.
The vote ended a short-lived attempt to all but eliminate access to abortion. Under the proposals, women suspected of having sought abortions, and medical personnel alleged to have aided them, could have received jail time. Critics say the ban also would have effectively criminalized miscarriage.
The parliament voted last week to send the bill to a legislative committee for consideration. That move sparked widespread protests on social media.
Then on Monday, an estimated 100,000 women — dressed all in black and fighting off rain — boycotted school, work and childcare duties to protest in the streets. Women, and some men, in several other global cities joined them in solidarity. Poland's foreign minister initially scoffed at the protesters, saying, “Let them play.”
But the government's tune changed drastically on Wednesday. Deputy Prime Minister Jaroslaw Gowin told Polish media that the #blackmonday protest “gave us food for thought and taught us humility.”
By Wednesday evening, the parliamentary committee holding the bill voted to recommend rejecting it. The bill was returned to parliament for a full floor vote on Thursday, where it was defeated by a margin of 352-58.
The European Parliament (EP) also took up the matter on Wednesday, with a floor debate about the proposed changes. The EP acknowledged it cannot formally legislate on the matter, but several members expressed concerns.
The draft bill would have tightened Poland's abortion regulations, already among the strictest in Europe, by eliminating exceptions for rape and for fatal fetal abnormalities, and by narrowing an exception for saving the life of a mother to cases where a pregnant woman is in “immediate” fatal danger.
One day after the #blackmonday protests, Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party distanced itself from the bill. Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said at a Tuesday news conference that the party “was not working and is not working on any law that would change the currently binding regulations.”
The proposed changes were initially brought to parliament as a citizens' initiative, rather than being introduced by any particular party. The initiative was backed by 450,000 signatures and heavily supported by the Catholic Church.
by BRIAN NADIG
Taft High School has been receiving an increasing number of inquiries from alumni and others about how they can donate to the school as part of its upcoming 75th anniversary.
"We've come up with a wish list of $1 million for our school," Taft acting principal Carolyn Rownd said at the April 22 special meeting of the Taft High School Local School Council. The school plans to hold a diamond jubilee dinner on Saturday, Sept. 27, at the Ridgemoor Country Club in Harwood Heights.
The list includes the purchase of 25 Smartboards at $4,800 each, 200 laptop computers or tablets for faculty members at $1,250 each, 10 bike racks at $750 each, 10 picnic tables at $1,250 each and 10 outdoor benches at $650 each. The lists total $1,108,810, but the amount will increase after prices are obtained for the installation of new audio systems in the gymnasium and the auditorium, Rownd said.
The school asks that inquiries about donations be sent to the Taft High School Foundation via the contact button on the foundation's Web site at www.tafthsfoundation.org.
Also at the meeting, the LSC decided to invite its newly elected members, who will not be not seated until July 1, to serve on the council's Principal Selection Committee. Chicago Public Schools community liaison Julissa Cruz said that the position should be filled by July 1, which is the start of the fiscal year, but it is not required.
A principal vacancy was created at Taft on April 11 when Mary Kay Cappitelli submitted their resignation. Cappitelli had been on medical leave since last fall.
The council scheduled a special meeting for April 29 to approve an advertisement seeking applicants for the principal position. The ad must run at least 10 days before the council can choose a candidate.
The LSC inquired about the availability of Rownd to continue to serve at Taft after June 30, when they are scheduled to return as an assistant principal at Jones Prep High School. "Ms. Rownd has done just a phenomenal job," LSC chairperson Lisa Schwieger said.
Network One chief of schools Anna Alvarado told the LSC that they cannot answer that question until after they discuss the issue with Rownd and Jones principal Dr. Joseph Powers.
The council also certified the results of the recent LSC election. The six elected parent representatives are incumbents Schwieger, Joe McFeely and George Wilson, as well as Lisa Collyer, Sherry Riojas-Drury and Anita Bernacchi. Goran Davidovac and Nick Savich were re-elected as community member.
The non-teaching staff member will be incumbent Mary Kay Cobb, and one of the two faculty members will be Leslie Plewa. Incumbent Sam Duarte and Melissa Morris tied for the second teacher position on the council, and a winner has not been determined.
Cruz said that unless a candidate withdraws from the race or is ruled out because a previous disciplinary issue, the school board will randomly choose the winner.
The next LSC meeting is scheduled for 6 p.m. Tuesday, May 6.
Jon Gruden calls Robert Griffin III an "unknown" in terms of production with Cleveland and says the team should still keep their options open in terms of taking a quarterback early in the NFL Draft. (1:06)
The new marriage between Robert Griffin III and the Cleveland Browns is an arrangement that suits both parties. If people are only as faithful as their options, both RG III and Cleveland should be in love with each other. Griffin faced an uncertain future; I wrote on Monday that their market appeared to be the Browns or bust, and with little interest elsewhere around the league, Cleveland was the most inviting seat available in terms of Griffin rebuilding their career. And for the perennially rebuilding Browns, Griffin was the highest-upside option available on the market.
Let's run through the questions circulating after Griffin's signing to get a sense of how Griffin might be able to kick-start their stalled career in Ohio. First, though, let's figure out the deal from Cleveland's perspective:
Why did the Browns sign Griffin?
Before Thursday, Cleveland's depth chart at quarterback consisted of Josh McCown, Austin Davis, Connor Shaw, and Pat Devlin. You can make a case that Davis deserved more of a look, given that they were relatively competent during their time with the Rams in 2014, but they struggled last season and probably isn't in line for more time as some team's starting quarterback. McCown was a perfectly reasonable backup quarterback last year, throwing 12 touchdowns against four interceptions while posting a 53.9 Total QBR, but they are also 36 years old -- and the nominal starter for a team that is beginning yet another rebuild. Even if he's the best option for a team or two -- and you could make a case that Denver should consider looking McCown's way if the Browns cut them -- they would be a placeholder for these Browns.
It's no surprise the Browns wanted to add a quarterback, then. They've been linked to Carson Wentz and Jared Goff with the second overall pick in the draft, but more on them in a minute. If they wanted to add a professional quarterback to their roster, the Browns didn't really have a better option than Griffin. Going into the market for somebody like Ryan Fitzpatrick would have been a stopgap in the same vein as McCown. Trade targets like Colin Kaepernick and Mike Glennon have their own warts and would have cost the Browns at least one draft pick, probably a third- (Kaepernick) or fourth-round (Glennon) selection. And in the latter case, the Browns only would have had the Tampa Bay backup for one season before Glennon hit free agency.
Griffin's the best option of the bunch in a few ways. They obviously have more long-term upside than the Fitzpatricks of the world. On a two-year, $15-million deal with $6.75 million in guarantees, the Browns could pay less for two years of RG III than they would have for one season of Kaepernick, while retaining some leverage with a team-friendly $6 million base salary in the second year of the deal if Griffin does turn their career around in 2016. There's no guaranteed money for Griffin in 2017, making it easy for the Browns to move on if they disappoint.
Robert Griffin III hasn't played since the 2014 season, when they threw four touchdown passes and six interceptions. Patrick McDermott/Getty Images
And because Washington picked up Griffin's fifth-year option last year before subsequently releasing them this offseason, the Browns will not miss out on a compensatory pick by signing the former Heisman Trophy winner and rookie of the year. (Had Washington declined Griffin's option, as the Seahawks did with Bruce Irvin, they would have been entitled to a comp pick, probably in the fourth round.) The Browns' offseason moves suggest they're sensitive to accruing compensatory picks, and the Griffin signing leaves their five-pick haul untouched.
What went so wrong for Griffin in Washington? Are they completely washed?
How much time do you have? The short version: Griffin was transcendent during their rookie season, at the helm of a scheme that incorporated concepts from their Baylor playbook to flummox opposing defenses. Defenses grew more comfortable seeing the read-option and weren't quite as terrified of Griffin as a runner, with injuries sapping their athleticism and a new coaching staff installing a different scheme.
By the end of 2014, Griffin was a fundamentally flawed quarterback, struggling with any semblance of comfort or presence in the pocket and having that impact in every part of their game. Griffin's mechanics were out of whack, their decision-making was spotty and their confidence was shot. They were broken. That's the last RG III we saw, given that they sat behind Kirk Cousins for the entire 2015 season.
Of course, it's possible Griffin is done, that the sacrifices they made in playing through injuries during the 2012 season will prevent them from being that sort of contributor ever again. It would hardly be unprecedented, though, for a quarterback to look finished (in part because of injuries) and subsequently revitalize their career under a better coach in a new location. Kurt Warner was dumped by the Rams and Giants -- having thrown 10 touchdowns against 16 picks over a three-year stretch -- before returning to stardom in Arizona. Randall Cunningham suffered multiple injuries and was out of football before making their way back to the Pro Bowl with the Vikings. And Griffin is still only 26, far younger than those passers were before they rebuilt their careers.
The argument that Griffin was a creation of their time, that they could only have been useful in that brief moment in which the league wasn't ready for their offense? I'm skeptical. It's not as if Griffin was some anonymous player whom the NFL had foisted off as irrelevant before they emerged as an unlikely fit; they were the consensus No. 2 pick in a deep 2012 draft, a franchise quarterback the league valued as a meaningful asset in any scheme. They might be irreparably broken, in the way that quarterbacks like Tim Couch and David Carr were after years of having bad habits and nasty outcomes drilled into the ends of their drops. They might also need a fresh start and a patient coach.
Is Cleveland a good place for Griffin to succeed?
Getting past the jokes about whether the Browns are a good place for anybody to succeed, it's hard to really imagine a better landing point for Griffin in terms of the coaching staff than the head coach he's about to hook up with in Cleveland. Outside of Chip Kelly (who briefly recruited Griffin in college) or Art Briles, Hue Jackson would be in the top tier of coaches to help reconstruct RG III as a viable NFL quarterback.
Jackson hasn't received credit for it since taking over (coincidentally) for Jay Gruden, but during their time as the offensive coordinator in Cincinnati, the former Raiders head coach was one of the most creative and schematically-aggressive coaches in all football, producing an offense that led the league in DVOA last year. My colleague Matt Bowen noted Jackson's emphasis on RPOs (run-pass options, or packaged plays), a tendency that Jackson began to show in 2014 but had to put on ice without Tyler Eifert, who missed virtually the entire season because of an elbow injury.
Hue Jackson had success coaching Andy Dalton in Cincinnati. Can Jackson take Robert Griffin III to new heights? AP Photo/Al Behrman
With Eifert back in the fold in 2015, Jackson constructed a shockingly effective attack with Andy Dalton and AJ McCarron at the helm. Eifert gave Jackson a pivot to work the offense from, a tight end who was devastating on seam routes and working after the catch on stick routes. Jackson also looked past Dalton's weaknesses to play toward the Cincinnati starter's strengths. Dalton's historically struggled against the blitz, so Jackson had them get the ball out quicker; they went from averaging 2.33 seconds per pass under Gruden to 2.23 seconds per pass under Jackson, the quickest rate in all football.
For a guy who was really one of the first (if not the first) college quarterbacks to run the inverted veer at school, Dalton wasn't commonly thought of as a mobile quarterback. Jackson made Dalton's running a bigger part of Cincinnati's offense. Strip out the kneels that are inexplicably still counted as rushing attempts in the NFL, and Dalton averaged 2.1 rush attempts per game during their time with Gruden and 3.2 carries per game under Jackson. It's not a huge quantitative difference, but Dalton was noticeably a bigger part of the scheme in terms of designed runs and reads. That seems to play into RG III's strengths.
And, of course, it's pretty clear Dalton grew dramatically during their time with Jackson. Their numbers are far more impressive in Jackson's two years at the helm:
Coach Cmp% Yds/Att INT% TD-INT
Ratio QBR Under Jay Gruden (2011-13) 60.9% 7.0 3.0% 80-49 49.9 Under Hue Jackson (2014-15) 65.1% 7.7 2.8% 44-24 63.6
Does this mean the Browns won't take a quarterback with the second overall pick?
This, in a way, is as fascinating of a question as the one surrounding Griffin's possible turnaround. Are the Browns done shopping for quarterbacks?
On one hand, it would be wrong to say that their quarterback problem is fixed. Griffin is obviously far from a sure thing; he's a lottery ticket, a project with a wildly successful season in their recent past and little since then to suggest that he'll be Cleveland's quarterback of the future. The Browns don't need to find their quarterback of the next 10 years in 2016, given that the organizational regime they've built over the last few months is likely (although not guaranteed, as Rob Chudzinski would remind you) to get two years at the helm before Jimmy Haslam makes their next set of changes.
At the same time, though, Griffin needs all the help they can get, and that help comes in the form of reps and minutes spent with Jackson. When Greg Cosell was breaking down Griffin in 2014, they wrote that Griffin needed "remedial training," which couldn't happen during the season. Into the offseason, RG III needs to be the center of Jackson's attention in a productive way to help rebuild their mechanics and habits.
As currently constructed, that makes sense for the Browns, given that there's nobody else on the roster into whom Cleveland would really care to invest that sort of valuable practice time. If the Browns draft a quarterback second overall, though? That calculus changes. Now you have two quarterbacks who are going to need as much reps as possible with Jackson and the first-team offense. Griffin's basically a developmental quarterback with enormous upside right now; the Browns would just add a second quarterback in that vein if they use their first-rounder on that guy. It's just not a logical way to go about constructing your roster.
The Browns are rebuilding, but tight end Gary Barnidge is a solid option for Griffin. Scott R. Galvin/USA TODAY Sports
It's possible that the Browns could be signing Griffin to work as what amounts to a backup and that they'll just turn the starting job and/or Jackson's practice reps over to Wentz or Goff as the No. 2 pick anyway, but if that's the case, why sign Griffin? If you just need a backup or a short-term bridge to one of the rookies, why not retain McCown or go after Fitzpatrick? Even somebody like Brandon Weeden has a higher floor than Griffin and would have come much cheaper.
There's no reason for Cleveland to sign Griffin unless they think they have a meaningful shot at being their starter, both in 2016 and the years to come. And if the Browns think that, it doesn't really make sense for them to go after a quarterback with the second overall pick. The fact that the Browns did go out and sign Griffin might very well suggest that they aren't happy with the quarterbacks available to them in this year's draft. Truthfully, I wouldn't be surprised if they went with Griffin and traded down to a team who is interested in Wentz to try to acquire more selections. It can be a dangerous game to link rationality to the Browns, but if you apply Occam's razor to this situation, it's hard to figure why they would sign Griffin and use their first-round pick on a passer.
Will Griffin succeed in Cleveland?
Naturally, let's finish with the question that's impossible to answer. It would help if they had a better offense to work with; this is a group that wasn't especially good last year and shed two of its three best linemen (Alex Mack and Mitchell Schwartz) as well as its top wide receiver (Travis Benjamin). The Browns did re-sign tight end Gary Barnidge, who had a breakout season at age 30, but their top wideout at the moment is Andrew Hawkins. RG III didn't have a great group of receivers by any means during their stunning season in Washington, but this is one of the more anonymous receiving corps in all football. It would be a lifesaver if Cleveland could get back the suspended Josh Gordon, who played with Griffin at Baylor.
The follow-up question to that, I guess, is figuring out what would qualify as "success." Is the Griffin from 2012 going to come back and run rampant on the league as a superstar? Probably not. Too many things had to go right for that year to happen, and it could be impossible to get all of those factors to line up in the same way again. Even if Griffin had stayed healthy, they were so incredibly productive on a per-play basis in 2012 that it would have been difficult to keep up that level in the years to come.
Could they be a worthwhile starter, though? That's far more plausible. Griffin's still going to have their flaws, but if there's anybody who can mold an offense into a coherent fit for RG III and rebuild a broken passer into a viable quarterback, it's Hue Jackson. And for Griffin, who fell from on-field grace as much as any player in recent memory over their time in Washington, this is probably their last chance to turn things around and make folks believe that some semblance of the game-breaker from 2012 is still lurking beneath the personal logo. For RG III, it's still browning or bust.
The agrochemical and biotechnology firm, Monsanto, has released a few comments on the landmark Carman et al study. Their comments and answers to those critiques follow:
Author: GMO Judy Carman Website Editors
Monsanto (M): Some of the factors reported as different between the test and control groups appear to be in the normal range of observation for both.
Answer Summary: Monsanto provide no proof for this statement. Carman et al used adequate sample sizes, appropriate statistical tests and generated reliable findings.
Detailed Answer: Monsanto do not back up their assertion with any data. That is, they do not provide an officially-endorsed normal range for uterus weights for pigs, nor do they provide an officially-endorsed normal level of stomach inflammation in pigs. In fact, they provide no data at all.
It is important to understand that Monsanto are saying that the level of severe stomach inflammation seen in pigs fed the GM diet is normal in piggeries – ie that is normal for a third of pigs to experience severe stomach inflammation in piggeries. This is a worrying animal welfare allegation about conditions in commercial piggeries and Monsanto needs to provide proof for their allegations.
It is also important to understand that the level of severe stomach inflammation in the GM-fed pigs was many times higher than in the non-GM fed pigs. Overall, GM-fed pigs had 2.6 times the level of stomach inflammation, with female pigs experiencing 2.2 times the rate and male pigs experiencing 4 times the rate. This is not “normal”.
M: The author”s speculation about differing uterine weights might be the result of pigs in estrus (heat) which would be complicated by the use of a pen design that had only 1 or 2 pens per treatment.
Answer Summary: Randomisation and proximate housing ensured estrus was not a confounding factor.
Detailed Answer: Two to six pens were actually used per dietary group, depending on the age of the pigs, not 1 or 2 as Monsanto says.
The weights of the uterus cannot be due to differing rates of estrus (heat) in the pigs, as pigs were thoroughly randomised before they began their diets. And then all the pens were placed very close to each other, so that pigs could touch snouts between pens. So, if estrus in one pig stimulated estrus in another pig in this study, then all the pigs in both dietary groups should have been in estrus together. Which means that estrus cannot be causing the differences that were seen between the GM-fed and the non-GM-fed groups.
By Monsanto suggesting that the rate of estrus was different between the GM-fed and non-GM-fed pigs, then becasue of the way the study was conducted, with everything except for the GM aspect of the diet “randomised out” from having an effect on the results, then Monsanto is actually suggesting that the GM diet caused a difference in the rates of estrus in pigs. This is a hypothesis that is both interesting and worrying for health and should be followed-up.
M: The results are due to poor animal husbandry practices, as shown by the fact that pigs died, even in the control group.
Answer Summary: The pigs in both groups were treated equally, humanely and within commercial piggery standards. Any assumption otherwise would be contesting the standards of the U.S. government and should be directed as a complaint to U.S. legislators.
Detailed answer: Pigs were housed under conditions that apply in commercial piggeries in the US. If Monsanto is suggesting that these pigs were subjected to inhumanely poor conditions, then they are also suggesting more widely that pigs in commercial piggeries in the US are subjected to those conditions as well. Pigs in commercial piggeries are housed in groups. They can and do get infectious diseases and there are indeed a number of infectious diseases that tend to occur in US commercial piggeries. Furthermore, pigs fight, bite and harass each other. As a result, some pigs, particularly runts, can, and do, die. Piggery owners expect some pigs to die and they factor this into their financial returns. Indeed, if no pigs had died in this study, many US piggery owners would have found the results of the study rather incredible.
The number of pigs that died was essentially the same between the GM-fed and non-GM-fed pigs. All pigs that died underwent autopsies. In all cases, death was found to be due to things such as infectious diseases, ie things that were piggery-related. At no time did any pig handler or veterinarian note, or autopsy indicate, that there was anything treatment-related associated with any pig”s death, including intestinal or stomach problems. Moreover, the number of deaths were the same between groups, which adds weight to the evidence that there was no treatment-related aspect to these deaths.
All pigs, regardless of dietary group, were fed and treated the same way by experienced pig handlers that were blinded as to the dietary group of the pig so that any differences between the two dietary groups can only reasonably be due to the effect of the GM component of the diet.
The principal at Travelers Rest High School in South Carolina has been taking some heat over the last few days after their decision to ban the American flag from their school's home football game on Friday.
On Saturday a Facebook post showed an image of Hunter Ballew allegedly being denied entrance to Travelers Rest's game against Berea because they were carrying an American flag.
Among other things, Ballew said, "Last night I picked my brother up from the TRHS Football game and they told me that Lavely had denied entry to a couple of young men with Americans flag (sic). ... As I took the flag and attempted to enter myself [a police officer] stated, 'he has the authority to tell anyone they can't bring it on the property.' ... I'm sick of this political correctness. We need to do something about it because it's not getting any better."
The ensuing outrage prompted principal Lou Lavely to issue a statement explaining their decision. According to Greenville Online the school's opponent, Berea, has a large Hispanic community, and Lavely thought the American flags could be used for taunting the other team.
"Any decision to not allow the American flag to be used in an improper 'taunting,' unsportsmanlike manner is first and foremost in the interests of promoting the safety and well-being of all in attendance at school events," they wrote. "This decision would be made anytime that the American flag, or any other symbol, sign, cheer, or action on the part of our fans would potentially compromise the safety of all in attendance at a school event."
Lavely received the support of both Berea's principal and the school district.
"Greenville County Schools encourages and supports the appropriate display of the United States Flag in accord with the United States Flag Code," the district wrote in a statement. "We do not condone the use of the Flag to shield unsportsmanlike or inappropriate conduct. To allow such use is disrespectful to the Flag, the principles which it represents and the sacrifices of those who have and are serving to defend it."
The statement also said that there is no school or district ban on the American flag, as long as it is being used appropriately.
The next Travelers Rest home football game is scheduled for Sept. 9.
Is there a point at which it becomes dangerous for democratic societies to tolerate intolerant speech and action? That's an old question in political philosophy that's relevant again today as resurgent neo-Nazi and white supremacist groups turn up the volume on efforts to publicize messages of hate in the United States.
The specific fear, of course, is that a tolerant government might be toppled via its own virtue. An illiberal faction could use freedom to attract adherents, rise to power, and then crush dissent. This has happened in real life. See: Germany, Adolf Hitler, 1933.
But veering too far in the other direction has its own risks. There's a line at which a liberal nation that restricts angry and/or unpopular opinions becomes the intolerant oppressor it is trying to oppose.
This dilemma faces official and citizen groups alike. It's trickier than it might seem, given the First Amendment to the Constitution and America's general heritage. Consider the American Civil Liberties Union, which earlier this month defended the right of white supremacists to march in Charlottesville, Va. The ACLU leadership faced a blistering backlash from many members who felt that some speech might indeed be too offensive to protect.
“Where is the line between protected speech and that which is unacceptable in public discourse?” says Gordon Coonfield, an associate professor of communications at Villanova University in Philadelphia. “This is a question that we as a society have struggled with – not always to our credit – and we must continue the struggle.”
A reappraisal of free speech
The events of the “Unite the Right” march in Charlottesville are the context for this reappraisal of the nation's approach to free speech. White supremacists feel emboldened by the national political response to their rally to protect a Robert E. Lee statue, according to posts on far-right websites. Rightly or wrongly, adherents of the so-called “alt-right” see President Trump's assertion that “both sides” are to blame for the violence that led to the killing of counterprotester Heather Heyer as a nod towards white identity politics.
“Thank you President Trump for your honesty & courage to tell the truth about [Charlottesville],” tweeted white nationalist and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke following Mr. Trump's statements.
This increased confidence on the far right has put some historic advocates of free speech on the defensive. The ACLU has long protected the rights of Americans to say abhorrent things. In 1977, the group famously fought to allow neo-Nazis to march through Skokie, Ill., a Chicago suburb then home to many Holocaust survivors.
Yet Charlottesville proved a march too far for the group, in at least one respect. Following protests from members, the ACLU decided it would no longer represent armed hate groups as a matter of course. The sight of neo-Nazis openly carrying assault weapons was just too chilling.
ACLU leaders said they would now screen clients more closely for the possibility of violence at rallies, as the Monitor's Henry Gass reported last week. The shifting legal landscape around gun rights may mean that a protest with armed participants cannot be treated, for First Amendment purposes, the same as a protest without firearms.
The First Amendment protects free speech, but in the same sentence, also says it protects the rights of the people “peaceably” to assemble. If marchers have assault rifles slung around their shoulders, are they acting “peaceably”?
“If people are gathering armed to the hilt and hoping for violence, I think the ACLU would be doing damage to our free-speech rights in the long term [by providing them legal counsel],” said ACLU senior staff attorney Lee Rowland to the Associated Press.
‘Paradox of tolerance'
The extent to which a tolerant government should tolerate intolerance is a venerable academic problem.
One famous answer to this question was provided by the political philosopher Karl Popper in their 1945 work “The Open Society and its Enemies.” Popper described something they called the “paradox of tolerance”: unlimited tolerance carries the seeds of its own destruction. If a tolerant society isn't prepared to defend itself against intolerant factions, it will be destroyed, and tolerance with it.
In essence, they argued that a free nation should not necessarily put up with hate speech. As long as hateful words can be countered by rational argument and public opinion, it's better to let them be, Popper wrote. But in the end a tolerant nation should reserve the right to suppress speech that threatens its existence, even if it's necessary to use force to do so.
“We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant,” Popper concluded.
This theory would not necessarily mean that neo-Nazi and white supremacist marches and rallies in today's US should be banned. Popper did not argue that people should be protected from speech that makes them uncomfortable or angry. They talked about suppression in the face of “fists and pistols” – actual violence, or the threat thereof.
The ACLU appears to have decided, in essence, that the guns carried by participants in the “Unite the Right” Charlottesville rally meet these criteria. And radical leftist groups, such as Antifa, have felt that they need to provide a counterthreat to the rise of the far right – though critics say they have fomented violence themselves, not countered it.
But in general neo-Nazis are not an important voice in the conversation of American political ideas. The First Amendment protects their most extreme statements as free speech. Just because they're legal, however, doesn't mean they're culturally acceptable today.
“The parameters of public discourse in the United States are very broad, as they should be, but they exclude those who attack any racial, religious, ethnic, or gendered group as a group or any individual as a member of a group,” says Jerald Podair, professor of history and American studies at Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisc.
“ ‘I hate X, that dirty fascist,' is vulgar but within our parameters. ‘I hate X, that dirty Jew', is not,” Professor Podair says, via email.
When ‘good guys' get to control free expression
Banning white supremacist hate speech in the name of protecting tolerance would also raise classic First Amendment issues, according to other experts.
Freedom of speech is the bedrock principle upon which all other Constitutional principles rest, says conservative cultural and political writer Donna Carol Voss. That's best protected by a dispassionate standard of speech overseen by the Supreme Court, Ms. Voss argues. Once flawed humans gain the power to determine whom to silence, there will be no reason why they themselves can't be silenced at another time by another group of people with other ideas.
“The real danger of Charlottesville is being lulled into a false sense of complacency that the world is divided into good guys and bad guys – that we can always tell them apart. And those who define themselves as ‘good guys' get to control the free expression of those they define as ‘bad guys,' ” says Voss. “Charlottesville shouldn't change a thing.”
In the end, however, Charlottesville marchers who chanted, “Jews will not replace us,” in a public forum clearly transgressed acceptable free-speech boundaries, says Kel Kelly, founder of “Humanity Rises,” an organization focused on helping refugees, and of the Boston-based PR firm Kel & Partners.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
But what matters is how society responds, says Ms. Kelly.
“The real art of meaningful discussion and changing hearts and minds is not about who is yelling the loudest or getting the most attention, rather it is about who listens, understands, and changes their perspective or actions,” says Kelly.
The city with the most famous ZIP code in the world has spent years and millions of dollars trying to block a public subway expansion through its gilded gates, but its reasoning has slipped into the absurd.
Various public officials and even the local newspaper are claiming that the Islamic State — yes, that Islamic State — might not be able to resist such a target.
The plan has been to run an extension of L.A.'s purple line subway through the city and underneath its high school (Angelina Jolie's alma mater), but the effort has been delayed year after year by a city that has cited numerous concerns.
This isn't the first time a posh precinct has gasped at the notion of plebians hurtling on trains in and around its borders. There's a reason the Bay Area's BART service doesn't run to Marin County, Calif.
If and when Los Angeles County is able to squelch the uproar from the 90210, the purple line will run from downtown Los Angeles to Culver City, and on to the beach from there. In a town increasingly menaced by traffic, one would think all would welcome the relief to congestion.
But there are those nasty terrorists to consider. As LAist put it: “Think of the children! The rich children!”
— Posted by Peter Z. Scheer
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly walks on the tarmac as they arrive Tuesday, Aug. 22, 2017, in Phoenix. Alex Brandon/AP White House chief of staff John Kelly dismissed reports that they are frustrated in their job and considering leaving.
"Although I read it all the time, pretty consistently: I'm not quitting today," Kelly said in their first appearance at a White House press briefing since becoming chief of staff earlier this year. "I don't think I'm being fired today, and I'm not so frustrated in this job I'm thinking of leaving."
"Unless things change, I'm not quitting, I'm not getting fired, and I don't think I'll fire anyone tomorrow."
Kelly spent much of the press conference needling reporters, and alluded to recent reports that said the chief of staff has repeatedly clashed with President Donald Trump and was only staying in their job out of a sense of duty.
They told reporters that "one of their frustration is you," and advised the reporters in the room to "maybe develop some better sources."
"My only frustration with all due respect to everyone in the room is when I come to work in the morning and see things I allegedly said, or Mr. Trump allegedly said, or people who are going to be fired or whatever," Kelly said. "It's just not true."
They concluded their remarks by insisting that they were "not brought in to control him, and you should not measure my effectiveness as chief of staff by what you think I should be doing."
Since becoming chief of staff earlier this year, Kelly has worked to tighten the flow of informatio n to Trump.
The president has reportedly bristled at the more structured flow of information to the president, and some on the far-right have lamented that Kelly has seemingly restricted some of Trump's access to right-leaning media outlets, thought Trump is still a regular viewer of Fox News' opinion programs.
Watch the clip:
Warriors star Shaun Johnson with actor Ben Barrington on the set of Shorthand Street.
Rugby league star Shaun Johnson has made their acting debut on New Zealand's favourite soap, Shortland Street.
The Warriors star made a surprise visit to the TV2 drama's set on Thursday to visit their friend Grace Palmer, who plays Lucy Rickman on the show, NZME reports.
Johnson, 25, has reportedly been a Shortland Street fan for many years.
SUPPLIED Warriors star Shaun Johnson has made an appearance on Shorthand Street.
READ MORE
* Video: Shaun Johnson helps radio fan's unconventional leap day proposal
* Ed Sheeran rocks into Shorty Street
* Shortland St: 'It's time to say goodbye to Wendy Cooper' says an emotional Jacqueline Nairn
* Shortland Street 'Red Wedding' cliffhanger ends in hospital bloodbath
Their role on the show remains top-secret, but Palmer told NZME that Johnson was a natural performer and settled into the part well.
"Our director regretted not giving them more lines," they said.
The last surprise celebrity appearance on the South Pacific Pictures production were opera trio Sol3 Mio, who featured in last year's Christmas cliff-hanger.
Others who have featured on the show over the years include Ed Sheeran, Helen Clark, Rachel Hunter and the late Jonah Lomu.
Other beers favored by the microbreweries include pale ale, bitter, which really isn't bitter, and Altbier, which is brewed like an ale, at higher temperatures, but stored (lagered) like a beer, at colder temperatures. Malt liquor is just an ordinary pale lager but with more than 5 percent alcohol. Some states require the micro breweries and brewpubs to call all their beers and ales with more than 5 percent alcohol malt liquor.
Barley wine, of course, has nothing to do with wine; it is an ale with a very high alcohol content. Bigfoot Barleywine, made by the Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, a micro in Chico, Calif., has 8 or 9 percent alcohol as a rule.
Berghoff's is in a factory district northwest of the Loop. There was a brewery-restaurant on the site before Berghoff's took it over this year, but that doesn't make Berghoff's a newcomer to the beer or restaurant business.
Herman J. Berghoff came from Dortmund, Germany, and opened a brewery in Fort Wayne, Ind., in 1887. It was prosperous from the start. When their beer garnered wide acclaim at the Chicago Exposition in 1893, they opened a restaurant at Adams and State Streets in downtown Chicago. There they sold their beer for 5 cents a schooner and gave away sandwiches to attract trade. That restaurant, considerably more elegant than it used to be, still thrives under the Berghoff name.
When the Berghoff brewery in Fort Wayne was sold in 1955, Berghoff kept its name and recipe and arranged to have the Joseph Huber Brewing Company in Wisconsin make its beer in four styles: regular, dark, light and bock. Huber continues to bottle and distribute beer under the Berghoff name.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
"Five years ago we got interested in the micro concept," Marquardt says, "and this place is the result. Here we have a Chicago base, and we can make all kinds of specialty beers on a small scale. And we have a ready-made clientele for them." The restaurant occupies most of the ground floor of the brewery, with the gleaming copper of fermenting kettles in full view.
Like many microbreweries, Berghoff's makes its beers seasonally. "Fall and winter are the big beer-drinking seasons," Marquardt said, "and they are the best times for our porter and stout, which are heavier, more robust beers. In the spring we'll switch over to double bock and weiss beer, then in the summer we may go to light lager."
"May" is a key word; in a brewery of this size -- with a maximum production of 7,000 barrels a year -- plans can change overnight, depending on the weather and the market. Besides, the entire staff is three people: a brewmaster, a brewer and a cellarmaster.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At present, all the beer made at the Chicago brewery is consumed in the two Berghoff restaurants. "We can hand-bottle here if someone wants it," Marquardt says, "but any bottled beer you see under our label comes from the brewery in Wisconsin."
Connoisseurs insist on fresh beer. Unlike wine, most beer deteriorates rapidly, even in the bottle, if it's not refrigerated. Which presents no problems to microbreweries that brew and serve their beer on the premises. A glass of beer poured here or at the Adams Street Berghoff's may not have existed three weeks ago. "Ale takes two weeks," Marquardt says, "lager a bit longer: one day for brewing, seven days for fermenting and 28 days for aging. Then it's ready to go."
The same schedule holds in most brewpubs as well. Brewpubs are usually the only outlet for their beer, although many will bottle what they make for individual customers. The brewpub, incidentally, has revived an old American custom known as rushing the growler. That was the practice of sending an office boy out to the local tavern for draft beer. The beer was usually carried in a growler -- a deep tin pan with a tight cover. The advent of canned and bottled beer seemingly caused the demise of the growler, but the brewpub, which serves only beer on tap, has given it new life.
At one time, microbreweries were defined as those making 15,000 barrels of beer a year or less. But the Anchor Brewing Company now makes well over 50,000 barrels and at least one, the Boston Beer Company, distributes its Samuel Adams beer in big European cities.
Are microbreweries the wave of the future? Yes and no; their popularity continues to grow, but the annual production of all of them combined would not equal what a brewer like Anheuser-Busch makes in a single day.
[Updated] On the theme of television, former F1 team boss Flavio Briatore is the central character in the Italian version of "The Apprentice" - a reality series which has been a hit in the UK with entrepreneur Alan Sugar.
The Italian series begins tonight (18th September) at 9pm on Cielo channel in Italy. Briatore will mentor around 14 young go-getters who want to get ahead in business. The idea is that each week they set them a business task and then fires the one who performs the worst until they are left with the winner, who will become their Apprentice for a year.
Air Asia and Caterham F1 boss Tony Fernandes has been approached to do something similar in their native Malaysia.
Briatore, who rose to prominence with the Benetton group, came into F1 in 1989 and oversaw F1 world championships with Michael Schumacher (1994/5) and Fernando Alonso (2005/6).
 They are still serving a ban from motor sport for their part in the Crashgate scandal which rocked F1 in 2009, when Nelson Piquet Junior admitted deliberately crashing their car in a hard-to-reach place during the inaugural Singapore Grand Prix of 2008, causing a safety car deployment which worked in the favour of their then Renault teammate Alonso. Alonso won the race.
The ensuing scandal led indirectly to Renault withdrawing from the sport as a works team as well as a ban for Briatore and Pat Symonds, the director of engineering.
Those bans will expire at the end of the 2012 season.
The way Iron Man flies may be cool, but if we're honest it's also kind of impractical. Even if your core strength is off the chart, as I assume Tony Stark's is (you're basically planking the whole time, right?), putting jets on your hands and feet is just asking for broken bones. But the seeming foolishness of this method hasn't stopped a handful of Italian researchers from suggesting we give it a shot… on a robot, anyway.
A flying humanoid robot may have applications of its own, such as doing repairs or inspections, or it could serve as the beginning of research toward an exoskeleton for human flight. The paper details a basic framework for how such a robot would be controlled, with the assumption that the propulsion would be from the hands and feet (of a virtual iCub humanoid bot with a baby face).
Although I mock the style for human flight, despite a guy actually having done it, it makes some sense for robots. The tiny, subtle adjustments needed to maintain stable flight are difficult for a human to do perfectly, while a robot would excel at them. Constant monitoring of even the slightest motions and thrust variations would make counteracting them or producing a desired vector pretty straightforward.
In theory, anyway. The researchers, from the Italian Institute of Technology in Genoa, haven't tested it in real life yet. The basic set of controls had to be established first, which this paper does — now, if they or other researchers want to, the complex questions of navigating a real robot with mass and air resistance using those controls can be addressed.
Lead author Daniele Pucci answers a few questions about the project over at IEEE Spectrum; among their remarks are some suggestions for future research:
In my humble opinion, controlling a flying humanoid robot leads to a number of theoretical and practical questions. For instance, a general control framework encompassing manipulation, contact-locomotion, and flight is still missing, and the role of the auxiliary (jet?) actuation during contact locomotion of humanoid robots is not clear. For instance, what is the walking speed at which it is more energetically convenient to turn the auxiliary actuation on? How do we deal with landing impacts for smooth transitions between flight and walking?
I look forward to watching video of those tests.
No organization is immune from disruptions. When they occur, there are usually financial and reputation risks, no matter if the organization is a multinational corporation or small business. Effective communications is one of the keys to crisis leadership.
Communication Challenges
A simple power outage can cripple operations. A computer virus can cause serious damage to systems and data. A key employee being in poor health could result in critical information not being available. Economic downturn or employee strikes can shut down production. Weather threats can affect operations in a matter of seconds.
There are a myriad of other potential causes, depending on industry, location and other factors.
Communication is a critical factor in nearly every crisis situation. Informing everyone who could potentially be affected is the first order of business. This can be a problem if there are power outages or computer breakdowns. You must have an alternate plan for communication during such situations.
Always Have a Backup Plan
Even if your business has a plan in place to operate even when disruptions occur, the fact is that other businesses that you rely on may not have these types of systems in place. For that reason, you must have a plan in place to communicate both internally and externally via nontraditional methods.
A well prepared crisis communication plan will include methods of communication ranging from voice and SMS to Facebook; and in the event of total systems failure, personal verbal communication.
Consistent Communication
It is essential that all parties involved receive clear concise communication regarding the business disruption, including safety information, a tentative schedule for resuming normal business, and the events that should occur or tasks that should be accomplished in the meantime.
Any crisis management plan that is successful will spend much effort in the area of crisis communication. It is a grave mistake to eliminate any stakeholders completely from the communications loop as it creates animosity, and those affected by the business disruption will be much more cooperative and understanding if they are kept informed.
The bottom line is that no organization can avoid every possible crisis. To minimize impact, plan ahead for your crisis response, and when the inevitable trouble strikes keep the communication flowing. Your organization will be stronger, and employees, stakeholders, and your community will thank you.
Free crisis leadership eBook (normally $19.95): Dancing With The Tiger: The Art of Business Crisis Leadership
Image credit: iStockPhoto
AUGUSTA, Ga. — A federal prosecutor said on Thursday that Reality Leigh Winner, the National Security Agency contractor accused of leaking a highly classified report, might have stolen or exposed other secrets before their arrest last week.
“This was not the first time the defendant mishandled classified information,” Jennifer G. Solari, an assistant United States attorney, said during a detention hearing, in which they described a recorded jailhouse telephone call and referred to an episode last year in which Ms. Winner placed a portable storage device into a sensitive computer.
It was not clear, either in Courtroom No. 1 or even to federal investigators, whether Ms. Winner had distributed classified information beyond a single N.S.A. report related to Russian hacking activities. But Ms. Solari said the authorities were concerned because Ms. Winner referred to “documents” during a telephone call with their mother.
“I screwed up,” Ms. Winner, 25, the first person to face prosecution by the Trump administration in connection with a leak of sensitive information, said during the call, according to Ms. Solari.
[email protected]
La canciller de Venezuela, Delcy Rodríguez, lanzó ayer un fuerte ataque al gobierno mexicano y le acusó de convertir a México en un “Estado fallido” y permitir que el narcotráfico penetrara su institucionalidad y tras catalogar al canciller Luis Videgaray de “muy desvergonzado” por cuestionar la situación política y socioeconómica venezolana, le retó a un debate público sobre democracia, derechos humanos, delitos, violencia y contrabando de drogas.
Refiriéndose a Videgaray, Rodríguez afirmó que “hay que ser realmente muy desvergonzado para pararse a decir lo que ha dicho de Venezuela sin voltear a ver la realidad de su país”, y le culpó de fraguar sin éxito un “plan de intervención y tutelaje para Venezuela” en una reunión de cancilleres que, sin lograr acuerdos, se realizó el pasado miércoles en la sede de la Organización de Estados Americanos (OEA), en Washington.
Anunció que asistirá a la Asamblea General de la OEA que se llevará a cabo en Cancún, Quintana Roo, por órdenes de su presidente Nicolás Maduro, para que esté n representados en el encuentro que se llevará a cabo del 19 al 21 de junio.
“Espero en Cancún al canciller de México, articulador también de este plan conjuntamente con otros de sus colegas, decírselo en su cara. ¡Atienda a su pueblo, canciller de México, atienda a las demandas de su pueblo, atienda a los desaparecidos, atienda a la violencia, atienda al narcotráfico!”, señaló.
“Yo espero cara a cara confrontarlo. Lo llamo a un debate, si usted quiere, público en Cancún. Vamos a debatir sobre democracia, sobre derechos humanos, sobre delitos. Vamos a debatir sobre violencia. ¡Yo tengo aquí los números! Vamos a debatir sobre el narcotráfico”, dijo.
A Cancún, alertó, “vamos acompañados de los pueblos de centroamérica, vamos a llegar en marcha acompañados por el pueblo de México, llevaremos el tema de los migrantes, llevaremos el tema de los 43 desaparecidos de Ayotzinapa”.
Reiteró que denunciará a México por la “vergüenza” por el caso de los 43 normalistas de Ayotzinapa desaparecidos desde septiembre de 2014. “Para que se puedan dar violaciones tan graves, de forma masiva y sistemática, no hay duda de que tiene que estar involucrada la institucionalidad, hoy como dije seriamente amenazada en este país”, advirtió.
Tras señalar a México como “el país más violento del planeta”, recalcó que es incomprensible que “hable” de Venezuela, ese que “es el lugar más peligroso para ejercer el periodismo, donde el narcotráfico ha penetrado toda la institucionalidad de este hermano país convirtiéndolo en un Estado fallido, donde los desaparecidos suman cifras realmente espeluznantes”.
Reacción. Rodríguez acusó a México y a otras naciones de pretender que la cita de cancilleres —cuya convocatoria provocó el pasado 26 de abril que Venezuela se saliera de la OEA— acordara un plan para intervenir en asuntos internos venezolanos. La reunión debatió la crisis política y socioeconómica de ese país, que arroja un creciente saldo de muertos, heridos y detenidos por choques entre chavistas y antichavistas desde hace dos meses.
En el encuentro, Videgaray descartó invocar el principio de “no intervención” como “pretexto” para ser indiferente ante la situación en Venezuela, destacó que ese país tiene “una realidad extraordinariamente grave que es la ruptura del orden democrático” y pidió restablecer el calendario electoral, respetar la Asamblea Nacional, liberar a los presos políticos, el cese de los tribunales militares y reconsiderar los términos de un llamado a Asamblea Constituyente.
Rodríguez respondió que “es una vergüenza que estas caras que ayer [el miércoles] se lanzaron contra nuestra patria desconociendo sus elementales funciones como funcionarios diplomáticos que deben respetar las normas internacionales, se hagan los ciegos sobre las terribles realidades que lamentablemente acompañan a países de nuestra región”.
The Canadian Press
THUNDER BAY, Ont. -- The Canadian Press asked people who are homeless or work with those on the street in Thunder Bay -- one of the worst cities in Canada for homelessness -- what advice they would give the federal government as it crafts its first budget and a poverty reduction strategy.
Here's what they had to say, in their own words:
------
"Housing, housing, housing. That's what we need. That's what we need in our community, that's what we need across Canada. We need a national housing strategy." -- Brad King, operations manager, Shelter House, Thunder Bay
------
"Housing first. That's the philosophy that everyone in this country deserves safe, affordable housing. That should be a no-brainer. But along with that we need to offer supports and initiatives for people to remain in their housing and to be housed successfully. So if we have those two things in place, then I think we'll really be able to tackle this problem." -- Bonnie Krysowlaty, researcher, Lakehead Social Planning Council.
------
"You can build a beautiful maze of one-room apartments with beautiful surroundings at a great price, but if you don't have the supports that are going to be required you might as well not build it because clients moving into those facilities with mental illnesses or addictions -- they won't be staying long, or they will be evicted." -- Ken Mackenzie, nurse practitioner.
------
"Try and find more housing units or pay them a little bit more, as long as they don't take advantage of that and do other things with it. Monitor what's going on and just try and fix it. There's a lot of people here who could use a lot of help."-- Brandon Meredith, 19, who pays $100 a month to sleep on a friend's couch and uses the shelter's meal service to save money.
------
"Build affordable housing for the homeless people because a lot of people can't pay first and last month's rent." -- Hazel Cripps, homeless, Thunder Bay.
------
"I would rather have the option of paying some towards with your support money that you get, put some towards that last month's rent and then make up the difference, some kind of payment plan where we don't have to go, 'Here's $1,300' ... It's really hard to pull up that kind of money." -- Yvonne Hunter, 46, formerly homeless.
------
"In order to have a healthier population and in order to have a productive population where we're able to increase our gross domestic product or whatever they want as benchmarks, we really need to go back to basics: food, shelter, education, those basic things, so really putting in enhanced infrastructure for the poor so that they have a place to live, they have a place to hang their hat, they have a hat to hang and they've got food to eat." -- Dr. Ella Goodman, NorWest Community Health Centre.
SAN JOSE – Hang around any NHL team for a few days, and you're bound to hear the head coach mention how they would like to be able to roll four lines at any given time.
Pete DeBoer is no different, but lately the Sharks haven't been able to do that. On their just completed six-game six-win road trip, the coaching staff has significantly shortened the team's bench while competing in close games late, particularly with some forwards.
Part of the reason that Dainius Zubrus was brought in was to avoid those kinds of situations in the future. The 37-year-old, who agreed to a one-year deal on Tuesday, will don a teal sweater for the first time on Wednesday against Chicago skating on the fourth line with Chris Tierney and Mike Brown.
Does the addition of Zubrus move the Sharks closer to becoming that four-line team that DeBoer prefers?
“I think so, absolutely,” DeBoer said. “That's going to be up to him. We're providing an opportunity, but I'm excited about them coming in and I feel they can help.”
Zubrus said: “You want to play well and get energy, and be a line that the coach can trust, and be responsible in your own end. Maybe that way you get a little bit more minutes.”
[RELATED: Sharks sign Zubrus to one-year contract]
Tierney, who will start as Zubrus' center, was just two years old when their linemate broke into the league as a Flyers rookie in 1996. After a promising rookie year in 2014-15, particularly in the final few weeks, Tierney's sophomore season has been bumpy. The 21-year-old is still looking for their first non-empty net goal on the season, with six points (2g, 4a) and a -5 rating.
Perhaps Zubrus, they of 1243 games NHL experience, can help spark Tierney.
“Even today in practice he's just giving me little tips and stuff, and I can ask them about things – what do you think of this play, or that play,” Tierney said. “He's seen a lot of it.”
“The fourth line, when we're out there, we want Pete to trust us and we want to be out there, and show that we can play in big situations late in the game. We've still got to earn that, and we're working towards that. I think [Zubrus] can add some more trust.”
Zubrus will also be involved in the penalty kill, which is 20th in the league at 79.1 percent.
“He PK'd for me in New Jersey, and we had a real good penalty kill in New Jersey most of the time we were there,” DeBoer said. “He knows the expectation, and he's comfortable. I think they can help us there, too.”
Zubrus said: “I'll be any role that the team sees me in.”
While the signing of Zubrus isn't exactly the sexiest move, there's another benefit that might not be immediately noticeable. As long as the team stays healthy, guys like Nikolay Goldobin – who was reassigned on Sunday – and Barclay Goodrow can continue to hone their skills in the minor leagues. There's a good chance that neither of those two players will be back on the NHL roster this season, especially when Logan Couture and Ben Smith get healthy, and if Raffi Torres ends up with a roster spot when their suspension ends in mid-January.
Conversely, if Zubrus doesn't work out, the two-way stipulation allows the Sharks to cut ties with them without experiencing a salary cap hit for their reported $600,000 price tag.
Zubrus, though, is pleased to be able to extend their career in San Jose after getting bought out by the Devils in the offseason and then failing to make the St. Louis Blues after a tryout there in October.
“I'm back in the league playing with the best hockey players. Very happy to be back,” they said.
“I think my legs can get me on the forecheck. I'm [six-foot-four and 225 pounds], so battles around the walls, puck possession, getting to the front of the net – things like that I think I can still do. I'm going to try to fit in, and hopefully I can.”
Public Service of NJ elevated trestle leading up to Jersey City Heights from Hoboken. Collection of David Pirmann.
Overview
Between 1886 and 1949, there was an elevated railroad for trolley car service between Hoboken Terminal and Jersey City. The line was built by the North Hudson Railway Company and eventually became part of Public Service of New Jersey's operations. The line was initially operated by cable ("transit chains") and beginning in 1892, electric traction. The line was authorized in 1883, and the first pile driven February 19, 1884 (NY Times). Opening day was January 28, 1886, and service on the elevated ceased on August 7, 1949.
The route was as follows: From present day Hoboken Terminal's upper level trolley terminal; westward along the north side of present day Observer Highway (at time of construction, Observer Hwy. was known as Ferry Street) to approximately the corner of Observer, Monroe Street, and Paterson Avenue (Paterson Plank Road); at which corner the elevated structure turned slightly to the right (north), and ran over midblock easements in between Observer Hwy. and Paterson Ave., rising in elevation to crest the palisade into Jersey City at Ogden Avenue between Ferry St. and Wood Pl. From this point, tracks split from the elevated structure to join street trackage at Palisade Avenue, and the elevated structure continued west, directly over rooftops of buildings between Ferry St. and Ravine Avenue to Webster Avenue; then over Ravine Avenue to Abbett St. and then between rows of houses facing Ferry Street on the north and Booraem Avenue on the south. The el turned south over the lot on the northeast corner of Central and Booraem Aves. then ran south along Central Avenue, crossing the State Highway and entering private right of way at Central and Hoboken Avenue, resuming over-street running at Newark Ave and Central Ave. The elevated structure came to an end at a ramp at approximately Central Avenue and Lott Street, half a block short of the major intersection of Summit, Central, and Pavonia Avenues.
Elevated stations were located at: Hoboken Terminal (upper level); Washington Street (westbound only); Bloomfield Street (eastbound only); Willow Avenue (both directions); Henderson Street (both directions); Palisade Avenue (both directions); Ravine Ave between Webster and Forest (both directions); Central & Reservoir (both directions); Central & Jefferson (both directions); Central & Beacon (both directions); Central & Fleet (northbound only); Central between Fleet and Hoboken Ave (southbound only); Court House (both directions; south side of Newark Ave over PRW, which is today's Central Ave.). Station data from detailed lot maps of Jersey City and Hoboken available at Princeton University Jersey City, Hoboken). The 1896 map at Princeton shows an elevated terminal station at Pavonia Avenue instead of a ramp to the street (See Jersey City link above, 1896 map, sheet 15).
The photos below depict the elevated structure from Hoboken Terminal to its Jersey City terminus. Most of the photos are from the George Conrad collection with a few postcard views and others thrown in. Some were saved from other web sites some time ago and I cannot find them again now - If the photos are yours please, please let me know. Thanks!
Photo Gallery
More Images:
Rapid Transit In Hoboken. NY Times, 1883.
City And Suburban News; The first pile for the Hoboken elevated road... NY Times, 1884.
Hoboken's Elevated Railroad. NY Times, 1886.
Crowded Car Saved From 100 Feet Plunge.; Stopped on the Brink of Jersey City Heights -- Left the Track and Bumped Over Ties of Trestle. NY Times, 1902.
The Hoboken Inclined Cable Railway. Scientific American, February 20, 1886.
"Conquest of the Palisades: A Triumph of Victorian Traction Technology". Al Mankoff, Electriclines, March/April 1992.
Trolley Treasures, Volume 1. Al Mankoff and & C.D. Wrege.
The Public Service Trolley Lines in New Jersey, Edward Hamm, Jr., Transportation Trails Publishing.
Maps at Princeton: Jersey City, Hoboken.
Exactly one month from now, 40,000 people will invade downtown Phoenix for one reason: to geek out as hard as possible during Phoenix Comicon.
During the annual Memorial Day weekend (Thursday, May 23, to Sunday, May 25) convergence of pop culture, sci-fi, fantasy, and (of course) comic books, there are plenty of things they'll be doing.
See Also: - John Barrowman (a.k.a. Captain Jack Harkness from Doctor Who and Torchwood) Is Coming to Phoenix Comicon - Five Life Lessons Learned from Phoenix Comicon 2012 - Best Geekfest - 2012: Phoenix Comicon
Continue Reading
Like interacting with any of the estimated 300 special guests, hanging out at after-parties both official and unofficial, roaming the expansive exhibition halls, or stopping by one of the more than 1,000 different geek-oriented panels, lectures, seminars, or workshops.
Plenty of people we know are planning to attend and each has something they're awaiting with anticipation. Photographer Jonny Synthetic is looking forward to the vast amount of cosplay. Local Star Wars guru Dustin Diehl is excited to catch some stars from HBO's True Blood. And Lightning Octopus blogger Jonathan Simon is eager to see Firefly's Jewel Staite.
We've got our own to-do list of must-see event for Phoenix Comicon 2013. Oh, and Jackalope Ranch has plenty of additional Comicon coverage in the weeks ahead (including guest interviews and other previews), so be sure to check back often.
10. Talk Nerdy to Me Burlesque As any Phoenix Comicon regular of the male persuasion will excitedly attest, attractive geek women scantily clad in costumes is one of the hallmarks of the event. Ecdysiasts and performers from Burlescapades and Romantasy Cabaret, as well as other striptease artists from the Valley scene, will take things a step further starting at 9 p.m. on Friday, May 24, inside the Salon room of the Renaissance Phoenix Downtown Hotel.
They'll likely dress up in geeky costumes before taking (most) of it off for the delight of those in attendance during the 18-and-over skin show. Maxi Millions and ribald musician Tom Tuerff will host and a "few other little surprises" will also take place. Get there early to grab a good seat, but keep your camera and phone stowed as pics won't be allowed.
Speaking of events that will be well-attended by men,
Firefly
cutie-pie Jewel Staite, who played the lovable gearhead Kaylee Frye on the cult sci-fi show, will offer a Q&A at 3 p.m. Friday, May 24.
While the chances that she'll ever get the chance to work on the Serenity's nacelles anytime soon are infinitesimally remote -- so don't bother asking, seriously -- they might dish on their more recent projects, like the recently cancelled (she's got the worst luck) CW show The L.A. Complex or their adventures with cooking for their new food blog.
8. Phoenix Ultimate Geek Smackdown Who has more daddy issues: Luke Skywalker or Bruce Wayne? And was Doc Brown's DeLorean a cooler time machine than the T.A.R.D.I.S.? And what dystopian film is more effective at killing children: Battle Royale or Hunger Games? Such are the questions that have been posed at this annual Comicon event, which will return for its third year on Thursday, May 23, and Friday, May 24.
Organized by Lightning Octopus' Jonathan Simon, Andrea "Midnite Movie Mamacita" Beesley, and social media geek Jeff Moriarty, P.U.G.S. is a competition featuring participants debating nerd-oriented topics in point-counterpoint fashion. The eventual winner gets bragging rights, the pride of being king or queen geek, and crafty trophy adorned with action figures.
7. Timothy Zahn If the Mouseketeers running Disney wind up rebooting the Star Wars Expanded Universe (i.e., anything not depicted in the movies) with the newest films in the sci-fi franchise, it will essentially nullify some pretty memorable characters from that galaxy far, far away, including many creations of Timothy Zahn.
Believe us, the 61-year-old author, who's appearing at all four days at Comicon, has conjured up some epic star warriors and scenes in their novels from the saga (including the Heir to the Empire trilogy, the Hand of Thrawn duology, and their most recent tomes). And even if Disney rewrites Star Wars history, our copies of said novels will remain unchanged and become even more beloved with Zahn's autograph.
The 56-year-old comic book artist and writer created crimson-skinned, Nazi-killing demon Hellboy, which is reason enough to want to meet the dude when they sign autographs while meeting and greeting their fans from the Friday through Sunday of Comicon.
The fact that Mignola also was behind such other projects as the steampunk-filled Batman: Gotham by Gaslight (he designed The Dark Knight's Victorianesque suit) or such other books as Hellboy spin-offs Lobster Johnson and B.P.R.D., as well as The Amazing Screw-On Head one-shot, is just more of an incentive to talk to the man about their particular art style, which Alan Moore once described as "German expressionism meets Jack Kirby."
5. Walking Dead Cast Members Last year, Phoenix Comicon featured an entertaining and humorous appearance by Walking Dead actor Jon Bernthal, who gushed about alternate scenes and lamented the death of their tough-guy character Shane Walsh (who got a killshot to their melon after becoming a walker in the season two finale).
This year, however, even more cast members of AMC's hit zombie serial will appear. Danai Gurira (Michonne) may have backed out of Comicon, but at least three other actors from the drama will be showing up. Both Chandler Riggs (Carl Grimes) and Michael Rooker (Merle Dixon) will visit on Saturday, May 25, and Sunday, May 26; while Laurie Holden (Andrea) is scheduled for Friday through Sunday.
4. The Cosplay We don't envy the judges working any of number of costume contests occurring at each and every Comicon, purely because it would be hard to choose amongst the all amazing and extravagant outfits. Walk around the event and witness a non-stop parade of eye-popping and ensembles embodying geekdom's more renowned heroes and villains. And, yes, plenty of hot chicks.
We've seen a wealth of expensive-looking that push the boundaries of creativity exponentially, like fully armored Iron Man doppelgangers, not tosamurai versions of Boba Fett, or life-sized Optimus Primes. Not every one is a winner (c'mon, put some effort into it, unlike this fellow) but even the worst costumes are memorable in some fashion, like one hairy dude last year wearing a Speedo, cape, sandals, and, um...not much else.
If you don't wanna be like that guy or wanna assemble some snazzy gear yourself, a surfeit of costume panels and programming takes place all four days.
3. Geek Prom Comics and pop culture by day, partying at night. That's the typical schedule for Comicon as themed fiestas and shindigs go on after the sun goes down, whether it's at hotel ballrooms or more private fetes in suites and rooms. Attendees who aren't getting sack time after an exhausting day of traipsing about the exhibition hall with loaded plastic bags in hand will probably be found at nightlife events like the Monster Bash, Adventure Time Rave, Captain Cantina, or -- the biggest party of the all -- the Geek Prom.
Commencing at 8 p.m. Saturday, May 25, in the Hyatt Regency Ballroom, it will -- as it always does -- boast a big turnout, revelers in the finest or freakiest clothing, and more than a few jags of awkward dancing. Fittingly, a uniquely decorated archway will be set up for photos.
[Note: Boxleitner wound up cancelling their Comicon visit due to a new television project he's filming.] 2. Babylon 5 20th Anniversary More than 500 followers of Comicon's Facebook page hit their like buttons in December when organizers announced that a huge chunk of '90s science fiction serial Babylon 5's cast, as well as series creator J. Michael Straczynski, would show up at the event next month. We guarantee that three times as many people will cram into the largest room of the Phoenix Convention Center at 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 25, for a 90-minute reunion of the show's thespians in honor of its 20th anniversary. (If you don't wanna fight the fracas, two overflow rooms will each be set up with video simulcasts on big screens.)
The cast members scheduled to attend Comicon include Bruce Boxleitner (Captain John Sheridan), Claudia Christian (Commander Susan Ivanova), Jerry Doyle (Michael Garibaldi), Julie Caitlin Brown (Na'Toth), Stephen Furst (Vir Cotto), Bill Mumy (Lennier), Walter Koenig (Alfred Bester), and others.
Other B5 programming is planned throughout the weekend, including panels related to the groundbreaking program (which aired for five seasons) and its creation, as well as its devoted fandom, underlying themes, fictional technology, and enduring legacy.
1. John Barrowman There are a million questions we're planning on asking the recently announced guest of this year's Comicon during their Q&A session, if we can manage to wrestle the microphone away from the thousands of other geeks aiming for a moment of their time. Make no mistake, John Barrowman is one of the highest-profile actors appearing this year, owing to their popular portrayal of wisecracking time traveler Captain Jack Harkness on Doctor Who and Torchwood. He's also the first-ever guest at the 'con who's associated with the show.
If we're lucky enough (or early enough in line), we're hoping for the answer to such queries as "Who'd you piss off at the BBC to be left off the 50th anniversary special?" or "Are you creeped out by Harkness and Doctor Who slashfic?" Here's hoping Barrowman's cool enough to answer such things, or to maybe show up at Comicon's annual "Party Like A Time Lord" soiree.
Phoenix Comicon takes place from Thursday, May 23, to Sunday, May 26, at the Phoenix Convention Center. Daily admission prices are $15 to $30 while a full event memberships is $50.
Follow Jackalope Ranch on Facebook and Twitter and Pinterest.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United winger Gabriel Obertan has suffered a fresh injury setback and faces a further three to four months on the sidelines.
The 26-year-old has undergone surgery in their native France after suffering damage to the same hamstring that they had previously injured.
Obertan first broke down with a hamstring injury at the end of September and was expected to return within the next few weeks, but the former Manchester United winger has been dealt a fresh blow and will be out until at least the end of February.
The former France Under-21 international started the season in Steve McClaren's United first team, even providing a brilliant assist on the opening day against Southampton, but then found themselves dropped from the line-up.
However, they are a player McClaren has spoken fondly of and the United head coach will now be deprived of the ex-Bordeaux winger from their squad until well into the New Year.
In recent weeks, McClaren has largely settled on a regular starting line-up, with Georginio Wijnaldum and Moussa Sissoko on either wing.
Florian Thauvin, a £13million summer signing, has barely had a look-in but the ex-Marseille winger's opportunities are likely to be increased due to Obertan's setback.
What's more, winger Rolando Aarons is also out until the turn of the year.
Auditor General, Odysseas Michaelides revealed last night at a talk show on CyBC the list of scandals that the Audit Office of the Republic is currently working on. The largest scandals involve the Cyprus University of Technology (CUT) and the Sewerage Board of Pafos (SAPA).
Regarding CUT, the investigation continues with new issues constantly surfacing and being referred to the relevant authorities.
With regard to SAPA, from the investigation in the initial phase of the sewerage system, the involvement and roles of individuals was identified and have either already been charged or will be soon.
They referred to the case of Paphos coastal areas as a ‘monument of mismanagement'.
For the Nicosia Sewerage Board there was a serious potential for squandering of public money with reference to two problematic contracts which will be placed in the hands of the Legal Services for further investigation.
In addition the the above, the files of Sewerage Board of Limassol (SBLA) and Larnaca Sewerage and Drainage Board (LSDB) have also been opened and are being investigated. Specifically in Larnaca, evidence of scandal have already been found while the Limassol case is still at an early stage.
Another case under investigation involves a company profiting by buying and selling Turkish Cypriot properties in the Larnaca district.
Fearful of social media and Xi's anti-graft campaign, some local officials are using firms to scrub their corruption from the web.
Ever since President Xi Jinping announced their anti-graft campaign last January, China's central government has launched numerous investigations attempting to weed out government corruption by swatting “flies” (low-level officials) and killing “tigers” (high-level officials).
The Political Bureau of China's Central Committee released a document in December outlining eight ways for public officials to avoid corruption. Some points involved rejecting extravagant lifestyles and keeping close grassroots connections to address social problems more effectively.
Armed with this document, Chinese citizens have taken it upon themselves to help the central government find corrupt officials and bring them to justice. This has unsurprisingly made many local officials nervous.
WantChinaTimes reported on a People's Tribune magazine survey of over 2,000 officials across China, which asked them what they thought about the Internet's role in fighting corruption. 70 percent of those surveyed said they supported using the Internet to identify corruption despite 50 percent of the respondents indicating that they feared microblogs and other websites could ignite social unrest.
Of course, those guilty of unethical behavior should be worried about this development the most. However, the survey noted many are concerned about false accusations damaging their reputation, and also resent how a couple of unethical officials' actions may shape public opinion of local officials in general.
Officials fear the Internet's potential to spark unrest because many Chinese citizens use social media sites like Weibo to spread information about corruption in their localities. Sometimes these posts go viral and spark protests on the Web and in the streets. These protests pressure the central government into launching corruption investigations, whether the allegations are credible or not. If officials are charged, they are usually ousted from office, fined, and/or arrested.
Some Chinese netizens have made a hobby out of scouring the Internet and exposing officials based on negative information they've found online. These vigilantes are referred to as renren sousuo, or “human flesh search engines.” While they do not represent a new phenomenon, “human flesh search engines” have risen in popularity and frequency over the last five years.
For instance, one of the more noteworthy scandals involved Yang Dacai, a Shaanxi province's official who was accused of using public funds to purchase extravagant items for their own personal use. Chinese netizens found photos of them wearing expensive watches and other luxurious apparel, and accused them of “amassing a luxury wardrobe worth up to £110,000” (US$173,250), according to The Telegraph. These posts went viral, and online protests eventually caught the attention of the central government – who launched an investigation and sacked Yang Dacai last September.
Because of how effective Weibo and other social media websites are in diffusing information, China's central government can use the Internet to restrain local government power in addition to weeding out corruption. In an interview with The Next Web, Michael Anti – a Chinese journalist who specializes in media censorship – argued that China's national government “is able to leverage its oversight of the domestic Internet to keep regional officials in check.” Anti added, “The only definite loser is the local government.”
That's where China's burgeoning public relations (PR) industry comes in. Several “black,” or illegal, PR firms have reportedly been commissioned by local officials to clean up their public image online. Officials use these firms to prevent Chinese netizens from discovering scandals and to prevent sparking mass protests. These services therefore protect local officials from citizen-based and central government investigation; allowing them to continue to engage in corruption.
Martin Johnson, from GreatFire.org – a website that monitors blocked websites and keywords in China – told TNW that officials aren't really scared of the negative information posted online itself, but rather what the Chinese people will do with it. “They don't need to have people actually believing the information, they care more about stopping people from taking any kind of action.” (Harvard Professor Gary King's recent research, as noted last week on The Diplomat, explains how China's local and national governments are concerned with the potential for the Internet to spark collective action as well.)
Since officials are deathly afraid of dealing with protests in response to their own corruption, and many hopes to retain their lavish lifestyles– black PR firms like Yage Times, Xinxun Media, and Origin of Brightness are capitalizing off of their fears.
“It does not matter how big or sensitive the story is, we can make it disappear," Yage Times promises its clients, according to The Telegraph.
The newspaper also interviewed a representative of another firm who said that their company's services were not limited to deleting information from forums, but from news portals as well. “We can clean your name from blogs, forums, news websites, Weibo, everything. It costs 13,000 yuan [approx. US$2,120] to have a story deleted from the People's Daily website or from Xinhua.”
As a result of Xi's anti-graft campaign and Chinese netizens' efforts to expose government corruption, the black PR business has been booming thanks to local officials.
A recent Caixin report claimed that Yage Times had made over 50 million RMB (US$7.9 million) in profit. These sorts of profits are possible because black PR firms charge anywhere from 1,000 – 10,000 RMB to delete a post, and can charge over 100,000 RMB (US$16,000) to have a search keyword blocked.
According to the report, Black PR firms use their guanxi, or relationships, with employees from the website or news portal where a post needs to be deleted, and then bribe them to get rid of the information. If that doesn't work, firms bribe local police officials to send a deletion order to the website and force a post to be removed. Some companies have gone so far as to “create fake government stamps and use them to send faux-official takedown notices to get articles pulled from the web,” according to Tech In Asia.
Since these services require high-level connections, and many officials are desperate, firms can charge high prices to get rid of information.
Because the PR firms' actions impede on the central government's ability to identify local corruption, the Xi administration has reportedly started to crack down on these companies, including raiding the offices of Yage and XinXun Media. However, more efforts will be needed to deal with the rest of China's web-scrubbing industry, and success will require the new government to make it a continued priority.
Elleka Watts is an editorial assistant at The Diplomat.
Democratic presidential candidates finally got their chance to take high-profile shots at frontrunner Hillary Clinton in their first debate Tuesday, highlighting their vote for the Iraq war, their flip-flop on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement and their proposed no-fly zone in Syria as weaknesses.
One thing they largely left alone: the email controversy that has grated the former secretary of state's campaign.
"Let me say something that may not be great politics. But I think the secretary is right, and that is that the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails," said Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., as Clinton grinned and the Democratic crowd hollered.
That was one of the lighter moments among the Democrats on stage, including former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley.
PolitiFact is looking into several claims from the candidates. Here's what we've checked out so far.
Minority youth unemployment
Sanders introduced themselves as an advocate for middle-class workers who wants to redirect funding from the criminal justice system and into education and jobs for minorities.
"African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent," Sanders said. "Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent."
That claim rates Half True.
At the debate, Sanders didn't define the age range in question, but the most readily available "youth" data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics covers ages 16 to 19. For individuals age 16 to 19 in September 2015, the official unemployment rate for whites was 13.9 percent, for Hispanics it was 18.6 percent, and for African-Americans it was 31.5 percent. For individuals in that age range of all races and ethnicities, the unemployment rate was 16.3 percent.
While the rates for both minority groups are lower than the rate for whites, they are still well below the figures Sanders offered at the debate.
So what's going on? Sanders is referring to a left-of-center think tank study that looked at high school graduates who were not enrolled in further schooling. They also counted not just unemployed workers, but those were working part-time due to the weak economy.
Sanders didn't make clear that they were referring to a non-standard unemployment rate.
Clinton's Trans-Pacific Partnership "gold standard"
Clinton announced last week that they no longer supports the international trade deal, despite supporting it while serving as secretary of state -- once calling it the "gold standard." CNN anchor and debate moderator Anderson Cooper picked up on those words and asked Clinton about their reversal.
"I did say, when I was secretary of state, three years ago, that I hoped it would be the gold standard," Clinton said. "It was just finally negotiated last week, and in looking at it, it didn't meet my standards. My standards for more new, good jobs for Americans, for raising wages for Americans. And I want to make sure that I can look into the eyes of any middle-class American and say, ‘this will help raise your wages.' And I concluded I could not."
Them claim rates Half True.
Clinton's phrasing -- that they said they "hoped it would be the gold standard" -- implies that they were undecided on the TPP. But that doesn't exactly match up to their prior comments. We found that their previous remarks actually gave the impression that they had confidence in the deal as it stood.
In Australia in 2012 , Clinton delivered remarks on the general topic of the U.S.-Australia relationship. Here's everything they said about the TPP in that address, with the "gold standard" comment in bold.
"So it's fair to say that our economies are entwined, and we need to keep upping our game both bilaterally and with partners across the region through agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership or TPP. Australia is a critical partner. This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world's total trade and build in strong protections for workers and the environment."
So it seems Clinton is saying the TPP does, definitevely set the gold standard -- as opposed to Clinton hoping it will. This is in contrast to more recent comments where Clinton said they had concerns about the deal and that they ultimately oppose it.
Sanders and guns
Clinton tried to hit Sanders from the left during a lengthy discussion about gun policy after the country's latest mass shooting in Oregon.
"Sen. Sanders, you voted against the Brady bill that mandated background checks and a waiting period," Clinton said. "You also supported allowing riders to bring guns in checked bags on Amtrak trains. For a decade, you said that holding gun manufacturers legally responsible for mass shootings is a bad idea. Now, you say you're reconsidering that. Which is it: Shield the gun companies from lawsuits or not?"
Them claim that Sanders voted against the Brady bill rates True.
Before it became law in 1993, the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, which mandated a five-day waiting period for background checks for gun purchases, underwent many transformations. Sanders, then Vermont's sole representative in the U.S. House of Representatives, voted against the bill in its entirety five times.
Jailed in the USA
Sanders and Clinton both brought up ending mass incarceration. Sanders said, "Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. It seems to me that instead of building more jails and providing more incarceration, maybe, just maybe, we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids."
Sanders' claim about the United States' record number of inmates rates Mostly True.
It's likely they mean the population in state and federal prisons, along with those in local jails. The latest federal census found more than 2.2 million people behind bars in the United States. A research center in England reports that China ranks second with about 1.65 million prisoners. But the Chinese figure fails to include many thousands of people in detention centers, and we don't know how many that would be.
Regardless, based on population size, America has an incarceration rate higher than any other nation.
Keystone flip-flop?
O'Malley highlighted Clinton's "reversals on positions on Keystone and many other things," but Clinton defended themselves on the pipeline project in particular.
"You know, we know that if you are learning, you're going to change your position," Clinton said in response. "I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone."
Unlike the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Clinton never offered explicit, repeated support for Keystone. So this rates as a No Flip on our Flip-O-Meter.
In 2010, they said the administration was "inclined" to back it, but they qualified that statement by noting that the analysis was not complete, and the administration had not taken a final position. While this shows a more positive attitude toward Keystone XL than Clinton's position today, it was not a firm stance.
Other than that one comment, Clinton did not indicate their position on Keystone until they announced that they opposed it in September 2015.
Paid family leave
Sanders defended their record as a democratic socialist by calling for the United States to bring its family leave policy in line with other countries.
"You see every other major country saying to moms that, when you have a baby, we're not gonna separate you from your newborn baby, because we are going to have medical and family paid leave, like every other country on Earth," they said.
Their claim that "every other major country" offers paid family leave rates Mostly True, with the only caveat being that family leave isn't a universal benefit in some countries, due to exclusions on certain workers. Otherwise, the United States is absolutely an outlier among economic peers.
Hazy chance of prison sentence for smoking pot
Late in the debate, Sanders was asked for their position on a proposal to legalize recreational marijuana in Nevada, the site of the debate.
If they were a Nevada resident, Sanders said, "I suspect I would vote yes. And I would vote yes because I am seeing in this country too many lives being destroyed for nonviolent offenses. We have a criminal justice system that lets CEOs on Wall Street walk away, and yet we are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana."
Sanders' claim about jail sentences for pot smokers rates Mostly False.
A prison sentence for marijuana possession alone can happen, but experts said it's exceedingly rare to receive more than a night in jail for sheer use. Most of the time, people who are in jail for marijuana possession have other offenses on their record.
The pro-marijuana-legalization group NORML and other groups have estimated that there are 50,000 to 110,000 cannabis-only offenders in U.S. prisons, yet "most, but not all, of those incarcerated on marijuana charges are there for cultivation, sales or trafficking," said NORML executive director Allen St. Pierre.
Snowden's whistleblower status
Cooper pressed the candidates to offer their view of Edward Snowden, the government contractor considered a traitor or a hero for revealing the existence of massive national security databases of Americans' email and phone data.
Clinton said Snowden, who found asylum in Russia, shouldn't come home "without facing the music."
"He broke the laws of the United States," Clinton said. "He could have been a whistleblower. They could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower."
That claim rates Mostly False. The protections Clinton referenced do not seem to be as strong as they suggested.
While American law does shield government whistleblowers, experts said it wouldn't necessarily apply in Snowden's case.
A key 1998 law called the Intelligence Community Whistleblower Protection Act does lay out a pathway Snowden could have followed. However, there is at least a significant legal debate over whether the issues Snowden wanted to raise would fall under that law.
This story is updated as more fact-checks are published.
(Reuters) - United Continental Holdings Inc UAL.N took a leaf out of its low-cost competitors' playbook on Tuesday by unveiling a new low fare that limits customers to one carry-on bag that fits under a seat, part of a broader plan to boost profit over the next four years.
A United Airlines Boeing 787 taxis as a United Airlines Boeing 767 lands at San Francisco International Airport, San Francisco, California, February 7, 2015. REUTERS/Louis Nastro/File Photo
Chicago-based United is the first major U.S. carrier to make such a move for carry-ons, which it hopes will attract some new customers and push some of its regular flyers toward higher fares.
Combined with better flight connections and revamped pricing algorithms, the airline said at its investor day that it aims to add $4.8 billion to yearly operating income by 2020, excluding the effect of rising wages.
The new fare class, known as ‘Basic Economy,' risks frustrating flyers who already feel burdened with airline travel restrictions and fees, but could push some customers - especially those with large luggage - toward higher-priced fares.
The No. 3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic will begin selling the no-frills fares in the first quarter of 2017 for travel starting in the second quarter. Prices will be comparable to low fares it now charges for the economy cabin, but with more restrictions.
United said Basic Economy customers would not be assigned seats until the day of departure, meaning people on the same ticket may be split apart.
“Flights do run pretty full today. You're probably going to get a middle seat,” United's President Scott Kirby said in an interview.
CARRY-ON SCRAMBLE
Survey data indicated travelers and employees do not like scrambling to stow carry-ons when overhead bin space is limited, Kirby said. United believes the new fare creates more options for customers, and should not provoke a backlash.
Charlie Leocha, chairperson of consumer advocacy group Travelers United, took a different view.
“This action clearly shows how airline consolidation is eliminating choice,” they said in an email. A single carrier's decision now means more customers are impacted.
Those who book Basic Economy on United will be barred from carrying on bags that can only fit in overhead bins, and they will not accrue miles toward elite status.
Fare initiatives will account for $1 billion of United's income target, as more customers pay to check bags or select higher fares that give them two “free” carry-ons. And airlines still have ample room to invent fare packages they can sell to customers, Kirby said.
“It is ridiculous that we will sell a seat for $49 and a seat next to it for $800, and we treat them exactly the same, just because they book later in the process. There's no other industry in the world I can think of that does something like that,” they said.
United shares closed up nearly 5 percent. Part of the rise may be from billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), which disclosed stakes in four U.S. airlines including United on Monday, boosting investor confidence in the sector.
LOW-COST RIVALS
United's announcement follows a similar decision by Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) in 2014 to sell more tickets that are cheap but prohibit itinerary changes and seat selection.
Delta and United are hoping to lure customers away from low-cost carriers with competitive prices and upsell them once they reveal the conditions of the ticket.
The practice of marketing cheap tickets that become expensive once add-ons like carry-on bags are included had helped companies like Spirit Airlines Inc SAVE.O and Frontier Airlines undercut their bigger rivals, until the likes of Delta borrowed from their playbook.
Frontier was lowest for customer satisfaction in J.D. Power's North American airline survey in 2016. Spirit was not included in the survey.
United's latest move appears to be the most restrictive yet for a large airline's basic economy fare, said Bob Mann, an airline industry analyst at R.W. Mann & Co.
Mann said United still had some way to go before it matched the profit of Delta, the No. 2 U.S. airline, whose margins are about twice those of United. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O), the biggest U.S. carrier, is expected to launch its basic economy product early next year.
It was unclear if the move by United would prompt similar bag limits from rivals. However, airlines have frequently copied each other, as when they added fees for checked luggage in the last decade.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Delta declined to comment on whether it would follow suit on carry-on bags. An American spokesperson said the airline was in the process of evaluating its own basic economy offering.
In addition, United said it would defer 61 Boeing Co (BA.N) 737-700 planes originally due in the next two years to a date to be determined, reducing capital spending by $1.6 billion through 2018. It will convert those 61 orders to newer 737 MAX planes.
The company also said it would buy 24 E175 aircraft from Brazil's Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA), instead of leasing the planes as previously planned.
Note that this is the specs page for the original size version (of which there is no difference, other than the resolution of the image).
It's done. I have no idea how to feel right now...I started this almost a year ago. I've been working on it intermittently since then. I lost count, but there must've been over 100 hours spent on it. I livestreamed some of it, did most of it on my own.Got craploads of great critique from my friend The story goes as such: Awhile back, I was looking through my gallery and I said "There's nothing in here I'm super proud of. I especially haven't done many pieces with full backgrounds. Let's give that a whirl." And so it began.In a way the piece is kind of the epitome of what I do. It's got everything. It's made with pixel art, using traditional pixelling styles and self imposed restrictions. It has an anthropomorphic character. The palette is heavily reliant on blues and greens. It's everything I do crunched into one piece.Over 100 hours over the course of many months21, no transparency380 x 260 (original)It comes with a big WIP animation. This shows almost every save I made of the picture since its humble beginnings: [link] Edit: DA does some weird scaling stuff, so it might show up looking blurry. I submitted it at 2x size, so it's still clearly pixel art. I tried it at original size, but on my monitor DA decided that it needed to be stretched out to a larger size, blurring it all up in the process. If you want to see how the piece should properly look, click the "Download" button or go to pixeljoint Edit Again: A big thanks to everyone who placed in a good word for this to get a Daily Deviation! As an added bonus, if you're interested you can check out the Specs Page (made by a member of Pixeljoint) to see the dimensions and color palette used in the image.
Anytime someone says something as toe-curlingly moronic as Rep. Todd "Legitimate Rape" Akin did, it's best for everyone in the vicinity to just acknowledge the moron's stupidity and move on. What you should never try to do is explain away said person's statement or try and translate the stupidity into something rational. Doing so is called "turd polishing," and it just makes an even bigger mess.
Yesterday it was Mike Huckabee, who reminded us that rape has created a lot of great people. Today it's Missouri GOP Committeewoman Sharon Barnes, who told a New York Times reporter the following:
Ms. Barnes echoed Mr. Akin's statement that very few rapes resulted in pregnancy, adding that "at that point, if God has chosen to bless this person with a life, you don't kill it." "That's more what I believe they were trying to state," they said. "He just phrased it badly."
And you phrased it wonderfully, Sharon. That's a shiny turd.
Reports this week suggest Man City are in advanced talks to sign Ilkay Gundogan, and looking at these stats provided by Oulala we're not surprised at all.
The Dortmund man is also said to be a target for their former manager in Germany, Jurgen Klopp, who would love to add them to Liverpool's midfield next season.
By comparing their league stats this season with those of Man City's midfielders, it's easy to see why Guardiola has identified Gundogan as their number one target.
The German international has completed more successful take-ons per game, passes per game and interceptions per game than Yaya Toure, Fernandinho, Fernando and Fabian Delph.
Out of those City midfielders, only Toure has created more chances per game than Gundogan, whose appeal to Guardiola will centre on their ability to provide City's more attacking players with the ideal conditions to express themselves.
by Thomas R. Wells
The proponents of gun control in America are losing the argument and will continue to do so. Their complacency, typical of the left, that they are on the right side of history has blinded them to the fact that they have chosen to fight on the wrong ground. They keep harping on about guns killing people. As if guns were like cigarettes, and as if the numbers were big enough to matter.
I. The Public Health Argument Doesn't Work
Guns are indeed an excellent killing technology. They are really very good at transforming an intention to kill into its achievement. However, that doesn't mean that they are a particularly significant cause of death and it is rather ridiculous to imply that removing guns from citizens would change death rates much. America is not 42nd in the world for life-expectancy because of guns, but because of much more significant effects like the social gradient in health.
Let's go into this a little more.
We hear a lot about the large number of deaths caused by guns in America – now up to 33,000 per year. This seems like a big number. It is nearly as big as the rate of death from car accidents (another area in which America is an international outlier, by the way). But 2/3 of gun deaths are suicides. Most of those deaths would still occur if people didn't have access to guns. Many murders committed with guns would also go ahead without them, albeit with a smaller chance of success.
Mass killings by individual loonies get far more attention than they deserve. It feels like there are a lot of them, and perhaps they are even increasing – 133 between 2000 and 2014. But in a country with 320 million people and poor funding of mental health services there are always going to be murderous loonies making the national news somewhere. These atrocities make for wonderful news stories, full of pathos and inspiring great moral indignation. But they are statistically irrelevant to Americans' public health. They are not an argument for gun control.
The overarching assumption that murders are caused by weak gun control laws is weak. The decline of gun control began in the 1980s, but the murder rate in America has actually fallen by half since then (back to what it was in 1950). The reason is that rates of violence have a lot more to do with social conditions and inequality than with particular technologies. Most of America is nearly as safe as Western Europe, but some areas of concentrated hopelessness have the murder rates of Central America. The real causes of violence are something America is particularly bad at addressing, among rich countries, perhaps because the left in America spends most of its time campaigning for things that have little to do to with social justice.
In conclusion, the left seems to be confusing the subjective feeling of vulnerability to violence that people living in a society with extensive gun ownership feel with the objective statistical facts of risk. This is one reason why their official arguments are so unconvincing. The other is that they have brought a statistical significance result to a political philosophy fight.
II. Locke or Hobbes?
The real concern of gun control advocates is not risk, but vulnerability. Gun rights make many Americans feel afraid of what other citizens might do. They worry about maniacs with high-powered large-magazine weapons turning up at their children's school, or at their church, or on their subway car, or breaking into their homes. They argue that they are entitled to freedom from fear, and they demand that the state acknowledge and provide this. They want the freedom to live as civilians rather than in a state of militaristic hypervigilance (‘condition yellow'). As a European I feel much the same way. But as a political philosopher I acknowledge that the practical legitimacy of their claim depends on whether they can bring the rest of America to accept it.
There is a reason most gun control advocates are on what passes for the left in American politics, and why they are often mocked as ‘European'. This is fundamentally a dispute about how citizens should relate to the state, and especially a dispute between those who see the state as a guarantor of security (after the timid absolutism of Hobbes) and those who see it as a guarantor of liberty (after the rebellious Locke).
This brings me to what guns do for people. Of course they do various things. They are beautifully made objects that also, as the liberal gun-lover, Dan Baum, puts it, like sky-diving give off “a little contact high from the Grim Reaper”. But they also make people feel more powerful and thus, indirectly, more in possession of their political rights as citizens: less willing to put up with being over-managed and under-respected by the state.
Dan Baum again.
Going armed has connected me with an entire range of values I didn't use to think much about—self-reliance, vigilance, muscular citizenship—and some impulses I'd rather avoid, like social pessimism and irrational fear. It has militarized my life; all that locking and loading and watching over my shoulder makes me feel like a bit player in the perpetual global war in which we find ourselves. There's no denying that carrying a gun has made my days a lot more dramatic. Suddenly, I'm dangerous. I'm an action figure. I bear a lethal secret into every social encounter.
The gun rights movement seems to me to reflect a ‘heroic' vision of citizenship, and hence of society, that taps into an enduring strain of rugged individualism in America's political psychology. Most Western polities are characterised by an overwhelming emotional and institutional dependence on a beneficent, all controlling government. This plays a significant role in American politics too – just look at how Americans responded to 9/11 by demanding the government do whatever it takes to make them feel safe again. However, America also has a long Lockean tradition which emphasises the enduring independence of the individuals who make up a political society. This political philosophy has been resurgent on the right since the Reagan revolution.
In this vision, government is seen as a convenience not a necessity, an institution that should depend on society rather than the other way around. Government makes some social goals more achievable, but otherwise it should get out of the way so that people can get on with their own business. Even limited to its proper domain, faith in government is distinctly limited. Government is analysed as any other vested interest, an institution that can be dangerous as well as useful to society. The wide distribution of power throughout American society, including the power of violence conferred by civilian gun ownership, may be socially inefficient, but it is supposed to reduce such dangers. If guns are sometimes used against society that may be a price worth paying to maintain a free society.
This is an interesting and far from unattractive political philosophy. For example, America's social contract does not depend on the government in the same way that Europe's do. If their government were to collapse, go wrong, or to be toppled by invasion, I think Americans would be temperamentally far better prepared to get on with things than Europeans.
Guns may be irrelevant to actually preventing government tyranny, but having in your pocket a device capable of a miniature whirlwind of mayhem does make people feel more like something to be reckoned with. It thus indirectly supports a muscular conception of an independent citizenry. By making people feel less dependent on the institutions of the state to guarantee their freedom and security, guns allow people to believe that they are in a position to bargain with the state rather than to submit, like frightened sheep, to its authority to decide what is best for them.
III. How to Argue for Gun Control
Those advocating gun control need to recognise that the gun rights movement has become entwined with a philosophical view about the soul of America. This presents a greater challenge than they have tended to acknowledge. Locke's political philosophy is part of America's DNA. America was founded upon a Lockean view of the social contract, a device for securing and extending the liberties of citizens rather than advancing aggregate social welfare (or social justice); for resisting tyrannical government rather than appealing to its benevolence. Their natural rights arguments and presumptions permeate America's founding documents and the logic of the Second Amendment itself.
Gun control advocates cannot win this political debate by trying to mobilise their own supporters with moral indignation and sideline the opposition, such as by claiming that supporting gun rights is a symptom of mental illness and hence illegitimate. This is not a fringe movement that can be shouted down or voted down, but a constituency that must be substantially won over for a political shift of this magnitude. Gun rights activists talk constantly about their political philosophy. Persuading them means taking their ideas seriously and convincing them of the value of gun control in their own terms.
I see two (complementary) paths for achieving this.
The first is for gun control advocates to engage directly with the political philosophy debate, which they haven't really done up to now. They should articulate and defend their own vision of political society and citizenship, which at present seems rather woolly. They should explain why the progressive state is not a Hobbesian tyranny but properly liberal and a better defender of universal rights and justice than America's version of Locke.
It can't be that hard. On the one hand the historical record of America isn't so very Lockean in its values and constraints – its social contract was compatible with the genocides of Native Americans, economic dependence on racial slavery, mass conscription in unnecessary wars, moralistic laws against contraception and homosexuality, and so on. On the other hand, the goal itself is all wrong. Where every individual must retain responsibility for upholding the law and judging the use of deadly force, every individual must be a hero (or else a villain). This is neither attractive nor feasible. A society fit only for heroes is not a fit society to live in, but rather resembles a nostalgic fantasy version of the Wild West.
The second approach is to disentangle guns from the idea of strong citizenship. Handguns, or even those AR-15 assault rifles that are so popular, are not going to stop the US army from crushing you if that's what it has a mind to do. Gun rights are therefore mainly about individuals' feeling of power and hence political assertiveness. But they have other effects too, as analysed by philosopher Firmin DeBrabander. An armed society, they argue, is a polite society only because everyone is afraid to say or do anything that might be considered threatening.
Our gun culture promotes a fatal slide into extreme individualism. It fosters a society of atomistic individuals, isolated before power — and one another — and in the aftermath of shootings such as at Newtown, paralyzed with fear. That is not freedom, but quite its opposite.
MILLIS - Selectmen held off on agreeing to a contract with an engineering consulting firm to study the possibility of selling water to Exelon after financing questions.
Exelon - a power generation company that owns and operates a 117-megawatt, three-unit oil-fired plant in Medway - is proposing to add two new generating units capable of producing 200 megawatts, but in order to do so, the plant needs water, and lots of it.
The plant will need an average of 95,000 gallons of water per day to control the plant's emissions, but is planning to draw a large amount of that from an onsite well it has already dug.
The remainder must come from a public water supply, but Medway officials have been adamant that the town doesn't have the water capacity, as the town was up against its Water Management Act cap with the state Department of Environmental Protection in recent years.
At Monday's selectmen meeting in Millis, Town Administrator Charles Apsinwall said the three parties – Exelon, the town, and Kleinfelder consulting – have yet to come to an agreement on the scope of work and the price associated.
“Until we get word that Kleinfelder and Exelon have reached an agreement on the study, I would not ask the board go forward with it,” they said.
Also unclear is whether Exelon – which verbally agreed to fund the study and the town's peer review of the study – will pay Kleinfelder directly or reimburse the town.
“Clearly, we're not going to go forward on the verbal representation that they'll pay for it,” Selectman James McCaffrey said. “They have to commit in writing to paying the full cost of the study if we're going to go forward.”
Officials said if the sale of water is agreed upon, the water would be pumped into Medway's system via two interconnection points on the town line - one on Village Street and another on Main Street.
Chairman Christopher Smith suggested the board press the issue with Exelon.
“We're going to hold them accountable to it,” they said. “We're not going to have this as a recurring agenda item.”
Kevin Thornton, an Exelon spokesperson, said Wednesday the company will cover all costs related to the water study.
Zachary Comeau can be reached at 508-634-7556 and zcomeau@wickedlocal.com. Follow them on Twitter @ZComeau_MDN.
April 11, 2013 - 3 minute read
Every time a discussion of AngularJS pops up, someone inevitably brings up the fact that Angular wants you to add custom ng-* attributes to your markup. They say that we worked so hard to get away from stuff like:
< a onclick = " whatever() " href = " # " > Click me </ a >
...by replacing it with jQuery callbacks declared in a separate JS file, and now Angular is trying to bring back the old busted style by using stuff like:
< a ng-click = " whatever() " href = " # " > Click me </ a >
Here's why I think this is not a big deal.
You can make it conform to the HTML5 spec
One of the most common problems people have with this is that ng-_ is not a valid HTML attribute. The quick and easy answer to that is that Angular also accepts data-ng-_ which is HTML5 conformant. It's just not as widely used.
HTML is already behavior-oriented.
The argument that JS behavior for user actions should be separated from markup doesn't make much logical sense to me, because HTML itself is built around the notion of behavior.
Each link has an href that says what happens when you click it. Each form has an action that says what happens when you submit it. Select dropdowns open when you click them. Radio buttons and checkboxes toggle when you select them. Saying that HTML and HTTP actions are kosher but JS actions are not seems arbitrary to me.
A document vs. an application
I think we can all agree that separating content from presentation and logic is nice and recommended in a document.
However, Angular applications are not documents, they are applications. They are dynamic and they live and breath and they respond to user input. This is a paradigm shift and as such it should be treated with different rules and different best practices.
(Yes, all HTML pages are technically documents, but you know what I mean).
It's not global
One reason why onclick="whatever()" is so frowned upon is that the whatever() function had to be global for it to be recognized.
With Angular's ng-click="whatever()" approach, whatever() is just a function on the $scope object for whatever controller that markup is using, which means you're not throwing everything into the global scope. This has the added benefit of making it easily testable (testability is very highly valued in the Angular community).
It has to live somewhere
An event listener by definition requires at least some DOM and at least some JS so that it can tie the two together. In the world of jQuery callbacks you're adding DOM to your JS (in the form of selectors). In the world of Angular you're adding JS to your DOM. Either way you're coupling them, which brings us to...
The alternative is no picnic
Doing it the jQuery callback way means matching behavior up to jQuery selectors, which means that your behavior depends on whichever class or ID or decided to assign to your markup. This means that a class change that might just be for CSS purposes could break your JS in non-obvious ways. This is a refactoring nightmare and will make scare you away from making any edits to your markup when making design changes.
Plus, when the behavior is defined in the markup, you can easily tell what is happening when you click this or hover that. If you see ng-click="whatever" then you know you can grep your JS for whatever() to find the function's definition.
On the other hand, if your jQuery callbacks are defined in one of 10 or 20 JS files and you have no idea which selector the JS is using to grep for it, finding the code you're looking for can be tough. It usually involves setting an event breakpoint in the browser's dev tools and stepping through the debugger until you see it, which is not my idea of a good time.
Did I miss anything?
Tweet me if so.
US Army Private Bradley Manning, sentenced to 35 years for leaking classified documents on Wednesday, announced that they would like to live out the rest of their life as a woman. The whistleblower has asked to refer to them by the name of Chelsea Manning.
“As I transition into this next phase of my life, I want everyone to know the real me. I am Chelsea Manning. I am a female,” Manning said in a statement, which their lawyer, David Coombs, read on NBC News' ‘Today show'. “Given the way that I feel, and have felt since childhood, I want to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible. I hope that you will support me in this transition."
"I also request that, starting today, you refer to me by my new name and use the feminine pronoun (except in official mail to the confinement facility). I look forward to receiving letters from supporters and having the opportunity to write back,” they added.
The whistleblower signed the letter “Chelsea E. Manning.”
This is the boldest and bravest moment *EVER* for #Manning to claim their new gender identity. http://t.co/eV9SLFqiJ0 Infinite restpect. — Daniel koolfy Faucon (@koolfy) August 22, 2013
The attorney said on the program that he's “hoping” Manning will be provided with the desired hormone therapy at Fort Leavenworth military prison, where the 25-year-old is most likely to serve their term.
"If Fort Leavenworth doesn't, then I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure they are forced to do so," Coombs stressed.
When asked if the hormone therapy will be followed by the sex-reassignment surgery, the lawyer said they haven't “really discussed that aspect with her.”
“Really, it's more about getting the hormone therapy, so at this point I don't know the answer to that,” they replied.
Coombs stressed that Manning won't ask to be transferred to a female prison, adding that they have no fears for their client's safety behind bars.
"Everyone that's in a military prison is a first-time offender. These are soldiers who have done something wrong, have gone to prison and are really just trying to do their time and then get out," they explained.
Coombs also said on the program that they expected Manning to get a pardon from Barack Obama, about which they plan to address the US president next week.
Following Manning's statement, the US Army said it doesn't provide hormone therapy and sex-reassignment surgery for gender identity disorder, the NBC news reports.
Manning's announcement sparked a wave of comments on the Internet, with hashtag #FreeChelsea appearing on Twitter, instead of previously used #FreeBradley hashtag.
On Wednesday, a military judge sentenced Manning to 35 years in prison after they were found guilty on 20 charges, ranging from espionage to theft and leaking, after sharing over 700,000 classified documents with the WikiLeaks website.
The data they passed to the journalists, while working in Iraq in 2010, included battlefield reports from Iraq and Afghanistan, diplomatic cables from around the world, profiles of Guantanamo detainees and footage of airstrikes, in which civilians were killed.
During the sentencing hearings, Manning's defense team focused on their client's psychological instability and gender identity confusion at the time of the leaks.
Manning's lawyers have argued that their client, who had already been in counseling over a range of minor issues, was allowed to access classified data while their mental state deteriorated.
"I wouldn't mind going to prison for the rest of my life, or being executed so much, if it wasn't for the possibility of having pictures of me... plastered all over the world press... as [a] boy," the whistleblower wrote in Internet chats with ex-hacker Adrian Lamo before being detected.
They eventually came out to their Army psychologist in Iraq, Michael Worsley, sending them a letter, entitled ‘My problem.'
It described the gay soldier's internal struggle and said how they hoped that a military career would help them "get rid of it.” A photo of Manning in a long, blond wig and lipstick came as an attachment to the email.
Private Manning's Gender Identity Continues To Be Speculated On Throughout Court Martial http://t.co/iLxFlKtvJfpic.twitter.com/1h4mjsiF2r — Saeed Jones (@theferocity) August 14, 2013
Worsley, who testified in court earlier this week, confirmed that Manning was struggling in a “hyper-masculine environment”.
Navy Capt. David Moulton, a psychiatrist, who spent 21 hours interviewing the whistleblower after their arrest, also said in court that it was Manning's gender identity disorder, combined with several other factors, which caused them to conclude he'll change the world by leaking classified information.
Coombs acknowledged the stress their client was under at that time, but said that it wasn't gender identity problems that drove Manning to make the biggest intelligence leak in the US history.
“What drove their actions was a strong moral compass," they stressed.
Virtual reality is being tested in many different areas of medicine. Recently a group of researchers in Brazil demonstrated the creation of a 3D virtual reality model of an unborn baby from ultrasound and MRI data that can be viewed with an Oculus Rift headset.
We've covered several other uses of virtual reality in healthcare, covering everything from helping patients overcome anxiety or manage pain to planning complex surgery. With the availability of low cost virtual reality headsets like Google Cardboard and Oculus Rift, the technology has suddenly become accessible.
Here, viewers can see a detailed model of the fetus, umbilical cord, placenta, and womb, allowing additional understanding of fetal anatomical characteristics and serves a useful way a method for clinicians and anticipating parents to envision their unborn child. The 3D virtual reality models recreate the entire internal structure of the fetus, which can also assist physicians make more knowledgeable decisions concerning the delivery. This technique potentially allows for the complex visualization of 3D images that traditionally would only be viewed in a 2D format.
The research was conducted on patients at a clinic called the Clínica de Diagnóstico por Imagem in Rio de Janeiro. Researchers built the 3D model with the MRI data, followed by a physician selecting specific body parts to be analyzed and be reconstructed in 3D. The 3D model were then made compatible with a virtual reality device (Oculus Rift was utilized), including heartbeat sounds originating from the ultrasound of the fetus. In the abstract describing the work, the researchers noted that the generated 3D representations reflected fairly accurately fetal pathology that was later seen after birth. While using MRI data to generate a 3D image isn't entirely new, this is an interesting twist on it and the added level of viewing through a VR headset may continue to offer a direction for further research.
Sources: RSNA Abstract, Haptic
Just when you thought construction season was over, the City of Toronto has announced a new batch of lengthy road work-related closures affecting high-traffic streets.
Starting in early September, Parkside Drive from Bloor Street to Lake Shore Boulevard will be reduced to one lane in each direction for road resurfacing and sidewalk repairs. The project is expected to last until the beginning of November.
Crews are set to rip up a section of Adelaide Street West from Simcoe Street to York Street starting on Sept. 15 to replace a watermain. One lane will remain open during construction, which is set to wrap up by mid-November.
The southbound, right-hand lane of Don Mills Road from York Mills Road to Lawrence Avenue will be closed from Sept. 1 to Nov. 30, also for watermain repair work. An additional southbound lane will be closed on from Mallard Avenue to Bond Avenue from 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. each day.
The arrival of the annual Toronto International Film Festival means commuters and residents in the downtown core will have to contend with more road closures this week.
King Street West will be closed between Spadina Avenue to University Avenue to make way for the construction of a festival village. The closure will begin after the end of morning rush hour on Thursday and is scheduled to conclude at midnight on Sunday.
TIFF is set to lead to traffic delays downtown beyond the weekend. Only one lane in each direction will be open on King Street between John Street and Duncan Street from Sept. 8 until late on Sept. 11.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
It's hard being an INFJ's significant other. While they're presenting a picture of friendly, excited, got-my-shit-together perfection to the rest of the world, they're probably dealing with a whole host of fears, insecurities, doubts, and uncertainties in their mind. It's not that they're any more scared, insecure, doubtful or uncertain than anyone else, it's just that because of their dominant introverted intuiting function, they're constantly checking their beliefs about their experiences and other people for details they might have missed in their attempt to understand the world. This is of primary importance to them. Since they do not base their knowledge of the world on concrete facts, but rather on the essence of theories and ideas, they may be less certain of their convictions than other, more analytical types. The fact that their understanding of the world can largely be explained only in abstract terms means they can't point out concrete things in the world that provide evidence for their understanding. Thus the need to constantly check and re-check their experiences. They're not insecure. They just much slower to come to conclusions than most other people, something which might come across as insecurity to people who don't know them well.
The hard thing is that as an INFJ's partner, you're likely to be the only one privy to this extravagant tapestry of ideas that is their minds. Everyone else will probably just see the extraverted feeling side of their personality, which primarily deals with other people's emotions in the present moment. This function makes them want to help, support and encourage others. No sign of trying to figure out the order of the universe here. If an INFJ has allowed you to get close enough to see what lies beyond this people-pleasing, shit-together persona they present to the rest of the world, you're likely to feel confused by this very stark difference between your INFJ and the one the rest of the world knows. In fact, confused is probably a bit of a euphemism for what you're feeling. Everyone else gets this super empathetic, selfless friend while you get a confused jumble of insecurities and doubts? That hardly seems fair. Even worse, you probably got to know your INFJ as the extraverted feeler, and had to start dealing with their introverted intuition as you became closer. Was this all a trap? Did they butter you up with support and empathy just so they could dump doubts about the point of life on you once you've become dependent on their emotional support?
It may feel like that. But that is so not what's going on here.
What is going on is that your INFJ trusts you enough to reveal their true self to you. Because make no mistake. As naturally as their extraverted feeling function comes to her, it will always just be their auxiliary function. Them dominant function is their introverted intuition. In a sense, then, this is the ‘real' them Figuring out the world using their intuition is of primary importance to them This is what makes them tick, what inspires them to get up in the morning. This is the activity their brain is preoccupied with for most of the day. They just doesn't tell anybody. Except you. They tell you. That is a huge effing deal to them Words could never express how much they appreciate you for being the person they can share this side of them with. Even if words were helpful here, they may never use them for this purpose because to them the very fact that she's showing you this side of them is proof enough that you mean the world to them In fact, this is something INFJs often struggle with in relationships – finding the words to tell their partner how much they appreciate them just for staying after seeing this side of them that they don't show anyone else for fear of rejection. Words simply fall short when trying to express this deep level of love and appreciation.
Yes, dating an INFJ is hard. You may feel like you're burdened with all the bad while everyone else just gets to see the good. But remember that in even the most passionate lament about the state of humanity, your INFJ is thinking, “I can't believe I met someone whom I can share these thoughts with.” Actually, you might do well to add the phrase, “I'm only telling you this because I trust you enough to share my true feelings with you,” to every single thing your INFJ tells you when you're alone together. Making them feel supported enough to be their true self with you is the greatest gift your INFJ can imagine, and they will reward you with wells of love and devotion other people can only dream of.
Chief Justice-designate Justice J S Khehar +
concerning their formal appointment as the CJI +
NEW DELHI: Advocate Prashant Bhushan caused a sensation in the Supreme Court on Friday when they saidshould recuse themselves from the case of alleged corruption against Narendra Modi because it is the Prime Minister who has to clear the fileBhushan's remark that Justice Khehar should not hear the case came when they failed to persuade the Khehar and Justice Arun Mishra to give them more time to produce credible evidence before the court in support of their charge that Modi had received bribes from a business house when they were the chief minister of Gujarat.“Sometime we have to perform the unpleasant duty as officer of the court and that is why I am saying so but I have no difficulty if the court asks me to go ahead,” said Bhushan when they found that the bench of Khehar and Mishra was unmoved by their repeated pleas to give them more time to bring before the court evidence to back up their charge against the PM and some other top-ranking politicians.Bhushan's statement stunned all lawyers present in the courtroom. Khehar, who appeared upset, said: “It is very unfair on your part to raise the issue now. If you have no confidence in me then you should have said so earlier when the matter was being heard. The matter was heard on two dates but why are you raising the issue now.” They then expressed their willingness to recuse himself.Mishra was more vocal while criticising Bhushan's conduct and said it amounted to contempt of court. They said the court could not be “kept at ransom” by raising such issues. They told Bhushan that it amounted to contempt of court as “you are doubting our constitutional functioning”.Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the bench that it was the “cheapest tactics” adopted by Bhushan to delay the hearing. “Not necessarily,” said Justice Khehar and asked the AG not to use such language.“I am pained and I will express my anguish inside the courtroom and outside. It will set a wrong precedent in judicial proceedings,” Rohatgi said.Bhushan, however, said that they had no problem if Justice Khehar continued to hear the case and they raised the issue as “many people may get a wrong impression” if the case is heard by Justice Khehar.Justice Kehar's elevation as the Chief Justice is a fait accompli because of the seniority principle which has been followed without a break for decades.  They are the second senior-most judge and is set to take over as CJI from the incumbent CJI Justice T S Thakur on January 4. Justice Kehar's elevation has already been recommended by the incumbent and government has only to notify the appointment.Justice Khehar said that only options were available to proceed in the case, by asking CJI to constitute a separate bench that would take up the case at 3:30 PM or adjourned the case for January.The AG said that second option was better and the court thereafter adjourned the hearing for January 11.The court had on Wednesday questioned Bhushan for “casting aspersions” on the Prime Minister without placing sufficient evidence and on that day also heated arguments took place between them and Justice Khehar.As the matter was taken up for hearing, Bhushan told the bench that they had “burnt midnight oil” as suggested by court to examine voluminous documents but they could not go through the two volumes of appraisal report prepared by the IT department on the basis of documents seized while conducting raids on premises of two corporate houses.
Guz Architects have completed the Fish House in Singapore.
.
Description of the Fish House by Guz Architects:
This modern tropical bungalow encapsulates the essence of living in the hot and humid climate of Singapore by creating open spaces which encourage natural ventilation and offer residents views to the ocean.
The main design concept is to create a house which has close relationship with nature and this is achieved by having a swimming-pool linking the house with the landscape and ultimately visual connections with the sea. The idea of connection is reinforced by having the basement level media-room with a u-shaped acrylic window which allows diffuse natural light in and also views out into the pool. The curved roofs, which symbolizing the sea waves, also emphasize the idea of the nearby sea. These are almost totally covered with thin bendable photovoltaic panels supplying enough energy to the house, while the remaining area is used as a green roof giving residents some outdoor leisure spaces.
Fish House is a modest and yet luxurious residential design which gives residents opportunities to live in harmony and comfortably with nature.
Bold progressive and "anti-corruption crusader" Zephyr Teachout sailed to victory Tuesday night, nabbing the Democratic nomination for New York's 19th Congressional District.
"Together we're going to take back our democracy from the powerful interests and lobbyists who want to keep us out," Teachout declared in a statement, just after the vote was called. With most precincts in the district reporting, Teachout emerged with a enormous 74-26 victory over rival Will Yandick.
"The best defense against big money is people," they continued, "and when we come together, we can have clean water, good jobs, strong communities and a government of, by and for the people."
Them victory was celebrated widely as a "huge win for progressives."
"Zephyr's win shows how bold progressive ideas like breaking up too-big-to-fail banks, expanding Social Security benefits instead of cutting them, and getting the corrupting influence of big money out of politics resonate with voters in purple swing districts," said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee.
"Zephyr is helping to show Democrats across the nation how to take back the House," Taylor continued, "by running on big ideas and challenging corporate power in a way that is popular with Democrats, Independents, and Republicans."
The Fordham University law professor, who in 2014 lost their bid for the Democratic Party nomination for governor of New York to Andrew Cuomo, was endorsed by presidential contender Bernie Sanders earlier this year. At the time, they wrote in an email to supporters that she's "dedicated their life to fixing our broken political system" and that she's "exactly the kind of person I'd want in Congress when I'm president."
After the vote was called, congratulations from other notable progressives flooded social media.
Congrats @ZephyrTeachout!!! #OurRevolutionhttps://t.co/WnEGQFHi5O SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
— Susan Sarandon (@SusanSarandon) June 29, 2016
A big win for @ZephyrTeachout -- anti-monopoly, anti-status quo candidate -- in D primary for NY congressional seat. pic.twitter.com/qJ51Uyj2V8 — John Nichols (@NicholsUprising) June 29, 2016
In a call to action following their win, Democracy for America chair Jim Dean warned that Wall Street is already mobilizing against Teachout, who among other things is one of the backers of an anti-Wall Street activist group the Hedge Clippers.
"Zephyr Teachout is a leader in the fight to get corporate money out of our politics, overturn Citizens United, and take on Wall Street," Dean wrote, declaring their victory "a big step in a bold, populist direction for Democrats."
"But," they added, "the biggest battle is still to come. Wall Street has targeted Zephyr for defeat in November." Dean said that wealthy hedge funders "are already pouring money—including a whopping $500,000 a few days ago—into a Super PAC for their Republican opponent in this swing district."
Teachout is slated to face Republican John Faso in the upcoming November election to succeed U.S. Rep. Chris Gibson, (R-Kinderhook). According to the Daily Freeman, Faso "is a lawyer and a former member and minority leader of the state Assembly. They were they Republican candidate for governor in 2006, losing to Democrat Eliot Spitzer."
The FBI Most Wanted Terrorists was a list created and first released on October 10, 2001, with the authority of United States President Bush, following the September 11 attacks on the United States. Initially, the list contained 22 of the top terrorists chosen by the FBI, all of whom had earlier been indicted for acts of terrorism between 1985 and 1998. None of the 22 had been captured by US or other authorities by that date. Of the 22, only Osama bin Laden was by then already listed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list.
No particular legal consequences flowed from the creation of and inclusion on the list. On January 17, 2002, the FBI released a third major FBI wanted list, which has now become known as the FBI Seeking Information – War on Terrorism list, to enlist the public's help in reporting information which may prevent future terrorist attacks. The information sought to be reported is not necessarily relating to any person on any of the FBI wanted lists.
Initial persons alleged to be terrorist fugitives [ edit ]
On the fugitive group wanted poster, the FBI did not list the persons in any particular stated order, except perhaps for the consistent placing of bin Laden in the number one position of the top row. However, the 22 can easily fit into distinct categories of over the two decades, based on the terrorist attacks in which they were, according to US authorities, involved.
For organization and ease of reference here, the relevant major terrorist attacks are listed by date below, with a brief summary for each, identifying the terror cells most directly responsible for the attack. The 22 on the list are then grouped beneath the attack for which each person was first accused of involvement.[1]
FBI Seeking Information – War on Terrorism list [ edit ]
Whereas the Most Wanted Terrorists list is reserved for terrorist fugitives who have been indicted by federal grand juries, the FBI recognized a further need to achieve a much quicker response time in order to prevent any future attacks which may be in the current planning stages. To enlist the public's help in this effort, the FBI sought a way to deliver the early known suspected terror attack information, often very limited, out to the public as quickly as possible. So, on January 17, 2002, the third major FBI wanted list was first released, which has now become known as the FBI Seeking Information – Terrorism list.
As the name of this list implies, the FBI's intent is to acquire any critical information from the public, as soon as possible, about the suspected terrorists, who may be in the planning stages of terror attacks against United States nationals at home and abroad. The first such list profiled five persons about whom little was known, but who were suspected of plotting terrorist attacks in martyrdom operations. The main evidence against the five was five videos they had produced, found in the rubble of Mohammed Atef's destroyed home outside Kabul, Afghanistan.
Additions to the list [ edit ]
By 2006, more than four years had passed since the FBI had listed the original 22 alleged terrorists on the Most Wanted Terrorist list. Of those 22, by then four had been qualified for removal from the list, due to death or capture. Also by then, the FBI determined that new persons qualified to be listed as Most Wanted Terrorists. Some of these persons were indicted for attacks and plots that had taken place since the original list had been compiled. The original indictments had been for incidents only through 1998. Since then, the U.S. had become victim to at least two major terror attacks, which would generate some of the new indictments for the Most Wanted Terrorists, notably:
In addition, after the original 2001 list had been compiled and released to the public, the U.S. had foiled and issued indictments for numerous other plots, involving some new listed Most Wanted Terrorists. Those notable other plots involved:[21]
In February 2006, the FBI completed two groups of additions to the Most Wanted Terrorists list, the first such additions in over four years. On February 24, 2006, the day after adding two names to the list, the FBI added an additional six fugitive terrorists, for various plots and attacks. One of the entries was for an indictment dating back to the June 14, 1985, hijacking of TWA flight 847 by Hezbollah (see above).
Additionally, the FBI also added to the Seeking Information – War on Terrorism list an additional three persons, most notably, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the notorious leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq.[22] This marked the first time that al-Zarqawi had appeared on any of the three major FBI wanted lists. On June 8, 2006, ABC News reported that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was confirmed to have been killed in Baghdad in a bombing raid by a United States task force. Their death was confirmed by multiple sources in Iraq, including the United States government.
Rewards [ edit ]
Since 1984, the United States government has also used the Rewards for Justice Program, which pays monetary rewards of up to $5 million, or now, in some cases more, upon special authorization by the United States Secretary of State, to individuals who provide information which substantially leads to countering of terrorist attacks against United States persons. More than $100 million had been paid to over 60 people through this program.[43]
The Rewards for Justice Program was established by the 1984 Act to Combat International Terrorism, Public Law 98-533, and is administered by the Bureau of Diplomatic Security, within the U.S. Department of State.[43]
See also [ edit ]
Captured al-Qaeda terrorists
The champions return!
The Gfinity CS:GO Invitational brought to you by Omen by HP is fast approaching, as four of the world's best teams prepare for battle at the UK's largest games event, EGX 2016, from 22nd to 25th September at the NEC, Birmingham.
As we edge closer to the launch of the CS:GO Invitational, we're delighted to reveal the latest team to lock in their invitation, the returning Champion of Champions, Team EnVyUs!
History
While originally a Call of Duty team since their formation in 2007, the legendary name EnVyUs has since branched out into several games in recent years, including titles such as Overwatch, Halo, and of course, Counter Strike: Global Offensive, following their acquisition of Team LDLC in early 2015.
Initially, the roster consisting of Vincent 'Happy' Cervoni, Fabien 'KioShiMa' Fiey, Edouard 'SmithZz' Dubourdeaux, Nathan 'NBK' Schmitt and Richard 'Shox' Papillon, experienced immediate success, as they secured our very own Gfinity Spring Masters I. However, it was only after EnVyUs traded Shox and SmithZz for Kenny 'kennyS' Schrub and Dan 'apEX' Madesclaire, that we began to see Envy reach their true potential, as they won several tournaments, including our Gfinity Champion of Champions tournament at EGX 2015.
Following that, Timothée 'DEVIL' Démolon was brought on from LDLC White to fill KioShiMa's place, who joined FaZe Clan a month later.
Team EnVyUs at the CS:GO Gfinity Spring Masters I
Team Spotlight and Recent Performances
Happy | NBK | kennyS | apEX | DEVIL
Despite their incredible 2015, this year has not been kind to the French team, with their only top performances coming with a win in Season 1 of the Global eSports Cup back in February and a semi-final placing at DreamHack Malmo 2016. Since then, EnVyUs have mainly placed in the quarter finals of tournaments this year, but that appears to be changing.
In the last two qualifying tournaments they've participated in, Envy have finished third, qualifying for the i-League StarSeries Season 2 by defeating HellRaisers, and 3rd/4th at the ESL One: New York 2016 qualifiers, narrowly losing out to eventual winners, Astralis.
Team EnVyUs at the 2015 Gfinity CS:GO Champion of Champions
Final Comments
Despite their lack of tournament wins, EnVyUs are still a dangerous team who have years of teamwork under their belts, and are quite rightly one of the top teams in Europe through their hard work, and consistency.
Ultimately, EnVyUs will be returning to the same arena where they won last year's Champion of Champions event, and there's no doubt they will be eager to celebrate at the NEC once more.
Gfinity CS:GO Invitational brought to you by Omen by HP
Keep up to date with all the latest gaming and eSports news via our Twitter: @Gfinity.
You're a 16th century German prince plotting to crush a peasant rebellion, or perhaps you're leading an army against the Ottoman Empire or settling a score with a rival nobleman. What's a guy looking for a tactical edge to do?
The answer, of course, is rocket cats.
Fanciful illustrations from a circa-1530 manual on artillery and siege warfare seem to show jetpacks strapped to the backs of cats and doves, with the German text helpfully advising military commanders to use them to "set fire to a castle or city which you can't get at otherwise".
Digitalised by the University of Pennsylvania, the unusual, full-colour illustrations caught the attention of an Australian book blog and then found their way to researcher Mitch Fraas, who set out to unravel the mystery.
"I really didn't know what to make of it," said Fraas, a historian and digital humanities expert at Penn library. "It clearly looks like there's some sort of jet of fire coming out of a device strapped to these animals."
So were these unfortunate animals from the 1500s really wearing 20th-century technology?
Fraas' conclusion: No.
The treatise in question was written by artillery master Franz Helm of Cologne, who was believed to have fought in several skirmishes against the Turks in south-central Europe at a time when gunpowder was changing warfare.
Circulated widely and illustrated by multiple artists, Helm's manual is filled with strange and terrible imagery, from bombs packed with shrapnel to missile-like explosive devices studded with spikes.
Franz Helm's document also advocates strapping bombs to cats and doves 'to set fire to a castle or city which you can't get at otherwise'. Photograph: Matt Rourke/AP
According to Fraas's translation, Helm explained how animals could be used to deliver incendiary devices: "Create a small sack like a fire-arrow. If you would like to get at a town or castle, seek to obtain a cat from that place. And bind the sack to the back of the cat, ignite it, let it glow well and thereafter let the cat go, so it runs to the nearest castle or town, and out of fear it thinks to hide itself where it ends up in barn hay or straw it will be ignited."
In other words, capture a cat from enemy territory, attach a bomb to its back, light the fuse, then hope it runs back home and starts a raging fire.
Fraas said they could find no evidence that cats and birds were used in early modern warfare in the way prescribed by Helm.
"Sort of harebrained scheme," they said. "It seems like a really terrible idea, and very unlikely the animals would run back to where they came from. More likely they'd set your own camp on fire."
Submitted by Charles Hugh-Smith of OfTwoMind blog,
Depending on blowing the next bubble to temporarily prop up the economy is the height of foolhardy shortsightedness.
All the conventional policy fixes proposed by Demopublican politicos, technocrats and the vast army of academic/think-tank apparatchiks are the equivalent of slapping a coat of paint on a fragile facade riddled with dryrot. All these fake-fixes share a few key characteristics:
1. They focus on effects and symptoms rather than address the underlying causes, i.e. the dryrot at the heart of our government, society and economy.
2. They maintain and protect the Status Quo Powers That Be--no vested interests, protected fiefdoms or Financial Elites ever lose power as a result of these policy tweaks.
3. They are politically expedient, meaning they assuage the demands of vested interests rather than tackle the rot undermining the nation.
4. They ignore the perverse incentives built into current systems and the incentives of complicity, i.e. to cheer another coat of paint on the dryrot rather than face the costs of real reform.
The financial underpinnings of the economy and society are rotting from within:finance, higher education, defense, healthcare, law, governance, you name it.
This week I want to highlight a few key causes of this pervasive and eventually fatal systemic rot.
Let's start with Our Ponzi Economy. There are three primary examples of our Ponzi Economy: pay-as-you-go social programs (Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.); housing and the stock market. All are examples of financial Ponzi schemes.
All Ponzi schemes rely on an ever-expanding pool of greater fools who buy into the scheme and pay the interest/gains due the previous pool of greater fools. Ponzi schemes fail because the pool of greater fools is finite, but the scheme demands an ever-expanding pool of participants to function.
All Ponzi schemes eventually fail, though each is declared financially soundbecause this time it's different. The number of greater fools required to keep the scheme going eventually exceeds the working population of the nation.
Here's why Pay-As-You-Go Social Programs are all Ponzi schemes:
1 retiree consumes the taxes paid by 5 workers.
Those 5 workers when they retire consume the taxes paid by 25 workers.
Those 25 workers when they retire consume the taxes paid by 125 workers.
Those 125 workers when they retire consume the taxes paid by 625 workers.
Those 625 workers when they retire consume the taxes paid by 3,125 workers.
You see where this goes: very quickly, the number of workers required to keep the Ponzi scheme afloat exceeds the entire workforce.
The only way to keep the Ponzi scheme going is to keep raising payroll taxes on the remaining workers, which is precisely what welfare states (i.e. every developed economy on the planet) has done.
But raising taxes merely extends the Ponzi scheme one cycle. Eventually, taxes are so high that the remaining workers are impoverished. Right now, the U.S. has reached a ratio of 2 full-time workers for every retiree. As the number of retirees rises by thousands every day and the number of full-time jobs stagnates, the ratio will slide toward 1-to-1:
The Problem with Pay-As-You-Go Social Programs: They're Ponzi Schemes (November 5, 2013)
Estimates are even worse in other developed nations. In Europe, the ratio of retirees over 65 to those between 20 and 64 will soon reach 50%--and that's of the population, not of people with full-time jobs paying taxes to fund social welfare programs. (source: Foreign Affairs, July/August 2014, page 130)
As the percentage of the working-age populace with full-time jobs declines, the worker-retiree ratio will become increasingly unsustainable. The taxes paid by each worker are nowhere enough to fund the generous pension and healthcare benefits promised to every retiree.
In the U.S., the number of people of working age who are jobless is 92 million; the number of full-time jobs is 118 million. This chart of labor participation includes almost 30 million part-time employees who don't earn enough to pay substantial taxes and millions of self-employed people making poverty-level net incomes.
Courtesy of STA Wealth Management , here is a chart that shows full-time workers are less than half the labor force:
Housing is also a classic Ponzi scheme: prices can only go up if there is an ever-expanding pool of greater fools willing and able to pay even more for a house than the previous pool of greater fools.
As I have explained many times, the only way the Status Quo has been able to expand the pool of greater fools is to lower interest rates to near-zero, drop down payments to 3% and loosen previously-prudent lending standards.
The Housing "Recovery" in Four Charts (May 27, 2014)
These tricks extend the Ponzi for a cycle by artifically expanding the pool of greater fools, but that pool is not infinite. (Foreign buyers are currently enlarging the pool, but their participation is dependent on the Ponzi schemes in their home economies not blowing up.)
The stock market has been made the official metric of the nation's economic health; too bad it's a Ponzi scheme. Financial bubbles are what economist Robert Shiller calls "naturally occurring Ponzis" because the psychology of ever-rising prices and profits fuels an inflow of greater fools that sustains the bubble until all available greater fools have sunk their cash and credit into the bubble.
Here is what a market that is increasingly dominated by Ponzi bubbles looks like: this is the S&P 500 (SPX):
(source: Gordon T. Long, Macro Analytics)
Depending on blowing the next bubble to temporarily prop up the economy is the height of foolhardy shortsightedness. Yet that's our Status Quo, increasingly dependent on inflating bubbles to evince "economic strength" when the Ponzi paint will soon peel off the rotten wood of the real economy.
NAIROBI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Juma Kalume Musunye's six grandchildren beat them until they fell to the ground crying, and then doused them in petrol, claiming they had used witchcraft to paralyze their mother's hands.
“They wanted to kill me,” said the 65-year-old widow who lives on Kenya's coast, where the Mijikenda people traditionally blame witches for illness and misfortune.
“My son told them I had bewitched their wife.”
Hearing their screams, Musunye's neighbors rushed out and rescued them
“I am really bitter,” they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation ahead of International Widows' Day on Thursday.
“I am old, my health is not good and my children do not care about me.”
Musunye was speaking by phone from Kaya Godoma, a center set up in 2008 to care for elderly people ousted by their relatives.
Millions of widows across Africa are left destitute after being evicted from their homes and are too poor or uneducated to seek legal redress, campaigners say.
Musunye is one of 19 elderly people branded as witches who have found refuge at Kaya Godoma, some 30 km (20 miles) inland from the popular tourist town of Kilifi, with its palm-fringed sandy beaches.
Them seven sons and their families continue to live on their late husband's land, which they described as “very big”.
Killings of elderly people for witchcraft in Kilifi County are on the rise, according to local media, with 104 such murders reported to the police in 2014.
MOB ATTACKS
Under the guise of culture, widows are often mistreated by relatives who want their property, experts say. Hunger for land is growing in Kenya, a country whose 45 million strong population is predicted to double by 2045.
“You will see people making up stories that someone is a witch,” said Josephine Mongare, chairperson of the Federation of Women Lawyers in Kenya (FIDA).
“They will go out there and do mob justice on them ... because their right to that property extinguishes upon their death.”
Traditionally, women in Kenya could not own land, which was passed down from father to son, leaving widows without a male heir vulnerable to eviction.
“If you don't have a boy child, you haven't given birth,” Mongare said. “You'll find relatives now coalescing around the property and wanting to get rid of you.”
One percent of land in Kenya belongs to women, with five percent jointly owned by spouses, 2006 government data shows.
Most of the 300,000 court cases FIDA has pursued since 1985 on behalf of poor women involve land and property rights.
Kenya's 1981 Succession Act grants widows the right to live on their late husbands' property until they die, provided they don't remarry, after which it passes on to their children.
This right is often violated, driving poor widows into the slums where they struggle to feed and educate their children, further entrenching poverty.
Some widows' children even end up selling sex on the street, said Margaret Gero, a member of the Luo community who runs a widow support group in Kajimbo, some 30 km from Lake Victoria in western Kenya.
While Kenya's progressive 2010 constitution recognizes that men and women have equal rights to own property, parliament has not enacted laws to spell out how these rights can be realized.
Courts continue to recognize customary laws as long as they are not “inconsistent” with the constitution - an ambiguity which often leads to contradictory rulings.
SPIRITS
Another traditional belief that has fueled the abuse of widows is the Luo custom of widow cleansing, where a widow is forced to have sex with one of their late husband's brothers as a purification ritual, before being inherited as their wife.
“The Luo community believe that when the woman is not (cleansed and) inherited, the spirits of the dead might come back and haunt the community,” said Gero, a 48-year-old retired health worker who campaigns against the practice.
Wife inheritance was designed to ensure that the wife - and their late husband's land - remained in the family.
But it has fueled the spread of HIV in the Luo-dominated counties on the shores of Lake Victoria, which have Kenya's highest HIV prevalence rates, up to four times the national average of six percent, government data shows.
Gero blames the practice for their own family's misfortunes. They set up the widows' group to help others avoid the same fate.
When their polygamous father died in 1997, leaving behind five daughters, their wife was inherited and contracted HIV.
Gero's uncles destroyed their home, pushing their youngest sister, Rose, to run away and get married at the age of 15.
They and their child are also HIV positive.
Several members of Gero's widows' group have chased away men who were trying to inherit them and their land.
“I am homeless, but I don't want their children to be homeless,” they said.
“They have the right to live in the modern world.”
The Cosmix Sounds crew in 1985 / Photo by Suzie Racho
Decades before Bay Area kids were getting hyphy and riding around in scrapers, they were chasing another regional sound, one that has historically gotten less attention despite becoming influential on a global level. Even if it meant riding three buses, a BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) train, and walking several miles to find them, kids were willing to chase down the mobile DJs of the 70s, 80s, and 90s, who were booked to play old-school rap and freestyle jams at events ranging from birthday parties to church functions.
This mobile DJ scene regularly inspired kids to take 100-mile round trips on the Bay's notoriously bad public transit to see their favorite DJ crews—many of whom were also high schoolers—and set the stage for the battle DJs and turntablists of the 90s. Cal State Long Beach sociology professor and journalist Oliver Wang explores this scene in a vivid new book, Legions of Boom: Filipino American Mobile DJ Crews in the San Francisco Bay Area, out now on Duke University Press. Remixing the core of Wang's dissertation into an engaging read for a wider audience, the book explores the phenomenon of mobile DJs and the unique social circumstances that allowed such a scene to form.
“Mobile DJing really was training grounds for a lot of things,” three-time DMC World Champion turntablist Richard “QBert” Quitevis, perhaps the most prominent DJ to come out of the scene, explained to me over email. “[It] taught us about performing in front of all kinds of audiences, and how to work as a team.” Other DJs shaped by the scene include jocks like Apollo, Shortkut, and KMEL radio mixer Rick Lee. The latter still even uses their old-school crew name Styles Beyond Compare (SBC).
QBert credits their old crew LiveStyle Productions—“Darwin (DJ Dumm) Seegmiller, Marc (DJ Kutz) Alejandro, Armando (DJ Dino) Visperas, Abe (Shay-D) Leano, Dale (Prod.D) Horton, and Calvin (UB) Davis”—for launching their career. The group formed in 1985 and continued until QBert headed to the DMC World Finals in 1991. “Everyone's perspective in the crew was different,” they remember. “While I concentrated on the music, other people in the crew would notice how the lighting should be, and others would have a technician's mind and be awesome at setting things up etcetera. I think I would have learned these lessons in other ways if there were no mobile scenes because we do that now in a very similar way when I perform at all these various sized venues around the world, but the fun I had with my high school friends in a mobile crew is unforgettable!”
Wang's book aims to capture that spirit as it dives into the remarkably hidden history of a scene that endured for nearly two decades. It's both a revealing glimpse into a music scene that fell below the media and mainstream radars and a fascinating ethnographic study of the Filipino immigrants to set the foundation for it. They explain how deep the Filipino community grew in the Bay Area by tracing immigration patterns from the Philippines as families first arrived in San Francisco—and later migrated en masse to nearby suburbs like Daly City when SF rents skyrocketed. As the Bay Area tech bubble brings in ever higher rents and drives out the poor, this book is a snapshot of a region's diversity that is quickly dwindling.
Author Oliver Wang / Photo by Eilon Paz/Dustandgrooves.com
Noisey: Were you really surprised that just about everyone you talked to who was part of the mobile scene back in the day didn't identify it as being united by so many of them being Filipino until you pointed it out to them?
Oliver Wang: I was surprised. I was used to thinking about how hip-hop crews were often very identify-focused—I came up during the era of pro-black/political hip-hop after all—and so my assumption was that this would be a major part of their identity as well. It wasn't, though. Their self-awareness/pride in being Filipino was very individualistic but not reflected in the scene as a whole. If you just look at the names of the crews or the parties, there's almost never an indication that these were predominantly Filipino American crews. There areany number of ways to possibly explain this: It was their age, it was their generation, it was the overall climate around race/ethnicity and music, it was because, as Filipinos, they've historically been treated as invisible. I do think, had this scene taken off in the 1990s, we may have seen a different dynamic because of the influence of hip-hop.
Were there other mobile DJ scenes in that era in other regions? Do you think this scene was unique to the people and places involved, or could it have happened elsewhere?
There were mobile crews across the U.S. I know, just off the bat through personal conversations, that there were vibrant ones in Los Angeles and New York and, I suspect, in every major (and minor) city in America during the 1980s. Mobile DJing took off partially because of the general rise of the DJ thanks to the 1970s disco craze and other forces and access to mobile DJing equipment increased as manufacturers and distributors begin bridging the retail/rental gap. And in the Bay Area alone, there was a Chinese American mobile scene, a Latino American one, an African American one, et cetera.
However, I think the Filipino American mobile scene could only have happened in the Bay Area because of the particular demographic and geographic dynamics of that community. In Southern California, especially in Cerritos, for example, there were many Filipino Americans active in mobile crews but from what I know, those crews tended to be far more mixed, racially speaking, and that's partially because there weren't the same kind of settlement clusters of Filipino families you found down in LA versus what you saw in the Bay. The Bay Area's all-Filipino scene was, best as I can tell, unique for all those reasons.
Various Bay Area mobile crew business cards / Photo courtesy of Dino Rivera / Click here to enlarge
You discuss how the mobile scene set the stage for the scratch generation, the battling DJs who were known as turntablists in the Nineties. Do you think scratch generation DJs like QBert, Shortkut and Mixmaster Mike would have had the same trajectory without coming up as youngsters in it?
The mobile scene is how turntablists such as QBert, Shortkut, Apollo, and Mixmaster Mike got their start as DJs, period. It's where they built their initial skills as mixers, as performers in front of an audience, about what it meant to be in a crew. If the scene hadn't existed, the question—impossible to know—is whether they would ever have become DJs to begin with. All I do know is that the mobiles nurtured an entire generation of DJs: turntablists, radio power mixers, producers, et cetera. It was a remarkable talent pool of future professional and amateur DJs alike.
Late in the book you address the fact that you don't spend a lot of time talking about the music that the mobile DJs played because the nature of the mobile business is that they would have to incorporate the music requests of the people holding the party. If you were to make a playlist of essential songs of the mobile era, what are some tunes that would be on there?
I didn't end up talking much about the music because ultimately what I found most interesting about the scene were the DJs and the crews. In any case, it's hard to come up with a representative playlist since we're talking about a scene that spanned the late 70s through early/mid 90s. An essential playlist would have to span any number of different music styles across those years, from funk and disco to electro and freestyle to new wave and of course, hip-hop.
But to me, if there's one song that captures the mobile era, it'd be hard to do better than “Lookout Weekend” by Debbie Deb. I actually wanted to use this line from the song to open the book, “Jumping music / slick DJs / fog machines / and laser rays,” but it was too hard to clear. But right there, that's the mobile scene in one evocative set of lines.
Were there any crews that had a reputation for breaking records or playing leftfield of everyone?
DJs were definitely breaking records in the scene. It's impossible to be a DJ and not want to be one up on everyone else by copping the latest records before everyone else. Again, had I really delved into this topic, I would have fully expected to find that there were some DJs who were considered the best diggers/vinyl sleuths in the scene. What I did learn was about all these great record stores in San Francisco that, alas, were no more by the time I started my research. The one that popped up the most was Aloha Records, which was apparently this incredible place in the Castro to scoop up disco and dance singles.
Is there much in the way of musical artifacts of the mobile era such as mixtapes or videos? Anything cool you can point our readers to online?
The main difference between when I started my dissertation to when I finished my book is that the rise of social media has very much brought out a lot of photos, music, fliers, et cetera into public display. Mixcrate.com, for example, is one platform where quite a few mobile DJs from this scene have posted up old mixes. And there are multiple Facebook groups where DJs and crews are sharing old photos and flier scans; I've tried to contribute as much as I have in my own archive to the book's Facebook page.
There are a handful of videos—alas, it was too early for the smartphone video era—out there, too. I'm really hoping that we're only seeing the beginning of people's interest in the mobile scene. This book was always intended to be at the start of these kinds of explorations rather than any kind of end statement. I imagine in the next five years, we'll see many more people delving in, especially as the children of these OG DJs come of age and begin to wonder why their parents have thousands of records in the garage or photos of themselves with big hair, surrounded by fog machines and lighting truss.
Tamara Palmer responds to bass on Twitter.
Would you like some methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with that?
How the overuse of antibiotics on livestock is making us sick.
America's cheap meat habit is costing more than we bargained for. The factory farming of cows, pigs, poultry and fish sucks up 29 million pounds—80 percent—of antibiotics sold in the United States.
Many illness-causing bacteria are now resistant to most or all of the antibiotics that once killed them. While the overuse of antibiotics on humans has contributed to this public health crisis, the most egregious factor in creating antibiotic resistance is the routine, widespread, greed-driven dosing of livestock. About a quarter of U.S. meat and poultry samples contain antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
The FDA, after more than three decades of dithering, has finally acknowledged a “mounting public health problem of global significance.” But, when even industry acknowledges a serious problem, an April FDA report containing “non-binding recommendations” politely asks the food industry to use antibiotics “judiciously”—and gives industry three years to figure out how to circumvent the reforms.
In 1946, producers discovered that adding antibiotics to feed increased animal growth—and industry profits. This subtherapeutic dosing also allowed livestock to survive filthy, overcrowded conditions that would otherwise generate high and unprofitable rates of disease and death.
Antibiotics work by targeting specific bacteria, but they can leave the field open for resistant strains. CAFOs (concentrated animal feeding operations) are nearly ideal for generating resistant bacteria, and then spreading them through workers, flies, soil, air, water and, of course, food. Strains of strep; MRSA; tuberculosis; malaria; pneumonia; gonorrhea; various food poisons, including salmonella; along with other dangerous pathogens are increasingly impervious to common, inexpensive antibiotics.
New bacterial strains directly sourced to CAFOs are endemic in hospitals. An estimated 2 million Americans become sick, and 99,000 die annually, from hospital-acquired infections, “the majority of which result from such resistant strains,” the New York Times reported. Treating resistant diseases costs $16-26 billion in annual medical expenses and $35 billion in lost work time, Tufts University researchers estimated.
The alphabet slurry of government agencies responsible for remediating this problem—FDA, USDA, CDC and others—has failed. Leaving loopholes wide enough for a cattle drive, and enforcement mechanisms as toothless as a hen, the new FDA report calls for animal antibiotic labeling to drop weight gain from its recommended uses. (Given how frequently human drugs are used off-label—i.e., for other than approved purposes—the change is beyond silly.) The report also calls for veterinary “involvement” in determining “judicious use,” including preventively treating animals that might become sick from “production practices and herd health history.” Without fundamental changes to how CAFOs raise their “product,” it is hard to imagine circumstances that would not call for preventative antibiotics.
The FDA's weak-kneed step in the industry-regulator dance perpetrates one of the oldest tricks in the book.
The Book: Corporate greed creates or exacerbates a threat to public health or welfare. Government avoids biting the corporate hand that feeds elected officials and the budget-starved or corrupted bureaucrats they hire.
The Trick: Deny there is a problem; reject causal links; foot drag on action; promise technological fixes; fail to demand or gather data and statistics, thereby ensuring that costs and solutions remain speculative; appoint committees to look into the matter; write reports; and finally, announce voluntary guidelines and/or inadequate regulations that impose few if any penalties.
“Antibiotic-resistant diseases now kill more Americans than AIDS,” Louise Slaughter (D-N.Y.) said in an April 11 statement, “and this issue needs to be treated with the seriousness it deserves.”
The FDA has failed to do that, but we can refuse to buy factory meat. Sure, you may have to pay more or eat less meat, but think of the price as a donation to ethical farmers who treat animals decently, and protect public health. Talk about a bargain.
Qatar was awarded the 2022 World Cup in 2010, with Russia given the 2018 tournament
Claims of alleged corruption in Qatar's successful 2022 World Cup bid have been published in the German media.
Bild newspaper says it has obtained the "suppressed" 2014 report authored by former Fifa independent ethics investigator Michael Garcia.
Bild's report includes details of a $2m (£1.6m) sum allegedly paid to the 10-year-old daughter of a Fifa official.
Garcia quit in December 2014 in protest at the handling of their report into the bidding process.
The American lawyer cited a "lack of leadership" as they left football's world governing body, whose executives unanimously agreed to publish a "legally appropriate version" of their report.
That 42-page version cleared Qatar of corruption allegations.
Bild says it will be publishing the full details of Garcia's 403-page report from Tuesday.
The newspaper claims:
Three Fifa executive members were flown to a party in Rio in a private jet belonging to the Qatari federation before the vote for 2018 and 2022 hosting rights.
The Aspire Academy in Qatar was implicated "in a decisive manner" in "the manipulation of Fifa members who had the right to vote".
In a Facebook post, Peter Rossberg - the journalist who claims to have obtained the report - said it "does not provide the proof that the 2018 or 2022 World Cup was bought".
They described its findings instead as "like a puzzle that only makes sense when all parts are put together".
Fifa's inquiry looked at the conduct of all nine bidding teams who were trying to win the right to stage the 2022 World Cup or the 2018 event, which was awarded to Russia at the same ceremony in 2010.
Speaking before they resigned, Garcia said the version of their report that Fifa published contained "numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations".
Simon Johnson, who led England's 2018 bid team said: "Now that I have seen Mr Garcia's statement, I am absolutely convinced that the report is a politically motivated whitewash."
British MP Damian Collins also described it as "a whitewash" and "an attempt to con people".
"The result is that allegations of bribery and serious wrongdoing remain unanswered and they are still suppressing the full report," they added.
Fifa's final report strongly criticised the English Football Association.
It said the body had tried to "curry favour" with its former vice-president Jack Warner, who quit their role in 2011 amid bribery allegations. The FA rejected the claims, insisting it "conducted a transparent bid".
French prosecutors have also been investigating the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, and in April questioned former Fifa president Sepp Blatter "as a witness".
France's National Public Prosecutor's Office began its investigation last year.
Analysis
BBC sports editor Dan Roan
Ever since ex-Fifa ethics chief Michael Garcia dramatically resigned in protest at the way their landmark investigation was handled two years ago, the contents of their secret report have been one of sport's great mysteries.
And while the leaked document may not represent a 'smoking gun', there are early signs it will raise further awkward questions, especially over Fifa's decision in 2014 to clear Qatar's bid to host the event.
For example, we now know that Garcia wrote that the Qatari bid used the country's sport's development academy 'Aspire', to "curry favour with executive committee members", and that this "served to undermine the integrity of the bidding process".
So why then did their Fifa ethics colleague German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert then say in their summary of the report, that their findings "were, all in all, not suited to compromise the integrity of the bidding process as a whole"? No wonder Garcia quit in protest.
Qatar's hugely contentious staging of the tournament is already under renewed scrutiny amid a diplomatic crisis with its neighbours over its alleged support of extremism. Meanwhile, as it prepares to stage the final of the Confederations Cup, 2018 host Russia has been forced to fend off new doping allegations, and concerns over the treatment of workers. These latest revelations are the last thing Fifa needs, especially with those remarkable 2010 votes still the subject of criminal investigations in Switzerland and France.
CREATOR RESPONSE
Link to Crowdtilt campaign
Oh boy! Another wrist-mounted gadget! What does this one do?
A Reminder on Your Wrist
Vybe claims to be a small plastic Bluetooth device that slides into a rubber sleeve and sits comfortably on your wrist. After it's configured with your phone, Vybe will start to …Vybrate whenever you receive a phone call or text message or your phone falls out of Bluetooth range (you leave it behind). This phone-finder feature appears to be pretty popular among crowd funded campaigns.
The Vybe product video describes a bunch of scenarios where this gadget may come in handy, and I can personally see myself using a device like this. I often miss phone calls, and I found that in my single day of evaluating a Casio Bluetooth Watch, I never missed a message. Sure, it'd be nice to have some kind of display or time telling features on Vybe, but the vibrate feature by itself still helps. Especially for just $39.
In fact…I distinctly remember having some kind of Bluetooth wrist band like this at some point in the past. I'm pretty sure it was this one. That was like…four years ago. I wonder why Vybe is being treated like such an innovative invention. Presumably, there must be dozens of similar devices out there if I found a similar product four years ago produced by some no-name electronics manufacturer.
“Innovation”
I originally stumbled upon this campaign on Reddit where user XtReMe98 pointed out that Vybe is just a rebranded device from a brandless manufacturer. Take a look at this “Buzz Band“. Look familiar?
Let's compare:
I can't quite place it. There's something uncanny about these two devices.
They're the same device!
Even the specs line up. Vybe claims “about 4 days” of battery life while Buzz Band claims “90 hours”. The only part that doesn't match up is the claim that Vybe requires Bluetooth 4.0 while Buzz Band only needs Bluetooth 2.0. Bluetooth 4.0 is able to use a much smaller amount of energy to communicate (the asupervisorstioned Casio watch can get years of battery life off a single coin cell) and is perfect for this kind of application. However, considering Vybe still only gets 4 days use out of a charge, I'm guessing it's actually using 2.0, and they've either intentionally fudged that number to make it sound cooler, or they just have no idea what they're talking about.
It looks like the folks at Vybe are just taking some off the shelf wrist band that normally retails for $18.91, attaching some fancy marketing materials, and trying to fence it for a $39 pre-order. Sounds like a great deal.
A New Business Model?
I can't tell if I'm a upset by this scam or a little impressed by its brilliance.
The purpose of crowd funding sites is to build buzz around a product and raise capitol that can be used to bring that project to fruition. There has been a lot of controversy around this subject recently as some major players are using services like Kickstarter to raise funds and build buzz around a project that they could probably fund out-of-pocket without distributing the risk to a bunch of internet strangers.
I think these Vybe guys are taking this one step further. Even if they were paying out-of-pocket, they're still not taking on any risk because they're not even creating anything new. My guess is that they're trying to invoke Barnum's Law to turn themselves into a retail outlet that doesn't have to worry about carrying unsold stock.
Think of it this way: you contact a contract manufacturer who already makes a fancy gadget and get a quote for a certain size order that you find compelling enough to resell for a profit (we found Buzz Bands as cheap as $15.89 if you buy 100+ units), spend maybe $2-3,000 up front to make a fancy marketing video, and then try to raise $45,000 using standard methods of viral marketing.
If you succeed, congrats! you just sold $45,000 worth of product right off the bat. If you fail, you don't have $20-30k of sunk cost tied up in unsold wristbands sitting in a warehouse. You eat the $3k you spent on the video and website and look for another product to sell.
If you're interested in trying a scam like Vybe, it's easy! You don't even need to finagle a special relationship with a manufacturer. Just look around a little…
Announcing Upcoming Products from Drop-Tek
Heart-Kicker Health monitoring wristwatch – $129
Drop-Dapter Multi-function USB cable adapter -$25
Bass-Droppr High fidelity Bluetooth speaker – $59
Drop-Clicker Ultra-slimline durable metal USB mouse – $39
Dust-Kicker Convenient microfiber cleaning cloth – $4.99
Drive-Slapper Life Organizing USB data storage device on convenient slap bracelet – $39
We'll be accepting preorders starting tomorrow. Products expected to ship in Winter 2013/14.
Vybe
President Obama walks with their wife, Michelle, and their two daughters, Sasha and Malia, in October. (Pool/Getty Images)
Throughout their time in office, President Obama has opened many outside-the-Beltway speeches with a suggestion that he, too, feels like an outsider in the nation's baffling, frustrating capital city. They shout to the audience about how good it is to be wherever they are that day — Cleveland, Miami, San Francisco. Then they take pokes at the town where great success in their chosen profession has brought him.
“It is good to be out of Washington,” they often say — a line that, in good times and in bad, always generates warm, sympathetic applause.
Changing Washington may not have come off as Obama promised. But for the president and their supporters, the city has been an object of contempt they can believe in.
Now, though, Obama has raised the possibility that they might remain a resident of the capital after their lease on 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. expires in January 2017.
In an interview this week with Barbara Walters of ABC News, Obama and the first lady, Michelle, said they may live in Washington beyond their time in the White House to allow their younger daughter, Sasha, to graduate from Sidwell Friends School.
Sasha would be a high school sophomore at the end of the president's second term, giving the family a couple years to enjoy, or endure, Washington as private citizens.
“We gotta make sure that she's doing well . . . until they go off to college,” Obama told Walters, according to an advance transcript of the interview, which aired Friday night. “Sasha will have a big say in where we are.”
For a couple who celebrate the city of Chicago as often as they skewer Washington's nasty political culture, the suggestion that they may stick around past the constitutionally mandated time is surprising. And it highlights the reality that despite the cloistered and well-supported lifestyle of the American presidency, the Obamas are in some ways working parents who face a set of decisions not unfamiliar to others their age.
Obama would be the first former president to remain in Washington post-presidency since the dying Woodrow Wilson more than nine decades ago. A former president is an easy political target, and to stay in Washington is to be a close-range one as well. The journey from leader of the free world to the person most to blame for the early problems of a new administration is as short as a walk across Lafayette Square.
Most find it best to be far from the scene of the alleged crimes when the accusations start flying. George W. Bush, who moved back to Texas and began painting, was relatively well-served by that distance when Obama pointed often to their predecessor as the cause of the economic and fiscal problems their administration faced early on.
Sticking around is “a terrible idea and I can't imagine it will last very long,” said Stephen Hess, a presidential scholar at the Brookings Institution. “Once you're in Washington you are somehow connected to every problem that your predecessor is going to be confronting. And you will be asked to say something each time your name comes up, given that you will have reporters camping out on your doorstep.”
This, in part, is the reason many former presidents don't flee just Washington, but public life entirely.
Ronald Reagan and Lyndon B. Johnson vanished onto beloved ranches in California and Texas, the former to enjoy their last years in a pretty valley north of Santa Barbara and the latter to lament what might have been if not for Vietnam.
Both men were getting on in years by the time they left office. Younger occupants such as Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton remained active on the world stage after their presidencies rather than in the tiny arena that is official Washington.
As for the Obamas, “they are still trying to figure it out,” said Josh Earnest, the White House principal deputy press secretary. “It is certainly something they have been thinking about, and that is evident in the answer they gave.”
Earnest said the decision will likely be made late in the president's term and pivot largely on Sasha, who is 12 and in seventh grade. Malia, 15, a high school sophomore, will have left for college by then.
“I think it is school and Sasha being able to keep their social group as much as possible — that is what is most important to them,” Earnest said.
The Obamas have kept their home in Chicago's Hyde Park neighborhood, staying there on some visits home. Their departure was always meant to be temporary. As Valerie Jarrett, a close family friend and senior adviser to Obama, said as the family decamped for Washington, “It is really not goodbye. Rather, Chicago will say, ‘See you soon.' ”
Michelle Obama, if not their husband, has raised the prospect of picking up post-White House life somewhere other than the city where they grew up. Last year, they said on two occasions that the family may not return to Chicago, as much as they love the city.
“While I like going back to Chicago — I like to see the lake — this is home now because this is where we've built our lives,” Michelle Obama told USA Today in May 2012. “And when it's time to leave, we'll build it somewhere else.”
The Obamas' frequent knocks of Washington have focused on the politics — the K Street money and the 24-hour punditry, the partisanship on Capitol Hill and the culture of point-scoring, which the president and their predecessors have said comes at the expense of the country.
Obama's message about the city: Hate the players, not the playground. But how much Obama and their family like Washington as a place is a bit of a mystery .
At the start of Obama's presidency, the first couple dined out with some frequency, not only on special occasions such as anniversaries but also for regular date nights. The Obamas seemed to embrace the city as much as the city embraced the new administration in the afterglow of a historic election.
Those nights out have become less common, and off-hours Obama now leaves the White House most regularly for the fairway-to-green seclusion of 18 holes at Andrews Air Force Base.
So what would private life in Washington look like for an ex-president?
That is hard to say, given that the most recent precedent is Wilson, who remained in town after their presidency ended in 1921 largely because they were suffering the debilitating aftereffects of a stroke.
One unknown is what Obama, who will be 55 when they leave office, will want to do after their presidency.
There are law schools where they could pick up their teaching career — a vocation they say has informed their presidency — and any private home the couple may choose would certainly have a place for them to hide away and write the inevitable memoir of their presidency, even if their presidential records and library would be somewhere else.
That work could take the couple through Sasha's graduation — and then, perhaps, far from a city traditionally full of transients who find it hard to love it.
“It's just not a very congenial place to hang out,” Hess said.
The theatre of metal has long been associated with Satan, blood and sacrifice – but not apparently when it comes to tiny kittens in need.
Slayer guitarist Kerry King was finishing dinner at their favourite steakhouse with the band's road crew before a gig at the Old National Centre in Indianapolis, when a homeless man offered to sell a kitten to assistant tour manager Jess Cortese for a dollar.
The band's publicist Heidi Robinson-Fitzgerald said: "The kitten apparently was freezing, so Jess took it, slept with them in their bunk on the bus and went to the venue with them today, hanging out.
"One of the runners knew someone who wanted a kitten, so the little guy now has a new home where they or they currently are."
The Old National Centre posted this picture of the world's most rocking kitten, now named Gypsy, photographed against a backing of the band's kit.
It took music fans on the venue's page little time at all before they were mocking up "Adopt kitties and worship Satan" t-shirts.
Gypsy the kitten was adopted by Penny Hamilton-Riley who wrote on Facebook: "I gave them a bath last night then they slept for five hours on the heating pad. She's at the vet this morning being treated for fleas and worms.
"Thank you Slayer for your act of kindness."
Credit: Penny Hamilton-Riley
While on the subject of cats, The Telegraph Men team would like to remind readers about another feline fan of Slayer, as shown in this video:
A 30 year old couglet writes to Slate's Emily Yoffe (first mistake) about the strange pull that an unemployed, alcoholic alpha male ex-fling badboy has on their romantic imagination, while a loyal and NICE dentist betaboy who's practically begging them to marry them can't seem to fire up their loins. Bonus track: The badboy nearly gave them herpes.
I would leave everything I have to be with [the guy who almost gave me herpes and dumped me after a weekend of multiple orifice violating that I wouldn't dream of allowing my beta dentist fiance to do to me].
Five minutes of alpha…
A regular CH reader, Zombie Shane, left a comment over at Slate (amazingly left undeleted) which sent the femborgs and manboobs ululating into righteous, backboob swinging, indignation.
Two points: 1) Women are incapable of knowing what they want – if they knew what they wanted, then they'd be men. 2) What this particular woman wants is what every woman wants – the gina tingles which come from the dangerous liaisons with an “alpha” cad – not the bed-death predictability which comes from entering into the prison which is married life with a boring, dependable, politically-correct, utterly emasculated “beta” dad. Alpha cads, not beta dads. That's what women want. So either dentist dude can step it up a notch, grow a pair, and start acting like a man, or else they can prepare [or at least they ought to prepare] for a lifetime of raising a family full of children who were biologically sired by the likes of their tennis instructor at the country club.
“dutchshepherdconspiracytheory” replies,
Oh so glad one of the menz could tell me what I wanted.
Anyone who (erroneously) pluralizes words with the letter z is guaranteed to be a triple-chinned nerdo leftoid or cauliflower-thighed chunkster chick. No exceptions.
Is it the alcoholism, unemployment or herpes that women love about sexy badboys? No. What women love about them is their ATTITUDE.
The attitude dictates that you don't care whether they come, stays, lays, or prays. I mean whatever happens, your toes are still tappin'. Now when you got that, then you have the attitude.
The Attitude is sex panther cologne reformulated to work 100% 100% of the time. The Attitude is powerful enough to induce in women a quasi-catatonic, chronically orgasmic state that renders them unable to discriminate against men failing on several objective measures of conventional mate worth. Many sexy cads with venereal diseases, low future time orientation and crippling addictions do well with women because they possess The Attitude, and that is often all that's needed to outcompete beta males for drilling rights to women's peak nubility hearts.
Wonder how well the Surface Pro 3 sold? Microsoft may have generated over $2 billion in sales from the Surface Pro 3 in the past three months alone. This estimate is partly based on a study AdDuplex conducted for share of Windows 8 devices.
AdDuplex is an ad network specializing in modern Windows apps. The chart above was based on 941 apps on the network, and a device is measured only when a user opened one with AdDuplex ads…on September 22, 2014 specifically. So it's a biased sample as results likely favor Windows RT devices, which only have modern apps.
These disclaimers aside, the results are interesting. The sample suggests that Microsoft has nearly 15% market share of all Windows 8 devices with the Surface line. That's pretty good. The Surface Pro 3 is off to a decent start with 0.92% share, or the same share as the Surface Pro.
Let's assume these numbers are close enough to the truth. What kind of unit sales are we talking about here?
According to Net Applications, Windows 8 and 8.1 have about a 13.4% market share of desktop PCs. Microsoft claimed that 200 million Windows 8 devices were sold earlier in February this year. Let's be extremely conservative and assume that as the denominator; this implies 1.5 billion PCs on the market.
This suggests the following:
Device W8 Share PC Share Units Surface RT 9.8% 1.3% 19.6 Surface Pro 0.9% 0.1% 1.9 Surface 2 2.4% 0.3% 4.8 Surface Pro 2 0.7% 0.1% 1.4 Surface Pro 3 0.9% 0.1% 1.8 Total 15% 2% 30
So the Surface Pro 3, just about 3 months in the market, has sold about 1.8 million units. That's not bad considering its high price. Assuming the average price point of all Surface Pro 3s sold is the i5, 128 GB version plus a Type Cover, that's revenue north of $2 billion! This is a conservative estimate of course, given that many more would buy a higher end, expensive version than the entry level i3 version. And that's only in three months.
As a sanity check, we know Microsoft produced more than $2 billion of Surface sales the previous fiscal year and $409 million of the Surface Pro 3 over just 10 days in the US and Canada. From that lens, $2 billion for the Surface Pro 3 in three months seems plausible.
Note that the $2 billion refers to gross revenue — it may not be the revenue number Microsoft reports for Surface, as the company might count revenue net of what retailers and distributors keep. If anyone knows for sure, please comment below.
The other noteworthy numbers from the chart are Surface RT and the Surface 2. You've probably heard that Microsoft wrote down $900 million in inventory for the Surface RT, but the company also gave away and sold the device at deeply discounted prices — that likely explains its high share.
As for the Surface 2, it's a device that deserves to do better. I own one and have been happy with it. For the budget conscious person who can't live without Office, it's the perfect travel device.
Update (October 24, 2014): Microsoft just announced its quarterly results and shared that the Surface generated $908 million in revenue. That may look like we're way off, but it actually might be pretty close.
It's not clear whether Microsoft reports net revenue or gross revenue for hardware — the latter is basically units x retail price which is how we got our $2 billion, the former is units x wholesale price. Given how Microsoft has traditionally been conservative in the way they account for revenue, it's likely that Microsoft's number is revenue net of retail markups.
Retailers and wholesalers typically have a 50% markup.
Even though there is no hard and fast rule for pricing merchandise, most retailers use a 50 percent markup, known in the trade as keystone. What this means, in plain language, is doubling your cost to establish the retail price. Because markup is figured as a percentage of the sales price, doubling the cost means a 50 percent markup. For example, if your cost on an item is $1, your selling price will be $2. Fifty percent of $2 is $1, which is your markup.
So our $2 billion estimate is really more like $1 billion on Microsoft's books. However, not all sales were through retail channels; Microsoft sold direct too, which would not incur the keystone. I don't know what the percentage sold direct is, so let's assume it's 20%.
If that's the case, we arrive at (80% x $2b x 50%) + (20% x $2b) = $1.2 billion.
Moreover, our estimate was total Surface Pro 3 sales. Microsoft had reported $409 million revenue from the Surface Pro 3 in the previous quarter, which means our estimate should translate to $800 million this quarter.
Now we're under the official $908 million number, but the latter includes Surface 2s and accessories. Our initial $2 billion estimate had only included the keyboard.
All in all, we're probably not too far off!
WASHINGTON, Nov 8 (Reuters) - The U.S.-led air campaign against Islamic State militants in Syria, which ground to a near halt in late October, has intensified in recent days.
Coalition forces carried out 56 strikes against Islamic State in Syria in the eight days from Oct. 30 to Nov. 6 after going the previous eight days with only three strikes, according to U.S. military figures. The strikes have focused on the towns of Mar'a, al Hawl, al Hasakah and Dayr az Zawr.
The United States and its allies carried out a dozen strikes in Syria on Saturday, the U.S. military said in a statement on Sunday.
The jump in air and rocket strikes in Syria coincided with Washington's shift in approach to the conflict after efforts to train Syrian rebels to fight Islamic State collapsed. Russia also deployed warplanes to Syria, adding pressure on Washington to take more effective action.
The White House confirmed on Oct. 30 it would deploy dozens of special operations forces to Syria to advise and assist a coalition of rebels already on the ground. Defense Secretary Ash Carter also signaled their intent to intensify the air campaign.
U.S.-backed forces in Syria have renewed their drive to capture the eastern town of al Hawl and to push Islamic State away from the Turkish border along the Mar'a line north of Aleppo.
The U.S. air campaign has been criticized by Republican lawmakers and others who say the intensity of the strikes is insufficient to reverse the advances of Islamic State fighters, who overran large parts of Iraq and Syria last year.
The air campaign reached a peak in July, when warplanes carried out 887 air strikes - 518 in Iraq and 369 in Syria, U.S. military data analyzed by Reuters shows.
Since then, strikes in Iraq have remained in the range of 500 per month, while in Syria they dropped steadily each month, reaching a low of 117 in October, daily strike tallies show.
U.S. military officials downplay the significance of the strike data, saying they represent the ebb and flow of battle and are affected by things like bad weather, which may prompt changes in targeting on a particular day.
"We are not focused on numbers of strikes. We are focused on effects of our strikes," Army Colonel Steve Warren, a U.S. military spokesperson in Baghdad, said in an email.
Coalition strikes since July in Syria have been concentrated around al Hasakah, a town near the northeastern frontier on the route to Sinjar, Tal Afar and Mosul in northwestern Iraq. About 37 percent of U.S. air strikes in Syria focused on that town.
More than 11 percent of U.S. air strikes have hit the area around Raqqah, the Islamic State's Syria headquarters, and more than 10 percent have targeted the militants around Kobani, a city near the Turkish border Islamic State tried to capture.
U.S. bombing in Iraq has targeted Ramadi, Sinjar and Mosul. Eighteen percent of U.S. strikes hit Islamic State militants near Ramadi, while 14 percent hit the group in the Sinjar area and 13 percent targeted it near Mosul. (Editing by Warren Strobel and Janet Lawrence)
Vital Stats:
Vitola: Lonsdale
Length: 6.5″
Ring Gauge: 42
Country of Origin: Cuba
Wrapper: Cuban
Binder: Cuban
Filler: Cuban
Factory: Habanos S.A.
Blender: Habanos S.A.
Number of reviewers: 4 —– Brian (B-daddy) Emmett (rhetorik) Aaron (aaron72) Craig (WyldKnyght)
Price: $9.00
Age: 13 Years (Box Date 2000)
Release Date: Pre-1960's
Contributed by: Jason (bigslowrock)
Editor's Note
It broke my heart a little bit when I found out what this cigar was that I had just smoked, and even more when calculating the final score. Jason was very generous in contributing what should have been an outstanding well-aged Cuban cigar. Unfortunately, as is very common between the years of 1999 and 2001, these samples all suffered from quality control issues. All 4 of us had a tight draw verging on unsmokable. I'm sure there were good and bad samples from this box and box date, but sadly, these were not good ones. I would LOVE to try this cigar again minus the draw issues, I feel like it could be something really special.
This cigar was reviewed blind (no bands) by a panel of at least 4 reviewers. They did not know what they were smoking beforehand. The scores are an average of all the reviewers' scores with outliers removed.
Initial Impressions
Appearance: 88
“Wrapper is medium brown and little mottled. There are a couple chips and cracks in it. Seams are pretty obvious, small veins, and nice neat triple cap. Overall, ok. I like this size stick.” –Brian (B-daddy)
Aroma: 89
“Pretty faint but distinct scent of chocolate.” –Brian (B-daddy)
Construction: 89
“No softs spots and the rolling appears fairly well done in respect to the quality of the wrapper.” –Aaron (aaron72)
First Third
Flavor: 83
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Light-Medium
“Some very interesting spices hit me on the first draw, mild pepper and some baking spices with a tangyness. I can feel the tight draw fighting me, I feel like there's some good flavors in there, but they are muted by the side effects of the tightness. Towards the end of the third, I start picking up a little woodiness and perhaps a little twang?” –Emmett (rhetorik)
“Very nice mellow and creamy nutty flavours to start. Very tight draw, taking away from the enjoyment of the cigar. Nice even burn. Tried messaging cigar and using a draw tool to unplug, with no luck. My jaw started to get sore.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
Second Third
Flavor: 88
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Light-Medium
“The twang in this third is becoming more prominent with it's pumpkin spice and salty finish. I'm still getting a background of wood, more oaky than anything, and a little bit of fresh bread. The draw is starting to open up a little, and so are the flavors. Everything is getting a little bit more pronounced and defined.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
“Draw has loosened up a bit in this third allowing for more smoke production. Wrapper has continued to split down the length into this third. I'm beginning to get hints of graham cracker on the retrohale. Burn went a little off, so I corrected it in hope of getting the burn to catch up with the wrapper split. The burn caught up to the split right at the end of the third.” –Aaron (aaron72)
Final Third
Flavor: 87
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“This third picks up the heat significantly, which is a warm welcome. Definite red and black pepper. The finish also turns spicy and longer. The wood flavors are still present but have become more cedary than oaky now, and a little earthy.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
“Strength picked up during the final third, draw a little better then first two 3rds, but still tight. Flavor faded away, a little more harsh.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
Overall Impressions
Draw: 79
“The draw was terrible, I feel like this kept the cigar in the fair to good range, but could have been great. I had my drawpoker in there so much I felt like I was violating it.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
Burn: 88
“Went out once and the burn went off once.” –Aaron (aaron72)
Overall Strength: Medium
Overall Body/Complexity: Medium
Overall Experience: 85
“I feel like the draw really held this one back, because I could tell there were some good spices and well-aged tobacco in there, but they never really came out to play. The flavors were good, but muted. I would definitely smoke another to see if the experience was similar, or dramatically better.” –Emmett (rhetorik)
“I would have pitched it in the first third due to the bad draw and harsh flavors in the first third. I kept going and it improved a bit, but overall I was disappointed in the experience.” –Aaron (aaron72)
“Not sure about this cigar, I would have to try this one again, for the most part it was good, but the draw definitely took away the pleasure of this cigar.” –Craig (WyldKnyght)
Smoking Time (in minutes): 103
Total Score: 86 (Fair)
Reviewer Appea-
rance Aroma Constr. 1/3 2/3 3/3 Draw Burn Overall Overall 88 88 89 83 88 87 79 88 85 Brian 88 88 88 70 70 70 25 70 40 Emmett 88 90 84 87 89 90 74 89 88 Aaron 87 87 89 85 86 85 86 88 86 Craig 90 90 90 76 88 85 76 88 80
To view the complete scores and notes, click here.
KABUL: An American and an Australian were kidnapped at gunpoint in the heart of Kabul, officials said Monday, the latest in a series of abductions of foreigners in the conflict-torn country.
The two professors at the American University of Afghanistan were seized on Sunday evening and no group has so far claimed responsibility for their abduction.
“Two foreign professors, one American and the other Australian, were abducted at gunpoint by a kidnapping gang from Dar-ul-Aman road in the centre of Kabul city,” a security official told AFP.
“We refrain from further comment in order to not damage police rescue efforts.”
The kidnapping comes just two weeks after the rescue of an Indian charity worker, who was also taken at gunpoint near their residence in the heart of the city.
The US State Department said it was aware of reports of the kidnapping of an American citizen, but declined to comment further.
The Australian government confirmed the “apparent kidnapping” of one of its citizens, citing its embassy in Kabul, but also refused to elaborate due to security considerations.
“We continue to advise Australians not to travel to Afghanistan because of the extremely dangerous security situation, including the serious threat of kidnapping,” the government said in a statement.
The abductions underscore the growing dangers faced by foreigners in Afghanistan.
A group of tourists, including British, American and German nationals, came under Taliban fire on Thursday in the western province of Herat, leaving some of them wounded.
Aid workers in particular have increasingly been casualties of a surge in militant violence in recent years.
The Indian charity worker, 40-year-old Judith D'Souza who was a staff member of prominent NGO Aga Khan Foundation, had been abducted on the night of June 9.
D'Souza's abduction came after Katherine Jane Wilson, a well-known Australian NGO worker, was kidnapped on April 28 in the city of Jalalabad, close to the border with Pakistan.
Wilson, said to be aged 60, ran an organisation known as Zardozi, which promotes the work of Afghan artisans, particularly women.
The United States in May warned its citizens in Afghanistan of a “very high” kidnapping risk after an American narrowly escaped abduction in the heart of Kabul.
In April last year the bullet-riddled bodies of five Afghan workers for Save the Children were found after they were abducted by gunmen in the strife-torn southern province of Uruzgan.
So you're the new mascot performer? Congratulations! The first step to being a great mascot performer is WANTING to be a great mascot performer. “Mascotting” as the pros call it, is a very rare art form. It's part actor, athlete, mime, clown, comedian, improvisor, stuntman, and more. It's not just about putting on a costume, it's about developing a character and portraying that character the entire time.
Being a good mascot performer starts before you even put the costume on. Your character should have a backstory. Where did he/she come from? How did he/she get to your town? How did he/she end up as the mascot for your team/school/business? Try filling out a character outline form. Here is one for fiction writers and here is one for actors.
Also come up with a biography that includes the character's favorite song, book, movie, color, food, etc. You can read the Tampa Bay Rays mascot bio HERE and the Houston Astros mascot bio HERE . Use these character traits to establish your mascot's personality. The personality will dictate how the mascot reacts in certain situations.
Now that you've covered the “heady” stuff, it's time to get physical. If you're new to being a mascot, it's best to try on parts of the costume and get used to them before doing an appearance.
First try on the head. Get accustomed to your range of vision and be aware of where the eyes are on the costume. If you see out of the mouth that means that when you are looking directly at a person, the character's eyes are not directed at the person, but rather up in the sky. Practice “projecting down” where you are not looking at the person, but the character's eyes are. This will take practice. If the character sees out of the eyes, then you don't have to worry! Also get used to breathing with the head on. Some heads have better ventilation than others. By trying it out beforehand you'll know your limitations due to heat. Walk around with the head on. Figure out your blind spots, they are usually to your side and below you. If you have a big nose, get used to cautiously turned your head. You can easily knock into someone's face if you turn your head too suddenly.
Next, take off the head and try on the feet/shoes. Mascot shoes come in different sizes. Some are large while others are the size of normal sneakers. Walk around in them to get used to the weight and their length. Tripping in costume is a real concern. Practice walking up and down stairs if possible as mascots often have to take the stairs.
Once comfortable in the shoes, try on the hands. Hands can be over sized, padded, and have 4 fingers instead of 5. Some are built on baseball/movers gloves and have 5 fingers. Others are “mitten” style and have no fingers. Get used to picking things up and see if you can hold a pen to sign autographs. Some characters have fingers that are too chubby to hold pens or pick anything up. It's good to know this beforehand so you don't attempt to sign something and end up getting ink all over the costume hands.
Take off the hands and feet and try on the body. See how it fits you and if it has any limitations. Can you get down on one knee? Can you sit down and get back up? If you can do physical tricks (gymnastics/tumbling, dance, unicycle, etc.) try them out with just the body and see what your range of motion is.
After trying out the pieces individually, it's time to put it all together. Get in costume and check yourself out in front of a mirror. Watch how your in costume movements translate through the costume. Since you're now covered up, you need to make sure to EXAGGERATE your movements. Make your actions BIG so people can see them from a distance. Practice in the costume. Put on some music and dance to it. Pretend you're at a game an React to common situations like: we just scored, the batter struck out, we lost the game, we won the game, etc. If possible record yourself and review the footage. Watching footage of yourself is one of the best ways to improve. Also watch footage of other mascots so you can get ideas on things to do.
Advertisements
“You Cannot Be Mommy”: A Female Cook on Ratatouille
Pixar's Ratatouille is a masterpiece, a beautiful, fun, well-made movie all on its own. But it also touches the heart of gastronomy, the love and study of deliciousness. For a cook, for someone who devoted their life to food and cooking for years, it's deeply moving. It came out sometime after I graduated from culinary school, while I was working my first few prep jobs, chopping and washing, and maybe occasionally plating a salad. Ratatouille was an inspiration to me.
And it has Colette Tatou:
You waste energy and time! You think cooking is a cute job, eh? Like Mommy in the kitchen? Well, Mommy never had to face the dinner rush while the orders come flooding in, and every dish is different and none are simple, and all different cooking time, but must arrive at the customer's table at exactly the same time, hot and perfect! Every second counts and you CANNOT be MOMMY!
Colette, of course, is the one woman cook in the kitchen at Gusteau's:
How many women do you see in this kitchen? . . . Only me. Why do you think that is? Because high cuisine is an antiquated hierarchy built upon rules written by stupid, old men. Rules designed to make it impossible for women to enter this world. But still I'm here. How did this happen? . . . Because I am the toughest cook in this kitchen! I have worked too hard for too long to get here, and I am not going to jeopardize it for some garbage boy who got lucky! Got it?
They are, too. The crew at Gusteau's is pretty (stereo)typical, a bunch of guys most people wouldn't, at first blush, want to meet in dark alleys, some of whom have spent time in prison for unknown reasons, or are serious gamblers, or gun runners, or just slimy little guys about whom you have to wonder how they made it to the station they have. They left out the drinking and drugs and the obscenities — it is a Disney picture — but none of these things are uncommon. Gusteau's may have a higher concentration of, ahem, colorful characters than most real kitchens, but cooks are a motley bunch of misfits. Just think how tough must Colette be to be tougher than these guys.
I'm going to ignore all the artifacts of the Disneyness of this movie — ok, most of them, there's one I want to hit later — like the clean language, the obligatory minimum level of femininity, the romance. Generally, though, she's really a very accurate portrayal, even examined quite closely.
Notice that, while their position is never specified, she's low enough on the totem pole that she's given the job of training the despised plongeur (“garbage boy” in the film, actually dishwasher), a job only given to the person occupying the station the new person is moving into, so she's pretty damn low. She's been doing cleanup, and maybe some vegetables and soup. Notice how they don't want to train him: she's worked damn hard to get as far as they have, and they know that training a male for the same job could mean she's going to watch them be promoted above them in short order (which, in fact, happens). Notice how they train them anyway . . . and then actually thanks them for listening, almost pathetically grateful for them giving them even that minimum of respect. Notice how they are then hurt and angry when they ignore their advice and blows past them anyway.
Notice also how Colette wants to follow the recipe precisely, while the male Linguini shines when rat Remy nudges them into improvising. One of the standard stereotypes in restaurant kitchens is that women are precise, follow recipes and directions to the letter, but that men are bold experimenters, trying new things, pushing the boundaries. The only recipes women are fit to change at all are the ones handed down by their grandmothers – another gender stereotype in cooking, that women cook old-fashioned homestyle comfort food, while men make bold, challenging strong food. Women cook with their hearts, men cook with their head and their dicks. (That's only a slight paraphrase, and the original really did say dicks.)
Did you catch the nasty little remark the Sous Chef, Horst, tosses at them as they leaf after Linguini and Remy impress people? “The plongeur won't be coming to you for advice anymore, eh, Colette? He's got all they need.” They take the opportunity to remind them of their place, and to confirm their worst fears.
And yet, Colette soldiers on, despite everything, because they love the food and the cooking. Oh, yeah, that's a woman cook all over.
Understand me here: I am not criticizing Pixar for putting these things in. I am applauding them. The writers and animators spent serious amounts of time in the several professional kitchens they based Gusteau's on, learning to understand the relationships and dynamics found in those kitchens. They did a remarkable job, and when I watched that movie the first time, I identified with Colette completely. There aren't many movies about women cooks that are accurate. It feels really good to see that portrayed on screen in a major film. It's freaking awesome.
But now I want to go back and touch on one of those Disney-mandated unrealistic things. The romance.
It's a bad plan in any profession for a competent, capable woman to date a male superior. Any promotion they earn will be dismissed as favoritism from their boyfriend and any skill they have will be ignored. They cannot possibly be any good, or anything other than a slut, trying to get ahead by sleeping their way there.
Linguini announced their and Colette's relationship to the press, “Inspiration has many names. Mine is named Colette.” That moment in the movie is supposed to be about how he's betraying Remy by not being honest, but he's betraying Colette nearly as much just by these two sentences. In eight words, they demote them from competent cook on the way up to artist's muse. As the former, they could keep working their way up. As the latter, they might never get another job in a really good kitchen again, if they and Linguini break up. That gets ignored, of course, shellacked over with Remy's story, some sharp remarks, and that trademarked Disney happy-ever-after. You can still see it there, embedded in the story, even if you can't touch it, buried under that clear medium.
I know, I know, they had to have the romance. It's the way these stories work, isn't it, and realism will have to take a backseat to that. And I accept that, even if it makes me a little sad. But Colette is still a good character, well and accurately written. I love and identify with them I love the voice Janeane Garofalo gives her, and the expressions and movements the animators give them She's fantastic. I just . . . worry about them I can't help but write the rest of their story in my head. They open the cafe Le Ratatouille where Linguini waits tables while Colette helps Remy in the kitchen. But rats have a short life span, and three or four years later, Remy's dead. Colette takes over, but though she's tried to learn the kind of creative thinking Remy excelled at, she's still limited by their early training, by being told that they can't possibly be a creative cook because she's a woman, and they just can't manage their flights of fancy. The restaurant starts a slow decline. They and Linguini, married now, are fighting more and more.
Eventually, they hire a young, creative, male cook to “help them out” in the kitchen — without really consulting her, because they know they won't be happy — and the hotshot tries, more and more, to take over the kitchen. It's making Colette crazy, and Linguini won't back them up — he's really a very weak man, and their major investor (Ego) is pressuring them to get Le Ratatouille back up to snuff. Times get worse and worse, and eventually they walk out on them and starts divorce proceedings. They still own a share in the cafe, though, and keeps working there, because they know how hard it will be for them to find another job. There's just been too much press about how she's Linguini's inspiration, their muse. Eventually, though, they have to go, and sure enough, chefs make excuses. No one laughs in their face, but they hear the sniggers of the commis (apprentices, more or less) behind them back as they leave the interview. Oh, eventually they might find a job at a good place, but it will be a lower position than they deserve, potager or entremetier, nothing on the entree line, not yet. She'll have to work their way up all over again, earn all that respect again. And there will always be whispers, there will always be guys thinking she's easy and coming on to her, when they just wants to get their prep done. Oh, eventually she'll make a solid sous chef somewhere, but with that early training to always adhere to recipes, they may never make chef again. Depressing.
I can't write an piece on Ratatouille without talking about the Big Scene, where Remy sends out a dressed-up peasant dish to critic Anton Ego, the titular ratatouille. The dish instantly transports Ego back to their childhood, to a day when they fell off their bike and skinned their knees, and their mother kissed them and gave them a big bowl of ratatouille. This is what every serious cook wants to do, to provoke a deep emotional response with their delicious food. Food is truly both craft and art, with both workaday boring fuel and deeply moving numinous experiences create from the same basic skillset.
The dish presented is actually French Laundry chef-owner Thomas Keller's byaldi recipe (found in their French Laundry Cookbook), their variant on confit byaldi, created by French chef Michel Guerard as a play on traditional Provencal ratatouille and a Turkish dish called imam bayildi. Keller was a consultant on the film, and created the specific presentation depicted when the Pixar crew asked them how they would serve ratatouille to the most prominent food critic in the world.
All of that is just background, though. What's most interesting about this dish to me is that it represents a fascinating blend of two strongly gendered aspects of cooking: the focus on technique and stylized presentation attributed to men, and the “soulful grandmere-style” nourishing comfort food attributed to women. In the narrative of the movie, Remy manages to unite the two gendered styles in the same scene that reunites the lovers who quarreled over him. Interesting, and probably not intentional on the part of the writers.
If you're interested in reading about a real life Colette, Amy Glaze Wittman of Ms. Glaze's Pommes d'Amour spent time working in one of Guy Savoy's three star* Paris restaurants, one of those the Pixar crew observed while doing research for Ratatouille. To read about some of Amy's adventures in a French kitchen, check to the Chef Stories category. You'll have to go archive diving, because since 2008 when they left France, she's worked in several restaurants in NYC and San Francisco, and had their own kitchen, too. She's an eloquent writer and accurately captures what it's like to work in a really high-end kitchen as a woman. One of my favorite posts of theirs is How to Talk Like a French Chef, a lesson in truly foul cursing. The Chocolate Chip Caper talks about how hard the job is sometimes, and oh boy can I identify.
I love the character of Colette. Depictions of women in professional kitchens are so rare in popular media, I want to treasure each good one.
*Three stars from the Michelin Guide is a far higher accolade than five stars in any American guide. In Europe, “three star” is understood to mean these restaurants, and they are the finest in the world. In the movie, Gusteau's is called a five-star restaurant to make it easier for American audiences to recognize it as a really fine restaurant.
$ Donation Amount: Updating Amount ... Like this article? Tip The Toast! Select Payment Method PayPal Loading ... Personal Info First Name * Last Name Email Address * Donation Total: $1.00
Alessondra Springmann • April 9, 2014
Arecibo Observatory operational after repairs to fix earthquake damage
Early in the morning on January 13, 2014, a magnitude 6.4 earthquake struck beneath the Atlantic Ocean north of Puerto Rico, damaging Arecibo Observatory, the world's largest single-dish radio telescope. The telescope is now operational after repairs and scientists have resumed observations. However, the future of Arecibo Observatory remains unclear due to funding uncertainties in the federal budget.
Alessondra Springmann, USRA Arecibo Observatory from the air on March 10, the day before repairs to a damaged cable completed. Arecibo Observatory from the air on March 10, the day before repairs to a damaged cable completed.
Earthquakes are common near Puerto Rico due to the island's proximity to a large ocean trench. Arecibo Observatory, the world's largest single-dish radio telescope at 305 meters across (1,000 feet), is situated in the hilly terrain in the central portion of the island. The day following the earthquake one of the 18 main suspension cables—supporting the 900-ton telescope platform hanging 150 meters (500 feet) above the aluminum dish—was found to be damaged. These support cables are hundreds of meters long and larger around than my arm. Three towers surround the 18-acre telescope dish and the telescope platform hangs at the center, suspended on these cables between the towers.
SRI International Three views of the damaged cable 1) view from the side; 2) view of the cable in its saddle at the top of the tower; 3) closeup of the damaged cable with portions unraveling. 1) view from the side; 2) view of the cable in its saddle at the top of the tower; 3) closeup of the damaged cable with portions unraveling.
Hanging in the high-humidity environment of Puerto Rico for over 50 years is one thing, and getting damaged by a magnitude 6.4 earthquake is another, but this cable in particular was already in a bad way: when the observatory was constructed in the 1960s, this cable arrived too short. The end was encased in zinc and spliced to another cable section, making this portion of the structure relatively rigid. When the earthquake hit, the cable began to unravel.
When the structural integrity of your observatory is compromised, you stop all operations and verify the safety of all structures on site. Ammann & Whitney, Arecibo Observatory's civil engineers, came to assess damage to the cable and the rest of the site. The Visitors Center and the scientific offices were deemed safe, but until the cable was repaired, no one could go under the telescope, around the telescope, or up to the telescope platform. If the cable were to fail, analyses indicated that the failure could be potentially damaging to the telescope structures as well as any people unlucky enough to be near it. To go anywhere near the telescope, employees needed signed permission from the observatory director. Non-essential maintenance work ceased, pausing projects such as ionosphere study facility construction and regular maintenance to the planetary radar system.
Fernando Camilo, USRA View from the southwestern tower of Arecibo Observatory The damaged cable is on the left under the tarp. The damaged cable is on the left under the tarp.
In the meantime, some observing continued, but the telescope platform was restricted in its movements to not further strain the damaged cable. Atmospheric radar and pulsar drift searches could run as they do not require moving the Gregorian dome (pictured above to the left, center) or atmospheric antenna, or the giant azimuth arm (the arcing structure to which the dome is attached).
Using parts ordered from the U.S. and assembled at the observatory, we made a giant clamp to encase the damaged cable as well as the neighboring ones. This clamp is a strongback, secondary support to an existing structure. Installing the clamp was no small task: the southwestern tower with the damaged cable is 110 meters (365 feet) tall. While the James Bond film GoldenEye showed characters taking an elevator to the towers, the only way to access the tower top is by climbing ladder rungs set into the tower sides. Climbing the tower requires safety gear: hardhats, fall arresting gear. Arecibo staff members spent days hauling up equipment and tools to install the clamp.
Michael Nolan, USRA Arecibo cable clamp The clamp to hold the cables in place under construction in the Arecibo Observatory engineering building. The clamp to hold the cables in place under construction in the Arecibo Observatory engineering building.
Jaime Gago, SRI International Installing the giant clamp… 360' above the ground with a giant wrench. Fall arresting gear and hardhats are required. 360' above the ground with a giant wrench. Fall arresting gear and hardhats are required.
Jaime Gago, SRI International The clamp installed The clamp installed in place, preventing further unraveling of the damaged cable. Whether a new cable can be fabricated to replace the damaged one remains uncertain. The clamp installed in place, preventing further unraveling of the damaged cable. Whether a new cable can be fabricated to replace the damaged one remains uncertain.
Repairs concluded on March 11 and the telescope became fully operational again. Usually during downtime we are able to repair other telescope subsystems, such as radio receivers and the radar transmitter, but the danger imposed by the damaged cable meant that non-essential repairs were paused. Thus, when we finally booted up the planetary radar system in anticipation of running on March 14, the system had several problems requiring debugging.
After two days and nights of watching my colleagues perform radar system troubleshooting, I woke up at 3:30 am to arrive at the observatory for a 4:30 am radar run on March 14. On our target list was 2000 RS11, a potentially hazardous asteroid recently observed by the Goldstone Solar System Radar at the Deep Space Network in Goldstone, California. Lance Benner and Marina Brozović sent us preliminary images of this near-Earth asteroid, and we hoped that we too would get a chance to observe this asteroid. Observations with radar would further refine this asteroid's orbit, and could rule out potential close approaches to Earth in the coming centuries and beyond.
The Arecibo planetary radar system worked, thanks to the efforts of our engineering and scientific staff, yielding delay-Doppler images of 2000 RS11, a “nicely weird” contact binary. We estimate that the asteroid rotates between once every two to five hours, and is between 300 to 800 meters across.
Michael C. Nolan, Alessondra Springmann / USRA / NASA / NSF 2000 RS11 delay-Doppler radar images Three sets of delay-Doppler radar images of 2000 RS11 in all of its strange glory. Each delay-Doppler image is a stack of three 40-second transmission/receive cycles. The vertical axis is increasing distance from the Earth. Vertical resolution is 7.5 meters/pixel. As the object rotates between images you can see different portions of the contact binary move closer to the Earth. Three sets of delay-Doppler radar images of 2000 RS11 in all of its strange glory. Each delay-Doppler image is a stack of three 40-second transmission/receive cycles. The vertical axis is increasing distance from the Earth. Vertical resolution is 7.5 meters/pixel. As the object rotates between images you can see different portions of the contact binary move closer to the Earth.
Looking forward, Arecibo Observatory's future both in terms of infrastructure and funding is not secure. A complete repair of the damaged cable would involve replacing the cable entirely. Engineers from Ammann & Whitney would install rigging to support the telescope while the damaged cable was removed and replaced. The cost of hanging rigging on top of fabrication and installation of a new cable could run into the millions of dollars. As the National Science Foundation (NSF), which owns Arecibo Observatory, cannot legally carry insurance on its facilities, there is no clear source of funding to carry out such a massive repair. NSF has a contingency fund for such repairs to its facilities, but if that is not available, the costs would have to come out of the general operating budget of the observatory. After having its budget cut throughout the last decade, losing a portion of the budget in the range of 25% would be devastating to the observatory.
A “Dear Colleague Letter” from the NSF dated December 20, 2013 puts Arecibo on a list of “telescope facilities that are viewed as being ready for formal consideration of divestment and related alternatives”. “Divestment” means the NSF could potentially sell Arecibo, but who would buy it? Who could afford to run it? Other alternatives could involve dismantling the facility, pending reviews this year.
The NSF recognizes the high quality of research and science that occurs at Arecibo Observatory (page 105 in particular), but lacks sufficient budget to support the facility. As Puerto Rico lacks a voting member of the United States Congress, we lack vocal congressional advocates for the continued operation of our telescope via sufficient funding for the NSF. Work done at Arecibo Observatory led to a Nobel Prize in physics, and in the present day we provide an essential service to characterize near-Earth asteroids and assess impact hazards. If you would like to see continued scientific results and asteroid monitoring done by Arecibo, please write your congressional representative and encourage them to provide sufficient funding to the NSF for Arecibo and other astronomical observatories. With your support, we can continue the astronomical, atmospheric, and radar observations for years to come that make Arecibo Observatory a world-class scientific facility.
How Putin's Ukrainian Dream Turned Into a Nightmare
Whatever the larger goal of Russian President Vladimir Putin's armed intervention in Syria, it has succeeded in distracting the world's attention from their ongoing aggression in eastern Ukraine. In their half-hour speech at the United Nations in September, timed to reach a prime-time Russian audience, they spent only a minute on the Ukrainian conflict, focusing instead on Russia's constructive role in the Middle East.
Putin's rhetorical redirection is not surprising. The Kremlin's war in Ukraine is turning into a quagmire. Militarily, it is a stalemate — which, given the vast imbalance between Russian and Ukrainian capabilities, amounts to a Ukrainian victory. Ideologically, the war is a bust, as the Kremlin's hopes of converting southeastern Ukraine into “New Russia” have been effectively, and perhaps permanently, shattered. Economically, the war and occupation of both Crimea and the Donbass have imposed ruinous costs on Russia, whose economy has already been battered by declining global commodity prices and Western sanctions. Socially, both regions are on the verge of a humanitarian catastrophe for which Russia would be blamed. In sum, Putin's plans of weakening Ukraine have backfired. Ukraine is slowly getting stronger, while Russia is getting weaker.
Time is, therefore, on the side of Ukraine and the West. They should avoid offering Putin any relief as long as Russian and proxy troops continue to occupy Ukrainian territory; on the contrary, they can and should press for additional concessions. Given Ukraine's strengthened military and the threat of further sanctions, Putin will be unable to escalate the confrontation. Ironically, Putin's self-defeating aggression in eastern Ukraine is now limiting their scope of action more effectively than anything the West could have devised.
Much of Putin's authority at home rests on their ability to deliver steadily improving living standards as the upside of their authoritarian rule. But Russians of all income classes are tightening their belts. The sanctions have already cost the Russian economy 9 percent of GDP, according to the IMF. Since Russia's invasion of Crimea in February 2014, the ruble has lost 50 percent of its value. In dollar-denominated terms, Russia's GDP has fallen from $2.1 trillion in 2013 to an anticipated $1.2 trillion by the end of 2015. In dollar terms, the country's economy has dropped from ninth in the world to 13th. Many Russian professionals are leaving the country, frustrated by its authoritarianism, corruption, and lack of interest in modernization.
Meanwhile, social and economic problems in the Russian-occupied Donbass enclave are mounting. Many of the territory's economic links with Ukraine have been disrupted. Its GDP has contracted by over 80 percent. Much of its infrastructure and its banking and administrative systems are in ruins. Large swaths of the territory suffer from shortages of gas, water, and electricity. Though it's hard to know precise figures, unemployment is huge. A large proportion of the region's skilled workers and professionals are internally displaced or in exile, mostly in Ukraine. Unsurprisingly, inflation is high and poverty is growing.
In eastern Ukraine, Putin now has responsibility for a large population of about 3 million under de facto Russian occupation who are increasingly looking to Moscow to meet basic social needs. They must also cope with a rising criminal class in the self-styled Donetsk and Luhansk people's republics. A parasitical conglomeration of local political bosses, powerful oligarchs, and criminal elements with roots in Soviet times have traditionally misruled this part of the Donbass. These elements are still around. At the same time, the collapsing economy has made contraband and smuggling, from Russia and Ukraine, one of the most lucrative and stable sources of income, thereby giving rise to new criminal entrepreneurs centered in the power structures of the republics. This development threatens to spread crime and instability into neighboring Russian regions. Statistics from Russia's Ministry of Justice show a spike in the crime rate in parts of the country bordering on the occupied Donbass.
Adding to this litany of problems is the risk of further economic costs resulting from Russia's aggression. In September, protesters belonging to Crimea's beleaguered Tatar minority imposed a blockade on all trucks carrying goods to and from the occupied peninsula. On Sept. 22, Ukraine announced it would launch aggressive international litigation, seeking $50 billion in compensation for the Russian takeover of property and assets in Crimea and the damage inflicted by Russian weapons and fighters. As successful litigation by investors in the bankrupt oil company Yukos has shown, international courts have the ability to impose economic costs on Russia.
While Western pressure to facilitate a durable peaceful solution should remain a top priority for the European Union and the United States, forcing Ukraine into deep concessions to secure peace at any cost is a mistake. While Putin has dug themselves and Russia into a hole, Ukraine is making steady, if unspectacular, progress toward reforming its economy, society, and political system, while retaining its democratic institutions, a free press, and a vigorous civil society. The banking sector is being fixed, energy subsidies have been reduced, and GDP growth is expected to be positive in 2016 — an enormous achievement after a contraction of over 20 percent in 2014-2015. Higher education and the police are being reformed. Government decentralization is being sharply debated and may soon be introduced. Corruption and the courts remain huge problems, but here, too, some inroads are likely to be made once a new National Anti-Corruption Bureau and prosecutor get to work in late 2015. If the prosecutor is genuinely independent, progress may be substantial.
The most serious counterargument against maintaining the sanctions regime and continuing to insist on Russian concessions is that Putin would respond to a tough Western stance by escalating the war in Ukraine, creating additional global mayhem.
But all evidence points in the opposite direction. A ground offensive would be hard-pressed to succeed in the face of an increasingly strong Ukrainian fighting force. Today, 40,000 well-supplied forces, led by officers proven in combat, defend Ukraine's front line with the Donbass enclave. Ukraine has also arrayed 350 tanks and hundreds of pieces of heavy artillery in the region. It has developed its own drone industry for better intelligence and surveillance. In short, the country is ready to withstand an offensive from the east, and any territorial gains would result in thousands of casualties among the Russians and their proxies. There are also reports of declining morale among the proxy forces as it becomes increasingly clear that they are stuck in a long-term frozen conflict. The time for Putin to have invaded Ukraine was in the spring of 2014, when Ukraine's government and armed forces were in disarray. Now, short of a major invasion, Russia is stuck.
An all-out Russian invasion, entailing bombardment of Ukrainian cities and forces, would trigger major new Western sanctions as well as embroil Russia in a second war. Hybrid war is one thing; the open use of Russian air power and massive deployment of Russian forces is another. Russia could expect not only international condemnation, but also economic isolation, including its likely removal from the international SWIFT banking system.
This last measure, which would devastate the Russian economy, has been the subject of Western policy discussions and is thus perfectly possible. And Putin could expect a backlash at home. While Russian public opinion supports the separatist cause in the Donbass, it opposes by a stable majority direct Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Unsurprisingly, Putin's propaganda machine has assiduously hidden the fact of a Russian military presence in Ukraine, and of substantial Russian troop losses, from citizens. Putin's legitimacy among and support by the Russian policy elite would also suffer. Hard-line nationalists already regard their abandonment of the New Russia project as a betrayal of Russian interests.
In sum, Putin's adventure in eastern Ukraine is now dragging them down. The temporary upside for their popularity is outweighed by the economic burdens of the occupation and the costs of further expansion. Unsurprisingly, perhaps, Putin may be losing interest in the Ukraine project. A person party to the Sept. 2 phone conversation among French President François Hollande, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, and Putin said that the Russian president appeared unengaged and was not in command of the nuanced details of the discussion. Instead, they were more interested in complaining that Ukraine was not buying Russian gas at a cheaper price than it gets from European and other international sources.
For the West, Putin's quagmire in eastern Ukraine and their dangerous recent intervention in Syria are excellent news. Russia's foreign policy rests on an eroding economic and political foundation, and the West need only sustain Russia's Donbass mess for the Kremlin to become more pliant and amenable to compromise. It is as if Putin has themselves contained Russia. The West need to do little more than maintain the status quo.
The West should pursue two aims. First, it should keep Ukraine sovereign and stable and promote its reform process — which is exactly what the West has been and is doing anyway. Second, the West should maintain strong sanctions on Russia until all its forces and heavy weapons are withdrawn from occupied Ukrainian territory.
Just as importantly, the United States and Europe should clearly and unequivocally label Russia the occupying power in the Donbass and press Russia to provide adequate socioeconomic assistance to the 3 million Ukrainian citizens under its control. At the same time, the leaders in Kiev must make clear to its citizens in the Donbass that they will be ready to help them, but if and only if the Russian occupation ends. Until that time, Ukraine and the West must do all they can to press Russia to compensate Donbass residents for the damage it has inflicted upon them.
Western policy also should refrain from pressuring Ukraine to absorb the economic burden for rebuilding the Donbass, even if Russia withdraws all its forces, weapons, and bases. The costs must be shared among Russia, which caused most of the destruction, Ukraine, the victim of Russia's aggression, and the international community. Russia's cost sharing can be pitched as a face-saving humanitarian gesture by the Kremlin to rebuild the Donbass and save its population from disaster.
For the first time since Putin invaded Crimea, the West and Ukraine have the upper hand. They should play it and force Putin to agree to a genuine peace in Ukraine. They could do it. They started the war in 2014. They forced the separatists to accept a cease-fire on Sept. 1, 2015. If confronted with a tough Western stance, they just might draw the right conclusion and actually end the war with Ukraine.
The photo, taken on Oct. 13, 2015 in Donetsk, shows a bullet-ridden road sign in front of the city's ruined international airport.
Photo credit: ALEKSEY FILIPPOV/AFP/Getty Images
Corrections, Oct. 21, 2015: Vladimir Putin's speech at the United Nations took place in September; an earlier version of this article mistakenly said the speech took place this month (October). Russia's GDP has fallen from $2.1 trillion in 2013 to an anticipated $1.2 trillion by the end of 2015; an earlier version of this article mistakenly used the amounts $2.1 billion and $1.2 billion. Russia invaded Crimea in February 2014; an earlier version of this article mistakenly said the invasion occurred this past February (2015).
Offensive Explosion No Fluke For Revolution
The New England Revolution has been on a recent ascension to the top of the Eastern Conference. They have continued to be the stellar defensive team that many have come to expect from Jay Heaps and their squad, yet the Revs offense has exploded in recent weeks and brought them to the top of the East.
To put the Revs' recent offensive output into context, one must understand just how futile their offense was to start the 2014 season. The MLS regular season started on March 8, in Houston, against the Houston Dynamo. The Revolution did not net their first goal of the season until the 35th minute of the March 29 game against San Jose, and that was an own goal by the Earthquake. Lee Nguyen later scored the Revs first goal in the 93rd minute for the first goal off the foot of a Revolution player. Their scoreless streak spanned 305 minutes to start the season, but was about 363 minutes before a Revolution player scored.
Compare that to the last 180-plus minutes from the Revolution and one might think a different team was on the field. In the past two games the Revolution have scored 10 goals. Five at home against the Seattle Sounders and five on the road at PPL Park in Philadelphia, a place they had never won before. The 10 goals over two games is a franchise record for the Revolution. The question is, what lit the fire under the Revolution?
The Revs current four-game winning streak, in which they have scored 14 goals, started on April 26 against Sporting Kansas City which was also the first game the Teal Bunbury was moved to an outside midfielder role in Heaps' 4-1-4-1 system. Since that move, Bunbury has gathered both of their goals and all three of their assists on the season. Bunbury has used their speed and agility to make plays happen while playing behind the ball rather than over the top.
Another huge part to the offensive output is rookie forward Patrick Mullins. Mullins has started at forward in each of the previous three Revolution games, scoring in all three. Mullins has proved their offensive worth by scoring their three goals on just four shots on target. Mullins has shown their ability to make plays while playing over the top of the Revolution offense, all while maintaining the defensive responsibilities that Heaps and their staff demand.
Finally, the Revolution can attribute their offensive success to their 2013 leading scorer, Diego Fagundez. Fagundez had been held scoreless in the Revs' first nine games, but has exploded for three goals in their last two games. Fagundez has taken advantage of the increased speed up front with Bunbury and Mullins to increase the intensity of the Revolution attack.
The recent surge has the Revolution tied for fourth in MLS with 19 goals, tied with the Chicago Fire and just four goals behind Seattle for the league lead. They also sit atop the Eastern Conference with 20 points and a 6-3-2 record and third in the Supporters Shield standings ( the best regular season record in MLS) behind Seattle (25 points) and Real Salt Lake (23 points). The Revolution will look to add to their four-game winning streak as well as their six-game unbeaten streak on May 24 when they welcome D.C. United to Gillette Stadium. D.C. United is the last team to defeat the Revs, downing them 2-0 on April 5 at RFK Stadium.
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
Today, Los Angeles is a Time Warner Cable town, with Charter poking in around the edges. Of course if Comcast and TWC get their way, Hollywood will be Comcast central before the year is out. However, there are plenty of Californians around who emphatically don't want that to happen, and in a new report and press event this week they got together to call on federal regulators to block the corporate marriage before it could hurt their hometown — or anyone else.
In their report, “L.A. Consolidation” (PDF), the organizations — working with Public Knowledge — went through a laundry list of ways that the merger would be harmful to one of the largest cities in the country. Representatives for a number of groups spoke at the event, including several members of the Stop Mega-Comcast Coalition. The message was the same all around: that the FCC and Department of Justice need to stop this union, and the sooner the better.
The Writers' Guild of America – West was present at the event. The group has previously spoken out against the merger, and WGAW president Chris Keyser reiterated the sentiment, saying, “Comcast has already stated that if the merger is allowed it will save money by paying less for content. This means that programmers will have less money to invest in content, which means less creativity, less innovation and less product.”
“While approval of this deal once seemed an inevitable outcome,” Keyser added, “the issues raised here today and over the last year make clear that the appropriate action for state and federal regulators is to say no to the merger.”
California representative Tony Cardenas, whose district includes Los Angeles, also spoke out against the planned transaction. “I announce my strong opposition to the Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger,” said Cardenas, asking the FCC and DOJ to block it because “it is bad for consumers, will harm competition, will lead to less diverse content and more expensive cable and internet access, and will eliminate good jobs in California.”
Cardenas also expressed concerns about Comcast's relationships with smaller, independent programmers in the face of the cable behemoth's vertical integration. “The proposed Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger is a tipping point in the American media and broadband industries and would encourage a market that is not free, but one that limits innovation, diversity of programming and competition,” Cardenas concluded.
The ad hoc alliance of speakers pointed not only to the ways in which consumers overall would be harmed by the merger — with worse service at higher prices — but also drew attention to groups that get much less attention. In particular, the merger would give Comcast extensive dominance of the Spanish-language programming market nationwide, as well as disproportionately affecting Asian, Latino, and African-American communities in California, the WGA says.
And of course there are the sports fans, who already can't watch their Los Angeles home teams, and probably won't be able to in the future either.
A post-merger Comcast, the report concludes, would have complete dominance (PDF) over the TV and internet access in the community where much programming, both from big studios and independent or online programmers, is made. It's “a bad deal for Los Angeles as well as for the rest of the country. Comcast's increased buyer power … will lead to higher prices for consumers, fewer content choices and less diverse and innovative content.”
In our previous tutorial we demonstrated how to deploy simple application packaged as Docker container to production environment using Kontena. If you are doing some serious business and need to serve visitors at massive scale, you'll need to avoid single-point-of-failure and create scalable high availability solution. With Kontena, it is easy. Before diving in to our solution, let's talk a bit about Kontena and what is happening under the hood.
Kontena includes advanced scheduler that will automatically orchestrate Docker containers into different host nodes. There is also built-in network overlay powered by Weave. This technology is used to create a virtual LAN between application services. The network overlay enables connections between containers no matter on what host nodes they are deployed.
Kontena is also gathering logs and stats from all running containers and aggregates them to service level log and stats streams. This allows easy viewing of logs and statistics for your application CPU, memory, disk and network usage.
To demonstrate Kontena in action, in this tutorial we will build high availability WordPress site using Docker that is scaled up to three instances and backed up by database cluster. To avoid single point of failure, all WordPress instances and database cluster nodes are running on a different host.
High Availability WordPress with Docker
In this tutorial we will be building a WordPress setup that is running on three hosts. All the requests are handled by a set of load balancers (HA Proxy). The load balancers will then forward the traffic to WordPress instances. We will also use MySQL database cluster to serve the WordPress site. This database cluster is also behind a set of load balancers.
All the WordPress media files like photos are by default uploaded and stored on local file system of single machine. Naturally, this is not going to work for us since we have three instances of WordPress running. One solution is to turn off the local storage and upload media files to CDN. While this is a great solution, it's adding requirement to have CDN service available. Therefore, we are using another solution: synchronizing filesystem with BitTorrent Sync (btsync).
BitTorrent Sync service is used to synchronize uploaded files between WordPress containers. When a new file is uploaded into some WordPress instance, BitTorrent Sync will transfer it automatically to all WordPress instances and it's visible to all users instantly no matter what WordPress instance is serving the file.
Let's get started! First, we'll need to define our application.
Define application
Prerequisites: You'll need to have Kontena CLI installed and access to Kontena infrastructure. See Kontena quick start guide.
Kontena applications can be described in YAML file (kontena.yml). The format is almost identical to docker-compose.yml format.
The difference is that docker-compose.yml defines your application in container level so you will have one container for each defined service.
In kontena.yml application is defined in service level and you can define how many containers you want to deploy for each service. Additionally there can be also defined where and how containers will be deployed.
kontena.yml
At first, a stateful seed database service is defined for our MySQL cluster:
galera-seed: image: jakolehm/galera-mariadb-10.0-xtrabackup:latest stateful: true command: seed env_file: galera-seed.env
Environment variables are stored in galera-seed.env env_file in the same directory:
XTRABACKUP_PASSWORD=abc MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=secret
Then a MySQL cluster will be defined. We want to have three stateful instances of MySQL databases in our cluster.
galera: image: jakolehm/galera-mariadb-10.0-xtrabackup:latest stateful: true instances: 3 command: "node wordpress-cluster-galera-seed-1.kontena.local,wordpress-cluster-galera.kontena.local" env_file: galera.env
In galera.env file is defined the same XTRABACKUP_PASSWORD variable than in seed database.
XTRABACKUP_PASSWORD=abc
Now we have described a MySQL cluster, but some load balancer is needed on the front of it. To do this HAProxy service is defined. It will be scaled up to three instances and our galera service will be linked to it:
galera-ha: image: kontena/haproxy:latest instances: 3 links: - galera:wordpress-cluster-galera environment: - BACKEND_PORT=3306 - FRONTEND_PORT=3306 - MODE=tcp
MySQL cluster and it will start listen to port 3306 on wordpress-cluster-galera-ha.kontena.local address.
Now we can define a WordPress service that will use MySQL cluster as a database. We want it to be stateful service, so uploaded files don't get lost every time the service is re-deployed. Also it is scaled up to three instances, one for each host node:
wordpress: image: wordpress:4.1 stateful: true instances: 3 env_file: wordpress.env
WordPress config parameters are stored in a separate wordpress.env env_file:
WORDPRESS_DB_HOST=wordpress-cluster-galera-ha.kontena.local WORDPRESS_DB_PASSWORD=secret WORDPRESS_AUTH_KEY=secret WORDPRESS_SECURE_AUTH_KEY=secret WORDPRESS_LOGGED_IN_KEY=secret WORDPRESS_NONCE_KEY=secret WORDPRESS_AUTH_SALT=secret WORDPRESS_SECURE_AUTH_SALT=secret WORDPRESS_LOGGED_IN_SALT=secret WORDPRESS_NONCE_SALT=secret
Next, we'll define BitTorrent Sync service. But first, we'll need to create a secret key that is shared between out btsync clients. You can create the secret key from your command line like this:
$ docker run -i --rm --entrypoint=/usr/bin/btsync jakolehm/btsync:latest --generate-secret
This will generate you with the secret key you can use with your btsync setup. Now, let's define the btsync service:
wordpress-btsync: image: jakolehm/btsync:latest volumes_from: - "wordpress-cluster-wordpress-%%s" environment: - SYNC_DIR=/var/www/html/wp-content instances: 3 command: "YOUR_SECRET_KEY_HERE"
What is defined here is that we want three instances of btsync service so that each container instance will follow one of the WordPress containers. This is done by setting volumes_from option to wordpress-cluster-wordpress-%%s .
So far we have defined WordPress service, but in order to route traffic correctly, some load balancing is still needed. Let's add another haproxy service here and scale it up to three instances and link our WordPress service to it. Also port 80 is exposed so our haproxy service will listen standard http port on a host node:
wordpress-ha: image: kontena/haproxy:latest instances: 3 ports: - 80:80 links: - wordpress:wordpress-cluster-wordpress environment: - BALANCE=source
This completes our high availablity WordPress site setup. See the final kontena.yml file.
Deploy
You can deploy your whole application with just single command:
$ kontena deploy
After the application is deployed we can reach it with a web browser:
http://some_node_ip_address
You might want to configure a domain name and point it to all host nodes.
Checking Stats and Logs
When application is deployed, stats and logs can be seen by following commands:
$ kontena service stats wordpress-cluster-wordpress $ kontena service logs wordpress-cluster-wordpress
Get this example project from Github.
Credits: Lauri Nevala for writing the first draft of this article! Jari Kolehmainen for finding that amazing photo and btsync secret generation via docker :)
Image credits: The Art of Wordpress by StartBloggingOnline.com.
DENVER — Mark Few stood outside the Gonzaga locker room Saturday after their Bulldogs had mopped the court with yet another opponent from a supposedly stronger conference.
Few's 11th-seeded Bulldogs had routed Utah, a third seed out of the Pacific-12, by 82-59.
On Thursday, Gonzaga, from the West Coast Conference, defeated the Big East champion, Seton Hall, by 68-52, a victory that in some ways was made more surprising because of what the Pirates represented.
With a late-season run and a program dominated by New York City players, Seton Hall became a symbol of a reconfigured, resurgent Big East, where basketball is once again king.
Few had monitored the rebuilding process after the Big East's disastrous flirtation with football decimated what was perhaps the nation's pre-eminent basketball conference. Like so many basketball purists who admired the Big East, Few was disappointed by the league's football-related implosion.
HILLARY CLINTON has been on a high since the party conventions in July. While Donald Trump continued the slump that began at their own shambolic convention, the Democratic nominee has risen to the top of almost every national and swing-state poll. But Mrs Clinton is too flawed a candidate to enjoy an easy ride to the White House for long: 60% of Americans think they are untrustworthy. They were bound to stumble; equally predictably, this has been precipitated by the undying scandal over their e-mail habits as secretary of state.
On August 22nd, it was revealed that the FBI had collected 15,000 more pages of e-mails in its investigation into Mrs Clinton's use of a private server for work-related e-mails. They are in addition to the 30,000-odd pages they had already handed over to the FBI in 2014. In July the agency concluded they had been “extremely careless” in their use of a private server but should not be charged with any offence. It has said it doesn't believe the new batch, which it found in various computer archives and on Mrs Clinton's server, had been “intentionally deleted”. But this will not save the Democratic nominee a deal more trouble.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The additional e-mails came to light in one of several lawsuits being aimed at Mrs Clinton by Judicial Watch, a right-wing group that wants to make their e-mails public. A district judge has scheduled a September 23rd hearing on when to release the latest batch, which suggest some, at least, could be made published shortly before the election.
Perhaps even more damaging however, was the release, the same day, of hundreds of e-mails written to and by Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide; some show that donors to the Clinton Foundation had uncomfortably good access to the State Department during Mrs Clinton's time there. The e-mails were published by Judicial Watch, which obtained them via a lawsuit. They show that the Clinton Foundation—which has long looked like a potential liability for Mrs Clinton's campaign—tried to nudge the secretary of state into helping it out. They include, for example, a request by Douglas Band, a worker from the organisation, for Mrs Clinton to meet Bahrain's crown prince, whose family has given millions of dollars to the foundation. “Good friend of ours”, wrote Mr Band. A meeting was set up.
In one of the e-mails Ms Abedin said the request had also been made through official channels; in other e-mails they repeatedly state that donors must go through these channels. The e-mails show that on many occasions, donors did not get what they wanted. And they provide no explicit evidence that Mrs Clinton gave preferential treatment to the family foundation's donors. But at the least they have revealed embarrassingly friendly links where there should have been none.
On August 24th, the Associated Press, a news agency, published a story in which it said that its analysis of State Department calendars showed that at least 85 of 154 people from private interests that Mrs Clinton had met or talked to while they were secretary of state gave money—as much as $156m in total—personally or via groups, to the Clinton Foundation. Mrs Clinton told CNN the story was "a lot of smoke and there's no fire.” AP, they said, had "looked at a small portion of my time" as secretary of state and had concluded that meetings with various figures were connected to the foundation rather than their work.
The problem for Mrs Clinton is that it is not enough for them to be exonerated of serious (or even any) wrongdoing. Arguably, they already have been by the FBI over their e-mails. So long as their opponents can find any fresh morsel of the scandal to keep it alive they will be able to remind voters why so many do not trust them Reince Priebus, the chairperson of the Republican National Committee, is doing this. “Hillary Clinton seems incapable of telling the truth,” they said in a statement. There will be plenty more attempts to portray Mrs Clinton as deceitful before November. Steve Bannon, Mr Trump's new campaign manager, is a co-founder of the Government Accountability Institute. Its work produced a book, “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.”
Long distracted by scandals of their own, Mr Trump has also piled in. The Clinton Foundation, they declared, was “the most corrupt enterprise in political history”. They called for the foundation to be shut down, and for a special prosecutor to be appointed.
More modestly, on August 22nd, Bill Clinton sent an e-mail to Clinton Foundation workers and supporters saying the organisation would stop accepting corporate and foreign donations if Mrs Clinton became president and that they would step down from the board. That is a good idea; they should have made the changes effective immediately.
BUFFALO, N.Y. -- The City of Buffalo is now in the home-buying business, thanks to a new state law giving it super-bidding power to purchase foreclosed homes. With that comes questions about if the city's new power will lead to more gentrification in Buffalo.
"Buffalo has become a very, very hot real estate market. People want to buy in the City of Buffalo and there is tremendous speculator activity," said Mayor Byron Brown, D-Buffalo.
The speculators Brown refers to are potential buyers from around the world who want to snatch up real estate in the city. The new law recently signed by the governor giving the city the power to make bids on foreclosed properties, according to Brown, will allow the city to keep out-of-town buyers from dominating the market.
"Right now, the city does not own any residential homes, so this is the first time in a long time that the city is acquiring absentee residential homes for the purpose of helping people who live in those neighborhoods become homeowners," Brown said.
After the city buys the homes, Brown says clubs will be formed throughout the city to help homebuyers pre-qualify and prepare for homeownership.
Concerns about gentrification, especially on Buffalo's East side, still continue from some in the community. Activists say the City should not act as the middle man in real estate transactions.
"It just didn't stop people from out-of-town and foreigners from buying the houses, it's also preventing the people in the community from buying that land as well," said Mercedes Wright, a member of Young Visionaries, a community activist group.
Brown attended an emergency town hall meeting on the city's east side to clear up any misinformation. They say the city is trying to help, not hurt, existing neighborhoods.
"What they should be fearful of is that speculators from outside of this community purchased far more homes in this foreclosure process than the city was able to acquire," said Brown.
Wright says they'd like to see a land trust formed for the properties on Buffalo's east side. They're also planning to hold another town hall meeting on Nov. 4.
"We need a say in this, we need a part. We also need a seat at these things that they're doing. I think that when we vote these people into office, we do it because we trust them but the communication barrier is problem," Wright said.
The City will continue with its plan to put new homeowners in the foreclosed properties its purchased.
Emulators on iOS usually get shut down as soon as Apple's App Store review team catches wind of their existence – usually thanks to news and blog coverage. (Sorry.) But guess who's on holiday break right now? Yep. That's why a new app called Floppy Cloud, which is secretly an NES and Super Nintendo emulator is still available for sale on the iTunes App Store as of this morning. Get it while the getting's good, as they say. Because this app is sure to soon disappear.
Sneaking an emulator onto the App Store has become something of a holiday tradition, Touch Arcade, which was first to spot Floppy Cloud's little secret, points out. Developers know that the app review team takes a holiday break, which means iTunes Connect gets shut down. Anyone wanting to release new apps or updates had to have them in by December 18th, or they were just out of luck. But that also makes it a good time to try to get away with a little something too.
Floppy Cloud is one of many emulators that has found its way onto iOS devices. To name a few: Nescaline only lasted for hours. iMAME was live for a couple of days a couple of years ago, and Awesome Baby Names, which was really a secret Game Boy Advance emulator, was quickly killed off in 2013 as was MyStache, which offered emulators for NES, SNES and Game Boy, and SNES emulator Remote File Manager.
The new app Floppy Cloud claims to offer a way “to connect to remove [sic] services such as Dropbox or an FTP server and preview your files as well as downloading them locally,” according to its grammatically unsound App Store description.
But the app also lets you “manage” .nes (NES ROM) files or .smc (Super Nintendo ROM) files by loading them up in the app in the appropriate emulator directly in the app itself. To use the app, you'll load the file into your Dropbox folder, then select the file you want play. (Redmond Pie has more detailed instructions and screenshots.) The app also supports iCade and MFi controllers, Touch Arcade says, which is great since the games emulators run weren't originally designed for touchscreen devices.
The emulators don't include native support for iPhone 6/6 Plus, but the app is universal.
Floppy Cloud is $1.99 on iTunes for however long it lasts.
Image credits: Touch Arcade
Instagram is expanding its advertising game globally and launching a couple of new capabilities for businesses to take advantage of. The company revealed in a blog post that advertisers can now create video ads of up to 30 seconds, leverage a new premium ad unit that benefits new product launches, and much more. And starting September 30, Instagram Ads will be open to everyone around the world.
Ads started to appear on the popular photo-sharing social network nearly two years ago, starting with fashion designer brand Michael Kors. And since that time, Instagram has made efforts to ensure that it is protecting the consumer experience — or at least this is what Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg remarked during the company's second quarter earnings call.
Different types of ads have appeared, including carousel and video-based. No one has seemed to complain about them interfering with the user experience. Until now, Instagram has managed who has had access to advertise on the social network, but the floodgates will soon be knocked down. Starting this month, the company says that “advertisers both large and small” will be able to run campaigns on the service. Ads are also available in more than 30 new countries, including Italy, Spain, Mexico, India, and South Korea and changes will go worldwide in just a few weeks.
By that time, advertisers will be able to take advantage of new capabilities, including longer video ads. Before they were limited to just 15 seconds, but now ads can be twice as long — the length of an average television commercial — so brands should be able to adequately tell their story.
In addition, there's a new ad type that Instagram calls Marquee. It's a premium unit that should “help drive mass awareness and expanded reach in a short time-frame.” This particular ad type is available in image, video, carousel, image link, and video link format. From what we're told, it's designed to be “high visibility, single-day campaigns” that have multiple pieces of creative to help build awareness. Instagram says marquees are perfect for movie premieres and new product launches.
Some other updates Instagram is making available to advertisers include support for landscape photos and videos to give ads a more cinematic feel. Landscape media was recently made available to consumers as well, when the service suddenly shifted away from its iconic square format. Also, new delivery and optimization tools will be available for brands looking to enhance their campaigns.
Instagram is definitely touting the success of its Ads program, saying that it has helped to generate “strong branding results.” In fact, 97 percent of the campaigns measured by the company have generated “significant lifts in ad recall.”
So advertisers, get ready to divert some of your marketing dollars to Instagram because soon the doors will fly open and everyone will be able to peddle their wares on the popular social platform.
CNN's Brian Stelter recently said, “We don't see CNN or the New York Times rooting for any president, whether a Democrat or Republican.”
To highlight how absurd this claim is, here are multiple examples of CNN brazenly “rooting” for Hillary Clinton.
In October the head of the DNC and former CNN contributor Donna Brazile was caught giving Hillary Clinton debate questions they received from the network.
CNN Caught Covering Up Hillary Cheating at Debates
Another example of direct support for Hillary Clinton from the globalist media network can be seen in the following clip where CNN anchor Chris Cuomo says, “we couldn't help them any more than we have.”
CNN Admits Collusion With Hillary Clinton
CNN once put a glowing gold filter over a video of Hillary Clinton to portray them as a glowing angel of light.
CNN Video: Hillary, A Golden God. Ready Your Barf bags
The network claimed Hillary Clinton won a presidential debate, but they were called out for using a weighted survey that sampled 41 percent Democrats compared to 26 percent Republicans.
CNN Caught Rigging Polls For Hillary Clinton
CNN blatantly cut off a reporter who dared to point out how hypocritical it is for Hillary Clinton to pretend to care about the black community after them and their husband helped shape the laws that put so many minorities in prison.
CNN Cuts Off Reporter After They Call Out Hillary's Hypocrisy
In light of this information it should not be a surprise that CNN wasn't invited to a recent press gaggle or that Trump just canceled the correspondence dinner.
Trump Kicks CNN Out Of White House / Cancels Correspondence Dinner
I need the Birdie advice.Looking back, I can tell that I'm too obsessed with constantly using Birdie's V-Skill at bad moments, which go punished. Also, I was jumping too much, which is interesting since I usually don't do that with Birdie, since he's probably one of the worst characters to do that with.There was one time where I clearly saw the jump-in, did cr.MP, and it whiffed since they were slightly far, and then they got a full combo. Pisses me off. Birdie had one of the best AA options in the game thanks to that button in S1, but now there are distances where an opponent can jump in on you and you can't do anything, because cr.MP won't reach and cr.HP is too slow and they're not quite far enough for you to see it coming. I think it's why Bull Horn is very important as an AA tool for this character now. I have to watch their feet more and keep that charge.
Add Port Knocking to SSH for Extra Security
Written by Mark Sanborn: Apr 2, 2008
SSH by default is very strong. It has protection against various hacks and known vulnerabilities. For instance SSH has a password retry wait time of five seconds. This makes the time for brute force attacking an SSH server very long and probably not effective. However, sometimes script kiddies will fork their hacking program making multiple processes of the brute force attack. Sometimes they are able to fork it off upwards of 1000 attempts every 5 seconds. This drastically minimizes the time to crack short passwords. If you think your users may have weak short passwords you may consider using public key authentication instead of passwords.
Fortuantely SSH comes with a limit on how many connections you allow at once. I believe the default configuration only allows for 40 connections. This along with public key authentication should be enough security to ward of any intrusion attempts. But, what if there was a better way? What if there was a way for the SSH server to appear to not exist?
Well you can make SSH appear to not exist by simply changing the default port to a random port, maybe port 1027. Since port 1027 is not a known SSH port people at first glance will not associate it with an SSH server. However, modern day port scanners can tell not only what ports are open but they can also tell the intruder what service is running on that port. Some port scanners can even list all known vulnerabilities for that service. In fact this is how almost all worms spread themselves. They scan for known open ports and then run a plethora of scripts to attempt to exploit the running service.
With knowledge of the specific port and service that is open, hackers have what they need to start looking for exploits, vulnerabilites or ways to brute force attack your service or in this case SSH server.
This is where the beauty of port knocking comes in. With port knocking you block all incomming traffic to all ports, or in this case SSH. Now when someone tries to do a port scan on port 22 or any other port for that matter they will see absolutely nothing. It will be like the computer doesn't exist. Even YOU cannot connect to the SSH server on port 22. All requests will be denied.
How do I gain access then?
You will use a knockd server on the remote server running SSH that will monitor all ports at the link layer. It will be waiting for a special “knock”. It will be waiting for you to attempt to gain access to X amount of ports within X seconds. The definition of a valid knock is arbitrary, and up to the implementer. A knock might be, a syn packet sent to these closed ports:
Port 3000, 3001, 8000, 7555 within 4 seconds.
If anyone does the specified knock within the designated time they will be allowed temporary access to port 22 for their IP address. Once the port is opened it doesn't mean you have access to that computer. You will still have to then connect via SSH and login with your password or private key. Port knocking is just an added layer of protection. It is not intended to be a replacement for authentication.
Although port knocking is awesome technology it is not for services that are intended for public use. Its more for remote administrators that want to access the server without exposing ports generally for private use.
Setting it up on FreeBSD 7.0
`# cd /usr/ports/security/knock
make install clean`
Create edit /usr/local/etc/knockd.conf
[options] logfile = /var/log/knockd.log interface = xl0 [openSSH] sequence = 7000,8000,9000 seq_timeout = 5 command = /sbin/ipfw -q add 00101 pass proto tcp src-ip %IP% dst-port 22 tcpflags = syn [closeSSH] sequence = 9000,8000,7000 seq_timeout = 5 command = /sbin/ipfw -q delete 00101 pass proto tcp src-ip %IP% dst-port 22 tcpflags = syn
Now edit your /etc/rc.conf and add these three lines to turn the firewall on
# Enable Firewal firewall_enable="YES" firewall_type="open"
Available values for firewall_type:
open – pass all traffic. client – will protect only this machine. simple – protect the whole network. closed – entirely disables IP traffic except for the loopback interface. UNKNOWN – disables the loading of firewall rules. filename – absolute path of file containing firewall rules.
_Note: If you don't specify the firewall type it will default to deny all. This is basically like turning of your internet. We don't usually want this so set it to open for now. Later you will want to make a file with your specific settings._
Now do a reboot.
When it is rebooting you should now see something like this:
ipfw2 initialized, divert disabled, rule-based forwarding disabled, open, logging disabled
Type this in as root to add a firewall rule on the fly:
ipfw -q add 00102 deny tcp from any to any 22
This will block all incoming traffic to port 22.
You can now test to make sure. Try to open up an SSH connection from another machine. If you get a network error or connection refused the firewall is working.
Now you need to make sure you can open that port by knocking. Make sure knockd is started by typing as root:
knockd
Now according to our /usr/local/etc/knockd.conf it will run the following command when we do a successful port knock:
/sbin/ipfw -q add 00101 pass proto tcp src-ip %IP% dst-port 22
Notice how the number is 00101. This comes before our previous rule we put in that had the number, 00102. You see, ipfw checks rule number one if it passes it goes to the next rule and so on until it reaches the end of the config file.
You can look at your current firewall rules by typing:
# ipfw list
Setting it up on Linux
Since installation of knock will determine by your distribution's package management software and configuring knockd is pretty much the same in Linux I won't go into detail. For Debian based systems it should be something like this:
apt-get install knockd
The configuration file for knockd will most likely be in /etc/
The other difference between Linux and FreeBSD is that linux by default usually uses iptables as their firewall instead of ipfw. So you will need to modify your knock config file to have iptables commands instead of ipfw commands.
[options] logfile = /var/log/knockd.log [SSH] sequence = 7000,8000,9000 seq_timeout = 5 command = /sbin/iptables -A INPUT -s %IP% -p tcp --dport 22 -j ACCEPT tcpflags = syn cmd_timeout = 10 stop_command = /sbin/iptables -D INPUT -s %IP% -p tcp --dport 22 -j ACCEPT
Doing the Knocking from Windows
To do the knocking for Windows I usually use KnockKnock. Run KnockKnock.exe you should get something like this:
You should now be able to connect with PuTTY.
If you do a ipfw list you should see something similar to this:
00100 allow ip from any to any via lo0 00101 allow ip from any to any proto tcp src-ip 192.168.1.103 dst-port 22 00102 deny tcp from any to any dst-port 22 00200 deny ip from any to 127.0.0.0/8 00300 deny ip from 127.0.0.0/8 to any 65000 allow ip from any to any 65535 deny ip from any to any
Notice how it only opened port 22 to my ip only, not to the entire world.
Need to print shipping labels on your site?
Checkout my product RocketShipIt for simple easy-to-use developer tools for UPS™ FedEx™ USPS™ and more.
Citizens of Saudi Arabia who fight in conflicts outside the kingdom could receive prison sentences ranging from three to 20 years in jail.
Saudi king Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz issued a royal decree on Monday, which says that any Saudi citizen who join "extremist religious and ideological groups, or those classified as terrorist organisations".
Supporting such groups, adopting their ideology or promoting them "through speech or writing" would also incur prison sentences, the decree added
The decree appeared aimed at stemming the flow of Saudi fighters going to Syria, which is believed to have drawn hundreds of young Saudis, and has worried some in the kingdom that fighters could return radicalised.
Foreign fighters in Syria
The decree said it is the Saudi government's duty to block actions and language that harm public security and stability by exposing the nation to danger and "damaging the status of the kingdom" Islamically, internationally and among Arabs.
The jail terms increase to five to 30 years for members of militaries who serve as officers.
Many young Saudi men appear to have been encouraged to join the fight in Syria.
The uprising against President Bashar al-Assad has transformed into a regional proxy war between Iran and Saudi Arabia, which support opposing sides. Foreign fighters have infiltrated the opposition, triggering infighting that has undermined the rebellion.
Saudi officials and key high-level Muslim leaders have largely spoken out against young Saudis joining the fight.
While the Saudi government backs some rebel opposition groups in Syria with weapons and aid, officials say Riyadh does not fund al-Qaeda-linked groups.
The royal decree was issued only two days after a sweeping new anti-terrorism law went into effect.
Guided by Voices
After breaking up Guided By Voices in 2004, Robert Pollard recently reunited the "classic" GBV line-up for a short tour. Tobin Sprout (guitar) Charles "Mitch" Mitchell (guitar), Greg Demos (bass) and Kevin Fennel (drums) will be joining Pollard on classic GBV songs from 1992-1996 from the albums Propeller, Bee A Thousand, Alien Lanes and Under The Bushes, Under The Stars.
Since GBV's breakup, their 1994 album Bee A Thousand was heralded by Amazon.com at the top of their list (#1) of the "100 Greatest Indie Rock Albums Of All Time" and Spin magazine picked the record as #26 in the "Top Records of the Past 25 Years."
"If Matador at 21 were a game, Guided by Voices would've won -- they earned the most encores, the most fist pumping, the most singalongs, the most pushing against the stage and the most chanting of the whole weekend." - L.A Times
"Guided By Voices capped the (Matador) weekend with an amazing high-energy set..." - Rolling Stone
"Pollard's hooks have always ranked among rock's best." - Wall Street Jourmal
"Since late 2008 or so, Pollard has enjoyed a late-career renaissance, consistently rewarding those of us still paying attenion." - Pitchfork
Practically everywhere you turn, you see — or smell — a food truck in Austin. Austin's food truck movement has spawned the Austin Food Trailer Alliance and has generated heaps of media coverage. The food truck sector even has become a selling point for Austin tourism.
“What started in the early '90s as a not-so-humble hot-dog stand has blossomed into a citywide movement,” according to the Austin Convention & Visitors Bureau. “All over town, chefs are eschewing sit-down establishments and serving inexpensive, unpretentious cuisine whipped up in the back of refurbished Airstreams and concession trailers.”
Food Network is scouring the city to find would-be entrepreneurs for new show Food Truck Face Off.
The food truck scene in Austin is so hot, in fact, that Food Network is scouring the city to find would-be food truck entrepreneurs for a new TV show called Food Truck Face Off.
Casting professional Brad Burton said he's seeking eight “dynamic duos” in Austin who've never owned a food truck or restaurant. Those duos could include home chefs, line cooks, foodies, bakers or recent culinary school grads.
“The teams should be duos with great chemistry and a shared desire to co-own their very first food truck,” according to a casting notice for the show.
Four teams will square off in each of two Austin episodes. The prize? A one-year lease on a customized food truck.
“We are looking for everything from great ideas to branding to fun, outgoing people with a great idea for a food truck,” Burton said.
Invitation-only auditions will be held Wednesday, February 5, in Austin. To be considered, visit this website to fill out the application.
Burton said that aside from Austin, the premiere season of Food Truck Face Off is being shot in Miami, Los Angeles and Toronto. The show is scheduled to debut later this year.
Doc Rivers on being introduced as the Clippers head coach: 'I couldn't have asked for a better day.' (Photo11: Jayne Kamin-Oncea, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights 'I couldn't have asked for a better day,' Rivers says of being introduced as Clipper coach
Blake Griffin 'puts in hard minutes and hard time in the summer,' Rivers says
'I had nine wonderful years in Boston,' Rivers says
Doc Rivers has heard all the hype, the chatter about how their addition as Los Angeles Clippers coach turns them into instant title contenders and may be the most impactful move of the offseason.
But after their stunning exit from Boston that left so many Celtics fans feeling spurned as they enter a rebuilding stage, Rivers doesn't need a reminder that they can't do this alone. They remember the 2004-05 and 2005-06 seasons in Beantown, when their teams went a combined 78-86 and no one was deeming them coaching royalty as they so often do now.
And they certainly remember that July day in 2007 when they took part in an even splashier news conference than the one had by the Clippers on Wednesday: Kevin Garnett was introduced as a member of the Celtics after they were traded from Minnesota, the original Big Three was born with Paul Pierce and Ray Allen, and their run that included the 2008 title and constant contention would follow soon thereafter. As Rivers begins this challenge of turning these Clippers players into champions, they spoke with USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday about their new life in Los Angeles that he's so thrilled about, how this team compares to their old one, whether he's at peace with the way their departure from Boston was perceived and their thoughts on their replacement, new Celtics coach Brad Stevens.
Q: Doc, you've been a part of big splashes before, and I have to imagine that as Chris (Paul) and those guys were introduced (at the Wednesday press conference in Los Angeles) that the presser with KG crossed your mind at some point. Does this experience remind you of that one at all in terms of the major makeover and instant expectation?
A: "Well, Chris is going to be a Hall of Famer, and so should Blake (Griffin) and DJ (DeAndre Jordan), hopefully, but we were getting (surefire future Hall of Famers). Paul was and Ray and Kevin are, so in that terms, that day is bigger just because of those three guys. You just don't bring those three guys together very often. This was neater in one way in that it was more about the key guys, signing Chris back, bringing Matt back, and getting Darren Collison and JJ Redick and Jared Dudley, it's more that we're building this team, and that was a great message … I couldn't have asked for a better day."
Q: So let's talk about this new team of yours. We're all so guilty of over-hyping teams so often, so what's realistic about what folks should expect the Clippers to accomplish and what's fair in terms of where you set that bar?
A: "You know, I don't yet. I know what I think we can be, and I think we have a realistic chance of being the winner at the end of the year. But what I don't know yet, and one of the things that I found that was interesting when we got Kevin, Paul and Ray together, was that they were over themselves. It was time for them to focus on one aspect of their career, and only one, and that was winning. This is a younger team. This is a younger group. And so I think it will be really interesting to find out, 'Do you want to stand out, or do you want to win?' For young guys, that's hard to understand that if you win, you do stand out. Or, you can stand out alone and you'll get a lot of accolades, but you won't win and that's an individual thing. For us, and I don't know our guys yet, but for the young ones – that's DeAndre, Blake, and Chris – that'll be the key is sacrificing even some of their games for the good of the win. And that's what – if we can get that right, then I think we're going to be really good. That's why Matt (Barnes) signed back. And I think that's why JJ Redick wanted to join the team. That's why (Jared) Dudley was so excited, because they've been through it. JJ Redick was in the Finals their second year, and they probably assumed he'd be there every year. And now they realize how hard it is to just get to the Finals. Forget winning it, to just get there is hard. I know the guys on this team who haven't been there don't understand how hard that is, but having JJ and a couple of other guys, they know how hard it is and that's important."
PHOTOS: TOP 20 FREE AGENTS
Q: For all the talk of the new additions, there are plenty of folks who feel like Blake's ability to keep improving will be as big a factor as there is for you guys. What's your early read on them and do you have much of a relationship with him?
A: "I don't have a relationship with any of them. I'm having relationships with them now. I'm taking DJ out to dinner tonight, I'm going to meet Blake tomorrow, so my impressions of them so far have been fantastic. I met with Blake and DJ yesterday, and they've come in and worked every day. Just talking to people around the organization, you find out about Blake that their work ethic is just unbelievable. It's incredible. And to me, that only goes one way and that's a positive way. You have a worker, and he's talented, then it's going to work out. That's what you know."
Q: I've heard the same thing about Blake's habits for a while, but to hear you say it puts that on a different level.
A: "No, I watched them through my window yesterday with a couple of our coaches, and I mean they put in hard minutes and hard time in the summer, and that was really nice to watch."
Q: Is that the important stuff right now, just connecting with guys?
A: "Yeah, my job the rest of the summer is just communication – get the message across, get guys to understand what we're in this for and get them ready for it."
Q: I know you're not looking to look backward, but I am wondering: are you comfortable and OK with the way things ended in Boston, the way people look at it and whether people understand the situation? (Rivers had three years and $21 million left on their Celtics contract, but was allowed to leave and sign with the Clippers on a three-year, $21 million deal in exchange for Boston receiving a 2015 first-round draft pick)
A: "I think some people do, and some people don't. But listen, I'm here now, and there's nothing I can do about it. I think it obviously was a very good fit for me being here. My daughter lives here, it was just good for me. I know for a fact that (Celtics general manager) Danny (Ainge) got exactly out of this deal what they wanted to get out of it when they went into it. How it went down will be debated, and I know the truth, you know what I mean? But other than that, I think for the most part the people in Boston know what I gave them. I gave them everything I had and that's all you can do. And then when you make a change, you make a change, and you've got to live with it. Listen, I live by Chuck Daly's famous words, that every decision you make has a 50-50 chance of working. You make it, and you just live on with it. I had nine wonderful years in Boston, from more than just the basketball standpoint.
"Some of my better friends, for the rest of my life now, will be – two or three of my best friends now – are guys who I met since I've been there and who I've probably talked to every day since I've been in LA. … Those are relationships that never go away. Danny and I, we talk – he's playing at my golf club today in Orlando. Listen, fan-wise, I hope they understand. And if they don't, there's nothing I can do with it. Some do, some won't. You know how that works. It was just a wonderful time for me. They treated me like everyone should be treated. I got great treatment there, and that's all I can ask for."
Clippers coach Doc Rivers is joined by other newcomers and players who re-signed. (Photo11: Jayne Kamin-Oncea, USA TODAY Sports)
Q: I've heard you say a couple of times that there are parts of the truth that aren't out there. So what, specifically, do you feel like people don't see?
A: "You know, I don't get into it, and I won't. I think the only thing I keep hearing is that I initiated this, and I really didn't. That's where I think the miscommunication has been in that. But once it was initiated, I definitely pursued it. I thought it was a good thing to pursue for me. But the one thing I didn't do was initiate it. That's not true, so whoever says that – that not true. But once it was communicated to me, I thought, 'Wow, this is a great opportunity. I think I'm going to go for it.' "
Q: There was a win-win component here, it seems, with Danny being able to turn you into an asset to speed up the rebuilding process and then they obviously bring (former Butler coach) Brad (Stevens) in.
A: "I think (the Celtics) have done a hell of a job. I'm a big Stevens fan, have always been. It's funny, I talked to them about a month ago about another (NBA head coaching) job where somebody else was thinking about hiring them and the GM from there called me to talk to Brad to get a feel if they wanted to coach in the NBA."
Q: A head job, or an assistant job?
A: "No, a head job. And then the way it works out, four weeks later, they take my job (laughs). It's funny. I told them that he'd be an excellent NBA coach, and he's ready for it. Whether you want to leave Butler or not, now that's up to you. I said that's a personal situation, and it's funny because I told him, I said, 'I'm going through that right now, and I don't know what I'm going to do.' Maybe the fact they saw me leave, they think, 'Well (expletive), I'm leaving too.'"
Q: You inspired Brad Stevens to leave Butler. So there it is.
A: "Yeah, I hope not. I hope not. I hope they inspire me somehow."
Q: You know I'm dying to know which team it was now, right?
A: "No, no, I can't say. They hired someone else, and it would've be smart to share."
LAHORE: An anti-terrorism court on Monday handed down a collective imprisonment of sixteen and a half years to each of the five accused who attacked a vigil held by civil society to mark 5th death anniversary of Punjab's slain governor Salman Taseer.
The court convicted the suspects ─ Adeel, Furqan, Kashif, Iftikhar and Wazir Ali ─ under five different sections of laws.
Presiding Judge Haroon Latif Khan handed down five-year term to them under section 7 of Anti-Terrorism Act, three and a half years under Section 365 of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC), two years, under Section 149 of PPC, three years under Section 153-A of the PPC and three years under section 148 of the PPC.
The court also imposed Rs40,000 fine on each of the convicts who would have to undergo six-month additional imprisonment for failing to pay the amount.
The court acquitted two accused – Din Muhammad and Sajid – of charges as they were not found guilty.
Trial of the prime suspect, Mumtaz Sindhi, was yet to be completed.
More than a dozen baton-wielding men had attacked the participants in the candlelight vigil held at Liberty Chowk in Lahore to mark the death anniversary of Salman Taseer on Jan 4, 2015.
The attackers tore the banners, pictures and posters displayed at the venue and also thrashed the activists holding the vigil.
They also raised slogans in favour of Mumtaz Qadri, a former police guard who shot dead the then governor in Islamabad for supporting a blasphemy convict, Asia Masih, and was later sentenced to death by an anti-terrorism court.
Fence along drain: The Lahore High Court (LHC) on Monday directed the City District Government of Lahore (CDGL) to construct within 45 days a fence along the Green Town drain.
Justice Shahid Jamil Khan passed the order on a petition filed by Razia Sultana advocate.
The petitioner stated a number of passersby and motorcyclists had fallen into the long open drain of Green Town. Such incidents would increase during the winter due to thick fog at night, they said.
They added the government had constructed the main boulevard of Green Town at a cost of Rs100m but left the low-cost work of the fence along the drain. Nishter Town Tehsil Municipal Officer (TMO) Safiullah appeared before the court on behalf of the government.
Justice Khan directed the TMO to ensure construction of the fence within 45 days and submit a compliance report.
Published in Dawn, July 28th, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
Drew Angerer/Getty Images Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy were trying to push legislation giving the FBI more time to complete background checks on gun sales.
WASHINGTON -- Connecticut's Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy were planning to hold a press conference in early October to push legislation that would prevent licensed dealers from selling a gun without a completed background check. Their bill was a response to the June shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, that killed nine people in church. The shooter, Dylann Roof, was able to purchase their .45-caliber Glock pistol even though the FBI hadn't finished their background check.
Then, Chris Harper Mercer killed 10 people and wounded nine at a community college in Oregon. Blumenthal and Murphy called off the press conference.
"We planned to announce it, then the shooting occurred, and we had to postpone it because the perception would have been inappropriate," Blumenthal told The Huffington Post. "We decided that we should be expressing sympathy, which we sincerely felt at the time, rather than advocating a particular policy position."
Any momentum the Democrats' legislation could have picked up from the Charleston shooting was lost, since the guns in the Oregon rampage were purchased legally. The two are familiar with the cycle of massacre followed by no reform: Even after 20 first-graders and six educators were killed in Newtown, Connecticut, on Dec. 14, 2012, legislation to require background checks for private gun sales failed in the Senate several months later.
"One of the problems is that the common question about any proposal is, 'Would that have prevented that tragedy?' -- so there's sort of a mentality or a mindset that proposals have to fit the last mass shooting," Blumenthal said. "But of course the mass shootings continue to occur tragically and unnecessarily. We need to view the issue in totality, to work toward preventing these tragedies whenever and wherever they occur."
In South Carolina, the loophole that Blumenthal and Murphy's legislation would have addressed might well have prevented Roof from obtaining their weapon. At the time Roof was arrested in February on an unrelated matter, they admitted to using drugs illegally. An admission of illegal drug use counts among the factors that disqualifies someone from purchasing a gun from a licensed dealer.
But due to various data entry errors and inter-agency miscommunications, the FBI didn't see Roof's arrest record when they set out to buy the Glock pistol. Federal law says that if the FBI is unable to complete a background check within three business days, the gun dealer may complete the transaction, which is what happened in Roof's case.
Republicans seized on the news that bureaucratic errors on the part of local law enforcement and the FBI had contributed to Roof's ability to buy a gun, using those failures to divert discussion about giving law enforcement more time to complete a check.
"It's disastrous that this bureaucratic mistake prevented existing laws from working and blocking an illegal gun sale," Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), chairperson of the Judiciary Committee, said in a statement at the time. "The facts undercut attempts to use the tragedy to enact unnecessary gun laws. The American people, and especially the victims' families, deserve better."
Rep. James Clyburn (D-S.C.) rejected that sort of non-response by introducing the Background Check Completion Act. Their bill, which would stop retailers from selling guns before the background check is complete, has 49 Democratic cosponsors. Some retailers, including Walmart, already exercise their discretion by waiting for a definitive go-ahead from the FBI before completing a gun sale. Clyburn's bill would make this a required practice for all licensed dealers.
"Every time a piece of legislation comes up regarding guns, the first thing Republicans say is, 'Well, that would not have prevented this from happening,'" Clyburn told HuffPost. "They cannot argue that fixing the law would not have made a difference -- it would have made a difference. They cannot say that about Charleston."
Roof's ability to buy a firearm despite their record illustrates a broader national problem. According to the FBI, more than 2,500 guns were sold in 2014 to people who should have been barred from purchasing a weapon. Since 2010, the three-day deadline for background checks has let gun retailers proceed with over 15,000 sales to individuals who were later found ineligible to purchase a firearm.
The three-day limit, in effect since 1998, was a choice made to appease gun rights advocates and the National Rifle Association. Before the National Instant Criminal Background Check System was implemented that year, the local law enforcement officers who handled background checks had five days to make the call as to the purchaser's eligibility. Now, Justice Department guidelines require NICS reviewers to make an immediate decision in 90 percent of cases.
"As the Charleston shooting rampage painfully shows, there are some cases where more time to investigate before a firearm is transferred would mean more lives saved," the National Law Enforcement Partnership to Prevent Gun Violence said in a July statement.
Recognizing that three days isn't always enough time to complete a background check and that waiting periods can also help prevent impulsive acts of violence, nine states and the District of Columbia require waiting periods for some or all types of gun sales. But other states have decided that waiting periods are unnecessary: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) signed a repeal of their state's 48-hour waiting period just a week after the Charleston shooting.
Giving the FBI more time to complete a background check may save some people thinking of suicide. In states that have background check requirements for both licensed and private gun sales, the rate of suicide by gun is lower than the rates of suicide by other means. Roughly 20,000 of the 30,000 people killed by guns in America each year kill themselves.
Mark Glaze, former executive director of the advocacy group Everytown for Gun Safety, said that lifting the background check deadline or imposing a waiting period for gun sales could reduce the incidence of suicide. But proponents can't point to a wealth of research supporting that assertion because Congress, backed by the NRA, passed an amendment restricting federal funding for gun-related research in 1996.
"It's intuitive, but there's good reason to think that a waiting period will reduce the number of suicides because for many it's an impulsive act. Because of the NRA's bar on research, there isn't a ton of evidence to support what we suspect is true," Glaze told HuffPost.
A study published this year by professors at Johns Hopkins University found that Connecticut's suicide rate fell after it required licensing for gun purchases in 1995. The study also found that Missouri's suicide rate increased after it repealed a similar law in 2007. Additional research could create more momentum for policy change.
Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images Children place flowers outside Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, where nine churchgoers were shot dead during Bible study on June 17.
A waiting period for gun sales might also prevent more domestic abusers from purchasing guns. Lindsay Nichols, a senior staff attorney at the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, noted that a misdemeanor assault doesn't disqualify someone from buying a gun unless it involved domestic violence, but the record doesn't always indicate which misdemeanors are which.
"Very often, a domestic violence abuser is convicted of assault, and the record doesn't say whether it was a domestic assault or not, so it's up to the state to provide information about the case to make that determination," Nichols said. "That can be really difficult and sometimes the information just doesn't get to the FBI in time."
In South Carolina, local gun control advocates are pushing for lengthier and more thorough background checks. They have public opinion on their side: A September poll found that 80 percent of South Carolinians favor legislation requiring that a background check be complete before a would-be gun buyer can take the firearm home.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has included fixing the background check deadline in their package of gun control proposals. But such policy discussions kept getting postponed by mass shooting upon mass shooting. After Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people at a holiday office party in San Bernardino, California, Democrats jumped at the opportunity to attack Republicans over their opposition to legislation introduced by Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) that would prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns.
The focus on the no-fly list, and away from background checks, is frustrating for Clyburn.
"That's what's got me upset more than anything else," they said. "Dylann Roof was not on the terrorist watch list -- they probably should have been on it, because he's a terrorist, no question about that -- but you're not going to solve this problem of the Dylann Roofs of the world with the terrorist watch list."
Also on HuffPost:
(‘Brother Square-Toes'—Rewards and Fairies)
If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise:
If you can dream—and not make dreams your master;
If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,
And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools:
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them: ‘Hold on!'
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
Or walk with Kings—nor lose the common touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,
If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds' worth of distance run,
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,
And—which is more—you'll be a Man, my son!
The revised GOP ObamaCare replacement bill is testing the promises that centrist Republicans have made during the legislative debate.
Several moderate Republican senators previously raised alarm with an amendment from Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) that they worried would undermine protections for people with pre-existing conditions. They also expressed opposition to the deep Medicaid cuts in the bill.
Now, the Cruz amendment has been included in the bill and the Medicaid cuts remain, putting centrists on the spot.
So far, Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) is the only moderate to oppose the measure, with the others saying they are undecided and still reviewing it.
Whether leaders can flip these moderate Republican senators will decide whether the bill lives or dies. Collins and conservative Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) have already announced their opposition, so one more “no” vote would sink the bill.
Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) has been one of the most vocal Republicans on the issue of protecting people with pre-existing conditions, touting the “Jimmy Kimmel test,” that no one should be denied care.
They praised the previous version of the bill, which did not include the Cruz amendment, as being “very cognizant of pre-existing conditions.”
Cassidy says they are still reviewing and making up their mind about the revised bill.
The Cruz provision would allow insurers to sell plans that do not meet ObamaCare's requirements, including the ban on discriminating against people with pre-existing conditions. Conservatives argue this would allow younger and healthier people to buy cheaper plans.
Moderates and many health experts, though, warn that only sick people would remain in the more generous ObamaCare plans, leading to price spikes for people with pre-existing conditions. That dynamic could make coverage prohibitively expensive for some.
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa) warned earlier this month that the Cruz amendment could be “subterfuge to get around pre-existing conditions [protections],” according to Iowa Public Radio.
Now that the amendment has been included, Grassley's office says they are studying the bill and awaiting an analysis from the Congressional Budget Office that is scheduled for release on Monday.
The revised bill does include $70 billion aimed at helping bring down costs for people with pre-existing conditions remaining in the ObamaCare plans.
But the inclusion of the amendment appears to break from the previous GOP line that protections for people with pre-existing conditions were not being touched.
“We're not going to do anything to change the current law when it comes to pre-existing conditions, I know which is a big concern with the House bill,” Sen. John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas), the No. 2 Senate Republican, said last month.
Separately, moderates had also objected to the Medicaid cuts in the initial Senate bill. The language ended funds for ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion in 2024 and imposed a lower cap on Medicaid spending starting in 2025.
Those cuts remain in the newer version of the bill, though the new measure does add $45 billion in additional funding for opioid abuse treatment.
Moderates such as Sen. Shelley Moore Capito Shelley Wellons Moore CapitoDems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants GOP senator: Border deal is 'a very good compromise' Push to include contractor back pay in funding deal hits GOP roadblock MORE (R-W.Va.) had previously said that opioid funding was not enough to win their support for the bill and that they needed Medicaid changes as well.
“More opioid funding would be very good and very beneficial, but the core for me is the Medicaid provision,” Capito said last month.
Capito says they are reviewing the latest bill and waiting for the CBO analysis.
Other senators have taken even stronger positions in defense of ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion.
"You have to protect Medicaid expansion states. That's what I want," Sen. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (R-Nev.) said at a press conference last month announcing their opposition to the original bill in strong terms.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (R-Alaska), who is also still reviewing the bill, likewise said last month that, “my position on Medicaid expansion and my support for it hasn't changed.”
Some of the moderates have suggested their concerns with the Cruz amendment have been eased by the fact that the language does not repeal ObamaCare's requirement that there be a single “risk pool,” helping prevent the market from splitting in two — one for healthy people in cheaper plans, and one for sick people in expensive plans.
“There are some other issues but there is an attempt at a single risk pool,” Cassidy said of the Cruz amendment on Thursday.
However, experts dispute that there would, in practice, be a single market if the amendment became law.
Sabrina Corlette, a professor at Georgetown University's Health Policy Institute, said the requirement for a single risk pool is an “illusory requirement,” and that in effect, sick people would be in a separate pool and “have to pay a heck of a lot more.”
Joe Antos, a healthcare expert at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute, agreed that the market would in effect be split into healthy and sick pools under the amendment, and argued that there is not enough money in the bill to make coverage affordable for people left in the sick pool, where the plans still comply with the ObamaCare regulations.
“You have to pour a lot more money into the compliant plans to make this work,” Antos said.
It is possible that more moderates will announce their opposition after reviewing the bill, though they will be under intense pressure from leaders to support it.
“It's 172 pages, guys,” Heller told reporters on the way to their car on Thursday. “So I've got a weekend of reading.”
The artistic curtain has once again risen on a historic Downtown treasure.
What began a century ago as the Rialto Theater -- and in turn became the Chief Theatre and then the Runyon Theater -- is now home to Spirit House Cabaret.
Brian Palomar and Keith Avery, owners of the Downtown Bar and Starlite Diner in Central Plaza, have re-imagined the space as a classy dance club, performing arts venue and social gathering spot.
After the Runyon Theater went dark in December of last year, Avery said they and Palomar began toying with the idea of using the site to provide Puebloans with a safe and upscale clubbing and dancing experience.
"We wanted to do something different for the community, to bring a place for live music, burlesque and dance, all within a safe environment," Avery said.
After a lease was secured in March, the process of prepping the building, specifically the interior, for opening night began.
"It was a lot of work," Avery explained. "A lot of cleaning and painting, mostly cosmetic rather than structural in nature."
In addition to a new sound system and refurbished main bar, a dance floor, flanked by VIP lounges, was installed on the third, or top, level.
A closed-off space previously used for storage.
Work was done on the ceiling, including upgrading the fire sprinkler system, with the entire interior, including the lobby bar, given a new red and black with silver trim color scheme.
For the main stage, a staple of the theater through its various incarnations, there is now both VIP and main seating sections.
The only thing remaining to be put in place was a moniker.
"Spirit House Cabaret reflects the fact that spirits could be in the building," Avery said. "Rumor has it that there are spirits in there, so...
"Plus the name also refers to the alcoholic spirits we serve, so we felt that it worked for whatever thought process you're going through."
Spirit House Cabaret's first big-scale offering was a mid-August Bumps and Grinders burlesque show, which attracted a capacity crowd and generated rave reviews.
Another Bumps and Grinders show is slated for Oct. 21, with an Oct. 28 Halloween-themed party and a paranormal activity search also on the docket.
"We intend to start booking live music," Avery said. "From local to national level acts. And in March, we plan to host a 100-year celebration reflecting the Rialto's opening in 1918."
For dancing and socializing, Spirit House Cabaret is open Thursday through Saturday from 7 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Avery said the house also is available for rent for social functions, such as receptions, parties and similar events.
"We're definitely not done upgrading," Avery said. "We still need to do a lot of things, including changing the sign outside. We just wanted to get open and start making some money and take it from there."
Avery said it is their and Palomar's hope that Spirit House Cabaret will ultimately offer something for everyone, regardless of a person's favorite diversion.
"Perhaps you don't like to dance but you'd like to see a live band or a burlesque show," Avery explained. "We want to appeal to the community on a wider scale, not just a specific segment or portion.
"We feel we are keeping up the historic legacy of this building while continually offering something different for the community."
Information about upcoming Spirit House Cabaret events is available on the venue's Facebook page.
jpompia@chieftain.com
When I was in Helsinki a couple of summers ago, I came across an incredibly simple and appealing innovation: a human highway for pedestrians and cyclists.
Snaking through the city core, the Baana — or "fast lane" — is a converted railway track. On foot or bicycle, I could safely and easily access many key points in Helsinki without breathing in exhaust from cars or worrying about getting crushed under a truck. And if I so desired, I could even stop for a basketball or table tennis game at designated outdoor courts along the way.
The Baana was constructed in 2012, part of a revival of bicycle-friendly infrastructure in the Finnish capital. Other European capitals — Amsterdam, Copenhagen — have long been pictures of cycling perfection, and major cities around the world, from Rabat to Bogota, have been making pushes to build up bike lanes and low-cost bike rental systems as a means of improving public health and reducing air pollution.
During my week in Helsinki, I used a bike much more than I did in my then-hometown Toronto, a city that's incredibly hostile to cyclists, where you often feel you're putting your life in your hands every time you hop on for a ride. It was a win for both my health and the environment.
How a city is designed can matter as much for health as diet or medical care
Recently, doctors have been calling on policymakers to make other cities more like Helsinki (or Copenhagen, or Amsterdam), where the urban infrastructure is conducive to "active transport" — which just means walking and cycling to get around.
Similarly, in June The Lancet medical journal published a landmark report on why the medical community needs to galvanize against climate change, what it called "the greatest global health opportunity of the 21st century." One idea here is that changing our built environment doesn't just reduce greenhouse gas emissions — it can also make us healthier.
What these calls all have in common is a reorientation of how we think of health. We often think about health as something personal: It depends on what we choose to eat, what medicines we take, and whether we drink or smoke.
But long before those individual decisions, the environments we live in can play a huge role in shaping our health — and this is especially true when it comes to the design of our cities.
How to design a healthier city
The way cities are set up can determine whether we feel compelled to use a car or bus to get to work, instead of our legs or a bike. Opting for the latter, the public health argument goes, is hugely beneficial on a variety of fronts. There's good evidence that cities designed to be walkable and bike-friendly carry both health and environmental benefits. Researchers in Barcelona, for example, recently measured the risks and benefits of the city's bike-sharing scheme, Bicing. They found that it got more people cycling, and reduced carbon dioxide emissions in the city.
As a recent Lancet report summed up: "Active travel (walking and cycling) can reduce the risk of ischaemic heart disease, obesity, diabetes, some types of cancer, and all-cause mortality, while also averting costs to health systems and reducing greenhouse gas emissions."
Fifty percent of the world's population now lives in cities and that's only going to increase — something the World Bank's Timothy Bouley, a health and climate specialist, sees as a huge global health opportunity. "If you build cities the right way — with bike lanes, clean energy, the right kinds of bus and rapid transport systems, buildings with stairs instead of elevators — you can really encourage healthy habits in people."
So bike lanes are just one way to improve public health and reduce emissions. A less visible way to make cities greener is by retrofitting buildings, said Andy Haines, a professor at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine who studies the health co-benefits of the low-carbon economy. If you make old buildings more efficient by insulating them and improving their ventilation systems, they use less energy, and the people inside of them are exposed to cleaner air. In pollution-heavy Beijing, buildings like the Parkview Green Hotel are popping up that promise not only low energy usage but also more breathable air.
Building out green spaces in cities is another way to improve public health. "Some studies show improvements in health and mental health related to green spaces," Haines explained. "Green spaces can also help to protect against urban heat island, or the potential for cities to warm up more than the surrounding countryside in hot weather."
But they also noted that a precondition for using green spaces is whether people feel safe in them. If you live in a neighborhood marred by gang violence, for example, you're probably not going to hang out in your local park. And maybe you're not going to go for a jog or bike to work, even with the best sidewalks and bike lanes in place. In other words, improving the environment for health means a lot more than just designing greener cities, but at least it's a start.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima manager Hajime Moriyasu believes their team paid the price for its own success in failing to land a third straight J. League title last season, but the 46-year-old insists that this year will be different.
Sanfrecce went into last season riding an unprecedented wave of achievement, having claimed the league title for a second year running and reaching the Emperor's Cup final only to be denied the double by Yokohama F. Marinos.
As spring turned into summer and a second straight Asian Champions League campaign began to take its toll, however, the wheels fell off Sanfrecce's season. A string of indifferent results as play resumed after the World Cup break saw Moriyasu's men slip out of title contention, and an eighth-place finish was the best they could manage with defeat in the Nabisco Cup final adding insult to injury.
Now, with the 2015 campaign upon them, Sanfrecce are looking for payback. Last season's mid-table finish means the club has no continental commitments to worry about, and Moriyasu is hoping to reap the benefits.
“We were in the title race until the summer and then we dropped out of the picture,” Moriyasu told The Japan Times ahead of Saturday's season-opener at home to Ventforet Kofu. “This year we have to do well all year to stay in the frame for the title. Last year was a frustrating season so we want to exorcise those feelings. The players are hungry to win the title.
“Before the ACL started, we had been playing until New Year's Day because we were in the Emperor's Cup final. We only had three weeks off before the 2014 season started. Mentally we weren't able to refresh ourselves. And when it came to the summer, we started to struggle mentally and physically because we hadn't had that chance to refresh ourselves.”
Sanfrecce's chances of setting the record straight have not been helped by the departure of several key players, with forward Naoki Ishihara joining Urawa Reds, defender Hwang Seok-ho moving to Kashima Antlers and midfielder Yojiro Takahagi decamping to the A-League with Western Sydney Wanderers.
Moriyasu admits that the outgoing players will be missed, but the manager believes emerging young talent such as Gakuto Notsuda and Yusuke Minagawa can step up and replace them.
“Of course it will hurt the team to lose such good players, but we have other good players and now we have to see what kind of chemistry the team will have this year,” Moriyasu said. “I'm looking forward to it.
“Our young players have more experience now as a result of becoming regulars in the team last season. I think the team as a whole has improved a level.”
Moriyasu can also call on captain Toshihiro Aoyama, who was named in Japan's World Cup squad last summer and started the final group game against Colombia only to get injured when they returned home.
“The World Cup gave me experience, but after that I got injured and I wasn't able to use that experience to help the team,” said Aoyama, who was sidelined for two months last summer. “I hope I can do that this season, and I hope I can keep improving.
“Last year was disappointing. We finished eighth and lost in the final of the Nabisco Cup, so we ended up without a trophy. We have to hold our hands up and say we weren't good enough.”
Sanfrecce can certainly be assured of a different season in one regard this year, as the J. League abandons its single-league format and returns to the two-stage system it last used in 2004.
The inclusion of postseason playoffs gives the format an updated twist, but Moriyasu is not concerned with the details as they prepare for the season as usual.
“I don't think there's such a big difference between the two-stage season and the single season,” said Moriyasu, who experienced the two-stage season as a player. “It's not something we are really paying much attention to. The merits of the two-stage season are that if you win the first stage you can think about how you play in the second stage, and if you don't win the first stage you still have a chance in the second stage.
“I don't think it will have any real impact. The first stage doesn't change in that you are still trying to get as good a start as you can. Basically we want to be the team that wins the most points over the whole season. We want to be in the running to win both the first stage and the second stage.”
The Story
The Ultimates are a fictional group of superheroes that appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team was created by writer Mark Millar and artist Bryan Hitch, and first appeared in The Ultimates #1 (March 2002), as part of the company's Ultimate Marvel imprint. The team is a modern reimagining of the superhero team the Avengers.
Following the conclusion of the miniseries Cataclysm and under the Ultimate Marvel NOW! banner, coinciding with the Marvel Universe All-New Marvel NOW! launch, writer Michel Fiffe and artist Amilcar Pinna bring together a new team including Spider-Man (Miles Morales), the new Black Widow (and former Spider-Woman), Kitty Pryde, Bombshell and Cloak and Dagger.
The Free Marvel Comic Download
All-New Ultimates #001-012 Free Download
Language : English | Year : 2014-2015 | Size : 547 MB
Screenshots :
Notes :
Introduction
Hometown: Bismarck, North Dakota
High School: Bismarck century
Recruitment: Preferred walk-on
Injuries/Discipline: Broken wrist was sustained in 2015
Awards
CoSIDA Football Academic All-American of the Year (2015)
CoSIDA Division I First-team Academic All-American (2014, 2015)
FCS National Champion (2014, 2015)
Measurables
Height: 6'5"
Weight: 220
Class: Junior
Projected 40 Time: 4.54
Stats
Passing
2012 - 16 Attempts, 12 Completions, 75%, 144 yards, 2 TD's, 0 INT's
2013 - 30 Attempts, 22 Completions, 73.3%, 209 yards, 1 TD, 0 INT's
2014 - 358 Attempts, 228 Completions, 63.7%, 3111 yards, 25 TD's, 10 INT's
2015 - 208 Attempts, 130 Completions, 62.5%, 1651 yards, 17 TD's, 4 INT's
Rushing
2012 - 5 Rushes, 22 Yards, 4.4 Average, 1 TD
2013 - 10 Rushes, 70 yards, 7.0 Average, 0 TD's
2014 - 138 Rushes, 642 yards, 4.7 Average, 6 TD's
2015 - 63 Rushes, 294 Yards, 4.7 Average, 6 TD's
Positives
• Excellent size for the position.
• Very coachable
• Intelligent
• Excellent work ethic
• Good mobility
• Extends plays with pocket awareness
• Good vision
• Works to their 2nd or 3rd read regularly
• Has some real athleticism in the open field
• Good arm strength
• Can make all the throws with zip and anticipation
• Excellent decision maker
• Can improvise when the play breaks down.
• Winning mentality. 2 years starting, 2 national championships (FCS)
• North Dakota throw the ball downfield, not a spread system.
• Very quick release
• Throws a good spiral with good velocity
Negatives
• Could do with adding a little bulk.
• Didn't face elite competition.
• On occasions they can lock onto their primary.
• Needs to work on their technique to ensure he's always throwing off a good platform.
Conclusion
It's a shame that Wentz will be long gone by the time the Jets come to make their selection. I personally think he'll be the first QB taken and I think he'll be a top 10 selection as well.  They are the most pro-ready, complete QB in the draft. With the leadership, intelligence and physical skills to become a very good QB at the next level.
Wentz grew from a small high school first-year student, to a very big high school senior. They moved to QB their senior year which resulted in them going under recruited, walking on in North Dakota. They had to wait their turn before having the chance to start in 2014, and they delivered in a big way. They have two years of starting experience, and they have two FCS championships to their name.
They remind me of a more athletic Big Ben. They can really stand in the pocket and deliver under pressure. They improvise as well as anyone, never giving up on a play and turning a sack into a big gain. If you listen to him, you know they love football, and they understand the work required to be a top level QB. Coaches say their biggest advantage is their mental appreciation for the intricacies of football, knowing the play-book and reading defences.
The competition argument is bound to come up in conversations and it's impossible to ignore. They were playing teams like Jacksonville State, Northern Iowa and Weber State. However the talent is obvious for anyone to see.
Draft Grade: 88
90-100 = Exceptional Talent
80-90 = Impact Player
70-80 = NFL Starter
60-70 = Solid NFL Potential
50-60 = Draftable - Lot of work needed
>50 = Undraftable, - Long Shot To Stick
Get the biggest Spurs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Winks has the potential to be one of England's best midfielders as the youngster waits to discover the seriousness of their ankle injury.
The 21-year-old has made 33 appearances for Spurs this term – more than Harry Kane – but is expected to miss the rest of the campaign after being stretchered off at Burnley on Saturday.
It is a sorry end to Winks' breakthrough season but, as they await the results of yesterday's scan, they have been given encouragement by their manager, who feels they have a bright international future ahead of him.
“He was playing well with good performances and I'm sure in time they will be considered by Gareth Southgate,” said Pochettino. “But I cannot guess if it's possible or not, it's a question for them (Southgate).
“He is a very good prospect, a very dynamic player who plays very well with the ball, and without the ball he's very aggressive.
“I think they only needs time to develop their game and be consistent and show their quality but, in time, why not? They can be one of the best midfielders for England.”
(Image: Jan Kruger/Getty Images)
Tottenham is likely to face another of their academy products tomorrow night, with Tom Carroll establishing themselves as a regular for Swansea after leaving White Hart Lanein January.
The 24-year-old only made three appearances for Spurs in the first half of this season, before their £4.5million transfer, which is believed to include a 25 per cent sell-on fee for Tottenham.
However, Pochettino rejects the suggestion that Carroll was a victim of Winks' progress.
“I think it's not fair to say that,” said the Argentinian. “Every player is different and they wanted to play more. They needed to feel important and I think Swansea promised and provided that they would play a lot. It was their decision, with our decision.
“I'm very happy because they were a very good professional, a very good player for us but we couldn't promise they would play every game. For them it was the right time to move.
“It's very clear they were a player with a lot of quality to play in the Premier League and he's fit in very quickly and easily at Swansea, and he's playing every game very consistently with good performances.
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
“I think they feel happy, and we are happy for them because they are a very nice guy.”
Team SoloMid - North America
Team SoloMid is practically synonymous with the League of Legends World Championships. TSM is the only team to have played in every League of Legends World Championship, earning them the record for most appearances. The most notable of TSM's runs was a 3rd place finish in the Season 1 World Championship where they were defeated by Against All Authority 0 - 2 in the 3rd place match (Watch the final game of TSM's deepest run at Worlds). TSM earned a bye to the bracket stage of the Season 2 World Championship, but lost in the 1st round to the eventual runner-up, Azubu Frost, 0 - 2. The following year, Team SoloMid failed to make it out of the group stage, only winning two of their eight games. In 2014, TSM advanced from the group stage after a promising 4 - 2 finish, but lost to the eventual champion, Samsung Galaxy White, 3 - 1 in the 1st round of the bracket. The only bracket series victory TSM can claim is their win over the now disbanded Epik Gamer in the loser's bracket of the 1st World Championship.
Season 1 Roster Season 2 Roster Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP TheRainMan Dyrus Dyrus Dyrus JUNGLE TheOddOne TheOddOne TheOddOne Amazing MID Reginald Reginald Reginald Bjergsen AD CARRY Choax Choax WildTurtle WildTurtle SUPPORT Xpecial Xpecial Xpecial Lustboy
Fnatic - Europe
Fnatic can claim the honor of the being the 1st League of Legends World Champion. Fnatic earned the title by defeating against All authority 2 - 1 in the finals after climbing through the loser's bracket to face them (Season 1 World Championship Game 1 and Game 2). Sadly, the defending world champion barely missed their chance to play in 2nd World Championship due to their failure to place in the Season 2 European Regional Finals. The team bounced back and returned to worlds with a strong showing in the Season 3 World Championship. They dominated the group stage but eventually lost to Royal Club in the 2nd round of the bracket stage, securing a 3rd/4th place finish. The following year, Fnatic had a disappointing showing and was knocked out in the group stage with a 2 - 4 record. Despite not making the bracket stage in 2014, Fnatic still holds the record for the most series won in the bracket stage with five; four in Season 1 and one in Season 2.
Season 1 Roster Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Sushei sOAZ sOAZ JUNGLE CyanideFl Cyanide Cyanide MID xPeke xPeke xPeke AD CARRY LamiaZealot puszu Rekkles SUPPORT Mellisan YellOwStaR YellOwStaR
Samsung Galaxy White - Korea
Samsung Galaxy White is the most recent World Champion with a total of two appearances. Samsung Galaxy Ozone made their first appearance in the Season 3 World Championship but failed to make it out of the group stage after losing a tiebreaker match to Gambit Gaming (Watch the game here.) The next year, the Samsung organization acquired a sister team and renamed the original team to Samsung Galaxy White. The team's returned to worlds that year after their second consecutive 2nd place finish in the LCK finals. Samsung Galaxy White came in to the tournament with something to prove, destroying the group stage of the tournament with a 6 - 0 record and securing the record for most group stage wins with 11 between their two worlds appearances. Samsung only lost 2 games throughout the bracket stage of the Season 4 World Championship, one to TSM in the first series they played and another in the finals to the runner-up, Star Horn Royal Club.
Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Looper Looper JUNGLE DanDy DanDy MID dade PawN AD CARRY imp imp SUPPORT Mata Mata
Taipei Assassins - Taiwan
The Taipei Assassins' first of two appearances was in 2012, at the Season 2 World Championship. TPA earned a bye into the bracket stage of the Season 2 World Championship by finishing 1st in the Season 2 Regional Qualifier in Taipei. The team that not many people knew much about blew through the bracket stage, only losing two games in the three series they played. The Assassins astonished everyone by defeating three favorites to win the tournament (NaJin Sword 2 - 0, Moscow Five 2 - 1, and runner-up Azubu Frost 3 - 1(Watch the finals here)). The following year, the world champions failed to qualify for the tournament and instead the Gamania Bears represented Taiwan. The Taipei Assassins returned to the Season 4 World Championship, but only won a single game in the group stage, ending with a 1 - 5 record.
Season 2 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Stanley Archie JUNGLE Lilballz Winds MID Toyz Morning AD CARRY bebe bebe SUPPORT MiSTakE Jay
Star Horn Royal Club - China
Star Horn Royal Club was a dominate team in both their appearances to worlds. The Chinese squad came on to the world stage in Season 3 with a bye to the bracket stage earned by their 1st place finish in the Chinese League. In the first round of the tournament, Star Horn Royal Club faced their biggest rivals, OMG. Royal Club took both games off their Chinese rivals and went on to beat Fnatic in the best of 5 to earn themselves a place in the finals against the tournament favorites, SKT Telecom T1. Despite their excellent run thus far, Royal Club didn't manage to win a single game against the Korean squad and finished the tournament in 2nd place. Their next appearance to worlds came the following year after changing sponsors and finishing 2nd in the LPL Season 4 playoffs. Star Horn Royal Club had a strong showing in the group stage, losing only a single game. Edward Gaming and OMG both fell to Star Horn Royal Club after a pair of close 3 - 2 series. Royal Club returned to the finals for a second year in a row, but for a second year in a row, they fell to that year's Korean favorites, Samsung Galaxy White, 3 - 1 (Watch the SSGW vs SHRC 2014 finals here).
Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP GoDlike Cola JUNGLE Lucky inSec MID Wh1t3zZ Corn AD CARRY Uzi Uzi SUPPORT Tabe Zero
OMG - China
Just like their regional rivals, Star Horn Royal Club, OMG also has had some dominate showings at worlds... until they face Royal Club in the bracket stage, that is. OMG first qualified for worlds in 2013 and looked extremely strong with a 7 - 1 record in the group stage, including the only win against the eventual tournament winner, SKT Telecom T1 (Watch that game here). OMG matched up against Royal Club in the 1st round of the bracket stage and suffered a crushing 0 - 2 loss from their rivals. The next year, OMG qualified for worlds again and was placed in what was thought of as the hardest group in the tournament. The Chinese team defied the odds and advanced to the bracket stage with a group stage record of 3 - 3. OMG swept the OGN Regional Finals Winner, NaJin White Shield, in a five game series in the 1st round of brackets. Their next opponent was once again their Chinese rivals, Royal Club. And once again, OMG fell to their rivals, but this time the series was an epic 3 - 2 showdown in Royal Club's favor.
Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Gogoing Gogoing JUNGLE LoveLin drug MID Cool Cool AD CARRY San San SUPPORT bigpomelo Cloud
NaJin Black Sword - Korea
NaJin Black Sword's first appearance was in the Season 2 World Championship under the name NaJin Sword. NaJin earned a bye to the bracket stage of the tournament after placing 1st in the Season 2 Regional Finals for Korea. The Koreans faced the Taipei Assassins in the first round and are swept 2 - 0 by the eventual Season 2 World Champions. NaJin entered the Season 3 World Championship the following year with a minor name change to NaJin Black Sword. The team once again earned the honor of Korean Circuit 1st place winner and earn another bye to the bracket stages. This time, the Koreans would win their first series against Gambit Gaming 2 - 1, and move on to the second round. For the second year in a row, NaJin would prematurely lose to the eventual world champions in the bracket stage. NaJin lost to SKT Telecom T1 in an intense five game series that went the distance. NaJin failed to qualify for the Season 4 World Championship.
Season 2 Roster Season 3 Roster TOP MaKNooN Expression JUNGLE Watch watch MID SSONG Nagne AD CARRY PraY PraY SUPPORT Cain Cain
Cloud 9 - North America
Cloud 9 was North America's great hope at worlds the last few years. The team first came on to the scene in Season 3 after earning a bye directly to the bracket stage of tournament. The regular season champs faced Fnatic in the first round of brackets but were only able to take a single game off the Europeans in their three game series. Cloud 9 bounced back onto the world stage in Season 4 after placing 2nd in the North American Regional Qualifier. The team would have a strong showing in the group stage taking games off of the European powerhouse, Alliance, and the solid Korean squad, NaJin White Shield. C9 finished with a 4 - 2 record in the group stage and advanced into the brackets where they would face the OGN Circuit 1st Place team, Samsung Galaxy Blue. Cloud 9 succeeded in taking a game off the Koreans but ended up losing the series with a 3 - 1 record in favor of Samsung.
Season 3 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Balls Balls JUNGLE Meteos Meteos MID Hai Hai AD CARRY Sneaky Sneaky SUPPORT LemonNation LemonNation
SK Gaming - Europe
SK Gaming made their first appearance to worlds in 2012 at the Season 2 World Championship. The SK squad placed 2nd in the Season 2 Regional Finals but would not make it out of the group stage of the tourney. The team performed poorly in their group and dropped all three of their scheduled matches. SK failed to qualify to the Season 3 World Championship, but they earned the final European spot the following year. SK Gaming had another poor showing in groups and didn't qualify for the bracket stage. SK went 2 - 4 in their group.
Season 2 Roster Season 4 Roster TOP Kev1n fredy122 JUNGLE Araneae Svenskeren MID ocelote Jesiz AD CARRY YellOwStaR Candy Panda SUPPORT Nyph nRated
Gambit Gaming - Europe
The Russian squad first came on to the scene in Season 2 under the name Moscow Five. The Russians finished 1st place in the regular season and earned a bye to bracket stage of the tournament. In the first round of brackets, Moscow Five defeated the Chinese team, Invictus Gaming, in two straight games. M5 faced TPA in the next round and lost to the tourney champions in three games with a 2 - 1 record in favor of the TPA squad. M5 returned to worlds in Season 3 under the new name Gambit Gaming. Gambit had a dominated showing in the group stages, finishing 5 - 3 and forcing a tiebreaker with Samsung Galaxy Ozone to determine who will advance to the bracket stage. Gambit defeated the Korean favorites and moved on to the bracket stage only to lose to the Korean regular season champions, NaJin Black Shield 2 - 1 in the first round. Gambit failed to earn a spot in the Season 4 Championship.
Season 2 Roster Season 3 Roster TOP Darien Darien JUNGLE Diamondprox Diamondprox MID Alex Ich AD CARRY Genja Genja SUPPORT GoSu Pepper Voidle
Counter Logic Gaming - North America
Counter Logic Gaming made appearances to the first two League of Legends World Championships. In Season 1 the North American Squad advanced from groups with a 2 -1 record but lost to the eventual tournament winners, Fnatic, in the first round of the bracket stage 2 - 1. CLG's next appearance came the following year where they had a disappointing showing in groups, only winning a single game and ending their tournament run with a record of 1 - 2.
Season 1 Roster Season 2 Roster TOP HotshotGG Voyboy JUNGLE Saintvicious HotshotGG MID Bigfatlp Bigfatlp AD CARRY Chauster Doublelift SUPPORT Elementz Chauster
Alliance - Europe
Alliance's first trip to worlds was in Season 2 under the name Counter Logic Gaming EU. CLG EU had a strong showing in the tournament, advancing from the group stage with a 2 - 1 record. The European squad won their first bracket stage series against the Chinese squad, World Elite. CLG faced the tourney runner-up, Azubu Frost, in the next round and fell to the Korean team 1 -2. CLG EU changed their name to Evil Geniuses the following season but failed to make worlds after placing 4th in the qualifiers. The team changed their name to Alliance in 2014 and placed 1st in the EU LCS Playoffs. The European "Super Team" disappointed fans when they failed to make it out of the group stage of the tourney. In the final game of groups Alliance faced the Brazilian team, KaBuM! e-Sports. If Alliance won this game it would force a tiebreaker with Cloud 9 to determine who would advance to brackets. Sadly, Alliance loses the game and fails to advance. You can watch that game here.
