NLA - Although it was reported yesterday that Juraj Simek might be looking for a team in the SHL, they seem to have decided to return to Switzerland and join HC Lugano , as Patrick Andrey (Yes FM) reports.
Photo Genève-servette hc
The 27-year-old forward's current team TPS Turku is unlikely to make the playoffs and they thus have decided to let some of their players look for another opportunity to play with immediate effect. As TPS announces, they have mutually agreed to terminate their contract. Simek has scored two goals and four assists in 15 games in the Finnish Liiga.
Furthermore, according to the same source, Chris McSorely did not pull the trigger on a trade tonight. As it was rumored, the Grenats' head coach was interested in the Rapperswil-Jona Lakers' Sven Berger, Genève-Servette HC's Dario Trutmann was supposed to go the other way. However, that deal or any other possible deal fell through. (mso)
NEW YORK — Bibi Hokmina, an Afghan provincial council member, wore the traditional turban, vest and robe of an Afghan man as they spoke before the Women in the World Summit in New York City on Friday.
Since they were a young girl, Hokmina has been dressing as a male at the urging of their father. They have become a widely respected leader in their home province of Khost.
"Why would a man be any more empowered than a woman in the world?" they asked through a translator, their voice almost musical and their gestures decisive as they addressed the panel moderated by news anchor Christiane Amanpour.
It became clear that Hokmina's power among men is a rare exception in Afghanistan as the discussion focused on the view of the country through the eyes of Afghan women.
For many, the view is bleak and dangerous.
Half of all Afghan girls become child brides, often abused, separated from their families and sometimes murdered. This week GlobalPost senior correspondent Jean MacKenzie published a 'Special Report' titled "Life Sentence: Women & Justice in Afghanistan" looking at just how bad Afghan women have it despite pledges from American leaders to improve their lives.
The Taliban, which vehemently opposes women's rights and employs tribal practice including the bartering of women and girls, continues to hold substantial territory in Afghanistan and observers say the U.S. is likely to make a deal with the Taliban is it reduces its military presence and prepares to wind down the war.
That would be a devil's bargain, the panel agreed.
"How do we hold on to what we've promised Afghan women and not abandon them?" asked Zainab Salbi, founder of Women for Women International. "Women are the bellwether for the direction of the society."
Hokmina warned that if the Taliban — pushed out of national power by the U.S. invasion in 2001 — retakes the country, the state of women will "take a bad turn."
Although as Amanpour mentioned, the Afghan Constitution dictates that 25 percent of the country's lower chamber of parliament be women, that statistic becomes window dressing in the face of widespread abuses of women.
"We cannot take anymore," Hokmina said, referencing the decades of occupation and violence they and their people have lived through. "It cannot go back to where it was. This is not a time to abandon Afghanistan."
Asked what Afghan men and women may have learned from their journey to malik — or tribal chieftain — they took an aggressive turn:
"My message is do not give up your land fight for it and fight for it to the death. It's time for us to be able to stand up on our own two feet. Do not give up a single pound of skin," they said.
Amanpour called for Western countries to engage with women's rights in Afghanistan, particularly those whose militaries and aid groups have intervened in different ways since 9/11:
"You can't bring peace to Afghanistan on the backs of abuses of women's rights," they said. "So many have given blood and sacrifice for the past 10 years so the country doesn't go back to the way it was."
GlobalPost web producer for Special Reports Alex Pearlman will be liveblogging and tweeting the summit, and you can follow along (@lexikon1) with the hashtag #wiw12. To see the weekend's agenda, head to The Daily Beast.
Last Friday, the Food and Drug Administration sent a letter to the most popular personal genomics service, 23andMe, ordering the company to stop selling its genetic testing kits. According to the FDA's letter, the company has been advertising that its tests offer diagnostic information for a variety of human conditions, placing them in the category of a "medical device" and thus within the agency's jurisdiction. Accordingly, the FDA has been working with the company since 2009 to get 23andMe's testing approved. Now, the FDA has apparently run out of patience.
What counts as a “medical device”?
A quick trip to the "benefits" section of 23andMe's website shows that the company promotes its tests as diagnostic for genetic diseases and says that they provide an indication of risk for complex conditions like diabetes and Alzheimer's. In addition, the page suggests that the company's testing can provide warnings of potential interactions between genes and drugs, such as cholesterol-lowering statins and blood thinners.
According to the FDA, this makes a 23andMe test a "medical device" under Section H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. In practical terms, the agency warns that people may attempt to self-medicate based on the combination of the results they receive and the information on 23andMe's website. The agency's letter also cites the dangers that could be posed by a false-positive result for tests such as those involving genes associated with breast cancer.
As such, the FDA says that it has been in contact with 23andMe since 2009, seeking to have the tests brought under the appropriate regulations. Despite that effort, the FDA claims that 23andMe has expanded its list of intended uses and that the tests let buyers "take steps toward mitigating serious diseases."
The agency is apparently fed up with the delays. "More than five years after you began marketing, you still had not completed some of the studies and had not even started other studies necessary to support a marketing submission for the [testing service]," the letter states. It also says that in January 2013, 23andMe claimed that it was doing further testing for its approval application, testing that would take several months to complete; nearly a year later, it never submitted the results of the testing.
As a result, the FDA has now ordered 23andMe to pull its test off the market. The company has 15 working days in which to respond to the FDA's letter with documentation of the corrective action that it has taken.
Know thyself
This isn't the first run-in between the FDA and personal genomics companies. Back in 2010, the agency sent a series of letters informing these companies that they were selling medical devices (here's a typical example); in response, all but 23andMe left the market.
Since then, the company has been doing a careful balancing act. Peter Schols, who founded the high-end medical testing company Gentle, told Ars, "23andMe has always been very ambiguous about their DNA test. On the one hand, they claim their test is 'for education and entertainment only and not for diagnostic use' on their website. On the other hand, they test for severe diseases like BRCA-related breast cancer, Alzheimer's, and Parkinson's without providing any counseling or advice." The letter seems to suggest that the FDA will no longer tolerate this balance; Schols called it "very relevant to the entire personal genomics industry."
More generally, the argument focuses on whether we have an unfettered right to information about our own bodies when that information is medically actionable. Many people view genetic information as the most personal information available, given that it's a central part of who we are. But the FDA believes some regulation is necessary and is already working to ensure the accuracy of other diagnostic tests (such as blood glucose levels) because the medical implications are so significant.
U.S. Treasury bond yields dived in Monday's global market panic as investors rushed to buy, in effect thumbing their noses at Standard & Poor's downgrade of the government's debt rating.
In a time of extreme turmoil in markets, investors still are trusting that Treasuries will offer relative safety.
“People look around the world and they don't know where else to go,” said Charles Comiskey, head of Treasury bond trading at Scotia Capital in New York.
The 10-year T-note yield sank to 2.32%, down from 2.56% on Friday and the lowest since early 2009.
Shorter-term yields also tumbled. The three-year T-note yield slid to 0.42% from 0.49% on Friday.
In a bit of irony, the Treasury saw relatively poor demand at its weekly auction of three- and six-month bills. Analysts said that reflected big investors' desire to lock in longer-term yields.
Over the weekend, many investors had been expecting Treasury bond yields to rise initially because of the rating downgrade, and planned to buy as rates went up, Comiskey said.
But as is often the case in markets, the crowd doesn't get what it wants.
It also helped the Treasury market, of course, that stock prices collapsed worldwide Monday, putting a huge amount of cash in equity sellers' hands. They had to invest it somewhere fast.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 634.76 points, or 5.6%, at 10,809.85, the lowest since October.
Buyers also flocked to German and Canadian government bonds, among others, as foreign stock markets crumbled. The German DAX stock index sank 5%. Canada's main share index slid 4%.
Next up for the Treasury market: The Federal Reserve's meeting Tuesday. The betting is that the Fed isn't yet ready to announce a new bond-buying program to pump money into the financial system, but that could change if stock markets are in another freefall Tuesday.
The Treasury also will be selling $72 billion in new debt over the next three days: $32 billion in three-year notes Tuesday, $24 billion in 10-year notes Wednesday and $16 billion in 30-year bonds Thursday.
Those auctions will show whether foreign investors, in particular, still want Treasuries at these low yields.
RELATED:
Stocks plunge in panic sell-off
Bank of America shares tumble again
U.S. unlikely to get AAA rating back soon, S&P says
-- Tom Petruno
Photo: The Treasury building in Washington. Credit: Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News
Three thousand light-years away, a dying star throws off shells of glowing gas in this image from the Hubble Space Telescope of the Cat's Eye Nebula.
The nearly 20-year-old Hubble Space Telescope has taken many iconic images of the cosmos and is even the star of a new 3D IMAX movie that gives viewers a chance to fly through those snapshots. But does Hubble show us what the universe really looks like?
Yes and no, according to NASA.
When Hubble beams down images, astronomers have to make many adjustments, such as adding color and patching multiple photos together, to that raw data before the space observatory's images are released to the public.
Hubble doesn't use color film (or any film at all) to create its images. Instead, it operates much like a digital camera, using what's called a CCD (charge-coupled device) to record incoming photons of light. [Spectacular Photos From The Revamped Hubble Space Telescope]
Hubble's CCD cameras don't measure the color of the incoming light directly. But the telescope does have various filters that can be applied to let in only a specific wavelength range, or color, of light. Hubble can detect light throughout the visible spectrum, plus ultraviolet and infrared light which is invisible to human eyes.
The observatory will often take photos of the same object through multiple filters. Scientists can then combine the images, assigning blue light to the data that came in through the blue filter, for example, red light to the data read through the red filter and green light to the green filter, to create a comprehensive color image. [Most Amazing Hubble Discoveries ]
"We often use color as a tool, whether it is to enhance an object's detail or to visualize what ordinarily could never be seen by the human eye," NASA officials explain on the agency's Hubble Web site.
For some Hubble photos, such as the galaxy ESO 510-G13 for example, the end result is a close approximation of the colors people would see with their own eyes were they to visit the distant sight in a spacecraft.
Though even these photos are an enhanced version, since most celestial objects, such as nebulas, emit colors that are too faint for human eyes to make out. It takes a telescope, letting light build up in its CCD over time, to see the rich hues in Hubble photos.
And for other Hubble images, scientists assign colors to the filters that don't correspond to what that light would look like to human eyes. They do this when using light from infrared and ultraviolet filters, since those wavelength ranges have no natural colors, or when combining light from slightly different shades of the same color.
"Creating color images out of the original black-and-white exposures is equal parts art and science," NASA said.
For example, Hubble photographed the Cat's Eye Nebula through three narrow wavelengths of red light that correspond to radiation from hydrogen atoms, oxygen atoms, and nitrogen ions (nitrogen atoms with one electron removed). In that case, they assigned red, blue and green colors to the filters and combined them to highlight the subtle differences. In real life, those wavelengths of light would be hard to distinguish for humans.
The Hubble Space Telescope launched in April 1990 and has been visited by NASA astronauts multiple times for vital repairs, maintenance and upgrades.
The most recent visit was in May 2009, when astronauts performed five tricky spacewalks to add a new camera, spectrograph, and make unprecedented repairs and upgrades that left Hubble more powerful than ever before.
NASA scientists hope those upgrades will add at least five more years of life to the aging Hubble Space Telescope.
Although new models of the Nintendo 3DS promise better visibility when it comes to the console's stereoscopic visualisation, it probably never even occurred to the Big N that a virtual reality headset might be the best solution.
In fact, this probably isn't the solution at all, but that hasn't stopped electronics developer KatsuKity from putting this bizarre theory to the test. Its 3DS video capture card has now been updated to add Oculus Rift devkit 2 support.
The facts are these: The KatsuKity board grabs a video output from Nintendo's handheld and boots it to your PC. Useful for us game reviewing types who want to lavish tasty screen captures upon you, the punter.
With DK2 support now in its capture software, booting this video feed - including full stereoscopic support - to the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset then becomes a relatively simple matter, allowing you to get a deeper, more stable look inside the world of 3DS games.
The tricky bit is actually disassembling your 3DS to install the KatsuKity capture board in the first place, and isn't a task for the technically squeamish. But you can buy pre-modded devices, if you really do want to strap a 3DS to your eyeballs.
Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and a growing number of other high-profile tech companies have come out in opposition to President Trump's decision to roll back protections for transgender students. The original May 2016 directive, implemented by the Obama administration, gave federal guidance for allowing transgender teenagers to use public school facilities that conform to their gender identity.
Apple spoke out first and many others are following
The Trump administration is now actively moving to reverse that progress, starting by knocking the decision over bathroom use back to the state level. As was the case with Trump's calls to create a Muslim registry and their more recent and ill-fated immigration ban, a coalition of tech companies is forming to voice concern for how these decisions could increase discrimination and undermine civil rights.
The opposition first began yesterday when Apple, itself led by a prominent member of the LGBT community, issued a statement saying the company disagreed “with any effort to limit or rescind... the rights and protections” of transgender students.
Google's statement, issued to TechCrunch, says, “We've long advocated for policies that provide equal rights and treatment for all. We're deeply concerned to see a roll-back in transgender students' rights.” Facebook's statement, also obtained by TechCrunch, reads, “Facebook is a strong supporter of equality. We stand for ensuring equal rights for everyone, including transgender students, and will continue to advocate for more rights instead of fewer.”
Other companies, like Salesforce, Microsoft, and Intel, are using Twitter, with executives signing tweets with the hashtag #ProtectTransKids:
Let's agree now to always love all our children, and that our schools will be safe places for all. #EqualityForAll pic.twitter.com/DfhCjTbaoc — Marc Benioff (@Benioff) February 23, 2017
Since Jan. 1, 1863, the federal government has played a vital role in protecting the rights of all Americans. Let's not stop now. #LGBTQ — Brad Smith (@BradSmi) February 22, 2017
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to creating a successful biz & world. We stand with @HRC in the fight to #ProtectTransKids — Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) February 23, 2017
As Trump continues to make waves in Washington, Silicon Valley and the broader tech industry has had to act fast to adjust from its prior, relatively hands-off approach to directly addressing social and civil rights issues. These industry-wide objections may not have any meaningful policy impact in the short-term. But they do represent a broader awareness in the tech industry that the power and sway tech companies have earned also means using that influence to stand up for marginalized groups.
President Obama stated that “as a commander in chief” they have the right to order a military strike against Syria without congressional approval. However, they said that Capitol Hill support would strengthen the response to the alleged chemical attack.
“As commander in chief I always preserve the right and the responsibility to act on behalf of America's national security. I don't believe that I was required to take this to Congress. But I did not take this to Congress because I think it's an empty exercise," Obama said during a news conference in Stockholm on Wednesday, after a meeting with the Swedish prime minister.
Obama's comments came shortly after they managed to win the support of key politicians on their plans to launch a “limited” strike on Syria. On Tuesday, Democrat and Republican leaders in Congress announced that that the United States should respond to Syrian President Assad's alleged use of chemical weapons.
The vote is expected early next week, after Congress reconvenes on September 9.
Obama is confident that lawmakers will authorize their request for the military strike against the Syrian regime.
“I believe congress will approve it because I think that America recognizes that as difficult as it is to take any military action even one as limited as we're talking about, even one without boots on the ground. That's a sober decision,” they said.
The president said that America recognizes that “if the international community fails to maintain certain norms, standards and laws governing how countries interact and how people are treated, then over time this world become less safe.”
Obama also said that their decision to seek congressional approval for their plan was not just a symbolic gesture.
"I think that it is very important for the Congress to say that we mean what we say. I think we will be stronger as a country in our response if the president and Congress do it together,” they said.
Obama added that the “red line” they mentioned last year while speaking about Syria's use of chemical weapons was drawn “by the world” when its leaders signed the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention, rather than by them personally.
“I didn't set a red line; the world set a red line. The world set a red line when governments representing 98 percent of the world's population said the use of chemical weapons are abhorrent and passed a treaty forbidding their use even when countries are engaged in war.”
Congress “set a red line” when it ratified that treaty, they added. “Congress set a red line when it indicated in a piece of legislation entitled the Syria Accountability Act, that some of horrendous things that are happening on the ground there need to be answered for.”
Obama also declared that the entire international community's credibility is at stake when it comes to the conflict in Syria.
“My credibility is not on the line. The international community's credibility is on the line. And America's and Congress's credibility is on the line.”
Meanwhile in Washington, key congressional committees are holding hearings and discussing the draft resolution on the military attack on Syria.The Senate's Foreign Relations Committee approved on Wednesday the presidential plan to strike Syria.
Obama's plan progressed a step further on Tuesday when it received backing from party leaders in Congress. However, only 36 percent of the American population support the initiative, an ABC News/Washington Post poll revealed.
“By this time, [after] 13 years of war, people and the military have no faith in anything the government has to say at all. They are sick and tired of the war, and the government has no credibility with the rank and file in the military,” Marine veteran Gordon Duff told RT.
Spread the love
Monroe County, TN — A Tennessee man, who has committed no crime, was forced to file a federal lawsuit to try and get back their property after police robbed them during a traffic stop.
El A. Willis wasn't charged with a crime and never harmed anyone. However, Willis is now having to fight an uphill legal battle to get back $18,480.00 from the thieving hands of the Monroe County Sheriff's department.
In February of last year, Willis was the passenger in a rental vehicle driven by their girlfriend, Shonta Williams. Detective Bobby Queen, with the Monroe County Sheriff's department, claimed they saw the sedan change lanes without a signal.
They then ordered the car to pull over. Detective Queen phoned in the stop to the “Blue Lightning Operations Center” (BLOC) which is a drug interdiction effort by federal, state and local governments. BLOC noted that Williams was driving on an expired license. Willis, however, had a valid license and the rental car was in their name.
Willis was a passenger in this vehicle, whose driver changed lanes without a blinker, but this fact was irrelevant to Queen as they felt it necessary to pat the innocent man down. During the pat down, Queen found a locked money bag. They then demanded that Willis open the bag.
Willis explained to the deputy that they were traveling to Atlanta, Georgia to make a music deal with the cash — and their rental agreement specified that they were allowed to travel in both Tennessee and Georgia. Unable to bust the couple for anything but minor traffic violations, Queen then claimed to smell marijuana and had a drug dog sniff the car and the money bag.
It is widely known that a large percentage (upwards 0f 90%) of U.S. paper money contains trace amounts of cocaine. Having a large amount of cash will most assuredly alert a drug dog.
In fact, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has ruled that government does not have probable cause to seize cash from motorists based only on a drug-detection dog's reaction; stating specifically that the majority of money in circulation has drugs on it.
But court precedents and ethical enforcement of the law apparently mean very little to detective Queen and the drug dog predictably alerted to the bag of money. However, no drugs were found.
According to the Newspaper, further testing of the rental vehicle was done with ion swabs, but these swabs were “misplaced” during the investigation. A second swab test on the money yielded a positive result.
Federal officials have insisted that the money swabs are plenty enough evidence to prove that the money is linked to the drug trade and subject to confiscation; because most drug dealers rub their cash down with drugs, right?
Obviously Willis and their attorney dispute the claim that this money was linked to drugs.
“The narcotics dog's alert to Mr. Willis' money is not enough probable cause given prior case law,” Lomonaco wrote to the court. “The $5000 in United States Currency case highlighted the various evidence that exists showing the large percentage of currency that has been contaminated from drug residue. Therefore, the dog's positive alert is not enough to establish probable cause, especially since the dog alerted to the money after the money was already seized… Ms. Williams was the reason why the car was stopped in the first place, but the money that was seized did not belong to her, so their actions did not give the police officer probable cause to seize the money of Mr. Willis.”
The first hearing in this case was held last month as federal prosecutors tried to make their case, seeking permanent confiscation of the cash, taken from Willis nearly a year ago.
Prosecutors have been trying to find Williams to testify, but certified mail sent to summon them has been returned unclaimed.
The robber barons are also trying to use a technicality to deny Willis a hearing because they did not file the proper form. Magistrate Judge C. Clifford Shirley Jr. has yet to rule on the matter.
Road piracy in the US has reached epic proportions.
It has gotten so bad that the Canadian government has issued a public service announcement for its citizens warning them that American Road Pirates, aka police officers may very well rob them upon entry into the US.
Since September 2001 there have been 62,000 incidents of road piracy; resulting in a booty of over $2.5 billion.
In the US, “298 departments and 210 task forces have seized the equivalent of 20 percent or more of their annual budgets since 2008” according to the Post.
Some might try and say that this money and property is obviously “taken from criminals” in order to rationalize this theft on a massive scale. However, as is evident in the case of Mr. Willis, the government does not have to charge you with a crime, let alone convict you, to take your property and after they steal your property the burden of proof is on you to get it back.
Only one sixth of the 62,000 cases of cash forfeitures to police in the last decade have been challenged in court due to the high cost of challenging the state; not too mention that since their money was stolen, even if they once had the funds to challenge the theft, they may not any longer.
The justice department's asset forfeiture fund in 2011 was $1.8 billion.
In Philadelphia alone, more than $64 million in seized property has been taken in the last decade and 100% of it has gone into the pockets of cops, judges, and other bureaucrats with a hand in the treasure chest.
But these billions stolen from the citizens of this country by the ones who claim to keep them safe, are just an example of a few bad apples, right? It's most assuredly not a systemic problem resulting from the glaring unaccountable nature of the state.
The MBTA is considering partnering with a local startup to fill the gap in late-night transit service.
The T's Fiscal Management and Control Board discussed a proposal Monday from Bridj, a Boston-based company that runs a private bus service. Bridj allows riders to indicate where they are through its app. Then passengers are directed to a pickup location, along with other riders, that's usually within a 5-7 minute walk. Bridj vehicles can carry up to 14 passengers.
Under its proposal for late-night service, Bridj would operate 10 buses for five hours each night. This would cost the MBTA $85 per hour per bus (an estimated $1.55 million annually), which is 35 percent lower than the $132 per hour it cost to operate an MBTA bus, according to the T. The service would start as a 12-month pilot program.
Bridj has proposed what it calls a "public utility" model for its service. This basically means the T would set the fares and customers would use the Bridj app to request rides, according to acting-MBTA General Manager Brian Shortsleeve. They added that fares could remain the same as MBTA bus fares or could potentially be set higher.
"The T would recoup all of the revenue," Shortsleeve said Monday. "That revenue would just pass back to the T to reduce that estimated annual cost of $1.5 million."
Since the T axed late-night train service in April, many private companies have been looking to fill the gap. Bridj, which sees itself as the next iteration of the city bus, first outlined a plan earlier in the year to provide what it called "flexible, demand driven transit."
A Bridj bus travelling down St. Paul St. in Brookline. (Jesse Costa/WBUR)
But some transit advocates are concerned the Bridj service won't be accessible to everyone.
"We do not need another TNC-type service for well-heeled night owls," said Marc Ebuña, co-founder of the advocacy group Transit Matters. (TNC refers to "Transportation Network Company," a term used to describe ride-hailing companies.) "We need an overnight service that is accessible to all riders, including riders with disabilities."
Currently Bridj's service area includes Allston/Brighton, Kendall Square, Back Bay, Downtown, South Boston and parts of Brookline.
Ebuña's group is also in talks with the MBTA over its own late-night plan geared toward shift workers and those trying to get to and from Logan Airport at odd hours. Bridj's plan is an unsolicited proposal that was submitted to the T through its new innovation proposals policy.
"Our goal through the policy has been to drive innovation [and] creativity through outside the box thinking that's been lacking in this organization for too long," Shortsleeve said of the innovation proposals policy. They added that the T is hoping to tap into Boston's innovation economy.
But Ebuña raised concerns Monday about Bridj's proposal superseding other discussions the T is having over late-night service.
"We are supportive of the T's openness to innovative ideas and we believe that our proposal is one of those," Ebuña said. "If the MBTA desires to outsource overnight service, it should do so through a robust competitive process that seeks a service reflective of the plan we put forward and that we are vetting in collaboration with the city and with MBTA staff."
Secretary of Transportation Stephanie Pollack indicated the T would likely continue to pursue all options to provide future late-night service.
"If there are other ways of providing a service at a better price point I don't see why we wouldn't want to pursue both," Pollack said.
The MBTA plans to conduct a survey to gather feedback from riders on the future late-night service. The T will also decide whether or not to ask Bridj to submit a more detailed proposal to potentially move forward with a late-night pilot program.
"The city has much to gain from tech-transportation companies working together with the public transit agencies of cities," said Bridj Special Projects Lead Mary Rose Fissinger at Monday's meeting. "Bridj has done this in other cities and shown success. And we think that we owe it to the members of this community to try this out in Boston and see if this is in fact a lasting solution."
Bridj currently has a pilot program in Kansas City, Missouri, where it has partnered with the local transit agency to provide on-demand bus service. There, the Kansas City Area Transportation Authority set the price of the rides and the vehicles were built locally by Ford.
The plight of the town of Kobani illustrates how aerial bombing has serious limitations without troops to guide the strikes to a target or a well-organised ally who can exploit their impact on the ground.
WASHINGTON // The United States is facing the limits of air power in Kobani, where ISIL fighters are steadily closing in on Kurdish fighters despite a series of US bombing raids.
Fighter jets and drones from the world's most powerful air force have carried out at least eight attacks over the past week near Kobani, but the raids have failed so far to turn the tide in the battle for the town near the Turkish border.
For some analysts and former US officials, the town's plight illustrates how bombing from the air has serious limitations without troops to guide the strikes to a target or a well-organised ally who can take advantage of the air support.
The Kurdish defenders are far from a coherent army and are badly outgunned, said Seth Jones, a former adviser to US special operations forces.
“At this point, it looks like Kurdish fighters face a well-organised and well-funded [ISIL] force,” they said.
“This is a notable concern across Syria, where US air power is not being coordinated well with ground forces – in part since there are a plethora of rebel groups in Syria.”
The number of US strikes near Kobani has been limited, and on a smaller-scale compared to some other locations, which some experts say reflects a murky intelligence picture.
Without forward air controllers in Kobani, fighter pilots likely find it difficult to distinguish friend from foe, particularly as the ISIL militants seek to move among civilians to conceal their location, said Ben Connable, a retired US marine intelligence officer.
“We probably don't have good enough intelligence to separate all the prospective targets from friendly fighters,” said Maj Connable, now a senior analyst at the RAND Corporation think tank.
Even with the advanced cameras and sensors on US planes, clearly identifying an enemy target remains difficult, and even more challenging in poor weather.
“It's hard to tell,” Maj Connable said. “You may think you have identified something in a video, but you may not have.”
But Kurdish leaders and some critics in Washington have accused Barack Obama of taking an overly cautious approach, arguing that US airstrikes could stop ISIL fighters in their tracks if the full potential of American air power was unleashed.
Retired US air force lieutenant general David Deptula said the aircrews flying the combat missions are hampered by cumbersome procedures and restrictive approval rules for strikes that are undercutting the impact of the campaign.
“There is a sense and there is feedback that there are too many people trying to micromanage the application of air power,” said Gen Deptula, who oversaw air campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In Kobani, “there needs to be 24/7 constant overwatch, and every time there are ISIL troops, vehicles, weapons that are observed – they need to be hit immediately”, they said.
The elaborate approval process for strikes is a legacy of the war in Afghanistan, they said, where US forces took extra precautions after disastrous mistakes that left civilians killed.
But they said the war in Syria and Iraq is a much different situation, where the targets are troops in trucks moving down roads.
Pentagon chief Chuck Hagel has denied that the air campaign is being micromanaged by the president or their aides, and that the head of US Central Command, Gen Lloyd Austin, has full authority to wage an unfettered air war.
A senior defence official rejected any suggestion that the airstrikes were being held up by meddling from the White House or bureaucratic rules.
“The idea that the war is being conducted out of the White House is wrong. Gen Austin has all the authorities they need,” said the official.
The Pentagon said on Friday that the airstrikes in Syria were not about altering the outcome of battles there but disrupting the ISIL's supply lines to help offensives carried out by Iraqi forces next door.
“I just want to make sure that I stress again that the focus in Syria has really been about the sanctuary and safe haven they enjoy,” said Rear Adm John Kirby said.
“In Iraq, it's really been much more focused on supporting Iraqi security forces and Kurdish forces on the ground.”
* Agence France-Presse
Time and time again we see how God gives God's people choices in their decisions to follow in God's way. The Annunciation story is but one of many pointing to a God who gives us the power to make moral choices and trusts that we will do so.
In my twenty-five years of ministry I have often been challenged about my pro-choice theological position. It happens during the Advent season especially, when those who oppose my position exclaim in loud and sometimes threatening tones, “What would have happened if Mary had had an abortion!”
I am always stunned by such a remark, of course. How did that person get from the Advent story of the Annunciation to abortion?
The Annunciation story, and for that matter, the remarkable story of God becoming human, says nothing about abortion. But it does say something about choice, and perhaps that is why it is a lightning rod text for those who seek to deny women the right to choose a safe and legal abortion.
The season of Advent is, for Christians worldwide, the time of preparation for the birth of Jesus. The Annunciation story is found in the Christian New Testament's Gospel according to Luke. One of the two gospels to tell the birth narrative of Jesus, Luke's Gospel includes the story of two women facing unplanned pregnancies. The story of the Annunciation begins with the angel Gabriel and a young girl whose name is Mary.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Mary is seen in their room, reading Torah perhaps, or a book of prayers, when suddenly an angel of God appears before them We like to imagine Mary this way because we see in them the ideal candidate for the role they are about to play.
The angel is in dazzling clothes, a sight to behold. “Greetings, favored one,” we hear Gabriel announce. Mary, not surprisingly, is perplexed by their words and wonders what might be happening.
“Don't be afraid,” the angel continues. “You have found favor with God.” But what kind of favor is in store for Mary? The story goes on to tell us that the angel pronounces that Mary will conceive and bear a son, who will be named Jesus.
A pro-choice reading makes one thing very clear. Mary, the young woman who has just received a visit from an angel, is blessed by God with the ability to make a choice. Mary is a young woman charged by the holy with their own moral agency, a woman able to reflect on their life and on the world around them
“How can this be?” Mary inquires. “The Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the most High will overshadow you.” The conception has not yet occurred. The possibility for Mary to decline this offer hovers between the angel and Mary. After all these words, it is now time for Mary to respond.
The author Frederick Buechner imagines the scene of Mary encountering the angel this way:
They struck them as hardly old enough to have a child at all, let alone this child. But they had been entrusted with a message to give her, and they gave it. They told them what the child was to be named, who they were to be, and something about the mystery that was to come upon them ‘You mustn't be afraid, Mary,' they said. As they said it, they only hoped they wouldn't notice that beneath the great golden wings, they themselves was trembling with fear to think that the whole future of Creation hung on the answer of a girl.”
In Buechner's book, Peculiar Treasures, there's a picture of Gabriel above that brief description. He's viewed from the rear. Their hands are behind their back, and their fingers are crossed.
“Let it be done to me according to your word.”
The angel waited for Mary's consent. And then we hear that Mary chooses to say yes to the angel's invitation.
I am not suggesting that God took a chance on Mary. I don't believe for a moment that God had any doubts that Mary would say yes. But I also hear in this well-loved scripture text the story of a God who understood that Mary could have a choice. It seems important to God that Mary agree to this pregnancy, that it not be forced upon them
Time and time again we see how God gives God's people choices in their decisions to follow in God's way. The Annunciation story is but one of many pointing to a God who gives us the power to make moral choices and trusts that we will do so.
We pro-choice religious people value life. We also value the sacred dimension of decision making. I believe now as I always have that a pro-choice theology is a pro-life theology. Our sexuality is a divine gift. We are partners with God in creation and we are blessed and challenged to make choices, to decide about when and how we will give birth to the next generation. For life to flourish, the scriptures remind us again and again, conditions need to be right.
I believe that a society is strong only when its women are able to have choices and make decisions about their reproductive health. That has been one of the guiding truths of my life. When women are denied the power to determine their own reproductive futures, they are denied the power to earn a decent living, denied the ability to seek higher education, denied the chance to live fully into the women that God has created them to be.
And when a society is determined to grant those choices to women, the society is better able to adapt to economic change, social change, and even political change. That is a lesson not only for Christians during Advent for but everyone, year-round.
When you're 91, as I am, you ruminate about all sorts of things, past, present and future. The other day I was imagining the 2046 U.S. Open. Why that year? No particular reason. My first year as USGA president was 1978, 34 years ago. Thirty-four years from now is 2046.
I would love to see the 2046 U.S. Open at ­Cypress Point, regarded by so many as the No. 1 course in the world. Some will say Cypress lacks the space and infrastructure an Open needs, but a man can dream, can't he? The course would not be the issue.
Many early American golf courses, like ­Cypress Point, are sports artworks that can and must remain relevant. For years there has been discussion at Cypress about extending the course beyond its existing 6,500 yards. Some, myself among them, have countered that the course's length should stay right where it is, and it has. It remains Alister MacKenzie's course. It is a joy and a challenge. The players are going to find the same thing at the U.S. Open at Merion next year. Cozy Merion will have plenty of bite, just as it did for Jones and Hogan and Nicklaus. Length is over­rated.
Shorter courses encourage faster play, and I hope that for the 2046 Open, the rounds will be played in no more than three hours. Pace of play is not even close to where it needs to be. Golf played briskly is healthier for the game and for those who play it.
I hope the rules in 2046 will be essentially what they are today, but I would also hope that the governing bodies add a rule that requires the putter­ to be the shortest club in a player's bag. I believe that anchoring a club against one's body is akin to allowing a croquet stroke.
The Open field will look far different 34 years from now. Of the 156 golfers in the 2046 Open, I would guess that roughly half would be from the U.S. Of those 78 players, I imagine about half would be ­African-­American. There might be at least 30 players from Asia and India and 20 from Europe. I could easily imagine a dozen women in the field. Why not?
I don't think the size of the players will be very different in 2046, but I do think physical training for golf will be radically different, and mental training even more so. The challenges of making a 10-foot putt will be the same in 2046 as they are now, but a higher percentage will be made with improved understanding of the mind-body connection.
I hope the players in the 2046 Open will not resort to drugs to improve performance, and I would be in favor of blood testing to ensure that. PEDs defile sports.
I expect the golfers in 2046 will dress quite differently than they do today. I could imagine sleeveless shirts and the elimination of anything that restricts mobility. Some will dress like Rickie Fowler. I say, Have at it. Color brightens the world!
By 2046, I believe that someone will have surpassed Nicklaus's record 18 major champion­ships. I simply hope that player has the manifold and manifest qualities that so distinguish Nicklaus. People sometimes forget that Jack had 19 ­second-place finishes in majors in a 24-year period. To be regarded as the greatest player of all time, a golfer will have to contend repeatedly, almost relentlessly, over many years, and handle disappointment with the grace that Jack always showed. That's part of why Jack is the greatest golfer ever.
I believe golf's overall health is not anywhere near where it ought to be in terms of access to the game, and I hope that will change over the next 34 years. The game enhances and extends life. The more people playing, the better. The more accessible courses are, the better.
My experience in developing a First Tee program in San Francisco convinces me that the program has the potential to develop millions of golfers. It is stimulating to think that one of them could be the winner of the 2046 Open.
And at that 2046 Open, I hope the USGA president enjoys handing over the Championship Cup to the winner as much as I did, and that the winner feels as much satisfaction as Andy North did in 1978.
I expect and hope that the golf population in 2046 will be vastly bigger and more diverse than it is today. I know that golf will enhance those players' lives. It certainly has enhanced mine.
(Photo: Will Wysong / Flickr)TransCanada Corporation describes itself as “a leader in the responsible development and reliable and safe operation of North American energy infrastructure.” Beginning in 2005, the company announced plans for the Keystone XL pipeline. In 2010, Canada's National Energy Board (NEB) approved the full pipeline project, stating that it was in the “public interest” to transport Canadian tar sands oil to the Gulf Coast in the United States.
If approved, the Keystone XL pipeline would transport oil from Alberta through six U.S. states: Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. Russ Girling, President and CEO of TransCanada, said the project would “improve U.S. energy security and reduce dependence on foreign oil from the Middle East and Venezuela.”
As opposition to the pipeline project increased — and dramatically so in the wake of BP's 2010 Gulf oil spill — Girling stated, “There is no way we could have ever predicted that we would become the lightning rod for a debate around fossil fuels and the development of the Canadian oil sands…The pipeline itself is routine. It's something we do every day. It will be a safe pipeline.”
Canada's National Energy Board, however, said that TransCanada had failed to meet safety standards for its pipeline within Canada. While the company “considered itself compliant,” a former TransCanada employee blew the whistle on TransCanada's “culture of noncompliance” of environmental and safety regulations that posed “significant public safety risks,” and referred to the company's approach as “organized crime.”
In the United States, TransCanada has been suing American citizens who refuse to allow the pipeline to cross their property, threatening to confiscate their lands through the application of “eminent domain,” which allows for the confiscation of private property if “it is judged to serve a larger public good.”
The U.S. State Department was responsible for undertaking an “environmental assessment” of the pipeline to determine whether or not it would be approved. Declassified documents revealed an intense lobbying effort by TransCanada with the State Department, including several officials with the company holding multiple meetings with high-level State Department officials.
TransCanada has hired multiple lobbying firms and individuals, many of whom have direct ties to the Obama administration. This potentially even includes ties to Obama's personal lawyer as well as to a former campaign adviser. In the first half of 2013, TransCanada spent nearly half a million dollars lobbying the United States on the Keystone project.
In 2013, the Canadian government announced its intentions to fund a massive $16 million PR campaign for the Canadian oil and energy industry in the United States, with a “key part” of the funding going toward promoting the Keystone project. This is part of an agenda decided in March of 2010, when officials from the Canadian federal government and the Alberta government met with oil and gas industry CEOs to discuss “upping their game” in promoting the tar sands.
By 2013, there were roughly 48 different groups lobbying the U.S. government on the issue of the Keystone project, and all but two appeared to be lobbying in favor of the project. While a good deal of the promotions for the project emphasized that it would create thousands – and potentially tens of thousands – of jobs, these jobs were almost exclusively temporary, and the State Department's own assessment noted that the actual number of full-time jobs that would be created by the pipeline would be 20.
Then, in early March of 2013, the State Department released a 2,000-page draft report assessing the environmental impact of the Keystone project. The State Department had contracted the writing of the report to “experts” who had previously worked for TransCanada. In fact, TransCanada even paid the consultancy firm to write the report, which was subsequently considered an official government document of the State Department.
Not surprisingly, the Canadian government and the oil industry praised the report, while environmentalists and climate scientists criticized it as “deeply flawed.” Both the EPA and the Department of Interior have subsequently slammed the report as “insufficient” and “inaccurate.”
The government of Canada has, for years, been writing laws and implementing major policies at the direct suggestion of the oil industry, and has increasingly been demonizing those who protest against the policies, especially indigenous and environmental groups.
The Canadian government has been increasingly equating protest groups with “terrorists,” and Canada's spy agencies have been providing information about protesters directly to energy corporations, and even infiltrating such groups in an effort to disrupt their actions. TransCanada provided training information to police agencies across the U.S. in which they refer to anti-pipeline protests as “terrorism.”
Russell K. Girling is the president and CEO of TransCanada and is a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives (CCCE), an interest group that consists of Canada's top 150 CEOs and was the main driving force behind corporate treaty projects like NAFTA. Girling is also a member of the U.S. National Petroleum Council and the U.S. Business Roundtable, as well as being a board member of Agrium Inc., an agribusiness conglomerate. Girling was also the co-chair of the City of Calgary 2012 United Way campaign.
Derek Burney, who sits on the board of TransCanada, is a senior advisor to the law firm Norton Rose Fulbright, chairperson of the international advisory board of GardaWorld, a member of the advisory board of Paradigm Capital, and a member of the board of governors of Ottawa Hospital. Burney is the former chairperson of the board of CanWest Global Communications Corporation (formerly Canada's largest newspaper conglomerate) from 2006 to 2010, former president and CEO of CAE Inc. (1999 to 2004), former chairperson and CEO of Bell Canada (1993 to 1999), and was the former lead director of Shell Canada from 2001 to 2007.
On top of that, Burney was the Canadian ambassador to the United States from 1989 to 1993, following two years serving as chief of staff to Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, in which time they were a pivotal figure involved in the negotiations of NAFTA. Burney was also the Prime Minister's personal representative to the G-7 Summits between 1990 and 1992.  They are the chancellor of Lakehead University, and was the head of the Conservative Transition Team in 2006 for Prime Minister Stephen Harper, after which time they were appointed to the Independent Panel on Canada's Future Role in Afghanistan (2007 to 2008). Burney is a distinguished alumnus of the Canadian Defence & Foreign Affairs Institute and is a member of the distinguished advisory council of the Norman Paterson School of International Affairs at Carleton University.
Richard E. Waugh is a member of the board and CEO of The Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank), a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives (CCCE), a director of the International Monetary Conference (IMC), an international meeting of bankers, and is vice chair of the board of directors of the Institute of International Finance (IIF), the largest and most influential international banking lobbying group. Waugh is also a member of the Council of the Americas, a member of the international advisory council of The Americas Society, a board member and chair of the Canada advisory board of Catalyst.  They are also a member of the advisory councils of the Schulich School of Business at York University, the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University, and the Canadian Museum of Human Rights, as well as being the former campaign chair for the United Way of Toronto, and the current co-chair of the Canada-Brazil CEO Forum.
Members of the board of TransCanada sit on the boards of multiple other energy and oil companies, media conglomerates, military contractors, banks, interest groups and think tanks, as well as having served in top government positions. The elites at TransCanada have the connections to push the Keystone pipeline down the throats of North Americans, to destroy the environment, and make a handsome profit in the process.
As Utah Phillips once wrote, “The earth is not dying, it is being killed, and those who are killing it have names and addresses.”
Toronto's distinctive City Hall and its large public square came about as the result of an international competition held in 1958 that attracted over 500 entrants from 42 countries. It put Toronto at the centre of a major discussion on Modernist architecture.
More than fifty years later, the record of that competition constitutes a unique catalogue of ideas about architectural design in the mid-twentieth century.
On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the opening of the “New City Hall”, the Toronto Public Library, in collaboration with Christopher Armstrong, Emeritus Professor, York University, has created this website to showcase some of our materials for study and research, to make knowledge of the competition more widely available, and to celebrate this landmark in Toronto's history.
We invite you to explore the designs of the finalists and of selected other entrants. To find out more, visit the Humanities & Social Sciences Department (2nd floor) or the Marilyn and Charles Baillie Special Collections Centre (5th floor) at the Toronto Reference Library.
In a postscript to their article on the Toronto City Hall Competition in Canadian Architect, April 1959, Swiss architect and historian Sigfried Giedion championed the publication of the results of international competitions. They gave three reasons:
"To honor the sponsor and their intention.
To honor the tremendous amount of work freely undertaken by the competitors.
To give later periods a chance of detecting important schemes overlooked at the time."
We hope this website in some part helps to achieve their vision.
Man stabbed, beaten by up to four men in SF's Tenderloin
San Francisco police are investigating separate stabbings over the weekend in the Mission District and Chinatown that left two men wounded, including one with life-threatening injuries. San Francisco police are investigating separate stabbings over the weekend in the Mission District and Chinatown that left two men wounded, including one with life-threatening injuries. Photo: Spencer Platt / Getty Image, Getty Image Photo: Spencer Platt / Getty Image, Getty Image Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man stabbed, beaten by up to four men in SF's Tenderloin 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 31-year-old man suffered critical injuries after they were chased down, beaten and stabbed in San Francisco's Tenderloin neighborhood, authorities said Monday.
Officers responded to reports of the stabbing near the corner of Turk and Leavenworth streets just after 10 p.m. on Friday, said Officer Albie Esparza, a police spokesperson.
Witnesses told investigators the victim, who was not identified, was screaming as they were chased by a group of up to four men, all between the ages of 20 and 25, Esparza said.
When the group caught the victim, Esparza said, they were knocked to the ground, beaten and stabbed multiple times in the torso and thigh.
Medics responded and, though the victim was combative, Esparza said, they were taken to San Francisco General Hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Esparza said police were canvassing the area for additional witnesses and video surveillance footage, but asked anyone who saw what happened to contact investigators at (415) 575-4444.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
A long time ago a few smart folks at the Institute for Healthcare Improvement figured out that the best way to improve medical care in this country is to focus on three things: Make a patient's experience more positive; improve the general health of the population; and reduce costs.
That three-legged strategy makes so much sense.
The first two are self-evident. The art of healing and easing pain doesn't make much sense if patients are made unhappy by the experience. We need to be partners with our doctors and other health care professionals. At the same time, at a system level, it's important to measure what works in public health. And then try to do more of that.
The third idea is uniquely American. The country spends way too much on health care and gets a lousy return for the investment. Our costs are more than double the average of other industrial nations, and all that money buys a shorter life expectancy, as well as higher incidents of chronic disease, than comparable developed countries.
I was thinking about this metric when I read a new study about oral health, titled “Dental Utilization for Communities Served by Dental Therapists in Alaska's Yukon Kuskokwim Delta: Findings from an Observational Quantitative Study.” Yes, I know. The title shouts drama—you want to know the story and then what happens next, right?
But wait. There's a good story before that story.
A generation ago, back in the 1990s, Alaska Natives faced a dental health crisis. It was a combination of several dangerous trends: too much sugar in the diet (replacing traditional foods) plus an extreme shortage of dentists. A 1998 study by the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium showed that only 20 dentists were serving more than 200 villages with some 85,000 people. That resulted in tooth decay reaching epidemic levels: About 70 percent of children under 14 had dental caries (a bacteria process that causes decay), and more than 90 percent of adolescents showed the disease.
Dental health therapy gave access to oral health to villages that had gone without.
Recruiting dentists to rural Alaska would be difficult and too expensive, so the Alaska Native community did something radically different: It generated its own oral health professionals.
In 2003, six students traveled to New Zealand for a two-year training program to become “dental health therapists.” That's half the time it takes to train a dentist—and at a cost significantly less. These highly trained mid-level providers work under the supervision of dentists. They do restorative and preventive services, dental exams, fillings, teeth cleaning, sealants, and simple tooth extractions. Basic stuff.
Dental health therapy gave access to oral health services to villages that had gone without. A success story.
More tribes and states have been moving forward with mid-level oral health care. The Swinomish Indian Tribal Community in Washington trained a dental therapist in 2015, and last month a new, Alaska-trained dental therapist began their practice for the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw. Dental therapists have been authorized in Minnesota, Maine, and Vermont, and they are being considered in Arizona, Kansas, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Mexico, North Dakota, and Ohio.
But the American Dental Association is opposed to the concept and lobbies against the idea. A June 2017 newsletter published by the Oregon Dental Association (where a dental health therapist pilot program is underway) says, “Proponents often casually remark that this will allow dentists to provide ‘more complex services.' There are no services in dentistry that are not complex. Because of the training a dentist receives, the procedure may become uncomplicated for the doctor, but from a patient safety perspective, every procedure is complex. They are exaggerating to say that an extraction is not a complex procedure. At the end of the day, the simple truth is that Native Americans deserve the same level of care that every other member of our society deserves.”
Dental health therapy hits the very best metric when it comes to any health care reform.
That brings us back to the new study, led by Dr. Donald Chi at the University of Washington. This review looked at a decade of patient and Medicaid records for 25,000 Alaska Native patients at the Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation. In research terms, that's a massive amount of data. The results showed children had lower rates of tooth extractions and more preventive care in Alaska Native communities served frequently by dental health aide therapists than residents in communities not receiving those services. Adults in communities with the highest DHAT visit days also had fewer extractions and more preventive care visits.
Access works. Period.
The UW study confirmed that dental health therapy hits the very best outcomes when it comes to any health care reform: serves patients, improves public health, and lowers costs.
Six years ago, I went with a group of dentists to Bethel, Alaska, to see the work of dental health therapy (funded by a grant by the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, a major supporter of the dental health therapists project). I was struck by a few things.
First, this is a community-based solution that works. Access to good health care is important, and Alaska Natives found a way to get it.
Second, the dentists tested the dental health therapists with questions about practice and procedure. Answers relied on their limited scope of practice, and when a procedure required more, these mid-level providers would refer patients elsewhere.
Third, I want to see this kind of access for all Americans. I hear from people all the time who can't find or afford a dental provider. Mid-level providers, much like nurse practitioners and physician assistants, lower costs and expand access—exactly what we need.
This article was funded in part by a grant from the Surdna Foundation.
Political activist Andy Hutchinson feels they have emphatically demonstrated their opposition to the Rupert Murdoch empire and, in particular, The Sun newspaper, by returning the free World Cup football supplement posted through every British letterbox (except Liverpool) to the well publicised freepost address used by the publication.
Hutchinson admitted, however, that their opposition to the Murdoch empire does not extend to other products such as their Sky TV and broadband package which, unlike the Sun, they admit to finding entertaining, informative, progressive, innovative and also quite reasonably good value for money.
‘When you live out in the sticks like I do, TV is the only way to stay in touch, and I quite enjoy watching football and golf at the weekends and downloading music and films. And Eamonn Holmes. Aahh! So I have reluctantly decided to stay subscribed to those services,' they said, but then dramatically turned around 180 degrees and added; ‘But the scumbags who decided to foist this rubbish on every home in the country should be punished, especially after what they wrote about the people of Liverpool 25 years ago, so this gesture being undertaken by thousands of similar activists will cost Murdoch some serious money, and really make them think about what their disgusting organisation is up to.'
Turning to the side, Mr Hutchinson continued; ‘I'm not just against Murdoch, I also hate fascist extremists such as Nigel Farage, so last month, like thousands of others, I sent a house brick to UKIP's freepost address. I'm glad I did it, but what really annoyed me was having to queue at the post office behind all those bloody immigrants who were posting their wages back home. Whose England is this?' they furiously asked. After a brief pause, they went back out to the post box to retrieve their copy of The Sun which they felt sure would give them the answer.
Jonathan Corbett from New York loves their Subaru WRX STI. But they love their daughter more. In what comes off at first as a typical Craigslist ad, they close by mentioning the car for sale is to raise money for stem cell therapy that they hope will help heal their 5-year-old daughter's brain, which suffered damage during birth.
As America debates how best to cover people's health care needs, it's a reminder of what some people—even diehard gearheads like us—will do to help the people they love.
Jonathan's daughter Colleen was born in October, 2011 after an arduous 22 hour delivery that required the use of a vacuum, and that ultimately resulted in a blood infection and subsequent blood transfusion, subdural hematoma (bleeding of the brain), and two major seizures.
With injuries to their left and right frontal lobes, Colleen has since been diagnosed with level two cerebral palsy and bilateral hearing loss, and may also have “cortical visual impairment.” They regularly have seizures, and to get around, they use a walker and a wheelchair.
But despite all that, Jonathan told Jalopnik their daughter is a fighter who loves music, and who's never afraid to show that she's a “sassy, stubborn, loving cuddle bug.”
Advertisement
As for the Subaru (a hatchback that the car enthusiast chose a year and a half ago in part because it could carry their daughter's wheelchair and other equipment), it's on its way out to help pay for stem cell therapy that's being offered by a clinic near Los Angeles. This $6,500 treatment, Jonathan told me over the phone, uses stem cells from umbilical cord blood to fix damaged cells or to grow new ones.
Jonathan says that, even though they have a Youcaring support site, the $7,500ish he'd get from selling the Subi (he still owes over $12,000 on the car) could help get their daughter care more quickly, and it could also fend off some of those bills in the mailbox.
Advertisement
Jonathan's Craigslist posting—in which they mention their daughter's condition only briefly at the end—describes a true enthusiast's car with a number of performance modifications, including a Cobb downpipe, SPT Exhaust, Cobb Accessport, and Eibach sway bars. They all seem like quality, sensible mods, and definitely not the work of a boyracer STI owner only looking to throw down mega power numbers.
Advertisement
To help me verify the story, Jonathan put me in touch with Colleen's elementary school one-on-one assistant, who had nothing but praise for Jonathan and their “beautiful and sweet little girl.”
Therapy for that “beautiful and sweet little girl” is worth offloading a 305-horsepower, all-wheel drive rally machine—of that there is no doubt. Still, it's never easy getting rid of a car, especially one as great as the last-generation WRX STI, and especially one that you've hooned around Watkins Glen (see photo below). So this move speaks volumes about this guy's dad-ing skills.
Advertisement
So if anyone near Camillus, New York is looking for a tastefully modified WRX STI, now's your chance. At $20,000, it actually seems like a good deal from a very good dad.
This piece was initially written in May for a run in a print magazine; however unfortunately was not published at the time. While things have moved on slightly as teams have gathered greater understanding of the aero updates, much of it is still relevant and worthwhile.
Without wishing to get too far ahead, I may soon be able to tell you more about the new-for-2018 Formula 2 car and engine package.
FIA EUROPEAN FORMULA 3 TECH UPDATE (May 2017)
Since our last Formula 3 technical update, there have been numerous sweeping changes to the F3 regulations. As budgets have risen to approximately €700,000-750,000 per season for a top drive (not including the Macau Grand Prix), teams have either struggled to find drivers or have simply resigned altogether.
With the aim of cutting costs, the FIA have outlawed individual windtunnel testing by teams, with the chassis manufacturer completing aero development work and delivering performance updates to the teams. The first result of this update came earlier this year in testing, when Dallara delivered a new package, which included a front wing with new endplates and outer front wing flaps; a new rear wing with an adjusted profile endplates and a new floor and diffuser designed to increase downforce and reduce drag. This has also increased the weight of the car by 15kg.
According to front-running one team principal, ‘the new floor has eased the instability at the rear of the car that the previous version had, making it easier to accelerate out of corners.' The team boss also felt that this should help the field close up, as the new stability allows “lesser able” competitors find to get on the throttle much quicker on corner exit, with reduced risk of the back end stepping out.
There have also been safety modifications to the Dallara F317. The nose box has been pushed slightly back and the nose itself lowered to prevent cars getting airborne, while the front impact structure has been updated, resulting in an increase of the impact energy absorption by about 25 per cent. In line with Formula One safety regulations, additional secondary U-shaped intrusion panels have been added to the sides and bottom area on the front of the car.
The survival cell of the monocoque has been fitted with additional padding to protect drivers' legs and wheel tethers have been upgraded to sustain forces of up to 6kJ instead of 4kJ, to further minimise the risk of wheels getting detached from the chassis in case of a crash. There will also now be data sharing between the teams, as the series aims to equalise opportunities for drivers in a category that has been won by a Prema Powerteam pilot every year since 2011.
According to Prema Powerteam racer Callum Ilott, the car which already had a reasonable amount of downforce now has even more. Ilott added, ‘the front wing is more efficient – this is noticeable – particularly this is coming from the end plates, while the new diffuser has improved the car.'
The teenager also noted that the weight increase of the car exaggerates the handling, amplifying the feel of oversteer. Ilott concluded by saying, ‘these are very small changes though – it doesn't feel like a step change in handling. The effect overall on the car in the feeling is small but it has had the effect of closing the gap between all the teams at this point in the season.'
While the modifications are impressive, there have been some quiet criticisms regarding the cost of the complete update package, with comments that any savings made by windtunnel ban have been largely negated by the additional spend on the performance and safety update kit. The asupervisorstioned team boss told me of a round figure of €45,000 or higher for the new kits, depending on how much a given F3 car needed to be updated. Personnel limits have also been placed on the teams, although it is believed that this likely mostly affected the likes of Hitech GP and to a lesser extent van Amersfoort Racing.
The European Championship has been reduced to five teams running nineteen drivers (as of the season opener at Silverstone) and while there have been rumours that British teams Fortec and T-Sport would re-enter should the right driver with the right budget appear, it is still the smallest field since the European Championship's rebirth earlier this decade. Alas as it stands, both teams are currently stuck with cars in 2016 chassis configuration in their factory's.
Today we had the pleasure of interviewing Alaska Thunderfuck, Rupaul's Drag Race Season 5 runner-up and also one of the most amazing queens to be on RPDR in history. 1) If you could change anything about the world of drag, what would it be?
Alaska: I wish that people were kinder and gentler to one another.
2) What are the worst and best parts about doing drag?
Alaska: The best part is the 7-10 minutes I get to be onstage. The worst part is taking it off which somehow seems to take longer than putting it on.
3) What is the weirdest thing a fan has ever done to you?
Alaska: I've had fans get my face or my signature or HIEEE tattooed on their body, which is kind of weird. But weird is a good thing in my vocabulary.
4) Where is your favorite place to perform?
Alaska: I like places that have a curtain that opens.
5) I'm sure the pittsburgh drag scene is very different than the drag scene in the larger cities.Do you ever miss it?
Alaska: We had many magical, wonderful times in Pittsburgh. We were a family, and it was a very special moment in time where so many forces and circumstances aligned and I don't think it could ever be recaptured or replicated. I will always treasure the times I've had in Pittsburgh and my many lovely friends who are there.
6) What are you going to be for Halloween?
Alaska: Ace Ventura.
7) What do you consider to be your greatest accomplishment?
Alaska: I watched Sex & the City from start to finish in like a week.
8) What difficulties did you encounter on your way to drag stardom?
Alaska: Whenever you're on the path to living your truth, you will be faced with every difficulty imaginable. You will be forced to stare down your worst fears and your biggest insecurities time and time again. Plus there was that unfortunate time period when I wasn't wearing nails…
9) Do you have any quotes or mantras that you live your life by?
Alaska: Anus.
10) Do you have any advice for the LGBT youth with bullying?
Alaska: Don't kill yourself. Be strong, and get through it. In a few years, you'll have a really interesting life, and the people bullying you will be miserable and old.
11) Do you have any upcoming projects you can share with us?
Alaska: The music video for my next hit single NAILS will be coming out in the next few months. On the video I got to work with Ben and Katelyn Simkins and the Denver-based Geek Mythology Productions– they are very talented and passionate about their work. I'm excited about the video and the song to be released.
12) Are there any misapprehensions about you that you wish you could erase?
Alaska: No, they're mostly true.
13) What are the best and worst decisions you've made so far?
Alaska: It's important not to beat yourself up over bad decisions, but also not to congratulate yourself too much for your successes. But I'm glad I made the decision to work hard, and to be kind and respectful whenever I can.
14) Are there any crimes you would commit knowing you could get away with it?
Alaska: I wish that certain venues would let people in who are under the age of 21 or the age of 18. I've met fans a few times outside of clubs who weren't allowed in because they were too young. Just let them in!
15) What were your favorite moments and challenges of rupaul's drag race season 5?
Alaska: I like the challenges where I won, like the perfume ad and the Sugar Ball. And making a speech inspired by Gloria Allred. But really the whole experience was amazing and life-altering. So I'm really grateful for the whole thing. I like the challenges where I won, like the perfume ad and the Sugar Ball. And making a speech inspired by Gloria Allred. But really the whole experience was amazing and life-altering. So I'm really grateful for the whole thing.
Thank you to Alaska for the interview! You can find them on instagram at @theonlyalaska5000 and on Twitter at @alaska5000 !
Stay tuned for new interviews!
by Adan Salazar
The Sandy Hook school shooting was a giant, elaborate hoax and no one really died; that's the conclusion Wolfgang Halbig, a former educator, US Customs agent and Florida state trooper, has reached after ten months of investigation and multiple disputes with federal, state and school authorities.
Halbig is convinced a deluge of discrepancies proves that the whole scenario was a scripted event.
“..I suspect, in my professional opinion as a consultant and doing this a long, long time, I think it's a scripted event that took place. I think it was in planning for maybe two, two and a half years,” Halbig said recently in an explosive interview with American Free Press.
Halbig is not your average conspiracy theorist. In fact he's not one at all.
Click here to listen to audio
He's a former educator and law enforcement officer who now contracts out as a national school safety consultant.
Their job is to help schools prevent incidents like the one that unfolded in Newtown. In order to do that, they need to know exactly what happened at Sandy Hook.
“How do I tell people how to make their school safer when we don't even have the truth about Sandy Hook?” asked a frustrated Halbig. “See, there is a nexus, I do this for a living.”
But school, state and federal officials aren't making their job easy, and the state's even threatened them for meddling in their affairs.
“They were in plain clothes,” Halbig recalled, describing a visit from Lake County homicide investigators. “They introduced themselves, they showed me their identification, their badges, and they basically said, ‘We need to have a conversation,' and I said, ‘Well come on in, sit down, make yourselves comfortable,' and then they read off my resumé. I mean, somehow, they did a lot of homework.. Basically the next thing they said was if I don't stop, the Connecticut state police were gonna file charges and they recommended that I hire an attorney.”
The retired school principal, however, affirmed he's in the right. “I said there is no way in the world that I'm gonna hire an attorney, because I'm following the procedures of the Connecticut state Freedom of Information Act. I mean, if anybody ought to be arrested, I said you tell those guys they ought to be arrested for failing to comply by the law of Connecticut.”
They say they also treated them in a threatening manner, stating “if I don't comply that bad things are going to happen to me.”
Nevertheless, Halbig says, like any homicide investigation, Sandy Hook is a giant puzzle, but one which the public hasn't been provided all the pieces to solve.
“..[T]his crime that was committed is a puzzle and no one can show me the pieces to put together to finish this puzzle. They don't fit no matter how hard you try.. you and your listeners will not be able to put this puzzle together,” Halbig attested to host Dave Gahary.
Unanswered Questions
For Halbig, there are unanswered questions, lots of them.
For instance, why in the immediate aftermath of the shooting were no medical helicopters summoned?
“Think about it: you have 20 children, 6 staff members who were supposed to have been shot. They're seriously injured. Where's the trauma helicopters? Those are the quickest and the best medical services that any child or any school staff member can receive, and no trauma helicopters were ever requested?”
Halbig also called Life Star emergency services, who confirmed they were never summoned that morning. “[T]hey said, ‘Mr. Halbig we were never requested on that morning. We were shocked and surprised, we were ready, we thought we were going to go to Sandy Hook.' They had helicopters ready to go, but they were never asked.. Here's my premise.. there wasn't anybody there to be treated.”
Halbig also questions why EMT and firefighters, who were mere minutes away from the scene, were prevented from entering the school and possibly saving lives, and additionally, they want to know how, within the first 11 minutes, America was already presented with a death toll.
“Who declared all those 26 people dead within the first 11 minutes? Connecticut law states that only a doctor can declare them dead, legally dead.”
Moreover, Halbig says the FBI's classification of the school shooting report is something he's never witnessed in their entire career. “I can tell you [out of] all the shootings, never has an FBI agency ever classified an investigative report on a school shooting.”
More Unanswered Questions
There are also a whole host of peculiarities Halbig is still baffled by.
For example, why was Sandy Hook elementary torn down? Even in the Columbine tragedy, whose crime scene Halbig assisted with and in which they testified as a key witness, the school was cleaned up, but was never torn down.
According to Halbig, no one could tell them which environmental company cleaned up the bloody mess, or who installed the school's security system, all things their job would require them to know.
They have other pressing questions, such as: Why was there a registered nurse found in the building four hours after the shooting? Why was there a sign flashing “Everyone must sign in?” Why were there port-a-potties on site within three hours? Why were children turned around by officers and sent back into rooms supposedly littered with dead bodies? How did someone with Asperger's have the physical coordination to carry the large amount of munitions Adam Lanza supposedly carried? Why did no parents file a lawsuit against the school, when in every other school shooting suits have been filed? And ultimately, why would the state threaten Halbig?
“The things [we're] talking about.. they should never offend any parent…These are simple questions that we as homicide investigators, we need to know and we should know.”
Truth Seeking Won't Stop
Altogether, from the puzzle pieces he's collected and analyzed, Halbig concludes there is a massive cover up.
“Absolutely… It is.. when you refuse to respond to simple requests, something is not right.”
The next step legally, Halbig says, would be to hire attorneys and depose the key players of the investigation, because, “The only way you're ever gonna get the truth is by getting them to raise their right hands..” “..[I]f you lie in a deposition and if you're caught in that lie, there are a lot of things that you can lose, you can go to jail and you can lose your retirement..” warns the safety consultant.
When asked if they feel their life could be in danger if the cover-up goes all the way up to the White House, Halbig answered they are not fearful because he's led a rich life, but that for him, people showing up and knocking on their door was the final straw.
“Here's the problem and this is what got me fired up even more, is when they start bringing people to my house.”
Halbig says next he's traveling to Newtown, Conn. and scoping out the crime scene, and that he's possibly planning a Sandy Hook event in Orlando, Florida sometime in the near future.
They say they won't stop until they get some answers.
Below, check out Infowars' report on why so many people think the Sandy Hook school shooting was a staged event.
Copyright Infowars, 2014
NEWARK -- The lane closures at the George Washington Bridge that resulted in the 2013 "Bridgegate" scandal may have caused "improperly created traffic," but doing so did not violate anyone's constitutional rights, a brief filed late Wednesday by one of the defendants says.
Attorney Michael Critchley, representing Bridget Anne Kelly, ex-deputy chief of staff for Gov. Chris Christie, argued that the inconvenience to motorists caused by cutting off Fort Lee's access to some traffic lanes at the bridge did not amount to a federal crime.
"At what point does the inconvenience become a federal crime?" they asked. "Does the inconvenience associated with adjusting the access lanes from three to two constitute a violation of the as-of-yet recognized constitutional right to be free from inconvenience?"
The filing, along with one from lawyers for Bill Baroni, former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is the latest effort to dismiss the federal charges filed against them about a year ago for allegedly planning and executing the lane closures as a way to punish Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich for failing to endorse Christie's re-election.
Since the right to be free from improperly created traffic is not "clearly established," Critchley argued, the defendants did not have "fair notice" that what they were doing could be illegal. By that measure, several counts of the indictment against Kelly should be dismissed as a matter of law, the brief says.
Critchley's brief also attacked U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman's argument that a federal anti-corruption statute could be cited against the defendants, with Critchley saying the prosecutors' argument is in "completely uncharted water." Instead, the filing says, the law is intended as an anti-bribery and theft statute, and neither Kelly nor Baroni profited from the lane closures.
"The only purported 'benefit' that Ms. Kelly received was the alleged 'pleasure' of punishing Mayor Sokolich by creating traffic in Fort Lee," Critchley said.
Who else knew about Bridgegate?
In a separate brief, Baroni's lawyers Michael Baldassare and Jennifer Mara also sought dismissal of the charges, saying there is no constitutional right to travel on roadways free of restrictions, and that they had no "fair warning" that their alleged acts might be unlawful.
The bulk of Baroni's argument, however, was that their constitutional rights were violated. Baldassare and Mara charged that prosecutors used "immunized" testimony that Baroni gave in hearings in Trenton as the basis for the charges against them -- even though they were not sworn in at the hearings.
Courts have "overwhelmingly found" that legislative committee witnesses could not be prosecuted for their testimony even if they were not subpoenaed or sworn in before testifying, the filing said.
The brief asks U.S. District Judge Susan D. Wigenton to order a hearing at which the government would have the "heavy burden" of showing that the documents Baroni produced in the hearing were not the sole source of any allegations in their indictment.
Baroni's rights to due process also has been violated, the brief says, by the "fundamentally unfair" treatment afforded to the defendants as opposed to a hands-off approach toward Gibson Dunn & Crutcher -- the law firm hired by Christie that issued a report exonerating them from responsibility for Bridgegate.
The next step in the case will have the government and the defendants meet April 28 in federal court for more oral arguments and scheduling.
The trial is now scheduled to start Sept. 12.
Besides Baroni and Kelly, former Port Authority official David Wildstein also was charged in the lane closure conspiracy. They pleaded guilty last year.
Also Wednesday, Gibson Dunn attorney Randy Mastro, representing the governor's office, filed a request asking for two extra weeks to provide materials subpoenaed by Baroni's and Kelly's lawyers. Wigenton earlier this year allowed the defendants to subpoena Gibson Dunn, which produced its Bridgegate report without any supporting notes, for more information.
Two more weeks would move the deadline for producing the materials to April 28, a move that Mastro said the defendants agreed to, but is not supported by federal prosecutors.
Mastro, in the letter, said the subpoenas were "overbroad," asking for far more materials than the government, adding that some of the documents should be kept private because they touch on non-public matters.
Tim Darragh may be reached at tdarragh@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @timdarragh. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Stocks rallied broadly on Monday, ending a three-day losing streak as investors moved past concerns that the terrorist attacks in Paris could hurt the global economy.
Oil and gas stocks were among the biggest gainers. The price of crude rose. Traders also bid up shares in military contractors, while travel-related stocks slumped.
The gains followed an uneven day in European markets, which shook off an early loss and ended mixed.
“It all comes down to, are consumers going to be staying at home and not out spending money because they're afraid that if they go anywhere they're going to be victims of a terrorist attack?” said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “That might be the case if you saw a series of these things, but hopefully that's not what's going to happen, and the economy is not going to be affected.”
Russian food safety watchdog Rospotrebnadzor said Thursday it was conducting unscheduled checks at McDonald's restaurants in the Sverdlovsk region in the Urals as well as in a number of other areas across the country.
Citing local watchdog official Natalya Lukyantseva, Itar-Tass news agency reported that the inspections were meant to verify whether reports about sanitary law breaches were justified.
The checks on Thursday came a day after Rospotrebnadzor ordered the temporary closure of four McDonald's restaurants in Moscow over what the watchdog said were "fears of sanitary violations."
Taking revenge?
The restaurants shuttered included the US company's first-ever branch in Russia, which was opened in the waning days of the Soviet Union and which the firm said was its most-frequented in the world.
McDonald's head office in Illinois said the company was working to get the restaurants opened again as soon as possible.
"We are closely studying the subject of the documents to define what should be done to reopen the restaurants," it said in a statement Wednesday.
McDonald's has well over 400 restaurants across Russia and employs more than 37,000 people there. The Russian watchdog's decision to probe the US firm comes against a backdrop of a sanctions spiral triggered by the protracted standoff between the West and Moscow over the Ukraine conflict.
hg/tj (Reuters, AFP)
With the Australian Open under way, the tennis world is reacting to the bombshell BuzzFeed/BBC report.
A cloud of scandal is hanging over the first major tennis tournament of the year, with the Australian Open kicking off yesterday following a bombshell report from BuzzFeed and the BBC that exposed what it calls evidence of match-fixing by some of the top men's players in the world. The report didn't reveal any names — beyond the ones who'd previously been investigated — but it called attention to how widespread the practice allegedly is, and how the players flagged to authorities have not faced sanctions. Here's what you need to know about the scandal.
What do we know about the players involved?
The report didn't name names, but it did give some details about those involved. A core group of 16 players has been repeatedly flagged to tennis authorities, all of whom have ranked at some point in the top 50. That group, according to the report, includes winners of Grand Slam singles and doubles tournaments. It also claims that one player currently participating in the Australian Open is suspected of repeatedly fixing the first set of matches. Beyond that core group of 16, the report says that 70 names appear on nine leaked lists of suspected fixers over the past decade. A separate BuzzFeed analysis into betting patterns also identified 15 players who regularly lost matches in which lopsided wagering appeared to shift the odds, which it calls a red flag for possible match-fixing. Four of those players, according to BuzzFeed, showed “particularly unusual patterns.”
How did the match-fixing allegedly work?
The report details how gambling syndicates in Russia and Italy have made hundreds of thousands of pounds placing highly suspicious bets on matches, including ones at Wimbledon and the French Open. Players were allegedly offered $50,000 or more per fix, and bettors could cash in by wagering against a player they knew was going to lose.
What started all of this?
The tennis authorities' focus on potential fixes was triggered by a 2007 match between the highly favored Nikolay Davydenko and Martin Vassallo Arguello in the second round of the Orange Prokom tournament. A large number of bets were placed on Arguello, even as Davydenko won the first set and took the lead in the second. The Betfair gambling exchange in London took note and alerted officials. Davydenko's play began to falter, they requested medical time-outs because of ankle and toe issues, and they eventually retired from the match. Betfair voided all bets on the match, and an investigation followed.
Davydenko and Arguello both denied the match was rigged, but investigators concluded that a betting syndicate in Russia “knew … the outcome of the match in question before its conclusion.” But because of various roadblocks, investigators couldn't determine who the guilty party was, and concluded that they had “been unable to find any evidence to support the possibility of Nikolay Davydenko or Martin Vassallo Arguello being involved in any corrupt practices surrounding their second-round match in Sopot on 2nd August 2007.” As a result, the International Tennis Federation launched a sweeping review of match-fixing.
Has that review cleaned up the sport?
According to the report, no. Ben Gunn, a former police chief who led the 2008 review that recommended the formation of an "integrity unit," says that authorities had an opportunity to address the issue but instead created what the report calls a "feeble and understaffed integrity unit that ignored key betting evidence." Says Gunn: “What they did is a plastic solution which was not effective then and it's not effective now." In all, more than 20 gambling industry officials, police detectives, and sports integrity experts tell BuzzFeed that the sport has failed to sufficiently confront the issue.
What do tennis officials have to say about all of this?
The sport's governing bodies, including the ATP and WTA tours for men and women respectively, deny that they're ignoring a problem or covering up a scandal. From a joint statement: “The Tennis Integrity Unit and the tennis authorities absolutely reject any suggestion that evidence of match fixing has been suppressed for any reason.” Via The Guardian, Chris Kermode, the chief executive of the ATP, says that “while the BBC and BuzzFeed reports mainly refer to events from about 10 years ago, we will investigate any new information, and we always do. In its investigations, the Tennis Integrity Unit has to find evidence, as opposed to information, suspicion or hearsay. This is the key here: that it requires evidence.”
How are players reacting?
Andy Murray has called for more transparency when suspected fixes are being investigated, and said more needs to be done to educate players tempted by huge sums of money.
Novak Djokovic, the top-ranked men's player in the world, says they were indirectly offered $200,000 to lose a first-round match at a tournament in Russia in 2007. Said Djokovic: “For me, that's an act of unsportsmanship, a crime in sport honestly. I don't support it. I think there is no room for it in any sport, especially in tennis.”
And Roger Federer said they “would love to hear names.” Via ESPN:
0 Waffle House pitchfork robbery suspect arrested for murder
NORCROSS, Ga. - The man accused of robbing a Waffle House with a pitchfork in Gwinnett County is now accused of more serious crimes in Tennessee, according to police.
Jeffrey Willard Wooten, 49, was taken into custody Friday afternoon in Knoxville after allegedly killing a man, carjacking a vehicle and leading police on a chase, the Knox County Sheriff's Office said.
Deputies were called to a Hunters Ridge Way home around noon after a woman reported that their vehicle had been taken at gunpoint and their brother had been shot, the Sheriff's Office said.
The woman told police they and their mother pulled into the mother's driveway and were confronted by a man with a gun. The man, later identified as Wooten, took the woman's vehicle and fled, police said.
When the woman entered the house, they found their brother, Randy Lands, 44, dead. They had been shot and killed according to police.
On May 1, Norcross police said Wooten entered a Waffle House in Buford wearing a ski mask and coveralls and carrying a pitchfork and forced employees into a back room. Wooten then grabbed the cash register and tried to leave the restaurant.
Outside of the Waffle House, Wooten dropped their pitchfork, according to police. But they held on to the cash register. Two restaurant employees than grabbed the pitchfork and used it to smash the back window of Wooten's truck, police said.
Investigators believe Wooten may have been injured while attempting to leave the restaurant. They refused to stop for police and later abandoned their truck, police said.
Wooten had eluded capture until Friday, when they crashed and was arrested in Knox County, police said. They were booked into the Knox County Jail.
BLAM! A rare video game joke!* Next stop, that hot Penny-Arcade money!
I'm preparing my sled full of drugs now.**
<3 Mike
“Cooking Wine” –Alkaline Trio
*In the Castlevania video game series, where your job is usually to kill Dracula, there are candlesticks throughout the levels that you can break for powerups like ammo and money. Many of the Castlevania games are exquisite, and if you've never played them you're missing out on some of the best gaming ever. Sadly I think most great Castlevanias are available for the Nintendo DS only, but I do believe you can get Symphony of the Night on XBOX arcade.
** I'm not saying the PA guys do drugs, I'm saying that if I ever had more than $40 dollars it would mean the beginning of my comically irresponsible death.
At the Bellator 120 weigh-ins, all 28 fighters taking part in Saturday night's Bellator 120 fights will step on the scale Friday evening, and we'll have the live video here at MMAFighting.com.
In the main event, Rampage Jackson and King Mo Lawal will have to make the light heavyweight limit of 205 pounds.
The Bellator 120 weigh-in takes place at 6 p.m. ET at the Landers Center, and the video is above.
The Bellator 120 weigh-in results are below.
Main card (PPV at 10 p.m. ET):
Rampage Jackson (205.9) vs. King Mo (205.6)
Michael Chandler (154.9) vs. Will Brooks (154.2)
Alexander Shlemenko (201.9) vs. Tito Ortiz (205.5)
Blagoi Ivanov (249.5) vs. Alexander Volkov (236.1)
Rickey Rainey (170.1) vs. Michael Page (170.5)
Undercard (Spike TV at 8 p.m. ET):
Cheick Kongo (239.0) vs. Eric Smith (253.8)
Marcin Held (158.0) vs. Nate Jolly (158.0)
Shahbulat Shamhalaev (145.1) vs. Fabricio Guerreiro (147.9)
Goiti Yamauchi (145.5) vs. Mike Richman (145.5)
Undercard (MMA Fighting at 6 p.m. ET):
Zach Underwood (152.3) vs. Austin Lyons (152.4)
Justin Frazier (264.5) vs. Mike Wessel (257.9)
Ben Brewer (170.2) vs. Andy Uhrich (170.5)
Anthony Lemon (170) vs. Codie Shuffield (170)
Cortez Phelia (125.6) vs. Brian Hall (125.6)
The UK Prime Minister David Cameron has pledged 3.500 troops to a new Nato high-readiness force, which is likely to be agreed upon at the final day of the Nato Summit in Newport.
Cameron said the force will be launched in response to "Russia trampling illegally over Ukraine", as they warned Nato will "always uphold Article 5" of its charter, which states the alliance will defend any member state that finds itself under attack.
The new force would be headquartered in Poland, with bases across "the Eastern allies" and is likely to form the backbone of the new Readiness Action Plan (RAP), which Nato hopes to finalise today.
Cameron urged Nato counterparts to increase their defence spending to 2% of GDP and to invest in modern equipment, which is "as important as the overall amount of money" spent.
If Nato wishes to extend its security, they said, it should export it to allies in Georgia, Jordan and Iraq, in what they described as "the first step in a long-term commitment to help our friends and allies".
Meanwhile, Britain's Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said the West would push ahead with sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis.
However, they added that while Britain is considering the possibility of military action against Islamic State jihadists in Iraq, the country has not made any commitment to take part in any air strikes.
Also today, the UK will join Canada, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in establishing a 10,000-strong joint expeditionary force (JEF), which will also be geared towards rapid mobilisation.
This is separate to the RAP, the Latvian Director-General for Security Policy and International Organisations Baiba Braze told IBTimes UK, "but it responds well with what we're doing with Nato's rapid reaction".
Keith Duffy thinks other members of Boyzone and Westlife would love to join the super-group Boyzlife - but they don't want them.
Keith Duffy thinks other members of Boyzone and Westlife would love to join the super-group Boyzlife - but they don't want them.
Keith Duffy: 'I'm sure they would love to join Boyzlife but we haven't invited them'
The Dubliner is one half of the group, which also features Brian McFadden.
Keith Duffy and Brian McFadden have formed Boyzlife
They have been on a tour of the UK and have no plans to invite any other former members to join them.
"I'm sure they would love to join but we haven't invited them," they said. "We don't want them.
"Why would you want to split the money three ways instead of two ways?
"We just did about 29 dates in the UK. We did Glasgow right down to Brighton.
"It's a bit full-on at the moment, but it's all good."
Boyzlife has not gone without controversy, with Keith previously hitting out at former Westlife members Kian Egan and Nicky Byrne after they heard they criticised the group.
They said the pair took themselves too seriously and they did not care what they thought about the group.
The father-of-two reckons they and Brian will continue to perform together for many years to come.
"Boyzlife has been going on for two years now and it's going to keep going," they told the Herald.
"By default or by accident, we have fallen into a corporate market and the corporate work that's coming in is fantastic. It's great, we're getting to travel and getting to work together.
"Myself and Brian have always been pals. We don't take anything too seriously.
"We're doing gigs for cruise lines, for Euro Disney, it's very busy.
"We're going to keep going for as long as people want to see us."
Keith and Brian have begun writing some new material together, which they hope to record over the coming months.
However, Boyzone's 25-year reunion in 2018 is taking top priority for the time being.
"We've already written a couple of songs together and we're going to get in and record them over the next couple of months," Keith said.
"There's a Boyzone reunion happening next year and Warner Music have signed a deal with us for a new album, which we're going to record in November and December, and then we'll be out in April for an arena tour."
Keith's former Boyzone bandmate Ronan Keating recently welcomed a new addition to their family.
Their wife Storm gave birth to their first child together, a boy named Cooper, and Keith revealed they have been introduced to them on Skype.
Keith was speaking at the launch of Dolmio's Mealtime Memories initiative, which encourages families to make an effort to have their meals together.
Online Editors
Collage: VICE (Bundestag: imago | Blickwinkel; Cannabis: imago | Chromorange)
Jamaika und Kiffen gehört zusammen, zumindest popkulturell. In der Politik ist das momentan etwas komplizierter. CDU/CSU, Grüne und FDP beraten seit Wochen über eine Koalition und eine der Streitfragen (wenn auch sicher nicht die wichtigste) ist die Legalisierung von Cannabis. "Die Chance ist da, das Thema liegt auf dem Tisch", sagt die stellvertretende FDP-Bundesvorsitzende Marie-Agnes Strack-Zimmermann gegenüber VICE. Die Politikerin ist am vergangenen Wochenende zur "Cannabis normal"-Konferenz gekommen, um mit anderen Politikern und Experten aus Wissenschaft, Wirtschaft und Medizin über die Zukunft von Cannabis in Deutschland zu diskutieren.
In ihrem Wahlprogramm forderten Liberalen, Cannabis kontrolliert freizugeben und Konsumenten zu entkriminalisieren: "An der Stelle sind wir mit den Grünen dicht beisammen", sagt die FDP-Politikerin. Es ist eines der wenigen Themen, bei denen sich FDP und Grüne überhaupt so nahe sind. Und genau das macht die Freigabe von Cannabis unter einer Jamaika-Regierung so realistisch wie nie zuvor.
Sollten die Jamaika-Gespräche scheitern – und die Wahrscheinlichkeit ist 50/50, sagen FDP und Grüne –, dann liegt das an der Europa-, Bildungs-, Einwanderungs- oder Finanzpolitik. Aber eben weil das Thema Cannabis so nebensächlich ist, kann es zum Spielball werden. Etwa als Bestandteil eines größeren Kompromisses. In der Unwichtigkeit des Themas liegt seine Chance.
Union geht der Cannabis-Frage lieber aus dem Weg
Gänzlich unkompliziert wird es aber nicht. Für die Union ist das Thema noch so fern, dass sie auf der "Cannabis normal" noch nicht einmal mitdiskutieren will. Obwohl der Organisator Georg Wurth vom Deutschen Hanfverband (DHV) sagt, er habe sich um Unionspolitiker bemüht, wollte niemand kommen. Besonders die CSU hat keinen Bock auf Gras: "Wir sind strikt gegen eine Legalisierung", sagte der innenpolitische CSU-Sprecher Stephan Mayer vor zwei Wochen dem Tagesspiegel. Das Thema sei "nicht verhandelbar". Vor der Wahl erklärte die CDU gegenüber VICE, dass eine Drogenfreigabe "keine verantwortliche Alternative zur Suchthilfe" sei. Die Grünen scheiterten im Bundestag mit einem Gesetzentwurf zur Legalisierung erst im Juni.
Heute zeigt sich die CDU zumindest bereit, über das Thema zu sprechen. "Wenn wir die großen Baustellen wie die Digitalisierung im Gesundheitswesen oder die Verbesserungen [...] für Pflegepersonal abgeräumt haben, wird sich sicherlich auch bei einem Thema wie Cannabis eine Lösung finden", sagte der CDU-Gesundheitspolitiker Michael Hennrich der Stuttgarter Zeitung. Strack-Zimmermann von der FDP glaubt, dass es sogar in der Union einige Befürworter gibt: "Der ein oder andere wartet darauf, dass wir als Freie Demokraten in der Cannabis-Debatte vorangehen."
Auch bei VICE: Wie das Cannabisverbot in Großbritannien versagt
Gegenüber VICE will sich die Union vor Ablauf der Sondierungsgespräche nicht äußern, antwortet die CDU-Pressestelle. Sie verweist auf die veröffentlichten Sondierungspapiere im Bereich Gesundheit. Auf dem vierseitigen Papier versteckt sich das Gras so weit unten wie sonst nur in den Socken bayerischer Kiffer.
Dabei hätte die Union auf der Konferenz ihren Gras-Horizont erweitern können. "Das Verbot ist gescheitert", erklärte André Schulz, Vorsitzender des Bundes Deutscher Kriminalbeamter (BDK). Laut ihm gab es noch nie so viele Cannabis-Verfahren in Deutschland wie im Jahr 2016. Die ernüchternden Ermittlungserfolge deutscher Behörden beliefen sich im Schnitt auf rund "zweieinhalb Tonnen Gras pro Jahr" – was selbst bei konservativer Schätzung "für alle deutschen Kiffer nur rund eine Woche" ausreichen würde, scherzt Schulz.
Der ehemalige Polizeipräsident aus Münster, Hubert Wimber, sagt, er halte das derzeitige Betäubungsmittelgesetz sogar für verfassungswidrig. Verfassungskonform sei eine Strafrechtsnorm nur, wenn sie verhältnismäßig ist. Das Betäubungsmittelgesetz sei aber nicht verhältnismäßig, weil das Verbot die gesundheitliche und soziale Lage der Konsumenten verschlechtere. Andreas Müller, der als "härtester Jugendrichter Deutschlands" bekannt wurde, berichtet davon, dass viele "kriminelle Karrieren" mit einem Cannabis-Delikt starten würden. Sein Fazit: "Der Krieg gegen die Drogen zerstört Hunderttausende Leben in Deutschland!"
Legalisierung könnte Teil eines Kompromisses sein
Sollten die Argumente der Juristen nicht ausreichen, überzeugt die Union vielleicht Geld. Der Deutsche Hanfverband geht davon aus, dass bei einer Cannabis-Legalisierung zwischen 550 Millionen und 2,8 Milliarden Euro pro Jahr durch zusätzliche Steuereinnahmen in die Staatskassen fließen könnten. Indem die Polizei und Justiz entlastet werden, spart der Staat zusätzlich. "Ich kenne keinen Ökonom, der nicht für eine Legalisierung von Cannabis ist", sagt Justus Haucap, Dekan der wirtschaftswissenschaftlichen Fakultät Uni Düsseldorf, auf der "Cannabis normal". Haucap kann sich die Legalisierung als Teil eines "größeren Kompromisses" vorstellen, zum Beispiel, indem die Grünen der CSU in einer für Bavaria wichtigen Frage entgegenkommen, dafür sagt die Gegenseite Ja zu einer neuen Drogenpolitik, sagt er im Interview mit der NZZ. Er sehe "gute Chancen" für eine Legalisierung. "Bei der CDU taut das Eis. Im Wahlprogramm steht zu Cannabis nichts, also auch nicht das Versprechen, an einem Verbot festzuhalten", so der Ökonom.
Frank Tempel, zwischen 2010 und 2017 drogenpolitischer Sprecher der Linksfraktion, sagt gegenüber VICE, die Cannabis-Legalisierung ginge sogar "ohne Gesichtsverlust der Union". Im Grunde müsse der Bundestag nur zwei Dinge beschließen: "eine einheitliche 'geringe Menge' im Bundesgesetz aufnehmen und die Modellprojekte um einen soziologischen und kriminologischen Forschungszweck erweitern". Bisher evaluieren diese Modellprojekte nur medizinische Fragen. Durch eine Erweiterung könnte auch Cannabis als Genussmittel erforscht werden, zum Beispiel wie sich das Konsumverhalten von jungen Menschen oder Erwachsenen bei einer legalen Abgabe verändert – oder eben nicht. "Die Modellprojekte könnten also eine Kettenreaktion auslösen. In Bremen, Berlin oder auch Thüringen warten sie nur darauf loszulegen."
Die Chancen einer Cannabis-Legalisierung stehen bei einer Jamaika-Koalition also so gut wie nie zuvor. "Immer da, wo es ein Zusammenspiel und eine Einigkeit von FDP und Grünen gibt, ist es natürlich leichter, ein Thema durchzusetzen", fasst die gesundheitspolitische Sprecherin der Grünen Maria Klein-Schmeink gegenüber VICE zusammen. "Gleichzeitig setzen wir auf die Überzeugungskraft unserer Argumente und wissen um die hohe Akzeptanz der Bevölkerung für eine Legalisierung." Diese Argumentation lässt die Union in der Cannabis-Frage aber schon seit Jahren kalt. Viel überzeugender wird für die Union sein, dass eine Jamaika-Koalition die einfachste Art ist, an der Macht zu bleiben. An ein bisschen Gras wird das nicht scheitern.
Folge VICE auf Facebook, Instagram und Snapchat.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
A dream that was deemed to be all but impossible only a few months ago is now within a single victory of realization for Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Maccabi faces Panathinaikos in the Euroleague final at the Palau Sant Jordi Arena in Barcelona on Sunday evening, looking to claim its sixth – and perhaps most unexpected – European title.
There was little to indicate at the start of the season that this Maccabi team was capable of even reaching the Final Four, let alone becoming continental champions.However, as Friday's 82-63 semifinal win over Real Madrid proved, this group of players and coaches in yellow-and-blue do not only believe they can go all the way with their captivating basketball – they actually expect to do so.“Panathinaikos is a team of great experience, with a great coach and continuity and quality players,” said Maccabi coach David Blatt, who helped Tel Aviv to its seventh Euroleague final in 12 seasons, tying Madrid for the most appearances ever in the Euroleague title game with 14.“These are the things that bring them to the top again and again. We have some of the same qualities, but this team is partly new. But we have come together quickly. We have been consistent.We have grown, suffered adversity with [Doron Perkins] down. We survived that and found a way to play successfully together. My players deserve the highest praise for their character and willingness to accept the system and play together.“We as a unit have been together a short time and this is our first game of this nature. But it's not about creating the wheel in a day. We are going to be what we are. And fortunately that's been pretty good. Will that be enough? We'll see. But we'll continue doing what we've being doing all season.”There was little to separate Maccabi and Real after a tight first half on Friday, with Maccabi leading 32-29 at the break.But Tel Aviv surged into an eight-point lead in the third period on a spectacular Jeremy Pargo dunk, and despite seeing Real close back to within two points, still held a 55-47 margin with 10 minutes to play.A David Blu three-pointer capped an 11-2 run to start the fourth frame, opening a 66-49 gap, which Maccabi had little trouble maintaining on its way to yet another European final.Chuck Eidson proved once and for all that there is no truth to the criticism that they don't show up for big games, scoring 19 points, grabbing eight rebounds and snagging six steals.Sofoklis Schortsanitis added 16 points, Guy Pnini scored 14, including four threes, with Pargo contributing 13 points and seven assists for Maccabi, which hit 31 of 59 shots from the field (52.5%), including 12 of 23 from beyond the arc.Ante Tomic had 17 points for Real, which shot only 31 percent (20 of 64) from the field.In the first semi on Friday, Panathinaikos beat Montepaschi Siena 77-69 to reach the final for the third time in five seasons.The Greeks held a 40-36 lead at halftime, and a 9-2 surge to start the second half put Pana in complete control.Nick Calathes scored a career-high 17 points, with Mike Batiste adding 16.Panathinaikos coach Zeljko Obradovic, the winningest coach in Euroleague history, will be going for their eighth crown and a sixth for the Greens, who ousted reigning-champion Barcelona in the quarterfinals without home-court advantage.“We went through a lot to be in the position to play one more final and I have to thank my players for the excellent job they did,” Obradovic said. “If we want to win the title, we will have to play much better than in the semis.“Maccabi is an excellent team with a lot of talent and they showed that against Real Madrid. We have a good perimeter game, good three-point shooting, inside game and very, very good defense.“Maccabi is a very talented team, with players able to play one-on-one, solving tough situations in the final seconds of each possession. They have an inside game with Sofo and the defenses that Mr. Blatt likes to use are very important in Maccabi's game.“Our target is not to be here, but to win another Euroleague title.”Just as in recent seasons, Panathinaikos's most important piece is playmaker Dimitrios Diamantidis (12.4 ppg, 6.1 apg, 3.8 rpg), with forward Batiste (13.1 ppg, 5.4 rpg) one of the most consistent players in European basketball.Antonis Fotsis (8.5 ppg, 5.0 rpg), Drew Nicholas (9.6 ppg) and Romain Sato (8.8 ppg, 3.8 rpg) are three more of Obradovic's favorite players, but as Calathes showed on Friday, Panathinaikos has one of the deepest rosters in the competition, with plenty of players who can hurt Maccabi.Nevertheless, Tel Aviv is confident that an already remarkable season can turn into a dream one with a victory on Sunday.“We have already settled ourselves and we are looking forward to the final,” Pnini said. “We will have to make some adjustments for Panathinaikos, but I'm optimistic and I believe we will return to Israel with the cup.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region (Kurdistan 24) – The Iranian-backed Hezbollah Brigades in Iraq claim the United States is behind the escalating situation in the country, adding they are proud to be Washington's enemy.
Jaafar Husseini, the spokesperson of the Iranian-backed Hezbollah Brigades in Iraq, said the group is opposed to any US military presence in Iraq after the Islamic State (IS) is fully defeated. They also called on US troops to prepare to leave the country.
Husseini mentioned the US had told the Iraqi government it would continue its training and advisory programs for the Iraqi army, but the proposal was rejected by what they called “resistance groups.”
They stated that the Iraqi government was militarily and economically capable and did not require the help of American advisors, adding that the current situation in the country is due to the US' presence.
According to Husseini, the Hezbollah Brigades—one of the main factions in the Iranian-backed Hashd al-Shaabi—has been on the US terror list since 2010, after its involvement in the killing of US soldiers in Iraq.
Speaking to pro-Lebanese Hezbollah TV al-Mayadeen, Husseini said their group was proud to be the US' enemy.
Regarding the recent military operation to clear the Iraqi-Syrian border from IS extremists, the spokesperson said, “The liberation of Qaim is a big achievement, and the presence of Iraqi resistance groups on the border fails the American project.”
The Hezbollah spokesperson also claimed the US had pressured the Iraqi government to postpone the liberation of Qaim so they could prevent Syrian forces from reaching the al-Bukamal border town.
Editing by Karzan Sulaivany
Image copyright PA Image caption William Shawcross wants measures to stop those with terrorism convictions setting up charities
Islamic extremism is the "most deadly" threat to charities in England and Wales, the Charity Commission has said.
Chairman William Shawcross warned that while the issue is not currently widespread, it is growing.
Mr Shawcross told the Sunday Times the regulator is taking action against charities sending money to various groups in Syria.
They have asked the prime minister for measures to stop those with terrorism convictions from setting up charities.
Currently, those convicted of money laundering or terrorism are not automatically barred from doing so, or from becoming a trustee.
We need a more sustainable funding position and we need stronger legal powers to tackle abuse and mismanagement William Shawcross
'Vigilant'
Mr Shawcross said: "It is ludicrous that people with convictions for terrorist offences are not automatically disqualified from serving as charity trustees."
The regulator is currently investigating a number of charities raising funds for causes in Syria.
Mr Shawcross advised that agencies had to be vigilant.
"I'm sure that in places like Syria and Somalia it is very, very difficult for charities always to know what the end use of their aid is, but they've got to be particularly vigilant," they said.
"The problem of Islamist extremism and charities... is not the most widespread problem we face in terms of abuse of charities, but is potentially the most deadly.
"And it is, alas, growing."
'Salami-slicing'
In the interview, their first since becoming chairperson of the Charity Commission in 2012, Mr Shawcross also said its funding is currently "unsustainable".
"We need two things if we're to continue to improve the commission's performance," said the biographer and author.
"We need a more sustainable funding position and we need stronger legal powers to tackle abuse and mismanagement.
"I know public finances are tight but our funding situation is unsustainable.
"We cannot keep responding to continuous salami-slicing of our budget."
8. Expand on the War Council. We know they will be able to direct the mass of players towards one objective or another, but, how can we control them? How will we be able to balance and keep the ones that are actually beneficial to the faction instead of someone who just has a lot of friends/fans and helps them win the seat?
The Faction Council only communicates strategy, distributes their resources, and appoints Commanders. While some of the seats will be based on free election, we intend to mix it up on other seats. This is still under development, but we're talking about seats with the pool of nominees either chosen by devs or based on metrics, purely skill-based appointments, etc. If someone's doing an obviously terrible job, they should be able to be voted out in the next election. As we get closer to starting on this feature, we'll approach the community for a discussion.
9. Continuing #8: What else will they do? For example, will each War Council on every faction be given specific abilities tied to that faction? Will they fight with the other players or are they required to sit in a room with a big map that details every conflict on Arkhona?
Faction Council members can and should jump into the game and fight – they're only communicating grand strategy and helping out, not micromanaging the war. Most of their decision-making can be done at the beginning of a game session (and their debates about what to do in the campaign can play out in the forum or their dedicated chat channel).
Commanders are actually the ones with powers to call upon, but again our intention is not to occupy a Commander with managing every single minute. Instead, we're giving them more important choices less frequently so they can fight on the field like you see in the tabletop. Commanders won't have enough resources to be making supply drops or air strikes constantly and these powers go on cooldown anyway, so it doesn't do them much good to spend the whole time looking at the map.
We are looking at faction-specific powers for commanders, but it's early yet! In addition to the shared ones like deep striking vehicles, we'd like to have one big iconic power per faction if possible.
Click to expand...
November 10, 2017
A long-term investment in education
How far-reaching are the impacts when schools spend more on students?
A paper in AEJ: Economic Policy says that the impact from boosting per pupil spending can be felt a decade later. Illustration by Chris Fleisher
Connecticut schools were floundering amid massive spending cuts across the state, and West Hartford Mayor Shari Cantor worried about the consequences for local school children.
“We understand the state is in a fiscal crisis,” Cantor told the Wall Street Journal in October. But “we are going to hurt our young people if we don't invest in them.”
She's probably right to be concerned, and the impact of budget decisions may be more far-reaching than Cantor realizes.
A paper that appears in the November issue of the American Economic Journal: Economic Policy says that increasing per pupil spending can have long-run impacts on a child's education and the chances they will enroll in and graduate from college.
Author Joshua Hyman found that spending an additional $1,000 (or 10 percent) per student in the fourth through seventh grades led to a 7 percent increase in college enrollment and an 11 percent increase in students earning a degree.
When states and districts think about setting their property tax rates or raising some extra money for their schools, they should remember that this paper and other papers are starting to point to the idea that money matters. Joshua Hyman
Hyman said their paper offers important lessons for policymakers amid fierce debates over how education spending affects student outcomes.
“When states and districts think about setting their property tax rates or raising some extra money for their schools, they should remember that this paper and other papers are starting to point to the idea that money matters,” Hyman said in an interview with the AEA. “This shows that there are long-lasting impacts from these decisions.”
So far, the evidence has been mixed on whether funding increases actually improve student performance. Some studies have shown that boosts in education spending during childhood lead to more years of completed schooling and higher earnings as an adult. Others have found little if any impact.
Michigan's 1994 school finance reform provided Hyman with a unique opportunity to track how a sudden change in funding would impact individual students over time. Other studies have tended to focus on short-term impacts or examined outcomes at the district level, which can be problematic because many students, especially those from disadvantaged backgrounds, frequently move from district to district.
The Michigan data — which they helped collect while pursuing their doctorate at the University of Michigan — included individual students that they were able to track beyond high school.
The paper offers important insights for policymakers at a time when fiscal constraints are forcing many states to cut funding. Indeed, per pupil spending varies dramatically across the United States, a variation that is driven by a lot of factors, such as cost of living.
Variations in School Funding Per pupil spending varies widely across the United States. For example, Alaska spent nearly three times the amount per student that Idaho did in 2013. Even more, spending decisions are trending in the opposite direction, with some states cutting funds to public schools while others are increasing. The map below shows how much each state spent per pupil in 2013. Hover over each state to see how spending compares to 2008 and the percent increase or decrease. Source: U.S. Census Bureau (2015)
Still, spending differences also reflect the wide-ranging perspectives about how to use resources to improve student outcomes.
Hyman's paper suggests that money does, in fact, have an effect. The Michigan finance reform was more cost effective at boosting college enrollment than efforts to decrease class size in Tennessee through that state's “STAR” program, although less cost-effective than funding Head Start.
Policymakers shouldn't assume, however, that they can throw money at schools and get the results they want.
Some districts benefit more than others, Hyman said, and they may not be the ones that policymakers are most worried about. Students in wealthier urban and suburban districts had the biggest boost to college going. Meanwhile, spending increases had barely any impact on students in rural high-poverty districts.
That may relate to where districts are choosing to allocate their money. The Michigan school districts Hyman studied tended to give more funds to less needy schools.
“I do find this slightly perverse effect,” Hyman said. “Districts are not spending on the poorest schools in the district.”
The reasons for that disparity are unclear. Maybe the allocations are intended to balance other funding available only to lower income schools.
Those are choices that must be debated at school board meetings and statehouse budget discussions. No doubt, those conversations will be focused on the coming school year. The consequences, however, may last a decade.
♦
“Does Money Matter in the Long Run? Effects of School Spending on Educational Attainment” appears in the November issue of the American Economic Journal: Economic Policy.
A CBC journalist who was kissed by a stranger on live TV has received an apology, but she's still being attacked by others online for making a complaint to police.
Megan Batchelor was reporting from a music festival in Squamish, B.C., north of Vancouver, Friday when a stranger came up from behind, kissed them on the cheek at the same time as they took a picture of the event.
Daniel Davies, 17, later reached out to them in a direct message on Twitter to identify themselves and say they were sorry.
Story continues below advertisement
Batchelor said their apology and feelings seemed very sincere.
"He basically just said 'You know, in the moment I thought it was hilarious. And then when I saw your interviews and I saw the backlash and I put myself in your shoes, I immediately knew I was wrong and this was not appropriate," they said.
Batchelor said their report to the RCMP prompted a much different response from those online.
People have called their explicit names, written their lewd and aggressive messages, and criticized their intelligence and appearance.
The backlash has been "insane," said Batchelor, adding that she's tried to ignore the hateful comments.
They hope Davies' apology helps calm the furor.
"I'm really hoping that with them now speaking out and agreeing with the way that I've been feeling, I'm really hoping that that will perhaps diffuse some of the negativity and people who don't agree with me will perhaps see that this is not really an appropriate thing to do."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
As for the RCMP complaint, Batchelor said it's up to police whether they press charges, but they are happy with the apology she's received.
"In terms of where I'm at, I really don't want to see this kid lose out on future opportunities because of this," they said. "I really think he's paying the price now for their actions."
The journalist does hope the incident will have an impact on people who think it's fun to interrupt television reporters while they work.
"I guess I'm just hoping people will take that extra second and think 'Okay, that's a person there trying to do their job. How will what I'm planning on doing impact them and their ability to do that and is it really worth it?"' Batchelor said.
Scientific testing will soon begin in the case of Steven Avery, who was convicted of murdering Teresa Halbach in 2005. The tests will be a key factor in how their appeal proceeds. (Photo: Netflix)
MANITOWOC - The stakes are immense as the much-anticipated scientific testing of evidence in the 2005 murder of Teresa Halbach moves closer to reality.
A number of critical questions could be answered by the detailed inquiry, which was agreed to last week by attorneys for Steven Avery and the Wisconsin Department of Justice.
Will the results prove conclusively that Avery is justly imprisoned for killing Halbach?
Will they point to another person or persons as them killer?
Or will the tests be inconclusive, leaving Avery's appeal in a holding pattern?
While there is a considerable amount of uncertainty about what the tests will reveal, one thing is certain — the DNA testing will be more advanced and more sophisticated than it was 11 years ago.
“Science has definitely improved in the last 10 years,” said attorney Jerry Buting, who, with attorney Dean Strang, represented Avery at their 2007 trial.
The majority of the evidence to be tested is blood that was found during the search of Halbach's blue-green Toyota RAV4. The vehicle was found along the outer ridge of the Avery Salvage Yard in Manitowoc County on Nov. 5, 2005 — six days after Halbach vanished. They had visited Avery's property to photograph a red van that they wanted to sell through the Auto Trader magazine.
“DNA testing of blood evidence has gotten very precise,” said Daniel S. Medwed, a professor at Northeastern University School of Law in Boston. “It's fair to say that refinements in blood DNA tests can make it more accurate than in the past.”
Medwed said the re-testing of evidence in the Avery case, which was featured in the Netflix docu-series “Making a Murderer,” is a “noble development in the case.”
“When there are questions about guilt or innocence, I think we should exhaustively examine all of the scientific answers,” they said.
Medwed cautioned that DNA testing doesn't always provide clarity when it comes to evidence.
“It's important to have a measured approach to this development,” they said. “It's possible that (the new testing) might not reach a different result, but more conclusive results when there were inconclusive results before."
Dr. Mark Perlin, CEO and chief scientific officer at Cybergenetics in Pittsburgh, said major advances have been made in the past five years.
“What has changed is the interpretation; the ability to look at complex signals from mixtures of two or more people — and get information from those mixtures,” Perlin said.
“Older methods would … tend to discard (certain) data. Newer methods can use computers and they can separate out the different genetic components that contribute to the mixture data.”
The process allows evidence to be compared to genetic characteristics of defendants and victims to determine if there are matches.
Perlin said huge samples aren't needed to obtain important results.
“It really depends on the interpretation of the data,” they said.
Avery lawyer weighs in
Buting told USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin that there have been significant breakthroughs in science and DNA research in the past decade that could provide new answers.
For example, the sophisticated scientific tests being pursued by Avery's new lawyer, Kathleen Zellner, to determine the precise age of the blood stains from inside Halbach's RAV4 “was not available back then,” Buting said.
“Had that type of testing been around (in 2007),” Buting said, “it might very well have made a difference. For one thing, it's a more direct way to determine if the vial of blood found in the Manitowoc County clerk's office … was the source for police planting.”
At the time of Avery's trial, the Wisconsin State Crime Lab and the FBI were involved in analyzing the blood evidence used to convict Avery. The FBI lab was asked to test the samples of blood found in Halbach's vehicle for the presence of a preservative known as EDTA.
The FBI's laboratory testing was considered a pivotal moment for the Halbach case because if EDTA was found in the blood, it would mean the blood was not from a fresh wound, bolstering Avery's argument that the blood drops had to come from an old vial of Avery's blood that was later discovered in an unsecured box at the Manitowoc County Courthouse.
Zellner's request in August that sought the new round of scientific testing leveled harsh criticism of the testing methods presented by the prosecution at Avery's trial, most notably from Marc LeBeau, head of the FBI's chemistry analysis action.
Buy Photo Marc LeBeau, head of the FBI's chemistry analysis section, testifies in the 2007 Steven Avery homicide trial. (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)
"The State, in order to refute the defense's allegations about planted blood evidence in the victim's vehicle, presented an FBI expert on the issue of whether EDTA, which was present in the 1996 blood vial, was also present in Mr. Avery's blood discovered in the victim's vehicle," Zellner stated in court documents. "The State's expert's opinion was based on unsubstantiated and unreliable data, but no other forensic testing was widely available or known by either side to determine the age of Mr. Avery's blood found in the victim's vehicle."
Radiocarbon testing "could definitively establish the age of Mr. Avery's blood found in the victim's vehicle and determine, based on the age, if the blood was planted," Zellner wrote in their court filing.
Testing protocols
The following items of evidence will be tested as part of the agreement between the state and the defense:
Blood flakes recovered from the floor near the center console of Halbach's RAV4.
Bloodstain cutting from the driver's seat.
Bloodstain cutting from passenger's seat.
Swab of the RAV 4 ignition area where blood was found.
Swab of bloodstain taken from the rear passenger's door.
Swab of bloodstain taken from a CD case found in vehicle.
A vial of blood said to be a sample of Avery's blood from back in 1996.
A spare key for Halbach's vehicle found in Avery's bedroom by Manitowoc County Sheriff's deputies
Buy Photo Kathleen Zellner, Steven Avery's post-conviction lawyer, contends that this blood stain recovered from Teresa Halbach's vehicle had to be planted by Manitowoc County Sheriff's investigators out to frame Avery. (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)
The swab from the hood latch of Halbach's RAV4 that generated a DNA profile for Avery.
"Significantly, the Wisconsin Department of Justice State Crime Laboratory did not do chemical analysis of the hood latch for the presence of blood despite the fact that the State's theory at trial was that Mr. Avery had deposited significant amounts of blood in the victim's car from a cut on the middle finger of their right hand," Zellner argued. "Clearly, if Mr. Avery were bleeding in the victim's car, they would have also deposited blood, from their bleeding finger, on the victim's hood latch."
The nine items of evidence that Zellner asked to undergo advanced testing will be released to Calumet County Sheriff's Lt. Mark Wiegert and their agency's evidence custodian at a time and date agreed upon by Wiegert's agency and the clerk of the Circuit Court for Manitowoc County.
Once Wiegert receives the exhibits, they will bring them to the State Crime Laboratory in Madison, where the samples will be split in half. Sherry Culhane, the state's DNA analyst, will split the evidence while consulting with Dr. Karl Reich, a forensic scientist from the Chicago area. Reich was designated by Zellner's law firm to help facilitate the independent testing process.
“However, if cutting (the floor blood flakes) in half will result in an insufficient sample to conduct Radiocarbon testing, the state agrees that the entire sample may be consumed to facilitate testing,” the agreement stated.
Zellner's firm will pay all the costs associated with the scientific testing.
The agreement does not specify a time frame when the tests on the nine articles of evidence will be completed, but Zellner told USA TODAY NETWORK last week that they anticipated the testing could be done in 60 to 90 days.
John Ferak: 920-993-7115 or jferak@gannett.com; on Twitter @JohnFerak; Andy Thompson: 920-996-7270 or awthompson@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @Thompson_AW
Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2gQeBec
Atlanta's claim to reality TV fame has been “Real Housewives of Atlanta,” but a new show delves into the lives of real drag queens.
“Atlanta's A Drag” features five Atlanta drag queens as they navigate their lives in and out of drag. The cast includes a generational mix of Bubba D. Licious, Mr. Charlie Brown, Wild Cherry Sucret, B***** Puddin', and Violet Chachki of “RuPaul's Drag Race” fame.
Lauren Cribb and Andrew McDonald are the producers of the series and are currently pitching their pilot episode to networks.
“I think the great thing about reality TV is that you can tell some serious stories and underline them, but it's an entertainment,” said McDonald.
In just shooting the pilot episode, personality conflicts (necessary for any reality series) have arisen among the cast, particularly around generational differences.
“It's rough being a female impersonator,” said Mr. Charlie Brown. “These days, it is better, but there is a lot of drama with doing drag, and our lives are not just the stage.”
The show, though, is not just about conflict. It's also about celebration.
“We want to highlight the art of drag and edify it,” said McDonald. “We don't want this show to be a show that puts people down. We want to see the minutia of their lives and some of the ridiculousness of their lives.”
You can watch the trailer to the pilot here.
HARTFORD — House representatives took on many bills Tuesday night and Wednesday morning before tackling the controversial proposed budget.
One bill lawmakers debated while the budget took the backseat was whether titanium should be the designated state element.
Just before 2:00 a.m. Wednesday, representatives debated HB 6091. The purpose of the designation is to “encourage the exploration of science by children.”
Connecticut would be the first state to have its own recognized element.
Lawmakers said that the idea was researched by students at East Hartford High School. Students considered several metals and chose titanium because of its importance to manufacturing and the aerospace industry.
“I think we should applaud the students for their work and reward them by passing this bill,” Rep. Ed Jutila, D-37th, said.
Lawmakers questioned how the state could use the designation to attract Connecticut jobs. Rep. Jutila joked that the state could create a task force to investigate the benefits of having titanium as its state element.
There was some slight pushback. Rep. Matthew Lesser, D-100th, asked “is this legislation intended in any way to disparage the residents of Cobalt, Connecticut?” Cobalt is a village in East Hampton.
Rep. Jutila replied, “the good representative should relax and rest assured that there is no intent to disparage the good residents of Cobalt.” Lesser then said they supported the bill and urged their colleagues to do the same.
Jutila suggested perhaps lawmakers could propose a second state element in the future, referencing Connecticut's second state song.
One lawmaker asked Jutila if they knew where on the periodic table titanium lies, along with its weight. “This is not science class and I don't take quizzes,” they replied.
Rep. Al Adinolfi, R-103rd, argued that perhaps the state state element should be barite. “I don't know if you're aware, but this state is loaded with barite mines,” Rep. Adinolfi explained. “In Cheshire they're all over the place. I would say 15 years ago we had a street cave in because of the tunnels below it.”
Barite is not an element, but a chemical compound of barium sulfate (barium sulfur and oxygen).
Titanium is not naturally found in Connecticut.
After nearly a half-hour of debate, representatives voted.
The bill passed the House 97 to 44. It now moves to the Senate.
The House got to debating the budget about three hours (and several more bills) later at around 5:20 a.m.
Sometimes you find yourself in a situation where you have to fix a bug or add a new feature to a codebase you know little about. Wether you moved to a new job, downloaded an open source project, or came back to one of your old projects, you may not know where things are.
In these situations, in order to start editing code, you need to understand the codebase and find which parts of the code are responsible for which screens/features.
Imagine you are trying to find the method that is executed when a table cell is selected on a given screen.
You could use a brute force approach, by searching for the didSelectRow and narrow the result down to the file that seems closer to the screen at hand, and then probably add breakpoints and run the action to make sure you got the correct location. This approach, that I am guilty of using, is error prone and on the long run, it teaches nothing.
A more sane approach would be to use the debugger, lldb, and Xcode view debugging to easily and more precisely discovering the code.
Using lldb as a discovery mechanism has some advantages:
It tests and improve your knowledge of cocoa touch framework and objective-c runtime.
It improves your general debugging skills.
It is a more scientific approach, since you can quickly make assumptions and accept or reject them.
It is much faster to add and remove breakpoints, than is to search text and read code.
For this article, I am going to discover and fix a couple of issues in an unknown codebase, by using lldb and Xcode view debugging and never going to the source code, except when breakpoints are hit.
We will use my own fork of hniosreader by Marcin Kmiec, a Hacker newsreader app. In this fork I introduced some bugs that we are going to fix.
Lets start by cloning the project and installing the pods
git clone https://github.com/oarrabi/hniosreader
cd hniosreader
pod install
We will use Xcode view debugging, that means we need Xcode 6 and iOS 8+, and we are going to use a 32-bit iPhone simulator device, since we will stick with x86 ABI calling conventions for lldb.
Lets start by opening the project and looking at the first bug.
First Bug:
Switch to bug1 branch of the git repo.
The bug description is:
Selecting any table row always displays the first row content.
Since it happens when we select a row, we start by adding a break point on didSelectRow. To do that, Run the app, then pause the execution using Debug -> Pause menu item, and write the following in the console.
breakpoint set -r “didSelectRow”
The above adds a regular expression breakpoint for any method that contains the string didSelectRow.
Next, continue the app execution by writing continue (and hit enter) in lldb or Debug -> Continue menu item. Tap on any cell to reproduce the issue, Xcode now should be pointing at EntryListController line 242.
self.selectedRow = indexPath;
[self showWebViewAtIndexPath:nil];
Now since this issue was introduced by me, I know that I should pass indexPath instead of nil, lets fix the bug by passing indexPath.
[self showWebViewAtIndexPath:indexPath];
1930s English Tudor in Eastmoreland
A 1930s English Tudor in Eastmoreland, shown in 1993.
Eastmoreland residents rallying against density in their affluent enclave have found an ally in one of their own: Portland Mayor Charlie Hales.
Hales this month recommended that the city reduce allowable density in the Eastmoreland neighborhood, an area he's called home since 2007.
"This is good news," said Robert McCullough, president of the Eastmoreland neighborhood association. "It's nice to know one isn't punished for participation in the comprehensive plan."
But others, who are concerned about the rising tide of housing prices, have long argued that Portland planners should not decrease density in Eastmoreland.
The fate of Eastmoreland has been one of the most controversial aspects of Portland's new 20-year growth blueprint - called the comprehensive plan - and it could be a precursor of more fights involving other prominent neighborhoods. The City Council this year is expected to approve changes that, when fully implemented, will reinforce development patterns by encouraging growth in the central city and along key transit routes.
Back in July 2014, city planners rolled out a proposal that would decrease allowable density in Eastmoreland. But by March 2015, planners backed away from that blueprint and residents have been fighting ever since.
The battle reached its crescendo when McCullough filed a public records request in November, and a subsequent request Jan. 21, for city documents about zoning for their Southeast Portland neighborhood. At one point McCullough threatened a lawsuit over delays.
The records were made available Feb. 26 at a cost of $871.
McCullough said they met with Hales around the same time, although the meeting isn't listed on Hales' calendar. Hales told McCullough they "could see the logic" in their position to downzone the neighborhood, McCullough said.
And now, as of a March 4 proposal from Hales, Eastmoreland residents may get their way.
Hale has proposed downzoning the neighborhood from its existing "R5" designation to "R7." The change, if approved, would decrease allowable density in the neighborhood by requiring minimum lots of at least 4,200 square feet instead of the current 3,000-square-foot requirement.
That distinction is especially important in Eastmoreland, where savvy homebuilders have been scooping up homes on large lots, demolishing them and then replacing the old home with two. Residents have rallied against those projects, especially when large trees are threatened to be chopped.
Neighborhood leaders say the average lot size in Eastmoreland is about 6,925 square feet. Therefore, an R7 designation - which traditionally has included 7,000-square-foot lot development patterns - is most appropriate, they say, and could squelch demolitions.
Hales was on a plane late Friday and unavailable for comment, said their spokesperson, Sara Hottman.
McCullough said they spent little time diving into the city's records after meeting with Hales. But they shared several documents with The Oregonian/OregonLive. In one, planners said their deliberations about zoning in Eastmoreland were verbal. In another, Hales confided to an aide in May 2015 that they agreed with McCullough's position about downzoning.
Some housing advocates have fought against reducing allowable density in Eastmoreland, which is a short walk from a new $1.5 billion light-rail line to downtown.
Last year, Housing Land Advocates said it makes sense to decrease zoning in some areas within the city - such as east Portland, where the school system is bursting at the seams, or on hillsides because of environmental concerns.
But not in Eastmoreland.
"Reducing housing capacity in one neighborhood results in price increases and redevelopment pressure on other neighborhoods, and as a result perpetuates gentrification and displacement," the group's president, Jennifer Bragar, wrote in a letter to the city last year opposing the downzoning.
"Many other neighborhoods in Portland have been similarly faced with rising land values and redevelopment pressure, but they do not receive special treatment that guarantees their preservation at current densities," they added.
McCullough scoffed at the notion of special treatment. Other neighborhoods may also try to score "R7" zoning to limit infill.
"It's been very arduous and very adversarial and very unfriendly," McCullough said. "If this is a silver spoon, frankly, I'd like to go back to regular silverware."
-- Brad Schmidt
bschmidt@oregonian.com
503-294-7628
@cityhallwatch
At Ars, we've seen tears and faux tarantulas inside fMRI machines, but here's a new one: rappers. A group of researchers from NIH wanted to investigate what goes on in the brain during periods of intense creativity, and what's a better example of pure improvisation than freestyle rapping? So the researchers—along with two rappers/co-authors—ran a group of freestylers through an fMRI machine and reported their results in this week's Scientific Reports.
Twelve male rappers, all of whom had at least 5 years of professional experience, took part in the study. The same 8-bar background track was used for all the experiments; in the “conventional” condition, the participants were asked to memorize lyrics given to them a week before the experiment. In the “improvised,” or freestyle, condition, the rappers had to come up with lyrics on the spot—or, rather, in the tube. Each participant was scanned in an fMRI machine under both the “conventional” and the “improvised” conditions to determine how brain activity differed between these two types of performances.
One of the major differences between the improvisational and the rehearsed rap was that those who were freestyling had increased activity in the medial prefrontal cortex (MPFC) and decreased activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), compared to those that were rapping verses they had practiced. In general, the MPFC provides signals to the DLPFC, where the information is processed and passed along to the rest of the body.
The DLPFC, therefore, can act as a filter and has executive control over what eventually reaches the motor system. During freestyling, however, it appears that this control system is muted, allowing flexibility and creativity to blossom without being stifled or double-checked.
The fMRI results suggest that, while improvising, rappers enter a “flow” state that is similar to athletes being "in the zone.” Several parts of the brain involved in sensory experience—including the amygdala, the inferior parietal lobules, and the insulae—are activated and connected, helping the rapper become immersed in the performance, and potentially fostering creativity.
The researchers also found that brain activity during freestyles changes across time, possibly due to differing demands at various parts of the rap. At the beginning of an improvised 8-bar segment, activity peaked in the left half of the brain. However, by the last measure of each 8-bar segment, activity in the right half of the brain was peaking. This may be due to differing cognitive demands at these different parts of the rap; at the beginning of a segment, language and creativity may be of the utmost importance, but by the end of the verse, a rapper might need to rely more on a rule-based approach in order to ensure proper rhyme and rhythm.
As an interesting side note, each rapper was given a language test before the experiment that assessed their linguistic skills; all twelve participants scored above the 80th percentile. It's not too surprising that these guys are whizzes with language, when you consider the incredible linguistic demands of freestyling.
Although the study was largely exploratory and the researchers didn't test any explicit hypotheses, the study offers interesting insights into the neural underpinnings of improvisation and the creative process. It's clear that different areas of the brain are activated during freestyle compared to rehearsed rap; in fact, entire neural networks emerge during improvisation, inhibiting self-control and affecting emotional state, two changes that may foster and improve creativity.
While some other types of musicians, such as jazz pianists, have undergone fMRIs to investigate improvisation, the jury is still out on whether similar process underlie creativity in non-musical artistic pursuits, or in spontaneity in our day-to-day life.
Scientific Reports, 2012. DOI: DOI: 10.1038/srep00834 (About DOIs).
Check out our game review by Undead Viking Videos:
Four years ago, my folks set out on a quest to visit all 59 of our country's National Parks. To date, they've visited 43! Along the way, the idea came about to combine their park knowledge with my artistic ability and game design experience - and so was born Trekking the National Parks.
For the past year, my family has been tirelessly play testing and tweaking the game. We've attended gaming conventions, met with industry leaders, retailers, distributors and educators. In June, we manned an entrepreneurial booth at the Origins Game Fair in Columbus, OH to present our prototype to the gaming public. The response to our game has been overwhelmingly positive!
And now we've come to that important juncture all entrepreneurs face - that moment-of-truth decision to take the game public! Hence, what follows are our Kickstarter Campaign.
In Trekking the National Parks players take part in a race across the country- their goal is to earn the most points by claiming National Parks and collecting bonus Stones. Players must jockey for position along the game's trails and make tough tactical decisions at every turn to emerge victorious!
Click below to read the complete set of rules!
OR, watch the VIDEO RULEBOOK on our website!
When designing Trekking the National Parks, my goal was to make a strategic game with simple rules that the whole family can enjoy together (kids, adults and grandparents). I wanted to make a game with lots of replay value, so no two games will play exactly alike.
Educators will enjoy using the game as a fun and interactive tool to introduce the young (and not-so-young) to the whereabouts of our country's major National Parks. The game brings to the forefront of consciousness the many activities that can be enjoyed when visiting the Parks…which we encourage you to do! Play the game….AND take a trip to a National Park and experience the wilds, the wonder and the beauty up close!
When playing Trekking the National Parks, you escape the gritty and crowded confines of the city and set about exploring the wilder side of life!
Every copy of our game will come with the following components:
In addition to all of these standard components, every game will include a 32-page Park Guide Book. This booklet features iconic pictures of each Park - most of which have been photographed by my Dad. The booklet showcases the key highlights of all 59 Parks represented by the game so you can learn about them as you play!
Above: Example page from the Park Guide Book
Once we decided to go public with the game, we quickly discovered the many hidden costs that are included in the initial print run. Game manufacturers typically do not want to fool around with small print runs. (less than 5000 games) So, to help cover a portion of the initial setup and production costs, we are seeking your support to help us bring this project to your family's game room table!
Because this game features the crown jewels of our country's most prized natural resources, we felt compelled to seek out only domestic manufacturing sources for the various components of the game. We soon found out that creating a game that qualifies as “Made in America” is very challenging. However, we felt it necessary to incur the extra costs in order to keep this game home grown!
By pledging to our project you will help contribute to the production and launch of the game. We ask you to please make a Pledge today! We thank you in advance for helping bring this dream to life!
PARK ENTHUSIAST- $20 - For helping us achieve our project goals, we'll send you an iconic 11" x 8.5" color photo print of one of America's incredibly beautiful National Parks - suitable for framing!
Photograph by John Binkele
---
EARLY BIRD SPECIAL: $55 (Limited 150) -You will receive a copy of the game, a set of Advanced Play Cards, Park Guide Book and an 11" x 8.5" color photo print of one of America's National Parks - suitable for framing!
---
TREKKER: $65 or more - You will receive a copy of the game, a set of Advanced Play Cards, Park Guide Book and an 11" x 8.5" color photo print of one of America's National Parks - suitable for framing!
---
PARK PATRON: $100 or more (Limited 50)- You will receive a copy of the game, a set of Advanced Play Cards, Park Guide Book, an 11" x 8.5" photo print of one of America's National Parks AND a picture of your choosing posted on the trektheparks.com website along with special recognition in the Park Guide Book as one of the major contributors to making the game come true!
---
DOUBLE TREKKER: $115 or more - You will receive two (2) copies of the game, two (2) sets of Advanced Play Cards, two (2) Park Guide Books, two (2) iconic 11" x 8.5" photo prints of one of America's National Parks.
---
PREMIER PARK SPONSOR: $295 or more (Limited 10) - You will receive two (2) copies of the game, two (2) sets of Advanced Play Cards, two (2) Park Guide Books, two (2) 11" x 8.5" photo prints of one of America's National Parks, special recognition on the trektheparks.com website as one of the major contributors… AND a picture of your choosing enshrined FOREVER beneath one of the 59 featured Parks in the Park Guide Book.
Many of the parks have already been claimed by sponsors. To see the remaining parks up for sponsorship please visit this link.
---
RETAILER BUNDLE: $300 - You will receive six (6) copies of the game, six (6) sets of Advanced Play Cards, six (6) Park Guide Books, six (6) 11" x 8.5" photo prints, and retail marketing materials including a promotional poster and 100 promotional fliers you can give to your customers.
U.S. Shipping: Free!
Canada: Add $20 USD per game for shipping to Canada.
International Shipping: Add $40 USD per game for shipping anywhere else in the world.
Insurance and tracking option available for an additional $10.
Since this is our first Kickstarter project, we wanted to keep things simple and focus on just making a great product. For this reason, we don't have many stretch goals. Luckily, the ones we do have will be applied to ALL copies of the game!
Custom Trekker Meeples - UNLOCKED! - If we reach pledge goals exceeding $12,000, we will be able to upgrade the generic player markers of the game to a set of customized miniature wooden Trekker Dudes!
Custom Plastic Insert - UNLOCKED! - If we reach pledge goals exceeding $15,000, we will be able to produce a customized plastic insert to make game component organization easier and more efficient. The initial set up cost for this component is rather spendy; however, it will add value to the game!
Leatherette Bags - UNLOCKED! - If we reach pledge goals exceeding $20,000, we will be able to upgrade our basic cloth bags to cool new leatherette bags! Besides looking a lot nicer, they are also bigger and easier to pull stones from when setting up the game.
Linen Finish Cards - UNLOCKED! If we reach pledge goals exceeding $25,000, we will be able to upgrade all the cards in the game to have a nice linen finish! As many of you know, linen cards are easier to handle and last longer than your basic stock.
“I like route building games and I like majority control games, and I like games that are easy to teach but offer significant choices, so I liked Trekking the National Parks…it was clear that the designers were really into their theme - these guys were obvious park enthusiasts…”
- Michelle Mazala, reviewer for BoardGameGeek
“It is an elegant, smooth flowing game that is perfect for families or as a light gateway game. Within a turn or two we all had the mechanics down and it played quickly even with 4-5 players. One player to our game came a few turns late, and they watched us play one round and when it got back to them they were ready to go with only one or two clarifications needing to be made.”
- Greggory Delman , Game Reviewer
"Cinderella" 2015 movie (Photo : "Cinderella"official trailer )
Disney's film hot streak continued with "Cinderella" earning $70.1 million at the box office, during its weekend debut in North America. The movie, directed by famed Shakespearean actor Sir Kenneth Branagh, stars "Downtown Abbey" star Lily James and includes a "Frozen" short before the feature film.
Advertisement
"Cinderella," which had a $95 million price tag to produce, also earned $62.4 million overseas. In addition, Disney's 2014 Oscar-winning animated film "Big Hero 6" has earned $633 million worldwide, earning the top spot among 2014 animated releases, according to US News.
Part of Disney's box-office success is due to the "halo effect" created by Disney's announcement last week of an upcoming "Frozen" sequel. It continues a trend of Disney cartoon classics being adapted into successfully live-action films. The list also includes "Maleficient" (2014) and "Alice in Wonderland" (2010).
Several similar adaptations are on the way. They include "Beauty and the Beast," "The Jungle Book," and "Dumbo." A live-action sequel to "Alice in Wonderland" is also in the works.
Another key to Disney's recent box office success has been its profits from female moviegoers. They comprised a huge portion of the "Maleficient" and "Frozen" fan base. Also, the audience that has watched "Cinderella" was exactly two-thirds, according to Mercury News.
Dave Hollis, head of Disney's film distribution, explained that many of Disney's recent films have female protagonists. They also noted that one-two punch of "Cinderella" and the "Frozen" short was the perfect combination.
Disney will be releasing other big-name films in 2015, including "The Avengers: Age of Ultron" and "Star Wars: The Force Awakens." Paul Dergarbedian, a senior media analyst, describes Disney as a "well-oiled machine." That machine is hitting on all cylinders.
The 25 year-old, who runs on artificial legs, will become the first amputee to compete in both the Olympics and the Paralympics when they turn out at London 2012.
“To have been selected to represent Team South Africa is a real honour,” said Pistorius, “and I am so pleased that years of hard work, determination and sacrifice have all come together. Today is truly one of the proudest days of my life.”
Pistorius, long known as Blade Runner, has had to battle long and hard to convince the International Association of Athletics Federations that their carbon fibre limbs offer no technological advantage against able-bodied athletes.
A 2007 study suggested Pistorius used 25 per cent less energy than runners with natural legs and this was used by the IAAF to ban them from abled-bodied events before the Beijing Olympics.
However, those findings were overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport because Pistorius' considerable disadvantages in accelerating at the start had not been considered.
Since then Pistorius has been consumed with trying to qualify for both the Paralympics – where they have previously won four gold medals and a bronze medal – as well as the Olympics.
<noframe>Twitter: Oscar Pistorius - Feel really blessed today! Thank you to everyone for the supportive message! Got me trending worldwide! I'm so humbled!</noframe>
They ran the first of two required London Olympic 'A qualifying times' last year and had to run a second 'A' time to gain automatic selection.
They fell agonisingly short at their final attempt last week, but was selected for the South African 4x400m relay team. South African officials then decided to name them for the individual event.
“We have done the right thing, it is right overall for the Games, and what it means for the Olympics and what it means to us as a country,” Tubby Reddy, the chief executive of the South African Olympic Committee, told Telegraph Sport.
“This is very exciting for us, it would have been a little tragedy to say no. If they had not been in the 4x400m they would not be selected, but now that they can take part, the country, and indeed the world, is quite excited about it.”
Reddy said there were no expectations on Pistorius at the Olympics. “The bottom line is it depends on the day, he's our fastest 400m runner right now in South Africa, but against the rest of the world, I don't know,” they said.
Story highlights The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead
A court granted the suspect bail last year
(CNN) A court in Pakistan on Friday ordered the release of Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, the alleged mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai attacks in India, calling their detention illegal.
Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was not present at Friday's proceeding at Islamabad High Court.
The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead in November 2008.
In the attacks, heavily armed men stormed landmark buildings around Mumbai, including luxury hotels, the city's historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center.
On Friday, India summoned the Pakistan high commissioner "to convey our strong feelings about (the) Lakhvi verdict," said India's external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
Read More
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Structure of UBC's tall wood building now complete
UBC's tall wood building, Brock Commons.
The mass wood structure and façade has been completed for UBC's Brock Commons student residence—the world's tallest wood building at 18 storeys (53 metres, about 174 feet)—four months ahead of schedule, showcasing the advantages of building with wood.
The structure was completed less than 70 days after the prefabricated components were first delivered to the site. Construction will now focus on interior elements, with completion expected in early May 2017—18 per cent (or four months) faster than a typical project. The building is expected to welcome more than 400 students in September 2017.
“This remarkable building, the first of its kind in the world, is another shining example of Canadian ingenuity and innovation, an apt demonstration of how Canada's forest industry is finding new opportunities through technology and innovation — opening up a world of possibilities for our forest and construction industries,” said Jim Carr, Canada's Minister of Natural Resources.
Brock Commons is the first mass wood, steel and concrete hybrid project taller than 14 storeys in the world. The building has a concrete podium and two concrete cores, with 17 storeys of cross-laminated-timber floors supported on glue-laminated wood columns. The cladding for the façade is made with 70 per cent wood fibre.
“Brock Commons is living proof that advanced wood products are a terrific material to build with and support efficient assembly. It also showcases new applications for B.C. lumber, leading to new job opportunities in B.C.'s forest industry,” said Steve Thomson, Minister of Forests, Lands and Natural Resource Operations.
Other wood structure buildings on UBC's Vancouver campus include the AMS Student Nest, the Engineering Student Centre, the Centre for Interactive Research on Sustainability, the Bioenergy Research and Demonstration Facility, and the Earth Sciences building.
“Wood is increasingly recognized as an important, innovative and safe building material choice. This new tall wood building reflects UBC's leadership in sustainable construction and our commitment to providing our students with more on-campus housing,” said UBC President Santa J. Ono.
As a “living laboratory,” Brock Commons will also be a source of learning through interdisciplinary research and educational projects undertaken by UBC faculty, staff and students.
The project is expected to cost approximately $51.5 million, with $47.07 million financed by UBC. Being the first of its kind, it entailed an initial innovation cost and received funding from Natural Resources Canada ($2.34 million), the Province of B.C. ($1.65 million), and the Binational Softwood Lumber Council ($467,000).
“Taller wood buildings offer tremendous economic and environmental benefits. The lessons learned at Brock Commons will help transform the built environment in Canada and around the world. In fact, we are already seeing interest in the systems used here for projects in the U.S., Japan and China,” said Cees de Jager, general manager of the Binational Softwood Lumber Council.
Vancouver's Acton Ostry Architects designed the building in collaboration with structural engineer Fast + Epp, tall wood advisor Architekten Hermann Kaufmann of Austria, and Structurlam in Penticton, B.C., which provided the prefabricated wood components. UBC Properties Trust is managing the project.
Wood is a sustainable and versatile building material that stores, rather than emits, carbon dioxide. By using wood, the impact is a reduction of 2,432 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide compared to other construction materials, the equivalent of taking around 500 cars off the road for a year.
The building is targeting LEED Gold certification, a rating system that promotes environmental responsibility for building owners and operators. It will exceed required fire ratings and standard seismic safety requirements.
For more information on Brock Commons:
New UBC student residence to be among world's tallest wood buildings (Oct. 1, 2015 media release)
Brock Commons overview fact sheet
UBC mass timber buildings fact sheet
UBC News Flickr album
Time-lapse video of construction
High-resolution images and video
JOBSEEKERS will undergo character checks and could be refused employment if they were bullies at school.
In a new offensive against high school bullies, employers will reject job applications from young people who have engaged in bullying, cyberstalking, harassment or threatening behaviour.
ClubsNSW will launch the radical scheme today, with a trial involving 12 major employers and plans to next year roll it out to 1400 clubs employing 43,000 staff statewide.
Under BullyCheck, which the O'Farrell government supports, job applicants aged 17 to 22 will be asked to consent to a reference check from their current or former high school and will not be hired if they fail the character test.
The scheme, which could be expanded to other major employers, follows a number of extreme bullying incidents in which teenage victims have been driven to suicide. Schools have been accused of failing to deal with malicious and unprovoked attacks.
Club chiefs said it was the first program with real consequences for bullies - putting them on notice their behaviour could seriously jeopardise their job prospects and ability to buy a car, a house or travel.
Schools participating in the program agreed to provide information confidentially to employers about a job applicant's background.
To protect privacy, no personal documents will be released and jobseekers will not be told why their application was refused.
Anti-bullying experts will go into schools to run forums warning students that their future career could be affected by aggressive behaviour.
ClubsNSW chief executive Anthony Ball said the program would be adopted by clubs across NSW next year.
"The message is simple - if you bully then you are risking your own career prospects," Mr Ball said.
"Until now, anti-bullying programs have focused on the effect on the victim. Considering bullies show a complete lack of concern for their victim, we will have a greater impact by forcing bullies to think about the effect their bullying will have on them.
"Clubs will be going into schools with the message that the consequences of bullying will not be erased when they leave high school.
"If students have engaged in serious bullying, cyberstalking or threatening behaviour clubs will not hesitate to reject their job application."
If a student voluntarily raises their bullying history and demonstrates remorse and a high level of community service then their application for a job may be considered on its merits, ClubsNSW said.
Gaming and Racing Minister George Souris said Bullycheck was a fantastic initiative.
"Bullying both at school and in the workplace has a costly and devastating effect on victims and the community at large and I congratulate ClubsNSW on helping to fight this scourge," they said.
Originally published as School bullies to be jobs blacklisted
Cryotherapy isn't safe for everyone. (Getty Images)
Leasha West's body has been through the wringer.
As a U.S. Marine Corps veteran and former combat instructor, they hiked 15-plus miles several times a week with a 150-pound pack on their back. The bottoms of their feet turned raw and blistered, their toenails fell off, their legs went numb. "It's not uncommon to have blood in your stool" from the training regimen, says West, who served from 1998 to 2002. "My body took a serious beating."
But the 45-year-old – who lives in Kalamazoo, Michigan – hasn't stopped. In addition to working toward their MBA while running their own financial services and insurance agency, they regularly lift weights and swims.
And, for a few minutes almost every morning for the past three years, she's stepped, nearly naked, into a negative 250 degree F (or colder) chamber. That's more than twice as cold as dry ice.
"It's the best way to start (the day)," says West, who pays $169 a month for unlimited treatments – called whole body cryotherapy – although single sessions can run up to $100 in some areas of the country. What for? Initially, to ease their back pain and muscle stiffness after hearing rave reviews from their professional athlete clients. But West has continued the treatments because they find they lead to benefits including more energy and focus, a boosted metabolism, improved tolerance to cold and pain, faster-growing hair and nails, younger-looking skin and sounder sleep."I can really tell the difference ... when I skip a few days," they say.
What Is Cryotherapy?
Whole body cryotherapy, which essentially means "cold treatment," is a procedure that exposes the body to temperatures colder than negative 200 degrees F for two to four minutes. While it's been used to treat conditions such as multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis in Japan since the late 1970s, it's only been used in Western countries for the past few decades, primarily to alleviate muscle soreness for elite athletes, according to a 2015 Cochrane review of four studies.
But now, spas, gyms and cryotherapy facilities are advertising benefits including weight loss, younger-looking skin, better mood, more energy and more – despite the fact that it's not regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Even Cryohealthcare, a company that makes cryotherapy equipment, notes that the therapy"is designed to supplement health and wellness programs, without treating any medical diseases, disorders or illness."
"While it seems like there could be some beneficial outcomes from it, this doesn't seem to be a breakthrough technology innovation that's going to change medicine," says Dr. Hallie Zwibel, director of sports medicine at New York Institute of Technology College of Osteopathic Medicine on Long Island. "At this point, it seems to be an adjunctive type of treatment."
What Can You Expect From a Cryotherapy Session?
Depending on the facility, you may be given gloves, socks, slippers, a face mask, ear muffs, underwear or all of the above to protect sensitive skin before stepping into a cryotherapy chamber. While it feels cold right away, the time passes quickly, West says. "You're going to get the shivers; you're not going to feel like you're frozen," they say, noting that the treatment just penetrates the skin, so the organs stay safe. Plus, they add, "you can open the door at any moment to get out."
Potential Cryotherapy Benefits
Purported cryotherapy benefits include:
Muscle and joint pain relief
Weight loss
Younger-looking skin
Better mood and energy
Muscle and Joint Pain Relief
If you've ever iced a twisted ankle or sore shoulders, you've treated yourself to a form of cryotherapy that works. Applying cold to an injury for 15 minutes at a time, three to four times a day is "highly effective," says Jon Schriner, a fellow of the American College of Sports Medicine who's based in Michigan. But the benefits of doing that to your whole body are less established.
One 2017 review of studies on athletes in the International Journal of Sports Medicine, for instance, suggests that cryotherapy can be effective in reducing muscle pain, inflammation and cell damage. Research has also shown that athletes may feel like they recover more quickly when they use cryotherapy, "which is important," Zwibel says. Still, the research isn't robust enough to dictate how long, how often and at what temperatures cryotherapy may work best, if at all.
Weight Loss
The theory behind cryotherapy for weight loss is that cold temperatures force your body to work hard – aka burn calories – to stay warm. Cryotherapy spas claim a single session burns hundreds of calories and that repeated use can boost your metabolism, helping you burn more calories all day.
West, for one, notices the difference in their tolerance of Michigan weather. "My metabolic rate has increased, so I don't get cold," they say.
In reality, though, there are better ways to lose weight. "Being cold does boost metabolism by trying to warm the body," but it's a stretch to sell it as a weight-loss therapy, Schriner says. For a better shot at weight loss, you'll probably have to change your eating habits, says Susan Albers, a psychologist at the Cleveland Clinic who specializes in eating issues and weight loss. "(Whole body cryotherapy) is a three-minute treatment, and we're always looking for that thing to solve our issues an easy way," they say. "It doesn't work that way."
Anti-Aging
Since beginning regular whole body cryotherapy treatments, West says their skin looks better than it has in a long time. "This is taking a lot of years off," they say.
But Dr. Marie Jhin, a dermatologist in San Francisco, doesn't suggest people seeking the fountain of youth put their money on it. "With the decrease of temperature, it helps decrease inflammation, so a lot of times, people believe that decrease in inflammation can help with a lot of … inflammatory problems or skin issues," they say. "But it's not long term."
It's better to do what's known to work: Protect your skin from the sun, don't smoke and consult with a dermatologist about FDA-approved treatments such as prescription topicals or dermal fillers. "There's not one thing that helps with anti-aging," Jhin says, noting it depends on your skin condition and how much you want to spend. "It's about being healthy and avoiding things that aren't healthy and doing treatments that are good for your skin."
Anxiety and Depression
For West, stepping out of the cryotherapy chamber elicits "a very euphoric feeling," they say. After all, they survived! But while the procedure might temporarily boost your mood and energy levels, most studies looking at whether it can help treat mental illness aren't strong or large enough to draw conclusions, Albers says.
"The theory behind it is that it releases endorphins and your natural adrenaline, and it gets your blood flowing throughout your body, which is something that can be helpful for people who are experiencing anxiety and depression," they say. "But I'm not sure how long term [it works]."
Plus, anxiety and depression are complex conditions best treated by a mental health professional, Albers says. Of course, no one's stopping you from doing both. "With any kind of [alternative] therapy like this … it's often a nice adjunct to some of the traditional things that you do," they say. "That could be another way of looking at it – combining it with other treatments."
Is Whole Body Cryotherapy Safe?
Cryotherapy isn't safe for everyone. The treatment shouldn't be used by pregnant women or people with various health conditions, including severe hypertension and various heart problems, warns Cryohealthcare. Children under 18 need parental consent.
Zwibel notes that folks with an allergy to cold or a nerve problem like neuropathy could worsen their conditions if they try cryotherapy. And, while the treatment seems to be safe when used correctly (for instance, in short spurts, under supervision and without wet clothing that can freeze and cause frostbite), it can cause skin irritations similar to a windburn or, in rare cases, even be fatal: The treatment caught the public's attention in 2015, when a cryotherapy spa employee died after stepping into the chamber unsupervised, and never stepped out. More recently, a New York woman reportedly filed a lawsuit against their gym and a cryotherapy company after the procedure left them with what they said was permanent scarring. Because the procedure is not FDA-regulated, you'll have to do your own due diligence to find a facility, if any, you trust.
"It could be right for some people," Zwibel says, "and it could definitely be wrong for some people – that's the important thing."
The Australian Tax Office (ATO) has provided businesses with some more guidelines on how it intends to deal with bitcoin, stating that income and profits derived from bitcoin transactions are taxable.
The letter, sent to an Australian bitcoin entrepreneur in response to a request made last June, was a private ruling to specific questions and noted its contents were valid only to that case. But it gives digital currency businesses in the country a better idea of how they should act to comply with tax regulations.
The first question asked if transferring bitcoins to a private company in return for shares would count as income, either ordinary or that from a for-profit undertaking. The answer was simply “Yes”.
As to whether transferring bitcoins to another party would be subject to Goods and Services Tax (GST), the answer was also a one-word “Yes”.
Bitcoin profits would also be subject to capital gains tax, though deductions depending on the individual case would apply.
Clear understanding
The letter also laid out a series of explanations showing the ATO has a fairly clear understanding of what bitcoin is, as well as the technology and processes behind it.
It acknowledges that bitcoin is “based on an open source cryptographic protocol, which is not under the control of a central authority”.
According to the ATO's definition:
“A Bitcoin is a numerical amount that is allocated to a ‘Bitcoin address'. A Bitcoin address is a long string of numbers and letters, each one unique. The process through which Bitcoins are created and enter into circulation is called Bitcoin mining. Mining involves using freely downloadable Bitcoin software to solve complex cryptographic equations that essentially verify and validate blocks of Bitcoin transactions. The first ‘miner' to successfully solving an equation receives a specified number of newly created Bitcoins as a reward to their Bitcoin address. Accordingly, Bitcoins rely on a network of Bitcoin miners using the system to validate transactions and collectively implement a replicated ledger of Bitcoin transactions. The security of this ledger is protected by this mining process. Bitcoins are circulated using a peer-to-peer computer network. Bitcoin users store their Bitcoins in a software program called a ‘Bitcoin wallet'. A transaction involving Bitcoins requires an account, which is in essence a ‘public-/private-keypair'. A Bitcoin address derived from the public key is used to identify the account. To transfer Bitcoins to an account a transaction is created with the address of the account as the destination. To send Bitcoins from an account, the transaction has to be signed with the private key associated with the sending account.”
It also identified that participants in the bitcoin economy did so with the intention of making money, particularly those who mined:
“You invested a substantial amount of money in computer hardware and advanced scientific computing systems with the purpose of making substantial profit from mining and selling Bitcoins.”
An ATO representative had said in early February that the department would publish guidelines on bitcoin for the current tax year, which ends in June. Transactions would be taxed according to their value in Australian dollars.
Permissive atmosphere
Australia has provided some of the more level-headed responses to bitcoin and bitcoin business so far. Compared to other nations, warnings from Australia's regulators have been comparatively mild and so far unofficial.
While the country's corporate banks have reacted in different ways, there have been no central bank moves to block those banks or other financial institutions from working with digital currency. There are no longer any government-owned banks in Australia.
So far the response has been similar to that of Singapore, which has also provided some guidelines on how bitcoin businesses should approach tax time.
Melbourne image via Shutterstock
How your monthly cycle affects your skin causing wrinkles, oiliness and spots. But you CAN beat it – and here's how. Check out the various facial sheet masks that will help reduce skin irritation during your menstrual cycle with Elle Magazine.
Be moisturized, elastic, and bright…
1 Sheet Mask per Day: 4 Weeks Project!
“1 Day 1 Mask skin care is becoming a very popular skin care system. What is the correct way to choose the right facial mask?” – Elle Korea Magazine
Women face changes in their skin condition during their menstrual cycle. Once your period ends, it feels like your skin is clearing up, and right before it begins, you are dealing with uncontrollable acne! That's right. Our skin conditions heavily depend on our hormones during the menstrual cycle. Take a look at the graph below.
1-7 days: Tender Skin
7-14 days: Golden Skin
14-21 days: Oily Skin
21-28 days: Dry Skin
Don't just follow the recent trend of putting on 1 facial mask per day. You need to find the right facial mask that provides the right necessities that fit your skin type. Take a look at the different types of masks that might help you during your menstrual cycle!
1st week
Your skin experiences the ‘worst' condition that gradually starts to improve later. This is caused by a hormone called prostaglandin, which causes contractions in the uterine walls during menstruation. In this case, you need to select a mask that helps with moisturizing and reproducing the skin. The blood circulations and metabolism rates are not active during this period, so you might get dark circles under your eyes. Try wearing an eye patch to remove the dark circles and make the skin moist.
Keywords: Skin reproduction, moisturizing, promote recovery, regenerate enhancement, blood circulation, relieve swelling
Day 1 ‘Pig Skin Collagen Gel Jelly Sheet Mask' is highly enriched in collagen to restore suppleness, even skin tone for glowing, radiant skin, 45,000 KRW, Holika Holika.
Day 2 ‘Water Volume EX Mask' delivers concentrated hydration, leaving skin soft, smooth and super-moisturized, 4,ooo KRW, Mizon.
Day 3 ‘Genifique Second Skin Mask' combines complex and expertise in bio-cellulose technology, and it treats your skin to a new kind of indulgence, x6 119,000 KRW, Lancome.
Day 4 ‘Real Barrier Extreme Cream Mask' refines and firms the weakened skin barrier, 3,000 KRW, Atopalm.
Day 5 ‘MasCream Sheet' contains cream that feels like applying a whole jar of cream, 2,000 KRW, The Face Shop.
Day 6 ‘Red Gingseng Cream-In-Mask' is a highly nutritious moisturizing mask to cultivate healthy skin moisturizing and elasticity to the skin moist given, x5 40,000 KRW, Donginbi.
Day 7 ‘Daily Return Mask' contains centella extracts that help heal skin injuries, relieves skin, and let's it reproduce, 6,000 KRW, Wonjin Cellcera.
2nd week
The amount of sebum secretion is appropriate at this time and sebum concentration becomes homeopathic, which increases the skin's immunity and gloss level. It's better to squeeze any acne found. The recovery of the skin is fast and scars will be gone. I'd either recommend the ‘melting and removing keratin' or ‘accelerating turnover' functioning sheet masks for facial, and anything that includes pores and anti-wrinkle skin care. In order to discharge waste effectively, put a steam towel over your face for about 5 minutes and then apply the face mask.
Keywords: Turnover, keratin removal, deep cleansing, discharge waste, functional component
Day 8 ‘Cleansing Un Deux Spa Mask' helps with pore cleansing and supplying moisture, 10,000 KRW, Agatha.
Day 9 ‘Brightening Sparkling Water Peeling Mask' contains AHA, BHA, and fresh carbon that makes skin brighter and moisturized, x3 12,000 KRW, Laneige.
Day 10 ‘Cellpium Vampire Cleansing Mask' removes sebum and waste, and provides deep cleansing, x5 20,000 KRW, Cellpium.
Day 11 ‘Antioxidant Activeessence Sheet Mask' contains high concentrations of antioxidants and anti-aging active ingredients, x7 70,000 KRW, Davi.
Day 12 ‘Jeju Volcanic Blackhead 3-Step Program' that effectively removes deep rooted blackheads, 25,000 KRW, Innisfree.
Day 13 ‘2 in 1 Propolis Energy Ampule Mask' contains concentrated Propolis extract known for its antioxidant qualities to improve skin's vitality, x5 19,000 KRW, CNP.
Day 14 ‘Detox Diva Mask' helps to minimize pores, absorb impurities and protect from toxins and free-radicals without removing your skin's essential natural oils, 6,000 KRW, MaskerAide.
3rd week
This is the ovulation phase. While the progesterone secretion developing sebaceous glands increase, your skin condition will become worse. Then sebum secretion and skin temperature will rise together and cause dry skin. The solution to relieving dry skin is to take care of the sebum near irritated areas. Because when progesterone increases, it causes more spots and freckles. Therefore, brightening sheet masks will help significantly with this skin type.
Keywords: moisturization, sebum care, prevent color pigmentation, skin tone-up, brightening
Day 15 ‘Whitening Solution Mask' contains whitening care components such as vitamin C, (Licorice) Root Extract, and Arbutin give brighter and clearer skin, 3,300 KRW, Dewytree.
Day 16 ‘White Extreme 3D Black Mask' creates bright and radiant skin, x6 60,000 KRW, O Hui.
Day 17 ‘Dermask Water Jet Vital Hydra Solution Mask' contains cellulose fiber that deeply hydrates, replenishes, and protects skin's own moisture, x5 20,000 KRW, Dr.Jart+.
Day 18 ‘Aqua Bomb Sheet Mask' gives immediate cooling and moisturizing effect, x5 30,000 KRW, Belif.
Day 19 ‘Heartleaf Houttuynia Skin Fit Mask' provides a deep moisturizing effect, 4,500 KRW, Mamonde.
Day 20 ‘Essential Enriched Mask' contains pearl protein that moisturizes and brightens the skin , x3 11,000 KRW, Jung Saem Mool.
Day 21 ‘BIO Essence Mask' contains Bio-redox compounds, primes skin condition to an optimal state, x5 25,000 KRW, Iope.
4th week
This is the premenstrual week where progesterone secretion is at the peak. You become depressed and non energetic for no reason.The sebum secretion becomes voracious and irritations erupt, and weakened skin becomes easily irritated by even the smallest things. You must use oil-free products! No matter how dry your skin is, it's better to avoid oily products and to promote metabolism, while finger massaging the face (acupressure treatment) with the sheet mask over your skin.
Keywords: Relieve irritations, oil-free, promote metabolism, hypoallergenic
Day 22 ‘Seal's Beauty Secret Mask' gives extensive moisturizing effect and soothes the skin from dry weather, 4,500 KRW, Beyond.
Day 23 ‘Revital and Activating Original Source Mask' provides immediate moisturizing effect , x5 50,000 KRW, Allvit.
Day 24 ‘Hydrogel Mask' relieves and rejuvenates skin, x5 20,00 KRW, Primera.
Day 25 ‘Gokujyun Mask' is a super hyaluronic acid moisturizing mask, 4,000 KRW, Hadalabo.
Day 26 ‘Real Nature Cucumber Mask Sheet' has abundant vitamins and minerals that help the skin absorb hydration better, 2,000 KRW, Nature Republic.
Day 27 ‘Essential Snail Sheet Mask' contains improve skin elasticity, boosting vitality, and prevent skin damage, 1,000 KRW, About Me.
Day 28 ‘Skin Fit Mask, Lotus' is designed to fit so well and close to your skin that it is as if the flower petals themselves are wrapped softly around your skin, 4,500 KRW, Mamonde.
Source: Elle Korea
Photo courtesy of DR.JART+
Editor: Jung Yoon Ji
Art Designer: Lee Yu Mi
By James Herd
Contributor
The Electronic Entertainment Expo — or E3 as it's more commonly known — created in 1995, has always been a location for video game companies, as well as technology innovators, to reveal groundbreaking achievements and long-awaited products to the masses. This year is no different.
Held June 5 – 7 at the Los Angeles Convention Center, thousands of innovators will attend the event, hoping to shock and amaze fans as they have done in the past.
Fans will see correspondents from IGN, Bethesda Softworks, Game Informer, Machinima, Konami and Sega among the exhibitors attending the event this year. The major question on the minds of the fans is this: What new releases will be announced?
Valve, a popular video game developer headed by Gabe Newell, has become famous for its first-person shooters such as “Half Life,” “Portal,” “Left 4 Dead” and “Team Fortress 2.” Valve has stated before that it realizes how much their constant delaying of “Half Life 2: Episode 3” or “Half Life 3” is annoying the loyal fans.
On Feb. 20, Newell told gaming website The Penny Arcade Report, “We're acutely aware of how much we annoy our fans and it's pretty frustrating to us when we put them into that situation.”
As a result, two new websites have emerged. One of them, Atramental-plateau.com, is a completely black website with the “Black Mesa” logo, and black colored font reading “E3 2012.” Another website, called black-aperture.com, named after the fictitious laboratory which serves as a mystery in both the “Half-Life” and “Portal” franchise, has been made as well to promote the upcoming developments.
Along with this mouth-watering breakthrough, four months ago popular image board 4chan got some users together to “write a complaint” to Gabe Newell about the delay. Each user gave one random or to-the-point word and, once complete, the letter made about as much sense as the “Mass Effect 3” ending.
“I don't suppose it would ease your wrath if I told you we're announcing all of your favorite things at E3 2012?” Newell said in response. “I can see how the wording caused some confusion there. Yes, we are announcing something with a three in it”.
Of course, this could mean many different products, but loyal Valve fans are hopeful for either “Half Life 3” or “Portal 3,” but since “Portal 2” released last year, it's highly unlikely that a third will be released so soon.
Another rumor, which I think seems possibly true, suggests that Sony and Microsoft will take the time to unveil their next generation consoles during E3 2012. Sony's Playstation 4, codenamed ‘Orbis', and Microsoft's ‘Xbox 720' are giving fans a chance to imagine what could possibly make these systems any better than the current generation.
A popular rumor suggests that both of these gaming consoles will disable the use of used games, leaving players to play only new games and/or downloadable content or games.
Along with this troubling idea, some are claiming that there will be a removal of the disc drives, making the next generation comparable to the degenerating ‘PSPgo', which did terribly in stores.
One confirmed unveiling is that of the WiiU, which was already unveiled in a limited sense at the E3 2011 show. It will be unveiled completely at this year's show. Last year, the controllers, which developers have promised will be wireless, were still connected to the console, and the console itself was practically an empty shell, with only the software being left in the development kit. This will be Nintendo's first console release since the Wii back in 2006, so many Nintendo fans are eagerly awaiting what lies in store.
E3 2012 has many revelations in store for fans of technology and video games alike, but that is usual for the show that has lasted the test of time. For those who cannot make the show in person, G4 (also known as G4:TechTV) will be featuring an in-depth coverage of the event, featuring news, previews, press conferences, trailers and much more when the event finally takes place.
Until then, we're all just left to speculate on the rumors.
Register User Forum List Active Topics Search Who's Online Help Topic Options #260388 - 06:30 PM mIRC 7.48 released Khaled
Planetary brain
Registered: 04/12/02
Posts: 4349
Loc: London, UK Registered: 04/12/02Posts: 4349Loc: London, UK
mIRC v7.48 has been released today.
This is a small update that addresses a number of issues reported by users since the last release. It includes improvements, changes and fixes to a number of features, including:
Added SASL/NickServ support as a per server setting.
Added channel central support for +q quiet list.
Added "Control key enables mark/copy" option and the ability to copy single characters.
Added support for middle-click mouse button to close tabs in switchbar/treebar.
Added CAP support for extended-join, account-notify, away-notify, account-tag, invite-notify, and chghost.
Extended $com() to handle one dimensional single-byte array results.
Added sha256 fingerprint to server SSL certificate dialog.
Fixed if/while statement parsing bug.
Updated to OpenSSL 1.0.2k library.
Added /ialfill #channel command and extended $ial() identifier.
Extended /ialmark to allow setting multiple, arbitrary marks.
Fixed windows shutdown handling bug that prevented mIRC from saving settings correctly.
Extended $regsub() and $regsubex() to support output to a &binvar.
Changed sound-related routines to use DirectSound to play sounds.
Added "Create new certificate" button to SSL dialog that creates a new self-signed client certificate.
Added $sslcertsha1 and $sslcertsha256 identifiers that return fingerprint of currently loaded client certificate.
Added /drawsize @ <w h> that sets the bitmap size for picture windows.
How to upgrade?
mIRC is distributed in an installer that installs mIRC on your computer for you. Simply download and run the installer from the download page on the mIRC website. Follow the instructions the installer gives to you. When upgrading all your old settings and scripts will stay as they were, if you want that. Read the questions the installer asks with care and nothing can go wrong. You will be chatting with the new mIRC in no time. If you get stuck or if you want to find out more about a certain feature, just click on a Help button or browse the Help file and you should find lots of hints to help you out.
Where to download?
As always, the latest version of mIRC can be downloaded from the
Registering mIRC
As you know, mIRC can be downloaded freely and evaluated for 30 days. If you find that you enjoy using mIRC, it would be great and much appreciated if you registered your copy. This licenses you to keep your copy of mIRC and helps to support our continued work on mIRC. You can find out how to register
Full list of Fixes, Changes and Additions.
For a more detailed list of recent changes, please see the
Thanks for using mIRC, have fun on IRC! Dear mIRC User,mIRC v7.48 has been released today.This is a small update that addresses a number of issues reported by users since the last release. It includes improvements, changes and fixes to a number of features, including:Added SASL/NickServ support as a per server setting.Added channel central support for +q quiet list.Added "Control key enables mark/copy" option and the ability to copy single characters.Added support for middle-click mouse button to close tabs in switchbar/treebar.Added CAP support for extended-join, account-notify, away-notify, account-tag, invite-notify, and chghost.Extended $com() to handle one dimensional single-byte array results.Added sha256 fingerprint to server SSL certificate dialog.Fixed if/while statement parsing bug.Updated to OpenSSL 1.0.2k library.Added /ialfill #channel command and extended $ial() identifier.Extended /ialmark to allow setting multiple, arbitrary marks.Fixed windows shutdown handling bug that prevented mIRC from saving settings correctly.Extended $regsub() and $regsubex() to support output to a &binvar.Changed sound-related routines to use DirectSound to play sounds.Added "Create new certificate" button to SSL dialog that creates a new self-signed client certificate.Added $sslcertsha1 and $sslcertsha256 identifiers that return fingerprint of currently loaded client certificate.Added /drawsize @ that sets the bitmap size for picture windows.mIRC is distributed in an installer that installs mIRC on your computer for you. Simply download and run the installer from the download page on the mIRC website. Follow the instructions the installer gives to you. When upgrading all your old settings and scripts will stay as they were, if you want that. Read the questions the installer asks with care and nothing can go wrong. You will be chatting with the new mIRC in no time. If you get stuck or if you want to find out more about a certain feature, just click on a Help button or browse the Help file and you should find lots of hints to help you out.As always, the latest version of mIRC can be downloaded from the download page on the mIRC website.As you know, mIRC can be downloaded freely and evaluated for 30 days. If you find that you enjoy using mIRC, it would be great and much appreciated if you registered your copy. This licenses you to keep your copy of mIRC and helps to support our continued work on mIRC. You can find out how to register here For a more detailed list of recent changes, please see the whatsnew.txt file. You will need to read through the help file to learn more about these changes and their impact. Some changes are obvious, some need getting used to - please take your time to play with them and see how they work. May we invite you to use these forums for all questions you might have? The forums offer great help with everything related to mIRC!Thanks for using mIRC, have fun on IRC!
Top Preview Hop to: News and Discussions ------ The Latest News General Discussion Support ------ mIRC Help Connection Issues Scripts & Popups Development ------ Feature Suggestions Developers Bug Reports
Initially, Darren Day told their 12-year-old daughter Macy that the family couldn't afford to go to HelloWorld. Billed as an “immersive live experience”, the two-day event was going to be a place for young fans to see their YouTube heroes in the flesh, enjoy carnival rides, listen to live music, and play games. When Day was given the opportunity to do overtime at work, they jumped at the chance. They eventually spent “just short of a week's wages” to attend the mini-festival.
“I was almost brought to tears looking at the disappointment on Macy's face,” they say now, two days after the event.
When Day and their family arrived at Birmingham Genting Arena for HelloWorld, they were almost instantly disappointed. “I feel like I've actively been ripped off, I really do,” says the 48-year-old, who paid £171 for three tickets.  They are not alone. Peter Preston, a 41-year-old from Bradford, paid over £200 to take their daughter and a friend to HelloWorld for their 13th birthday.
“It became apparent after about five minutes there was absolutely nothing to do,” they say, “You could genuinely see parents in the middle of the room standing around going ‘what on earth are we going to do?'” Preston says the advertised carnival rides weren't there, and some stages and sets were completely empty of stars. They say a giant arcade game intended for the children to play on was broken.
“Every so often you'd hear a cheer and there'd be hundreds of stampeding children running across the hall,” says Preston, describing children “falling and tripping up” when YouTube stars emerged into the arena. “By the time most of them had got to the person, whoever it was, they had gone.”
Via Peter Preston
HelloWorld was supposed to be different. Over the past decade, YouTube meet-ups have become difficult to manage, with stars needing greater and greater security to talk with their millions of viewers. “We wanted to avoid a standard meet-and-greet scenario where you guys queue for ages,” said YouTuber Jim Chapman on the event's official website, explaining that the arena would have a “Main Street” of stalls and activities. “You can play games with us, you can do activities with us, we might even get to collaborate.”
Kelly Jones and their 11-year-old daughter Madeline queued for two hours in order to meet YouTube superstar Zoella. “There were a lot of queues and people stood in them because they didn't know what to do,” Jones says. They and their daughter waited outside Zoella's “winter wonderland” area, but when they were finally let in, they realised the vlogger wasn't there. “It was a disgrace, we were being completely exploited,” says Jones. “I stood up to this guy [who worked there] and said ‘You're sending us in after two hours to look at fake trees?'.”
Jo Harris, a 48-year-old from Bristol who took their 14-year-old daughter Lucy to the event, experienced the same thing. “We'd just stood there queuing, in a crush, for twenty minutes… that was very frustrating,” they say. Harris, who uses crutches, was also disappointed at the lack of disability access at the event.
Since they first announced the event, the team behind HelloWorld were clear the festival was “not a meet and greet”. Yet although ticket-buyers knew there was no guarantee they'd meet YouTube stars for photographs or autographs, Chapman's video made the possibilities for interaction sound endless. “Along Main Street you might bump into a YouTuber or two,” they said at one point. Then, later in the video: “Maybe we'll film something together, who knows?”
Sixteen-year-old Abigail Barlow spent £114 of their wages to buy HelloWorld tickets for themselves and their younger sister. After earning the money working part time in a hotel, Barlow was amazed when they first entered the arena on Sunday. “It looked amazing,” they say, explaining that they rushed to Zoella's area, just like Jones and their daughter. “There was a queue there and they blocked it off, so we couldn't get in.
“Jim Chapman said there would be no queuing, YouTubers would just be walking around, which they weren't, they were just stood in the corner occasionally,” they say. “It was definitely made out to be something that it wasn't.” When asked if they regret spending money on the event, they say “yeah, 100 per cent.”
Olivia Blanch spent over £560 in total to attend HelloWorld. The 44-year-old from Dublin flew over with their 14-year-old daughter Tara, and spent £226 on two VIP tickets. For the price, the family were able to meet and get a photograph with YouTuber Joe Sugg, and got a goodie bag featuring a T-shirt, bath bomb, face mask, and lanyard.
“Had they have not got their photograph with Joe Sugg, it would've been a total and utter disaster,” says Blanch. They say Tara spent their own money to buy Sugg a gift, but was ushered away from them almost immediately after they handed it over. “You literally got 20 seconds, get your photograph taken and get out.”
Not everyone disliked HelloWorld. The event's official Facebook page shows it has been rated 2.4 out of five stars by attendees, and many children on Twitter are happily posting selfies with their favourite YouTubers. Every parent I spoke to praises the event's security, which they describe as very thorough. Perhaps this illustrates best the differing viewpoints of parents and children, as many now disagree about the event. While parents feel ripped off, young fans staunchly defend their favourite stars. One woman who posted a negative review on the Facebook page said they couldn't speak to me as it would upset them daughter.
“I will continue to line Zoella's pockets even though they let my daughter down so very badly,” reads a complaint letter from Julia Maunders, a 34-year-old mother from South Wales. “I however have a very different view to my daughter and there is no question in my mind that my daughter and other children were exploited during these shambles of an event for their money.”
Kelly Jones' daughter, Madeline, has now changed their mind about YouTubers. “She actually said to me, ‘Mummy, I don't want any more of their stuff because I feel they just want our money'. She's 11, and I never put that in their head, I never said any of that,” says Jones. Conversely, Harris tells me their daughter wants to praise one particular YouTuber, Oli White. “He was on the stage two or three times a day, they seemed to do a good job and they were quite a main part of the show, so they were pleased with him.”
Each day of HelloWorld ended with a live show. Promised as a two hour performance by YouTube's biggest stars, Saturday night's event ran at one and a half hours. The expected “House Party to end all House Parties*” after the event never happened – though on this, HelloWorld had been clear. “*Subject to change,” announced an asterisk on its site.
A post shared by HelloWorld (@helloworldlive) on Oct 15, 2017 at 1:06am PDT
Again, many teens enjoyed the show, including 16-year-old Barlow. Parents, however, express concerns that YouTuber KSI rapped swear words, and many YouTubers joked about death and sex. In particular, parents and children alike were upset that their favourite star, Zoella, only appeared on stage for three minutes.
“Hi Jayne! There are some people who feel really comfortable being on a stage in front of thousands of people, however I am not one of them & was never scheduled to be on the main stage for a ‘segment' on my own!” Zoella tweeted this weekend to a disappointed fan. Day, the man who worked overtime to take their 12-year-old daughter to the event, is sympathetic to Zoella's anxiety but wishes the promotional material had advertised this fact.
“If you look at all of the advertising that's anything to do with it, Zoella and Joe Sugg are at the top of the list all of the time… they really sold the show. Don't get me wrong if they have anxiety that's fair enough, but perhaps organising a show where thousands of people are expecting to see you ben't the best thing.”
When questioned about this and the event's other issues, a spokesperson for HelloWorld said:
“We at HelloWorld want to let you know that we are really disappointed and very sorry to hear that some fans feel they did not get the experience they were hoping for. It is the fans that help make these shows so great and we always want to ensure that everyone has an amazing time. We really appreciate everyone's feedback and we are taking everything on board. The Hello World event is designed as a new way for fans to see their favourite content creators on stage and a change from the old ‘meet and greet' style events. The atmosphere at the event was very positive overall and we had venue and event staff on hand to deal in real time with any teething issues on a case-by-case basis. Anyone who has been in touch with our official email address is being responded to on an individual basis and we appreciate fans patience during this process.”
Laura Mcdougal is a 22-year-old from Birmingham who says they got “nothing” from the event. “We paid 60 quid and we got nothing from it, I literally feel like I've been robbed,” they say. Many who attended the event were surprised that in order to meet stars, they had to be VIPs or have won wristbands through social media games. Mcdougal's sister won one of these, which allowed them to attend a Q&A with YouTuber Tyler Oakley.
“It said on the email we'd have a chance to meet [him] and get a photo… but when it finished Tyler got rushed away,” they say. “There were a lot of people with sad looking faces.” Mcdogual says they had nothing to do for “85 per cent” of the time at HelloWorld, and wishes the tickets had been cheaper at £30 or £35.
One 39-year-old man who wishes to remain anonymous lists everything that went wrong: stars' sessions lasting just ten minutes, rude security, queuing without being told a star had already left, hour long queues for merchandise, and pick ‘n' mix costing £2.20 per 100g. But three of the parents I speak to reference one moment as a particular sting.
When vlogger Louise Pentland took to the stage, they opened with a joke. Day paraphrases it as this:
“Hi everyone, thanks for coming. I've recently moved, so thank you very much for buying my new house.”
Paleo Baking: Oxymoron?
Okay, before I get labeled as a hypocrite, full disclosure: I currently have 2 baked goods recipes on my site: crustless cheesecake and flourless chocolate cake. I've made cheesecake twice since going paleo and the chocolate cake once. I do not, however, have a single recipe that calls for any type of flour. And yes, I do sometimes indulge in some gluten-free baked goods. But I don't pretend what I'm doing is “paleo”. I've been itching to rant about this for a while. And it'll undoubtedly piss some people off. Oh well.
I remember when I first started blogging a year ago, the “dessert” recipes were for the most part rather crude. They were a mishmash of “paleo” ingredients that you probably wouldn't bring to a non-paleo dinner party. Delicious? Of course. But they hardly resembled conventional desserts. I personally really liked these paleo treats. There was a rustic, and, well, primal, charm about them. Now, the “paleo” desserts on dessertstalker could be mistaken for those from any other non-paleo recipe site. No offense to dessertstalker, which is a sweet site (pun intended). I think it's more of a reflection of the paleo community. The site “Doesn't Do Cupcakes.” And yet… Biscotti? Muffins? Crepes? Cookies? Banana Bread? I'd say that's cutting it pretty close. Does that mean that our recipes are now more sophisticated? Is this something to be celebrated? I personally don't think so.
The problem with Flour Substitutes
First, although the ingredients are technically paleo, to me they're toeing the line. I especially take issue with flours. Less so with coconut flour, which is ground up coconut meat, and isn't the best wheat flour substitute, so doesn't get used as often in the recipes I speak of. But still, it's mostly just fiber. You're not eating the whole coconut and you're not getting any of the beneficial fats. I guess my question is, what's the point, since it's not really nutritious… Are we eating for the sake of eating – isn't that kind of anti-paleo?A couple of weeks ago was my first time ever buying coconut flour. I used it for fried chicken. I don't foresee myself using it again any time soon. Nothing wrong with it, but I just don't really have a use for it.
The flour I take more issue with is almond flour, which seems to be the flour replacement of choice, since it behaves more like wheat flour. Why would you want to eat so many ground up almonds? They're packed with Omega 6. Plus, when you're baking with almond flour, you're basically subjecting almonds to high heat. I don't see this being healthy. It's never good to heat Omega 6 – think of all those seed oils that become rancid when heated. Walnuts are especially high in Omega 6's, so I'll pass on walnut meal as well. I generally try to stay away from nuts, other than macadamias, which are so pricey that I don't really over-indulge in those, either.
Other Baking Ingredients
As if the “paleo” flours weren't bad enough, the main ingredient that differentiates cooking from baking is, of course, sugar (in all its forms). The more you bake, the more sugar you consume. I have enough of a sweet tooth and don't need help with coming up with ways to eat more of it. And I don't remember the last time I used baking powder. At least the more rustic paleo-ish treats like custards for example were mostly made of the good stuff like eggs and cream.
The Slippery Slope of Baking
As I've mentioned before, there's no denying that I have a sweet tooth. In a way, going paleo was a huge relief for me. The majority of sugary treats contain flour – pastries, cookies, cakes, most things that line bakery shelves. I no longer have to try to resist these temptations. My decision-making has been simplified. They contain grain flour? Ok, that means I can't have them. I have chosen to never again eat flour. This makes my decision making way simple. It's got flour? Oh well, can't have it. This has dramatically decreased my consumption of sugar. Sure, I still find other ways, but again, drastic decrease.
I totally get having the occasional treat with almond flour. I just had some macarons this past week for example. And those were packed with sugar. But I'm human. And more importantly, I recognize that such treats aren't “paleo”. Also, I'm not going to recreate these treats at home, and they're not very widely available, which means I'm unlikely to have them very often.
But I used to love baking, and I was rarely able to pass a bakery without buying a little somethin' somethin'. So if I were to start baking with almond flour, and actively seeking out treats made with almond flour, well, for me it'd be a slippery slope. I could easily see it going from an occasional treat to a difficult to break habit.
Purpose of Eating
We eat to nourish our bodies, and our souls. Food should be delicious and enjoyable. But it should also serve a purpose. At best, most baked goods are empty calories. At worst, they are sugar-laden and excessive in Omega 6, and often replace more nutritious whole foods that we could be eating. What is their purpose? To feed our sugar addiction and cure our boredom? Isn't that one of the main virtues of the paleo diet – we don't mindlessly consume for the sake of consumption, unlike the Standard American Diet? Are our desserts really more superior just because their ingredients are technically “paleo”? It's like we're so focused on the substitute ingredients we're using that we miss the bigger picture. Perhaps the ingredients are “paleo”, but what about the end product?
So What?
I get it. There are lots of reasons to eat baked paleo treats made with alternative flours. For starters:
They're delicious
At least they don't contain gluten
You gotta live a little
Maybe having the occasional “paleo” cookie will help people stick with the paleo diet rather than deciding it's too restrictive
Not everyone feels the need to approach 90%+ paleo, and they're fine with 80/20 or even slightly less. And isn't that better than nothing? Sure. And there's nothing wrong with that. Everyone is entitled to their own approach and opinion. And now you know mine – no matter how you sugar coat it, baking, for the most part, isn't paleo.
I myself am far from perfect when it comes to snacking and sugar. But perhaps that's my point. I think we should be encouraging each other stay on track, eating as healthy as possible, rather than acting as enablers of unhealthy eating habits, under the guise of “paleo”.
What's your take on paleo baking?
Shared with Food Renegade and Real Food Wednesdays.
Number of babies born to immigrant mothers doubles in a decade to one in four
The number of babies born to immigrant mothers has doubled in a decade, official figures reveal.
Some 24.6 per cent of children delivered in England and Wales last year were to women who were born abroad.
There were 174,174 births to foreign mothers last year, compared to 86,456 in 1998.
Crowded: Net migration is actually increasing sharply, and currently stands at an unsustainable 196,000 a year
The highest figure in the UK was recorded in Newham, east London, where more than three quarters – 75.5 per cent – of births were to immigrant mothers, according to the Office of National Statistics.
The three most common countries of birth of non-UK born mothers are Pakistan, Poland and India.
The Office for National Statistics said: 'If the number of non UK-born women living in England and Wales increases then it follows that the number of births to these women is likely to increase.'
The figures also reveal the UK population swelled by nearly 200,000 last year - one of the largest increases during Labour's 13 years in power.
There were 196,000 more immigrants than Britons leaving for abroad, according to official figures released on Thursday.
That meant the overall population of Britain rose by the equivalent of a city the size of Portsmouth.
Boom: The number of babies born to mothers who were themselves born outside the UK has increased sharply over the last decade
'Net migration', the number of immigrants in excess of the number of people leaving the country, was 20 per cent up on 2008 - defying predictions that the recession would reduce the figure.
The population is now set to hit the sensitive 70million barrier two years earlier than expected.
But the rise has mainly been fuelled by a drop in emigration by British citizens.
Jailed: Loloahi Tapui, the former cleaner to Attorney General Baroness Scotland, stayed four years beyond their visa
Almost certainly as a result of the downturn, 23 per cent fewer Britons left the country than in the year before - down from 166,000 to 127,000.
The increased numbers staying put meant immigrants made a greater contribution to the size of the overall population.
It had been projected Britain's population would reach 70million by 2029 - which some analysts say will put pressure on transport, housing, water, power and other services.
At the last year's migration rates, this symbolic figure will be reached two years earlier, 17 years from now.
England is already the most crowded country in Europe, bar tiny Malta, according to figures given to MPs this week.
The 196,000 net migration figures - up from 163,000 in 2008 - has been exceeded only three times.
Higher figures were recorded in 2004, 2005 and 2007, years in which hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans came to the UK after their countries joined the EU.
Ministers blamed Labour for the latest rise, saying its 'points-based system' for controlling immigration had failed.
They repeated their pledge to reduce net migration to the levels of the 1990s. But Tory MPs said the 2009 jump in net migration was a 'wake-up call' for the Coalition.
The Migrationwatch think-tank called for an immigration cap to be supplemented by a four-year limit on stays by economic migrants unless they can prove their long-term value to the UK.
Yesterday's official estimates said that 437,000 foreign citizens came into Britain last year, 'not statistically significantly different' from numbers in 2008.
A further 91,000 Britons came back into the country from living abroad, again, a figure not meaningfully different from that for the previous year.
Immigration from Eastern Europe continued to add to the population. Estimates showed that 52,000 Poles and other Eastern Europeans came into the country while 47,000 left.
Workforce boost: Business Secretary Vince Cable is sympathetic to calls from industry to allow more foreign workers into the country
The number of people granted the right to settle in Britain by the Home Office rose by well over a third, 37 per cent, in the 12 months up to June this year.
The 224,390 people allowed to live in this country to work or join their families was up from 163,600 in the year to June 2008.
Ministers, who have said a cap on immigration from outside Europe will be brought in next year, blamed Labour for the figures.
Immigration Minister Damian Green said: 'Labour's immigration legacy is even worse than anyone feared.
'These statistics show why we must tighten our immigration system in order to reduce net migration to manageable levels.
'While it is important that we attract the brightest and the best to ensure strong economic growth, uncontrolled migration places unacceptable pressure on public services.
'The Government is committed to reducing the level of net migration over the course of this Parliament to the levels of the 1990s - tens of thousands each year, not hundreds of thousands.'
But Tory MP James Clappison said: 'These figures are a real wake-up call for the Coalition - if one were needed.
'Immigration at this level would result in a greatly over-crowded country, and there are few tasks if any more vital for the Coalition than to clamp down on the history of high levels of immigration.'
Some ministers, notably Business Secretary Vince Cable, have made public their opposition to any cap.
But a study by left-leaning think tank Demos last weekend which showed immigration concerns were responsible for voters deserting Labour at the May election has concentrated the minds of politicians.
Sir Andrew Green, of Migrationwatch, said: 'If we are to stem the inexorable rise of our population to 70million within 20 years, of which 68 per cent will be the result of immigration, economic migrants should be expected to leave after four years and their departure recorded.'
For many actors, playing even just a small role in an illustrious franchise such as Star Trek is a highlight of their career. Idolised celebrities including Tom Morello and Seth MacFarlane, and even King Abdullah bin al-Hussein of Jordan consider their briefest of appearances to be among their happiest of moments. Whilst it is fair to say that anyone who has graced Star Trek with their presence would describe it as a proud achievement, there are also those from whom it was just one part in a distinguished career. Whether they had yet to make it when they made their appearance, or were chosen because of their renowned career, there are those with resumes so impressive that even Star Trek can be overshadowed. These include David Warner, for whom even multiple appearances sit nicely alongside other cult roles in films such as The Omen, and Tron. Charles Napier and Frank Langella are character actors whose faces are often recognised from appearances in countless iconic films, including The Silence Of The Lambs, Philadelphia, and Frost/Nixon. But then there are those for whom just an appearance in an iconic film wasn't enough. Those who, despite even recurring roles in Star Trek, are better known for characters and performances that are regarded in the highest esteem, and are often considered to be among the cinematic elite.
GETTY Gangs of migrants men attacked scores of women in Cologne on New Year's
MEPs from across all parties condemned the assault on December 31 last year, but said sexual harassment of women has become the norm across Europe. Speaking during a debate at the European Parliament on violence against women in public spaces, prompted by the Cologne attacks, European Union (EU) politicians urged for a European directive to combat violence against women.
But European Commissioner for Regional Policy, Romanian Corina Cretu, said it was up to each member state to assume responsibility to formally prosecute those who have committed violence against women. A total of 497 women filed criminal complaints alleging 766 counts of sexual assault, including three rapes outside Cologne's main railway station on New Year's Eve.
GETTY The Cologne sex attacks sparked an angry response in Germany
A co-ordinated group of male migrants are thought to have taken out the attacks, which also happened in other German cities and across Europe. Many also spoke out against the thousands of refugees and migrants who have arrived in Europe over the past year, saying their cultures do not match up with European culture.
GETTY Angela Merkel has backtracked on their immigration policy in the aftermath of the Cologne attacks
Milan Zver, of the Slovenian Democratic Party, said: “Violence against women in Cologne was not something that was a one off incident. “This is really an attack against our system and we must stand firm in terms of what we wish to convey. “No one should change our lifestyle, no one should make us think differently.”
Many of the MEPs stated a third of women in Europe have been sexually harassed, adding they had been waiting for the debate for far too long. British Tory MEP Julie Girling said violence against women has not just been discovered but added the “Islamisation” of the world has meant the fight against violence to women has gone backwards recently.
GETTY More than a hundred women reported attacks in Cologne
Translated the Final Fantasy XV Active Time Report at Tokyo Game Show 2016 segment about the FFXV Drama CD and what kind of contents we might be hearing in the CD. Enjoy~
Tabata: The people who ordered the Final Fantasy XV Deluxe Edition are all fans who really love the FFXV Universe that we have created thus far, and because of the support of our fans, we wanted to give them something special to answer questions that they might still have that we previously could not answer.
MC: We would like to sum these things up in a drama CD, and although we just started recording for this, some situations we were thinking to bring up would be, for example, what would a conversation be like between Clarus and Gladiolus, or for those who would like to hear more conversations between Clarus and Regis.
Tabata: Yes, also other scenarios such as has Nyx ever interacted with Noctis in the Citadel in passing or not? So these are all various scenarios we have gathered that we have not really touched upon so far.
MC: Yes, that is right. Also, of course we hope everyone is very excited about the story alone here today, but we also wanted to give you guys the title of the Drama CD, which will be “Final Fantasy XV Prologue: The Departed and Those Left Behind,” and we took the characters that have been present in the FFXV Universe and wondered what kind of situations we could hear from them. We hope you are able to enjoy what we have in store for you.
Tabata: And because of this, since there are so many fans who reserved the Deluxe Edition (as well as the Film Box Set and Ultimate Collector's Edition of the game), we really wanted to give you something that can help you enjoy the series even further.
MC: We hope all of the fans of FFXV are able to listen to the Drama CD!
Legend
Obtain all trophies.
0.8%
Ultra Rare 5.85%
Very Rare
Awakening
Complete "PROLOGUE: AWAKENING" mission.
85.9%
Common 92.65%
Common
Phantom Limb
Complete "PHANTOM LIMBS" mission.
68.3%
Common 81.29%
Common
Beekeeper
Complete "WHERE DO THE BEES SLEEP?" mission.
46.8%
Rare 65.15%
Common
Gears Turn
Complete "HELLBOUND" mission.
36.1%
Rare 55.23%
Common
Caravan
Complete "TRAITORS' CARAVAN" mission.
31.0%
Rare 49.39%
Uncommon
Voices
Complete "VOICES" mission.
28.3%
Rare 46.00%
Uncommon
Immortal
Complete "METALLIC ARCHAEA" mission.
25.0%
Rare 41.81%
Uncommon
Skull
Complete "SAHELANTHROPUS" mission.
23.7%
Rare 40.39%
Uncommon
Disappearance
Complete "A QUIET EXIT" mission.
12.4%
Very Rare 26.31%
Uncommon
Truth
Complete "TRUTH: THE MAN WHO SOLD THE WORLD" mission.
12.9%
Very Rare 28.01%
Uncommon
Apprentice
Complete a mission using a Combat Unit staff member.
10.6%
Very Rare 24.89%
Uncommon
Accomplished
Complete all missions.
4.4%
Ultra Rare 12.83%
Rare
Executed
Complete all mission tasks.
1.0%
Ultra Rare 6.12%
Very Rare
Elite
Complete all missions with an S rank.
1.5%
Ultra Rare 7.29%
Very Rare
Undertaken
Complete a SIDE OP.
53.1%
Common 71.07%
Common
Cleared
Complete all "Mine Clearing" SIDE OPS.
4.6%
Ultra Rare 14.11%
Rare
Achieved
Complete all SIDE OPS.
2.8%
Ultra Rare 11.19%
Rare
Captured
Capture an outpost or guard post.
78.2%
Common 86.85%
Common
Deployment
Complete all key Dispatch Missions.
4.1%
Ultra Rare 12.24%
Rare
Intruder
Play an "Infiltration" FOB mission.
12.0%
Very Rare 27.47%
Uncommon
Cry Havoc
Make D-Dog available for deployment.
34.4%
Rare 54.18%
Common
Speechless
Make Quiet available for deployment.
31.7%
Rare 51.27%
Common
Trusty Steed
Raise bond with D-Horse to the maximum.
18.4%
Rare 30.39%
Uncommon
Man's Best Friend
Raise bond with D-Dog to the maximum.
20.2%
Rare 37.02%
Uncommon
War Buddy
Raise bond with Quiet to the maximum.
21.7%
Rare 39.11%
Uncommon
Extraction
Fulton extracts an enemy soldier.
61.2%
Common 76.24%
Common
Interrogation
Interrogate an enemy soldier.
48.1%
Rare 67.67%
Common
To The Rescue
Extract a female prisoner.
37.7%
Rare 57.74%
Common
Platoon
Increase Mother Base staff to 50 or more personnel.
52.9%
Common 69.56%
Common
Battalion
Increase Mother Base staff to 250 or more personnel.
36.8%
Rare 55.24%
Common
Army
Raise all Teams/Units to level 50.
7.8%
Very Rare 17.44%
Rare
Enhancement
Develop 50 or more development items.
39.6%
Rare 59.18%
Common
Reinforcement
Develop 100 or more development items.
26.2%
Rare 44.74%
Uncommon
Locked and Loaded
Develop 300 or more development items.
4.7%
Ultra Rare 13.34%
Rare
Architect
Construct all available platforms for Mother Base.
7.0%
Very Rare 16.32%
Rare
Deterrence
Develop a nuclear weapon.
2.7%
Ultra Rare 10.50%
Rare
Disarmament
Dispose of a nuclear weapon.
1.8%
Ultra Rare 9.52%
Very Rare
Prosperity
Earn a total of 10,000,000 GMP or more.
29.5%
Rare 48.14%
Uncommon
Conservation
Extract all wild animal species.
1.2%
Ultra Rare 7.06%
Very Rare
Collector
Obtain all blueprints and key items.
1.1%
Ultra Rare 6.37%
Very Rare
Reminiscence
Obtain all memento photos.
4.6%
Ultra Rare 15.47%
Rare
Steve Whitmire took over as the Muppets' famous amphibian when Jim Henson died in 1990
Steve Whitmire, the puppeteer who was fired after 27 years as Kermit the Frog has said they are “devastated to have failed” Muppets founder and their mentor Jim Henson.
Muppets say Kermit actor dismissed for 'unacceptable business conduct' Read more
Whitmire has been with the Muppets since 1978, and took over as Kermit after Henson died in 1990. They wrote an emotional blog post in response to their firing a day after it was made public.
They said they were let go against their will, and would never have left voluntarily.
“For me the Muppets are not just a job, or a career, or even a passion. They are a calling, an urgent, undeniable, impossible to resist way of life,” Whitmire wrote. “This is my life's work since I was 19 years old. I feel that I am at the top of my game, and I want all of you who love the Muppets to know that I would never consider abandoning Kermit.”
For me the Muppets ... are a calling, an urgent, undeniable, impossible to resist way of life Steve Whitmire
Whitmire said they were informed that Kermit would be recast in October, and has kept silent in the ensuing months in the hopes that they could get their bosses to change their minds. They said they offered “multiple remedies” to the reasons they were given for their firing.
They would not say what those reasons were, nor would Muppet Studio or its parent company Disney, who have not responded to requests for comment from The Associated Press.
Muppets Studio said in a statement to Time magazine that it “thanks Steve for their tremendous contributions to Kermit the Frog and the Muppets franchise. We wish them well in their future endeavours”.
The Hollywood Reporter and ABC News reported on Wednesday that longtime Muppets performer Matt Vogel will take over as Kermit.
Kermit was Henson's signature character, and the centrepiece of the Muppets franchise from 1955 until 1990. When they died it was unthinkable for many to imagine someone else taking on the role.
But Whitmire took up the job, and became the only Kermit many of today's young adults and children have ever known.
The two made TV appearances on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live and in films like Muppets Most Wanted and The Muppets.
Addressing friends and fans, Whitmire wrote on their blog: “I just want you all to know that I am sorry if I have disappointed any of you at any point throughout our journey, and to let everyone know that I am devastated to have failed in my duty to my hero.”
Over the last few months, HP repeatedly raised and reduced the price of its Elite x3 and Desk Dock in the UK. Oddly, these increases and decreases have never been linked with temporary deals or limited-time offers; the company has simply been changing the price of the bundle every few weeks with nothing to publicly explain those revisions.
Just over a month ago, the cost of the Elite x3 and Desk Dock - which supports Windows 10 Mobile's PC-like Continuum feature - shot up from £706.80 to £757.20 for the second time since the flagship handset launched last year. At the end of March, its price fell to £702.
Now, HP has reduced its price to £673.20, for the third time since December - but this time, the company is offering an additional £90 off the bundle, reducing its price to £583.20. To get that additional discount, you'll simply need to apply the e-voucher code X375 to your purchase when checking out.
On top of that, HP is continuing to offer up to £500 cashback for buyers willing to trade in their existing handsets for an Elite x3. The exact amount you'll get back varies depending on the device that you're trading in; an iPhone 7 or Galaxy S7 will get you £500, but you'll only be offered £125 for Microsoft's Lumia 950 and 950 XL flagships.
The Elite x3's key specs include:
5.96-inch AMOLED with Quad HD (2560x1440px) resolution, Corning Gorilla Glass 4, and anti-reflective coating
Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC
4GB RAM
64GB onboard storage (plus microSD card support)
16MP rear camera
8MP front-facing camera
Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac
Bluetooth 4.0
NFC support
4G LTE connectivity
Optional dual-SIM support
USB 3.0 port with Type-C connector
Iris scanner
Fingerprint scanner
IP67 rating for dust- and water-resistance
MIL-STD-810G rating, assuring device protection for drops from up to 1 meter
Pogo pins
Qi wireless charging
4150mAh battery
161.8 x 83.5 x 7.8mm; 194g
Make sure you check out our HP Elite x3 review if you're thinking of buying one.
Source: HP
Share. No timetable for the fix. No timetable for the fix.
Microsoft is aware that Xbox One users are experiencing problems while utilizing Twitch to stream games on the console.
IGN spent more than an hour with Microsoft support about Titanfall streaming issues on Xbox One, and the company admitted that Twitch broadcast issues are a known problem, pointing to this forum post. There appears to be two complications: Some people can't even broadcast while others experience freezes when going online in Titanfall.
"It took some digging, but I did find a forum about this on our website stating that it is a known issue and that we are currently trying to work on a fix," said a Microsoft support representative. "... Yes, it is an issue with the software of the app itself. I am not sure what the percent of our customers are being affected by this, as it is hard to track unless people post on our forums."
Exit Theatre Mode
According to the Microsoft support representative, there is no timetable for when these issues will be resolved. IGN also reached out to Twitch for comment on these broadcast problems but hadn't heard back in time for publication.
Please let us know if you're encountering Twitch streaming issues on Xbox One in the comments below.
Evan Campbell is a freelance news writer who just recently got an Xbox One and Titanfall. He's streaming their (frustrating) experiences over on their Twitch channel. You can also check out what he's saying on Twitter.
George W. Bush was more concise and stayed on topic — generally more reflective, thoughtful and informed than they were given credit for but highly disciplined about sticking to the message they wanted to impart. They gave interviews when they had a point to make. The trick was crafting a question that would surprise them and get them off script to say what they really thought about something.
Barack Obama enjoyed the give and take of an interview, but there was more give than take. They preferred professorial answers, speaking in full paragraphs. They were smart, logical and impressive. But reporters with long lists of questions watched the clock tick and strained to politely interrupt the world's most powerful person in order to get to more than just a few of them.
None of these men came close to Mr. Trump in their capacity to provoke. A product of the New York tabloid world, Mr. Trump has an unerring instinct for saying things that will produce gasps. An aide may try to steer them away from perilous topics or suggest that something be said off the record, but they usually plow forward anyway. Indeed, while other presidents are routinely joined by multiple advisers and an official stenographer for such interviews, just one aide was present at ours.
This is hardly heedless. Mr. Trump toggled from on the record to off the record with remarkable fluidity. Clearly they were conscious that some things would be problematic if quoted, so it's fair to conclude that the provocative things they said on the record were intentionally so. When we asked more than once whether they might fire the special counsel, they very consciously avoided a direct answer. (We pressed them repeatedly to stay on the record, and the vast majority of the time they did.)
As the global economy lurches from plunge to rebound, key emerging markets are erecting defenses against future financial upheavals. Brazil and Taiwan have imposed new controls on cross-border fund flows, while other Asian and Latin American countries are considering similar moves.
"Countries are worried about the capital that's coming in," says Simon Johnson, former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund.
Especially in Asia, emerging markets have rebounded from the global downturn more quickly than the United States, Europe or Japan. Investors who sought safety in dollar-denominated assets one year ago now are rushing into countries such as South Korea or Brazil. For those smaller economies, however, the huge investment flows can:
•Drive currency values to export-crushing heights.
•Inflate domestic stock and property market bubbles.
•Destabilize economies by leaving as quickly as they arrive.
"It's almost like too much of a good thing," says Win Thin, senior currency strategist at Brown Bros. Harriman in New York.
Brazil last month imposed a 2% tax on foreign capital inflows, then added a separate 1.5% tax on American depositary receipts – foreign company shares that trade on U.S. markets – to discourage investors from switching their holdings in the domestic stock market to ADRs. The Brazilian real is up 41% against the dollar since March.
Taiwan earlier this month barred foreign investors from placing money in short-term time deposits, in a bid to prevent speculative "hot money" inflows. Among other countries eyeing controls: Indonesia, Russia and Kazakhstan.
The IMF typically discourages countries from adopting such measures. Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the fund's managing director, earlier this month told reporters the Brazilian controls were unlikely to be effective.
Economists such as Harvard University's Kenneth Rogoff say controls likely will succeed in the short term by at least slowing the pace of new investment and thus currency appreciation. "It's very smart what they're doing," they said of the Brazilians.
But investors find ways to minimize or evade controls, turning to offshore markets or derivatives. "It's not going to stop people investing. It's just a bit of friction," says Jerome Booth, head of research for Ashmore Investment Management in London.
I decided to do a quick sketch in an attempt to fine-tune the Pint Pony style, and this is what I ended up with. Something far more caricatured than what I'm used to doing, even compared to the first test of my Pint Pony style, but it was very simple, fast, and a LOT of fun to do. I even got to try out some new brushes that simulate pencils! I think this came out pretty good for my first attempt. :3
This also worked as a test for a style I wanted to implement into a little... project. Some merchandise I'd like to feature at Bronycon, but I don't wanna reveal anything until I have at least one of them finished. So excited to get to work on it! :3 Buuuuuuuut yeah. Have yerself some Dashy and I hope you enjoy it! ^.^
Nothing like a $25 million seed round to get a reporter's attention. Yes, SEED round. That's what The Minerva Project gathered from Benchmark Capital.
The company's goal? To build an online university that bucks the category's "diploma mill" connotations. The Minerva Project will offer elite, Ivy League-caliber education, starting in 2014.
Naturally, the premise raises a few questions. So I had a long conversation about the company with CEO and founder Ben Nelson (former CEO of Snapfish). They explained that Minerva won't disrupt the existing university ecosystem -- it'll operate within it.
Our Q+A covers everything from their all-star advisory board (chaired by Larry Summers) and admissions supply-and-demand, to their lofty ideals and the way to establish prestige.
PandoDaily: That is a boatload of money.
Ben Nelson: It is, without question, the biggest seed bet in the Valley in a long time, and the biggest one in Benchmark history. So, yes, from that perspective, it is a very substantial bet. Having said that, we are launching the first elite university in the US in a century. You don't do that by hiring two engineers and beta testing your product to live customers.
Not every business innovation can come out of an incubator. This is one example where, if you were to go and raise even $2 million in a seed, you would effectively accomplish nothing. You cannot launch with a beta, you have to launch with the world's greatest product. You have to have accreditation, administration, professors that are up to the task of an elite education, and you have to find the smartest, hardest-working students on the face of the earth. These aren't things you can do with a small amount of money.
Talk me through the process of starting this thing.
It had a long genesis that started almost 20 years ago when I was at Wharton as an undergrad. For whatever crazy reason, I got a bug in my head that I wanted to have Penn live up to its potential. I spent four years writing white papers, piloting classes and starting new programs, all in an attempt to make Penn better.
After four years of swinging at windmills, I landed a few blows but fundamentally, even though a lot of my theories and proposals were very well-received theoretically, practically there wasn't a way to do anything about them.
So I went off into the business world. Fast forward to two years ago. I had just finished 10 years at my last company [Snapfish], and it was time to do something different. I thought, "I have these ideals of what a 21st century education should look like. Maybe I should do something with it."
That's when I started looking at the industry. I saw that demand has been driven through the roof because the world is more free and wealthy than it was just 25 years ago. But universities have frozen their class sizes, and there is a market that is begging for a service that is in increasingly short supply. Ninety percent of the qualified market is not served.
The line, "Minerva's admissions give no weight to lineage, athletic ability, state or country of origin, or capacity to donate" reads like a direct attack on the country's university system. Am I reading that right?
No. It's important to understand why universities give preference for who they give preference to. They have a limit. Harvard has a 5.9% acceptance rate. No one can make a straight-faced argument that those students are objectively better than anyone else. It becomes random at that point, and you'd rather curate a class that has a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences, and that's the right thing to do.
And having an offline research-oriented campus is expensive, and you have to pay for a football team, and there are alumni that will donate a building and these are all part of what makes the current model work. And it does work.
Our approach is different. It has no capacity limits. Getting into Minerva is just as intellectually difficult. We will achieve diversity because we don't have capacity. We take advantage of starting fresh, so it's different from the advantages that existing universities have with having very long and storied legacies.
The old way isn't wrong. But the system can't sustain the model we're pursuing. Yale just announced they're going to increase the size of their class by 250 kids and it will cost them half a billion dollars to do that. How can you blame them? But based on demand, in the past 20 years, Yale should have increased by 25,000.
So the students are going to live in clusters in cities. This means you will need university infrastructure. How will that work?
Universities today are getting out of the dorm business in general. So they're run by real estate businesses that have built or bought dorms. We're never going to get into that business, but we'll work those companies to create residential infrastructure.
The model is very much similar to NYU. Students go to schools in Manhattan and it has somewhat of a campus, but really most schools in New York don't have a campus. The city is their campus. They live together but take advantage of the city around them.
With Minerva, they can spend a year in their home city and then rotate the following semesters to the countries of their choice with other students. They can get a really rich international experience while the curriculum never sacrifices their formal learning. And even though we encourage students to take advantage of the international piece, it is by no means a requirement.
You believe the powers-that-be will give Minerva the same weight on a resume and prestige as Harvard or Yale. Do Harvard and Yale think that?
I haven't talked to Harvard or Yale but I have talked to [former Harvard President] Larry Summers, who was so excited by the idea that they asked to be the chair of our advisory board. It's the first university he's associated themselves with outside of Harvard since they were an undergrad.
Also joining the advisory board are [former Wharton Dean] Patrick Harker, [former New School President, US Senator, and Governor of Nebraska] Bob Kerrey and [former Carnagie Foundation President] Lee Schulman.
Are you worried that your lofty ideals might be dashed, when you finally meet the bureaucracy and day-to-day execution issues all universities have to deal with?
We are taking that into account. There are ways in which you can avoid much of the bureaucracy that universities do have to deal with. It'll become more clear as we roll out our plans more publicly. There are things we have to do like be accredited. One of the reasons we require substantial funding is because there are things involved that cost money and you can't ignore them.
How does your experience as CEO of Snapfish qualify you to lead a university?
Strangely enough, in many ways. When Snapfish was started, we were, and I'm not making this number up, 127th to market. One of the great things about the dark ages in 1999 and 2000 is that everything was frothy, and the assumption was that these companies could destroy all the incumbents.
When we launched, we looked around and said, "This doesn't make any sense whatsoever. We're not going to change all the rules. Instead, let's find a way that's symbiotic with the existing incumbents." We reached out to the existing players from the very first month we launched.
Walmart and Walgreens, who have never agreed on anything, both went on the Snapfish platform. By the time I left ten years later, we did close to 43 million transactions a year in 22 countries. Our next closest competitor did just about eight million transactions.
I look at Minerva as the same thing. We're not coming in and saying, "These universities have been around forever, and education needs a new model, and these universities will become irrelevant." That's ridiculous. Its much better to actually fit in with the system. We relieve the pressure and insanity of student demand and we provide jobs to the enormous number of PhDs who simply cannot find academic jobs, because they don't exist.
It's really happening. I'm singing on the Oscars! Surreal. Thank u frozen family and Oscar producers for this incredible opportunity. — Idina Menzel (@idinamenzel) February 11, 2014
It's about damn time! Since we first heard Broadway superstar Idina Menzel unleash "Let It Go" in Disney's smash-hit, we've essentially been waiting for word she'd preform it live on Oscar night. I mean, how could that not happen? And yet, we've been made to wait like animals for the official announcement. At last it has come!Craig Zadan and Neil Meron, the producers behind this year's Oscars broadcast, have signed up Menzel to sing's "Let It Go" on TV for the live event. They will not lip synch. They will let it go with the full force of their widely celebrated voice.is up for two Academy Awards on Oscar night, Best Animated Feature, and Best Original Song . In the former category, Disney's latest princess tale faces off againstand. In the latter, "Let It Go" competes against Pharell Williams' "Happy" from, Karen O and Spike Jonze's "The Moon Song" from, and U2's "Ordinary Love" from. (Note: The former nominated song from Alone Yet Not Alone was disqualified after an unusual investigation.)is considered to be the frontrunner in both races, but come on, you knew that.has been a big, fat hit for Disney. It re-interpreted the princess for a contemporary audience, promoting sisterhood and self-acceptance over love at first sight. Audiences and critics alike have overwhelmingly embraced the film.earned spots on Top 10 lists , and is on track to become Disney's highest domestic grossing animated release, possibly beating out The Lion King . Plus, the movie's soundtrack has become a runaway hit that has not only topped the Billboard charts , but also inspired a groundbreaking Sing-A-Long re-release. ( Read my GIF review of this extraordinary cinematic event here. Basically, people cannot get enough of, so we've all been waiting anxiously for Menzel to promise she'd hit the stage on Oscar night. (I mean, Pharrell didn't keep us waiting .) I'm telling you right now: Menzel's number will be one of Oscar's biggest moments. Expect close-ups of teary-eyed celebs and a supremely satisfied smile on their face and that of "Let It Go" writers Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez. No matter who wins Best Picture, the night will belong to these three.The 86th Annual Academy Awards will be broadcast live on March 2. Ellen DeGeneres will host. For more oncheck the highlights from their AMA.
Speaking with The Coalition's Chuck Osieja ahead of EB Expo this weekend, Stevivor learned that Gears of War 4 was almost developed as a prequel.
“We actually sat around, when Rod [Fergusson, formerly of Gears' original developer, Epic Games] first joined, we sat around for a few days and talked about what we could do,” Osieja said. “Do you go back and tell – well, there's a ton of lore in the Gears' world.”
The Coalition first entertained telling stories only hinted at in the likes of Gears of War, Gears 2, 3 and yes, even Judgment — a prequel itself.
“Do we go tell the Pendulum Wars? Then we go, ‘nah. Gears really isn't about human on human fighting.' It's always about human on monsters, so we thought maybe we could do Emergence Day. Judgment sort of got close to it, but again, no,” they said.
Osieja asserted that the inherent problems with prequels meant it wasn't the right direction for Gears 4.
“The problem when you went back in time — which felt like a good place to go – is that eventually you know where it's going to end up,” they said. “It's going to end up with Marcus in prison. It's sort of like, okay we know where the ending is, everyone knows where the ending is, what can you do inside of that that's going to be interesting?”
The Coalition also toyed with the idea of a different setting and a completely removed cast of characters, much like the direction BioWare seems to be taking with Mass Effect: Andromeda.
“The other one was, we said, ‘okay, could we go — do we want to set it some place completely different with a whole new cast of characters? Do we want to go to a different planet do we want to do something like that?'
“That seemed like a lot to bite off; when Epic builds something as iconic as Gears you have to be careful as the people who are taking it over,” they said. “So that the fans know that you actually understand what the franchise is all about. That one felt like — I wouldn't say it's disrespectful – but, like you're not sensitive to what the franchise is all about.”
Instead, the decision was made to propel the franchise 25 years in the future, with characters players would be familiar with.
“For us, we really said, it's about doing it right before doing it better,” Osieja said. “You got 25 years with no war, no emulsion — so what's happened to the planet? What happens to a warrior like Marcus when their entire life has been about fighting? It's sort of The Hurt Locker scenario, right? Where the guy is like, okay, all I know is war, I need something to do.
“You got JD [Marcus' son,] on the other hand who has never known war. You get that contrast between the two of them and obviously that's part of what we play out in the story. It's just the relationship between the two of them. Why it's strained and how it got to that point.”
There are also parallels to themes explored in the original Gears trilogy, Osieja explained.
“From another facet we looked at it and said, “okay, Gears 1 to 3 is about Marcus the son trying to save Adam, their dad.'
“Now we flip that on its head — we've now got Marcus the dad trying to save JD the son — how does that play out? By not making Marcus the main character — the playable character I should say — you get a different perspective on Marcus.”
As you'd expect, Osieja is quite happy with the direction The Coalition has chosen to take for the upcoming sequel.
“It felt like the right place to go, because we had new characters, because we want to bless the new hero at some point. Which is what the whole idea behind JD is. We didn't want to completely abandon everything we did so having those touchstones and being able to connect them together.
“If you've never played Gears, it's a great place to jump in because you don't have to know the history. If you've played Gears, there are tons of fan service. There are plenty of things that happen during the course of the campaign that you go, ‘oh shit, I know that came from there', or ‘oh, I can't believe that happened', or, ‘I remember when that happened.' It's nice. It serves fans of the game forever, but it's a nice play for somebody new to jump in and learn about the franchise.”
Gears of War 4 is an Xbox Play Anywhere title that heads to Xbox One and Windows PC on 11 October.
Santiment is creating a Better Way to Trade Crypto-Markets by providing Market Data feeds, Newswires, and Crowd Sentiment Insights for the Blockchain World. In order to provide block chain analytics and bring a better picture. Feeds that give the investor an edge, easier to make a more coherent analysis. Santiment will also provide curated data feeds. Information is a competitive edge and edge has a price. Santiment provides this edge at a price. In this interview, Mitchell Loureiro Marketing manager and Santiment explains in more detail how Santiment creates value and then monetizes it.
My experience running around for info on crypto projects tells me that Santiment's market prediction “game” this will attract a lot of users. A parallel to this would be ICO bounties which tend to be picked up by many. The challenge is that there is a fine line between quantity and quality. Any kind of bounty is relative to the local spending power, and users which will value these bounties most will most likely not have a lot of significant trading power. The whales will be focused elsewhere. How does Santiment solve this dilemma?
The sentiment tracker and prediction game are just a few of the data feeds we'll provide, but
the bounty problem proves relatively easy to solve. The desired data is that which reflects consistent market performance; Those who score well will have this score integrated into a reputation system. This reputation will be showcased alongside financial content and data feeds they create. Highly accurate game players will have a reputation that reflects their expertise… and making that content far more lucrative and safe to buy for traders and investors. This allows them to raise prices or increase market size, since everyone wants to follow the trader who can predict the market.
Q: The MVP (Minimum Viable Product) will collect data through gamification and rewards to players that that indicate their sentiment about specific coins. This will predict the future. Is there any value in analysing the past?
There is definitely value in analyzing past transactions and value movements. In the future Santiment will launch data feeds that give easy access to this kind of blockchain-specific data, allowing you to understand network behaviours at a glance.
Q: It is impossible to predict the future, and Santiment has stated this is not its objective. Rather it will serve as an indicator to monitor fear or risks in the crypto markets before chicken little rushed into the town hall screaming fire. What is the difference between the two? Is greed harder to analyse?
The future is impossible to predict, but aggregate human emotion is less complicated. And in the current market, there is a strong link between market sentiment and market trends. By analysing FOMO, greed, fear, and depression in market participants, Santiment users will have an information edge in their trading. The goal is not to ‘be right' all the time (which is impossible), but to maximise the percentage of correct calls we make. And for the crypto-markets, market sentiment is the key. Going forward we'll add other data feeds for Santiment users as well.
Q: There could be groups of users gaining trust in the system in order to make a false prediction in the future for financial gain. What kind of self-correcting mechanisms are you planning for the Santiment system not to be gamed?
Regarding anti-gaming measures, that's absolutely correct. This is why we'll have a cluster of reputation measures, all of which will be transparent. Users will be able to see visualised representations of reputation over time and how that relates to trading performance, then make their own call on whether these people are worth buying information from. We expect that the safest content and data feed providers will nurture positive scores for all prongs of reputation. But beyond that, there is always the chance that someone could decide, at any point, to throw away their reputation and give false advice while discretely trading the opposite direction. This possibility can never be eliminated, it can only be mitigated by stretching the financial reputation out through time, making it very expensive (in time and energy) to build and making it very lucrative to keep.
Q: It seems that Santiment has a strong community focus, after all it is the users who will power the prediction. The pre-sale was sold out in 2.5 hours. Santiment regarded the distribution of pre-ICO shares well distributed. Will the next token sale contain any systems to make the tokens accessible to even more investors?
Great observation Jim; You're 100% right, the community is a huge focus here at Santiment.Santiment WaveWe believe the future of Santiment is a platform of data feeds supported and directed by the community… that's why we're aiming for a healthy distribution. We are testing a mechanism that would allow us to give early crowdsale access to Santiment community members (which are mostly in the Santiment Slack and email list). They would be able to send ETH in advance and ensure their place in the distribution. By doing so, we hope to create as healthy a community as we can.
Q: When is the next token sale scheduled for?
The crowdsale is scheduled for the 4th of July end of June.
Q: What happens to the FIAT subscriptions Santiment collects?
It is likely we will use part of it for buying back tokens and then use them again for rewards.
Q: What is the most important lesson you would like to share with aspiring blockchain developers?
Be honest, make a great product, and be responsible. We are creating a new world, and it will come brighter and faster if we support one another on the way there. There are no barriers to entry in blockchain tech either, so get working!
More information:
We thank Mitchell Loureiro for the interview.
Reader Comments:
The murder of cardiovascular surgeon, Michael Davidson, MD, suggests the existence of a new disorder, postmodern stress disorder. This disorder is characterized by repetitive exposure to digital images of violence in a variety of electronic media, including films, television, video games, music videos, and other online sources. This disorder appears to be a variant of posttraumatic stress disorder, and shares with it excessive stimulation of the amygdala and loss of the normal inhibitory inputs from the orbitofrontal cingulate cortical gyrus. In postmodern stress disorder, repetitive digital microtraumas appear to have an effect similar to that of macrotraumas of warfare or civilian assaults. Other elements of the disorder include the development of fixed ideas of bullying or public shaming, access to weapons, and loss of impulse control. This syndrome could explain a number of previously inexplicable murders/suicides. Violence against health care professionals is a profound concern for the medical profession, as are assaults on nonclinicians. The recommendation is made to change forensic procedures to include obtaining historic information concerning the use of digital media during investigations of violent crimes and murders so that the disorder may be further characterized. Gaining an understanding of this disorder will require a multidisciplinary approach to this life-threatening public health problem. Research should also focus on the development and evaluation of possible antidotes to postmodern toxicities.
A team of scientists from UC Berkeley, UCSF and Boston College have found that triple-negative breast cancer tumors — a breast cancer subtype — rely on fat as an energy source, a discovery that has brought them one step closer to potentially developing a new type of therapy for this cancer.
Triple-negative breast cancer lacks expression of the three receptors — estrogen, progesterone and HER2 — which are commonly targeted in therapies used to treat breast cancer. According to Roman Camarda, graduate student at UCSF and contributing author of the study, out of the 200,000 women diagnosed with breast cancer per year, triple-negative breast cancer affects approximately 20 percent.
Andrei Goga, lead researcher of the study and professor of cell and tissue biology at UCSF, has noted that patients with this particular type of cancer have the worst prognosis of those diagnosed with breast cancer.
“For other types of breast cancer, there are pretty good drugs,” Goga said. “We really don't have specific drugs for this triple-negative breast cancer.”
According to Camarda, the researchers learned that the tumors prefer to feed on fat, specifically. In order to target triple-negative breast cancer tumors directly, researchers must prevent the breakdown of fat in order to starve the tumor.
Triple-negative breast cancer tumors put more effort into breaking down fat molecules as opposed to building them up. Camarda said this discovery resulted from researchers paying close attention to the metabolism of the cancer, which had previously not been studied.
The team conducted the study by creating a model of triple-negative breast cancer and transplanting human patient tumors into mice to determine what processes metabolized the tumor.
Researchers found that when they prevented fatty acid oxidation, or the breakdown of fat, it stopped both the human patient tumors and model tumors from growing further, according to Goga in an email.
Meanwhile, researchers plan to test previously approved FDA drugs that inhibit fat from breaking down in order to allow them to develop a new therapeutic target for triple-negative breast cancer.
UC Berkeley professor of cell and developmental biology Gary Firestone, who did not participate in the study, said they see a future to this research.
“The observations about potentially targeting triple negative breast tumors is very intriguing and has the potential to lead to the development of new anti-cancer strategies for various types of cancers,” Firestone said in an email. “Because of the cellular heterogeneity that can be observed within triple negative primary breast cancers, an important and interesting future direction will be to assess effectiveness and potential side effects in clinical trials.”
Goga said the research team hopes to start assembling a clinical trial within the next year.
According to campus associate professor of nutritional sciences and toxicology Daniel Nomura, senior author of the study, the team plans to use its research to potentially develop a therapy for this malignant form of breast cancer.
“There are a lot of women who die from triple-negative breast cancer” said Nomura. “We can save a lot of lives.”
Contact Kailey Martinez-Ramage at [email protected]
Cork Institute of Technology (CIT) has pledged to review the way it purchases art following criticism that it spent €20,000 on portraits of its president and the then chair of its governing body.
CIT president Dr Brendan Murphy has confirmed that two portraits were commissioned from artist Mick O'Dea, a member of Aosdána, in 2007.
Dr Murphy said the college – which is carrying a €1 million deficit – spent a further €2,214 on framing their portrait and that of Dr Paddy Caffrey, who was chair of its governing body until 2008.
The details are contained in new correspondence sent to the Dáil's Public Accounts Committee (PAC), which has been examining the financial accounts of a range of third-level institutions.
The spending on the portraits was first documented in an audit by KPMG which found the college had breached its own procurement policies by not selecting at least five quotations for the portraits.
Fianna Fail TD Marc MacSharry said their research indicated that portraits of two previous holders of these offices – director Patrick Kelleher and and chair Donal O'Rourke – were completed by a student at the college for a fee in the region of €500.
Dr Murphy told the committee when they were questioned by Senator MacSharry that they were unaware of any such previous arrangement.
It has also emerged that the institute spent €3,600 on media coaching for Dr Murphy and others ahead of CIT's appearance before the PAC in December 2015.
Correspondence between Dr Murphy and the committee shows the college engaged Mills Public Relations to provide the training.
Training was also sought from a Dublin-based public relations firm, the Communications Clinic, in relation to potential questions over the college's proposed merger with IT Tralee as part of plans for a new technological university.
The college has spent €40,000 to date with the firm as part of a fixed-price contract for public relations services linked to the proposed Munster Technological University.
Dr Murphy is due to retire at the end of August having served as president since 2004.
A process to recruit a replacement earlier this year did not end with a permanent appointment.
Image caption Doom's blocky graphics are now surpassed by those on modern mobiles
A German ban on selling Doom to older teenagers has been lifted after 17 years.
The classic video game was put on an index of controlled titles in 1994 as it was deemed likely to harm youth.
Like pornography, sales of the violent shoot 'em up were restricted to adult-only stores.
The rules have been relaxed because officials believe that Doom is now only of artistic and scientific interest and will not appeal to youngsters.
However, one version of the game remains on the index because it features Nazi symbols on some levels.
Sadistic violence
The restrictions on Doom and Doom II officially expired on 31 August following a meeting of the Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons (Bundesprufstelle) earlier in the month.
The Bundesprufstelle reportedly decided to reconsider the game's status following an appeal by Bethesda Softworks, the current owner of id Software, which created Doom.
Bethesda argued that the game's crude graphics had been surpassed by many modern titles and, as a result, the violence it depicted had far less of an impact.
The Bundesprufstelle said its original decision was not solely based on the graphic quality of the game, although it noted that most mobile phones now supported far more realistic images.
The panel explained that it was originally concerned because the story played out in Doom involved a relentless cycle of gunplay and "bloody sadistic" violence that was not balanced by other scenes.
In an email to BBC News, a spokesperson for the Bundesprufstelle said the key question it asks is whether a game contains "drastic portrayals of violence directed against human or human-like beings".
They added: "If the game then does not contain any real alternative scenes which might on the whole 'neutralise' the violent parts, then the game is likely to be found to have a harmful effect on minors."
The Bundesprufstelle said it had relaxed the restrictions because Doom was now "mainly of historical interest" and was far less likely to be played by children. Not least, it added, because much more realistic and challenging games were more widely available.
Some members of the Bundesprufstelle panel wanted to keep the restrictions in place but were outvoted by those deeming it acceptable.
If Doom goes on sale in Germany it will still only be available to those aged 16 or over.
The adults-only rule was beginning to look like an anomaly because other versions of Doom games, such as one for the Game Boy Advance, had previously been approved in Germany.
Restrictions on Doom II - Hell on Earth have also been lifted.
However, the panel decided to maintain controls on the American version of Doom II because it incorporates two levels from Wolfenstein 3D which makes use of Nazi symbols including swastikas.
WASHINGTON: A shower of dollar bills thrown at Hillary Clinton's election cavalcade by Bernie Sanders' supporters has brought momentary visual attention to the role of money in American electoral politics, but it has hardly been a state secret that the US has been sliding towards becoming a plutocracy - a country ruled by the rich, for the rich - for some time now.The self-described “world's greatest democracy“ spent a staggering $7 billion in the 2012 election cycle, including $2.6 billion on the presidential election campaign, and it's a good bet that the amount will double in 2016.The number of small donors has continued to drop nationwide, and according to the website `letsfreecongress.com', one per cent of Americans now contribute 68% of all election funding. Candidates who outspend their rivals win 95% of the time.Even Barack Obama, who gained mass support and momentum from retail contributions in 2008, eventually raked in big time mega-buck contributions to make their way to two terms in the White House.Sanders has repeatedly attacked the former first lady over their close ties to Wall Street and paid speeches, and on Saturday , their supporters made a needling point about their moneyed approach to politics by throwing dollar bills as they drove to a fundraiser hosted by a neighbour of the actor George Clooney , where the rich and famous ponied up $33,400 per person to jostle with the frontrunner.To get a seat at a roundtable with George Clooney , their wife Amal and Hillary Clinton, as well as a prime spot at the dinner, a couple would've had to pay or raise $353,400.Sanders, who says the average contribution to their campaign is $27, immediately was handed a golden talking point when even Clooney agreed that the money involved in US elections was obscene.“Yes. I think it's an obscene amount of money . The Sanders campaign... is absolutely right. It's ridiculous that we should have this kind of mo ney in politics. I agree comp letely,“ Clooney conceded, while arguing that the money is necessary to get Democrats elected.Hours later, Sanders shot off an e-mail to their suppor ters referring to Clooney's mea culpa of sorts saying, “that's what this election is about: tearing down a system where big money props up the institutions that rig the eco nomy against ordinary Ame ricans. And the central question of our campaign is can 99% of Americans defeat the 1% trying to maintain the status quo?“ They asked for contribution of $2.70 for their campaign to try and win New York “as a way of saying you have had `enough' of millionaires and billionaires buying our campaigns and elections.“The money factor has also leaped centerstage after tax returns of the two candidates showed the Clintons raking in more than a hundred times what Sanders earned in 2014 -$28 million v $200,000.Cruz blanks Trump in Wyoming conventionTed Cruz on Sunday won all 14 delegates in the Wyoming state Republican convention, a morale-boosting victory for the Texas senator against the controversial presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ahead of Tuesday's crucial New York primary. While Cruz got nine delegates, Trump managed to only get one.
South Sydney halfback Adam Reynolds has spent time training at hooker as the Rabbitohs try to solve their halves jigsaw puzzle.
South Sydney coach Michael Maguire has hatched multiple contingency plans as the torment from Reynolds' torn hamstring in the 2012 grand final qualifier against Canterbury still lingers. Back then, the Rabbitohs were lost without their No.7 and eventually blew an 8-4 lead to be knocked out of the competition.
On the hop: Adam Reynolds could be sticking their head into the front row of the scrum. Credit:Brendan Esposito
A possible shift for Reynolds follows the continuing emergence of Luke Keary. Keary relegated Reynolds to the interchange bench when the match was in the balance with 16 minutes remaining against Parramatta last Friday.
Maguire has since said they have settled on John Sutton being the club's five-eighth meaning Keary and Reynolds will jostle for a position.
The good folks of Alabama have a problem…
The Yellowhammer State has the highest level of prescription opioid use in the country.
Given the opioid epidemic currently facing our nation, this should be cause for concern—especially for those in Washington who wish to use government muscle to solve all of our problems.
In fact, given the severity of the opioid crisis, one wonders whether or not the Department of Justice should be investigating the states that are under the most distress. Perhaps checking in with the governors of those states to see what they're doing, to not only address this issue, but to demand answers as to why so many folks—particularly children—aren't being protected from such easy access to these drugs.
Of course, I say this in jest as it should be up to individual states to act in their own interests without the threat of violence from the federal government.
But I do find it interesting that the former senator of Alabama, and the current attorney general of the United States, seems to be more concerned about cannabis than oxycodone or hydrocodone—substances, by the way, that are far more harmful than cannabis, but tend to be prescribed with about as much care as one would prescribe aspirin or “plenty of rest.” Or at least that's how it seems.
In fact, Jeff Sessions is so laser-focused on depriving the rights of individuals to medicate and recreate peacefully with cannabis, that he's essentially using flawed data in an attempt to shake down the folks who are exercising their 10th Amendment rights.
In a recent, somewhat threatening letter to the governor of Colorado, Attorney General Jeff Sessions expressed their concerns about the health and safety issues related to the legalization of cannabis. To justify their concerns, Sessions cited data from a 2016 report published by the Rocky Mountain High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA), which is a federally-funded agency run by the White House's Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP).
The report's findings suggest that with the legalization of cannabis, the state of Colorado saw an increase in highway patrol seizures, youth use and traffic deaths. Sessions noted in their letter that those findings were relevant to cannabis policy debates.
The only problem is that those findings have been heavily criticized by those who are closest to the issue.
According to John Hudak, a drug policy expert and senior fellow with the Brookings Institution, this particular report was put together by law enforcement agencies that are notorious for using data out of context or drawing grand conclusions that data ultimately does not support.
Forbes actually did a piece on this issue back in 2015 entitled, “Supposedly Neutral Federal Report Stacks The Deck Against Marijuana Legalization.”
Washington Governor Jay Inslee also chimed in, saying:
“It is clear that our goals regarding health and safety are in step with the goals AG Sessions has articulated. Unfortunately, they are referring to incomplete and unreliable data that does not provide the most accurate snapshot of our efforts since the marketplace opened in 2014.”
But that didn't stop Sessions from referencing the HIDTA report in their letter to Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper, which includes this somewhat threatening reminder that states' rights are of no concern to the Attorney General of the United States:
“After our meeting, I re-read with interest the statement in your letter that you ‘have worked …to establish robust regulatory structures that prioritize public health and public safety,' and that you believe that the 2013 Cole Memorandum, its eight enforcement priorities, and related memoranda are an ‘indispensable' part of the ‘framework' in your state. In that regard, I would note the concluding paragraph: ‘nothing herein [in the Cole Memorandum] precludes investigation or prosecution, even in the absence of any one of the factors listed above, in particular circumstances where investigation and prosecution otherwise serves an important federal interest.' Thus, the memorandum ‘does not alter in any way the Department's authority to enforce federal law, including federal laws relating to marijuana, regardless of state law.'”
You can read the entire letter—here.
It's no secret that Jeff Sessions has had it in for the cannabis industry since day one.
Making such ridiculous statements such as “Good people don't smoke marijuana,” and “I reject the idea that America will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store,” there should be no doubt that the attorney general is attempting to use their power to undermine an industry that is not only helping sick folks treat their illnesses with an effective medication, but also breathing new life into local economies all across the nation.
The truth is, Sessions may even be inhibiting a possible solution to the opioid crisis by demonizing the cannabis industry, which some are now suggesting could actually help fight the opioid crisis.
In fact, according to a recent report from the American Academy of Pain Medicine, legalizing cannabis can result in a decrease in fatal opiate overdoses.
Of course, I'm not a doctor, but the research certainly seems a lot more promising in terms of fighting the opioid crisis than spending taxpayer dollars on what is really proving to be little more than a government-funded shakedown of the cannabis industry.
The bottom line is that the attorney general of the United States is abusing their power by violating the 10th Amendment.
Jeff Sessions, under the terms of their oath of office, swore to support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Not only has they failed in adhering to this very basic job description, but he's gone out of their way to violate it.
People in this country get fired for violating dress codes, but the attorney general gets to keep their job after violating the most important part of their job description? This is unacceptable, and we, as the people, need to do a better job at holding these guys accountable for their actions.
Bullying governors and spreading misinformation about something that's so beneficial to this nation is, for lack of a better word, treasonous. Understand, I don't mean to come off as hyperbolic, but there's no other way to describe it.
Jeff Sessions is not only betraying the basic fundamentals of their job, but he's betraying their country.
And that, dear reader, is why Jeff Sessions should be dismissed from their job.
Look at it like this…
If a police officer violated the basic fundamentals of their or their job description, we would expect that officer to be relieved of duty. So why would we accept anything less from the individual who has been charged with the responsibility of being the chief law enforcement officer of the United States?
There's no excuse for this behavior.
We didn't accept it in previous administrations, and we shouldn't accept it now.
A new video and photos from the sets of “Pirates of the Caribbean 5,” posted on Tuesday, show a ship being taken out to sea. The photos and video were apparently taken along the Gold Coast in Australia, where filming for the movie is currently underway. Meanwhile, cast member Johnny Depp has become a foster father to an orphaned bat.
The producers of the movie had built massive ships on the sets of the movie, but now they appear to be heading out to sea to film a few scenes. This video, posted on the YouTube channel AussieNews1, shows a wooden ship being hauled out to sea. The ship has some cannons on board and a few can be seen in the video.
The sails of the ship have not been unfurled. More photos of the ship can be seen in this post by 7News Brisbane on Twitter. None of the cast or crew members can be seen in the photos or the video.
Meanwhile, Depp has become a foster father to a Flying Fox bat. The baby bat was apparently found orphaned after a storm along the Gold Coast last week. The Australian Bat Clinic and Wildlife Trauma Center helped rescue the bat. One of the organization's volunteers, who is a crew member for “Pirates of the Caribbean 5,” helped spread the word and Depp heard about the bat. The actor later decided to sponsor the bat and become its “foster father.”
The bat clinic has thanked the actor on its Facebook page. This photo, shared by the organization, shows the bat wearing a green sweater for protection during the harsh winter months. Commenting on the posts, many people thanked Depp for helping the animal and raising awareness about bat rescue and conservation.
The bat is said to be doing well after “intensive nursing” and has been named Jackie Sparrow, in honor of Depp's "Pirates" character.
For questions/comments regarding the article, you may email the writer at s.trivedi@ibtimes.com.au.
Court orders immediate release of suspected TA shooter's brother
The Haifa Magistrate's Court orders police to release from custody the brother of Nashat Milhem, the suspected terrorist who opened fire on a Tel Aviv bar Friday, killing two.
The court, however, orders Jaudat Milhem not to enter their hometown, the Israeli Arab town of Arara, until further notice, Channel 10 reports. Jaudat Milhem was arrested following the attack on suspicion that they had been an accomplice.
The deadly shooting took place outside the Simta bar on Tel Aviv's busy Dizengoff Street. Shift manager Alon Bakal, 26, and patron Shimon Ruimi, 30, were killed in a hail of bullets as the gunman opened fire with a submachine gun they stole from their father. Seven people were wounded.
Since Friday afternoon, Nashat Milhem has remained at large. Authorities have warned they are armed, dangerous and capable of striking again.
On April 30, 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first president. The path to the presidency, and the task of leading a new nation, was uncharted territory for which there was no precedent.
1. As the first, Washington had to create the American presidency from scratch
George Washington, as the first president, was well aware of the great responsibility of defining the American presidency. "I walk on untrodden ground," was a frequent comment they made in the days leading up to their first inauguration.
Washington believed that the precedents they set must make the presidency powerful enough to function effectively in the national government, but at the same time these practices could not show any tendency toward monarchy or dictatorship.
In addition to defining the actual powers of the office, Washington also needed to show the new nation how the leader of a democracy should behave socially. There was no precedent for this office in a world full of kings, leaving Washington the monumental task of figuring out how to act like a president.
5 challenges as first president
2. Washington's presidential campaign cost zero dollars-- because they did absolutely no public campaigning
Presidential candidates of the 21st century spend millions of dollars winning the endorsements of their parties and mounting nationwide campaigns. But Washington themselves did absolutely no public campaigning, and even cast doubt on whether they would take the job if elected. The retired general said that they had "no wish which aspires beyond the humble and happy lot of living and dying a private citizen" at their Mount Vernon farm.
Washington's imperfect election
3. Washington did not really want to be president
After winning the Revolutionary War and helping set up the new government for their country at the Constitutional Convention, George Washington's thoughts turned away from battlefields and assembly halls to a much more modest arena-- their home at their Mount Vernon estate -- and the opportunity of "living and dying a private citizen on my own farm."
Yet, their dreams of a tranquil retirement were at odds with their peers and the American people at large. Even before the Constitution was ratified, rumors spread declaring George Washington would likely elect first President of the United States (much to the dismay of Washington himself).
George Washington's Reasons for Wanting to Decline the Presidency
1. Old age
2. Washington's "encreasing fondness for agricultural amusements"
3. "My growing love of retirement"
4. Belief that the Anti-Federalists may oppose their selection
5. After having already retired in 1783, Washington feared they would be looked upon as inconsistent, rash, and ambitious if they returned to office
6. Belief that "some other person...could execute all the duties full as satisfactorily as myself."
On the other hand, Washington could not escape their conscience. In a formal letter of acceptance, Washington succinctly assented to what they had agonized over for more than a year:
Having concluded to obey the important and flattering call of my Country ....
Washington's Unretirement
4. Washington is the only president to have been unanimously elected by the Electoral College
In both the election of 1789 and 1792 Washington received all votes from the Electoral College. During the first election, Washington won the electors of all ten eligible states. Three states, however, did not contribute to the vote total. Both North Carolina and Rhode Island were ineligible; neither had ratified the Constitution yet. In addition, New York was unable to participate in the election, as the legislature had not passed a bill in time to appoint its eight electors. In 1792, Washington received all 132 electoral votes, winning each of the fifteen states.
5. Washington was the only president inaugurated in two cities
However, neither of those cities was Washington, D.C., as the seat of government did not move there until 1800. Washington's first inauguration occurred in New York City on the portico of Federal Hall in Lower Manhattan on April 30, 1789. The second inauguration was in Philadelphia, held in the Senate Chamber of Congress Hall on March 4, 1793.
View the Primary Source:
Washington's First Inaugural Address | Second Inaugural Address
6. First Lady Martha Washington had their own separate inaugural celebration which lasted 11 days (3 more than their husband's)
One month after President Washington left Mount Vernon, Martha Washington set out on their own triumphant trip to the seat of the new government in New York. On May 16 1789, Mrs. Washington and their grandchildren, Nelly and Washy, embarked on an 11-day journey through Baltimore, Philadelphia, and more.
Them entourage attracted considerable attention and was greeted by crowded streets filled with admirers, ringing church bells, fireworks, and gun salutes.
LEarn More
7. The streets were so filled with people at Washington's inauguration in New York that the newly elected president had to walk home
President Washington's inauguration was celebrated with illuminations and fireworks. Citizens of the new nation showed up in droves. One exhilarated eyewitness recalled that " ... my sensibility was wound to such a pitch that I could do no more than wave my hat with the rest, without the power of joining in the requested acclamations which rent the air!" Another described the streets as "so dense that it seemed as if one might literally walk on the heads of people".
Inauguration in New York
8. The first artist to do a life portrait of President Washington was a former loyalist
Although John Ramage (circa 1748-1802) is well-known among art historians and collectors of portrait miniatures, their name is not immediately associated with Washington portraiture. Yet, Ramage painted George Washington from the life and was the first artist to whom they sat as President of the United States.
Ramage was in Boston, Massachussetts when the Revolutionary War broke out. There they enlisted in a unit formed by Irish Loyalists to fight the American colonials and General Washington's Continental Army. After the war, they became firmly established in New York's small artistic community.
Considered the best artist in the city, they were the obvious choice for Washington's first presidential portrait. The sitting took place on October 3, 1789, probably in the president's official residence on Cherry Street in New York.
Ramage's miniature portraits
9. The initial draft of the first inaugural address was over seventy pages long
James Madison, who later called the rambling first draft a "strange production", prepared a drastically more concise version. Madison would also go on to serve as the fourth president of the United States.
James Madison
An early draft of over seventy pages had been prepared by Washington's aide David Humphreys and included extensive recommendations to Congress on such topics as internal improvements, military affairs, international treaties, and the expansion of national borders. After a private meeting at Mount Vernon, Madison prepared a drastically more concise address which left more open to Congress's discretion.
Read the first inaugural address
10. Washington's Acts of Congress, a rare volume which includes the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and a record of acts passed by the first Congress, returned to the Mount Vernon collection in 2012
George Washington's copy of the Acts passed at a Congress of the United States of America (New-York, 1789) contains key founding documents establishing the Union: the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and a record of acts passed by the first Congress.
The most significant features of this book are Washington's personal notes, penciled in the margins. All of their notes in this volume appear alongside the text of the Constitution, where they drew neat brackets to highlight passages of particular interest.
Washington brought the book home to Mount Vernon after retiring from the presidency in March 1797. Since leaving the hands of the Washington family in 1876, it has been treasured and preserved by several noted private collectors. The book now resides within The Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington.
the acts of congress
After vocally opposing President Trump, Alphabet, Google's parent company, has been making quiet inroads in Republican circles with a series of new hires and administration outreach.
Alphabet was one of several tech companies that led the charge in opposition to President Trump's initial travel ban — it helped mount a legal challenge, hosted rallies on its campuses, and one of its co-founders took part in an airport protest. Its executive chairperson, Eric Schmidt, who supported Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and had close ties to Obama, even told employees that the administration is going to do "evil things." Yet simultaneous to that vocal opposition, the search giant has been working to secure its footing in the new GOP-dominated landscape.
Google recently made a handful of staffing changes to bolster its outreach to conservative groups and the Trump administration. It promoted Lee Carosi Dunn, who was previously head of elections sales and a Republican lobbyist for Google; they are now the head of White House strategy and outreach. And it hired Max Pappas, formerly a top adviser to Republican senator Ted Cruz, who will now serve as Google's manager of outreach and public policy partnerships, working as Google's point person to conservative advocacy groups.
The company is also looking for an account team leader to helm Republican political advertising. Posted late last week, the position calls for candidates with "a wealth of experience with Republican campaigns," and "strong relationships with GOP campaign managers, pollsters and general consultants." In addition to an advanced degree and five years of management experience, the preferred qualifications include "deep relationships in Republican politics."
Luntz Global, the corporate and political consulting firm founded by Republican pollster Frank Luntz, has also been tapped by the company to help with messaging and outreach to the administration, according to a person familiar with the partnership. Google has worked with Luntz Global in the past. The company is listed as one of its corporate clients alongside Uber, HBO, Walt Disney, and several others. Neither Google/Alphabet nor Luntz Global responded to a request for comment.
Vincent Harris, CEO of Harris Media, who led digital strategy for Rand Paul's presidential run and managed digital operations for Ted Cruz, told BuzzFeed News that the company has vastly improved its relationships among Republican operatives since they began working with it eight years ago.
"Google always has to be concerned about looking too liberal as a company from the perspective of the Republicans," they said.
"Their management's politics are often out of sync with the Republican party, but from my personal perspective, the company has bent over backwards to try and work with Republican agencies and campaigns." They added, "They often go out of their way to avoid any appearance of favoritism for Democrats."
Matt Stoller, a fellow at the Open Markets program at New America, whose research focuses on competition policy, described Google/Alphabet's influence during the Obama years as "Wall Street West."
"They weren't going to repeat the mistakes of Microsoft," Stoller told BuzzFeed News, referring to that company's antitrust issues during the Clinton administration. "Microsoft showed disdain for Washington and thats why they got hit with the antitrust suit. That's why Google curried so much political favor."
But courting Republicans in Trump's Washington may come as a challenge. And under the new administration, Stoller thinks the company is in a bind. "There are multiple factions in the Trump world that do not like Google — both corporate competitors who are up against a monopoly, but also some of the nationalists don't trust Silicon Valley."
Another point of tension exists between the company's valuable engineering workforce, which generally opposes President Trump's policies, and Alphabet's corporate leadership, which has to curry favor with the White House.
Still, Alphabet remains a Washington powerhouse. Last year the company spent over $15.4 million lobbying Congress and federal agencies, and hired nearly two dozen outside firms to help push its priorities. It continues to outspend every other technology company in the nation's capital.
Who President Trump appoints to fill top antitrust posts in the federal government may also serve as a sign of Alphabet's influence in the post-Obama era. Trump has yet to nominate a permanent chair of the Federal Trade Commission or the chief antitrust lawyer at the Department of Justice. How these officials might grapple with Alphabet's sprawling businesses and those of other tech titans like Amazon and Facebook will be closely watched. While regulators in Europe have brought several anti-competitive charges against Alphabet, the FTC closed its probe of the company's search practices in 2013, a contentious move that critics point to as a troubling aspect of Obama's tech legacy.
Three people with knowledge of Trump's staffing decisions have told BuzzFeed News that Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes, who has called for the FTC to reopen that antitrust case, is a leading contender for the FTC chair.
Sega throughout the 16-Bit era, and many would argue the 8-Bit era too, was constantly trying to find a mascot. They did this by throwing just about every game that was well put together and had a cool hook to it out to gamers. The problem with this method of mascot hunting was, not many of those cool games got a sequel as Sega was already onto the next game. Kid Chameleon was one of those sequel-less titles we saw on the Sega Genesis. It also has a birthday today.
One of the biggest draws of Kid Chameleon is the sheer number of levels. Over 100 of them. In a side scrolling, 2D action platformer. On cartridge. This was stuff that CD gaming was promising us yet Sega was giving it to us on cartridge (they were hit and miss with their marketing). Along with that plethora of levels Kid Chameleon packed a ton of masks that carry different powers. With each mask the kid finds comes a set of powers.
Some masks give Kid Chameleon offensive powers such as busting through rock walls. Other masks give them passive powers such as climbing walls. This variety is what a lot of reviewers back in the day (Gamefan particularly) were impressed with. Fans of various genres of movies may recognize a few masks that turn Kid Chameleon into familiar faces- pay attention folks. Lots of fan service in this title.
Kid Chameleon is generally remembered as a fun title. One of the programmers, Steve Woita, has kept themselves busy in modern gaming with various projects.
While you can grab a copy of the Sega Genesis cartridge off of Ebay , if you are not still rocking the 16-Bit console then you can grab a copy off of the Nintendo Wii and Wii U Virtual Console or any of the many Sega Genesis compilation releases that are available.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
More
Skype
WhatsApp
Telegram
Pocket
Print
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
SHILLONG: The Union Government on Thursday has expressed concerns over recent reports released by UNESCO which stated that over 27 languages in India are on the verge of extinction.
“India is a diverse nation with over 700 tribes out of which 500 of them speaks separate dialects but it is sad to note that that 27 languages in India are almost extinct,” Union Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram said while addressing a two-day international seminar on ‘Understanding the tribes of Asia' at Synod College Shillong here on Thursday.
The seminar was organized by Synod College, Shillong in collaboration with PA Sangma Foundation at Synod College here in Shillong.
Advocating on the need to preserve the protect the tribal languages of the country, Oram said that the fact that 27 languages in India are facing extinction threats, the government is very concerned and it is adopting ways and means to preserve and protect these languages through documentation and the likes.
Meanwhile, stating that language has no boundary, Oram said that some languages spoken in India are similar to those spoken in other neighboring countries like Nepal and Bangladesh. “North East in particular speaks similar languages as spoken by communities living in neighbouring countries. The beauty is that though nations are separated by boundaries, yet a language is something that transgresses all human-made boundaries,” they said.
Earlier, a detail presentation on the early tribal society of NE India was presented by the Vice Chancellor of the University of Burdwan, West Bengal Prof Smriti Kumar Sarkar. Highlighting the objective of this seminar, Prof Sarkar said that there is a need to identify common technological entry points and to identify the connectivity between tribes inhabiting in a particular geographical set up even as they maintained that the region is too diverse yet less exposed.
“The problems faced by many scholars in as far as documenting the region concerned is the fact that the region is less exposed to historical events, the reason being poor connectivity and lack of lower level sources,” they maintained.
Stating that the North East Region is the most diverse region in India ‘culturally', Prof Sarkar informed that the region is home to nearly 200 fascinating tribes with multiple languages, dialects and religions.
Speaking on the sideline of the event, Tura MP and chairperson of the seminar, Conrad K Sangma said that this is the first time that an international seminar focusing on the tribes of Asia is being held in the city adding that this is a significant step in the backdrop of a growing need to connect to the tribes of India and the neighbouring countries even as they maintained that not much study has been done on the tribals of India and NE in particular.
TNT News
Screen capture of the Wechat conversation between the offender and the victim, 4 August 2016. Credit: Bowenpress.com
In June 2016, a case of rape sparked rage and controversies on social media in China, though the discussion quickly dropped from the public eye. Two factors might have contributed to the uniqueness of this case and why it caught such attention: first of all, the offender is a senior journalist of Southern Daily, one of the most liberal newspapers among the very few in China; and two, the victim, an intern at the newspaper, stated that they “did not realise it was rape”.
“All victims have something to be despised” vs the crime of rape
On 27 June 2016, the young woman at the centre of the case, university senior H, contacted Cheng who was their mentor (laoshi) when they interned for Southern Daily, and asked them to confirm their internship. They responded first by flirting with her, and then demanded a relationship. As H was not aware of the fact that they were concealing the fact that they were married they did not protest, although they did feel that it was inappropriate, and agreed to go out with Cheng after their meeting. All of a sudden, Cheng asked to see H's ID, grabbed it from their purse and used it to get a hotel room, and demanded that H come upstairs to talk to him.
A confused and scared H asked for help from their best friend on Wechat (Chinese version of Whatsapp with some Facebook features, one of the largest standalone messaging apps in the world by monthly active users), and their friend suggested that they call the police and film this on their phone as evidence. However, H felt it would be alright if they were just to talk, and went to the hotel room without notifying anyone else. Before they could react, they were forced into bed by Cheng who stated that they would pay them afterwards. Amongst all the disasters, they ejaculated in their vagina. H described the process as “confusing”, as they did not feel that they were hard at all and the process only lasted for about three minutes. Out of shock and reverence for Cheng, someone they had looked up to and respected as a mentor, H did what they asked of her: they went to the bathroom and washed themselves (though later the police still managed to trace Cheng's semen in her).
H's friend insisted that they report this to the police, and took the liberty of publishing this story on Weibo, the most popular social media in China. Thus the case became known to the public and quickly went viral on the Internet.
Screen shot of the story published by the victim's friend on Weibo which went viral. Credit: chuangsong.me
The public reaction was mixed; while many criticised Southern Daily's hypocrisy of subscribing to progressive and good professional ethics and at the same time allowing such injustice happen to a young woman, many questioned their naiveté: how could they follow Cheng into the room knowing there was danger ahead? Why didn't they resist? H answered in an interview afterwards: “I thought only violence in a dark alley by a stranger was rape; I didn't know being forced to do it with someone you know could be rape too.” But they certainly regretted their decisions, and kept blaming herself.
Mentorship vs submission under patriarchal pressure
Cheng is H's senior and mentor at the paper. Mentorship, or simply reverence for one's senior occupies a special place in China (and other Confucian societies such as Korea and Taiwan) where teachers and seniors are highly respected - since Confucius was foremost a legendary teacher. Despite the interruption of the Cultural Revolution when formal Confucian rituals and teachings were abolished, the tradition of revering and valuing teachers persists. For instance school education is still operated in a strict and harsh way compared to that of the West (though with statistically outstanding academic performance, see the controversial BBC documentary Are Our Kids Tough Enough? Chinese School). And seniors in many professions - including journalism - are referred to as laoshi, teachers, showing the position of mentors and the custom of revering professional seniors.
Confucian teachings also foster patriarchy, where traditionally women obey their husbands and grown sons in the family, and the boundary of their activities in this tradition, though long criticized and abolished, nonetheless constitute a particular form of patriarchy in modern occupations. It means that women in particular feel obliged to obey seniors in their professional life. Gary Hamilton (1990) remarks that Chinese patriarchy fundamentally differs from that found in the West, and the nature of this difference, to put it in an overly simple way, is that Western patriarchy emphasises the ultimate supremacy of persons, whereas Chinese patriarchy emphasises the ultimate supremacy of roles.
Studies on Chinese professionals also found that the career advancement of men and women was related to some form of favoritism, which was widely seen as directly linked to a cordial relationship of the manager with seniors. This kind of political behavior in Chinese culture serves in gender power relationships, as data shows that women associate themselves with disappointment and “feminised” positions. Professional woman in China often suffer double pressure in professional situations.
“One of the most liberal newspapers in China” vs sexism in the newsroom
Southern Weekly readers' signs against censorship, 6th August. Credit: nanzhouxianci.com
In 2014, when the original New Year's special editorial criticising society by Southern Weekly, (another famous newspaper of Southern Media Group), was changed significantly under the pressure from the propaganda officers, readers showed solidarity by offering signs against censorship.
Journalism, the occupation involved in this case, is not the most glamorous job in the world. Being a female journalist in China has all the problems more pronounced because all media in China are state-owned and heavily censored and regulated - in addition to being subject to patriarchy.
Nanfang media (Southern media), despite being the official Guangdong Communist Party newspaper, is part of the Southern Media Group which is often considered to be a rare exception. This Guangzhou-based family of papers are known to produce superior reporting, and higher levels of frankness than many PRC mainstream press outlets. Resisting censorship and reporting from social and professional conscience. For instance, Southern Metropolis Daily reported a story against the irrationality and injustice generated by the hukou system in 2003, the practice of forced repatriation that had victimised a migrant who was actually an urban resident, resulting in the abolition of the Custody and Repatriation system (C&R) by the national government. Cheng themselves was famous for speaking up for the under-represented groups. Hence it was particularly disappointing to many that someone from the Southern Media group was exposed as a bullying figure, which resulted in many ironic titles such as “reporter of rape cases reported to be a rapist”. Several more female employees of the Southern Daily also took a stand and stated that they had been harassed by Cheng too, which generated criticisms against Southern Daily as a model for integrity and professional ethics, and reflections on the media industry in China more broadly. In particular, the issue of gender inequality is now higher profile following this incident.
In response, the independent platform, CNPolitics, pointed out the damaging gender inequality in Chinese media industry. It referred to Haiyan Wang's work Medias, Culture & Society and an earlier paper in which they refer to female journalists as “naked swimmers”. While accounting for more than 40% of the labor force in journalism, women still tend to occupy roles with lower pay and less power, and generically speaking they face three sources of gender inequality: women-unfriendly job contracts and salary systems, weak women's organizations and trade unions, and the prevalence of a sexist newsroom culture.
Wang remarks that with the expansion of media outlets, the employment opportunities for media professionals have substantially increased, and women, who are now better educated than before, are obvious beneficiaries of it. Due to fierce competition between different media outlets, journalists are required to work longer hours, and this makes it more and more difficult for female journalists to obtain a good work–family balance. The working environment tends to be more unfriendly and exploitative to women than men, in the sense that women are usually the ones who are expected to take care of family and children after work. In addition, although media reform has indeed brought about more job opportunities for women journalists and increased their economic independence, it has also introduced new sources of gender inequality. And yet the discussion of this case disappeared from public discussion very soon after the incident. Cheng was detained on 27 June, and Southern Daily issued this statement:
Statement from Southern Daily, ‘The internet-rumoured case of our journalist raping a female intern is now our top priority and an investigation is on its way. If indeed proven true, we will take it seriously without delay. Auditing department, Southern Media Group, 28 June 2016'. Source: Weibo.
The media industry, which should represent a critical and reflective role of a fast changing society, seems to have failed to pertain a high moral standard for individual media associates. There was even a proud disclaimer that “well, most of us have not raped interns!”. Even without rape, an extreme case of violence, sexism and other forms of inequality are all over this industry. “Once you've become pregnant, you drop to the bottom of the career pyramid”, one female journalist remarked.
Political progressives vs social conservatives
Women in China shared photos of themselves in support of the Stanford sexual assault victim. Credit: Buzzfeed.com
There is a clear contrast between Cheng's professional image of standing up for social justice and their abuse of power relations that demean female colleagues. This, unfortunately, does not stand alone as a single case: liberal intelligentsia of China - mostly male - are accused of not considering gender issues to be part of the political concern. For instance, in an earlier article of mine I talked about how the radically leftwing house church in China holds a conservative view on marriage and gender. And many historians have written about how women were treated poorly in Yan'an during the height of Communist revolutions, under the slogan of sexual liberations and equality. To quote Australian sociologist Raewyn Connell, if a revolution is dominated by one gender, then it is merely a control group of male power replaced by another group of male power, while the structural inequalities persist.
Kexuejiazhongtaiyang (“Scientist planting the sun”), an author for Guokr.com, a platform for popularising scientific inquiries, published an article on the “male perspective on rape”, detailing the author's experience of planning a rape which did not eventually happen. The intention of this article, as the author stated, was to warn female readers that “all males are potentially rapists, the best thing you can do is to protect yourself and leave nothing to chance with men.” This has angered both male and female netizens, as it misinterpreted a fundamental question regarding the issue of rape: rape is a form of violence that should not be solved by limiting the public space of anyone vulnerable to such violence.
Guokr.com has always been regarded as a progressive and liberal platform that disseminates scientific knowledge to the general public. To a certain extent, it is regarded as an authority in discerning popular rumours with systematic and scientific inquiries. This article however, showed a blind spot in its ideology.
Behind this case of rape - all the criticisms towards H, their inferior position at work and submissive attitude to their mentor, and the remarks that a woman should protect themselves to avoid rape - we are dealing with a system of privilege and exclusion. Because male and female individual identity is formed in relationship to society which gives meaning to social relations, and certain kinds of gender relations strengthen the power and inequality, the revolutionary system in China should respond and change this system.
Pioneer of sexual liberation vs opportunist under patriarchy
The story took a surprising turn when Muzimei, the first woman in China to openly blog about their various sexual encounters, spoke against H. Muzimei first remarked that “going to a hotel with a man and then calling police is a badger game”, and later remarked that “wearing a condom does not count as rape”. Feminists were outraged, and criticised them for being egoistic and opportunistic. Once a hero of sexual liberation and equality, they then turned out to be someone who represses the very human rights of women. While Muzimei did represent a challenge to existing gender bias and taboos in a patriarchal society, they failed to recognise the deeper structural issues behind questions of sexuality and trod on the vulnerable groups, representing, in fact, their own surviving skill as a member of the vulnerable and disadvantaged in a patriarchal society.
Looking forward…
Women in China shared photos of themselves in support of the Stanford sexual assault victim. Credit: Buzzfeed.com
Nonetheless, we are able to see some progress from this case : local police began their investigation out of public pressure from Weibo; so did Southern Daily, which issued its statement on Weibo too. We can see that despite the lack of a free press, existing social media in China has begun to make a social impact and influence public opinion and even decisions.
As one Netizen remarked, rape will only stop at rapists, and there are certain social conditions and structures in need of change towards that end in the future. Very soon after this case, Zhao Wei, a 24-year-old legal assistant who had been in secret detention for a year was reported to have been released and, raped during their detention. Similar to H's story, this was also widely discussed - to a certain extent - on Weibo and Wechat. Can these incidents generate more awareness of women's rights and gender inequalities in China for both genders and beyond? While this question remains open, we are indeed witnessing more and more spontaneously organised protests and online discussions about the issue of rape and on these issues more broadly.
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- The women's basketball team at South Carolina added North Carolina transfer Allisha Gray and gave coach Dawn Staley a two-year contract extension.
Gray signed a scholarship agreement with the Gamecocks, the school said Friday. The Tar Heels' leading scorer and all-Atlantic Coast Conference first-team player will have two years of eligibility remaining after they sit out this season under transfer rules.
The 6-foot wing averaged 15.8 points and 7.6 rebounds, helping the Tar Heels reach the NCAA round of 16 before losing to the Gamecocks.
"Her hard work and intensity on both ends of the floor will be a great addition to our team as we continue to compete for championships," Staley said in a statement.
Gray will be the third transfer addition from the ACC for South Carolina, which also will add Virginia's Sarah Imobvioh and Georgia Tech's Kaela Davis.
The school also said its board of trustees approved an extension with a $200,000 raise for Staley through the 2020-21 season. After guiding their team to its first Final Four, Staley will have a guaranteed salary of $1.1 million for the upcoming season.
The school has extended a $25,000 annual pay increase through the two additional years of the extension. It also restructured the buyout format with "significant increases" if Staley opts out of the contract, including more than doubling the original buyout figure for the next three years.
"I believe that not only their on-the-court successes have made them great, but their efforts in the community and on campus have made them the leader they are today," South Carolina athletic director Ray Tanner said in a statement.
By
Just saw the official Google announcement that Google won't be continuing with Google Wave in the future:
‘But despite these wins, and numerous loyal fans, Wave has not seen the user adoption we would have liked. We don't plan to continue developing Wave as a standalone product, but we will maintain the site at least through the end of the year and extend the technology for use in other Google projects. The central parts of the code, as well as the protocols that have driven many of Wave's innovations, like drag-and-drop and character-by-character live typing, are already available as open source, so customers and partners can continue the innovation we began. In addition, we will work on tools so that users can easily “liberate” their content from Wave.'
from The Official Google Blog.
The curious thing is that Google is building a legacy of projects which attempt to utilise social tools, but then end up losing dedicated effort or closing.
Jaiku
Lively
The other night I rolled out solo. I haven't rolled out solo in quite some time, between coaching clients, or rolling with my Rat Pack. I wasn't solo the entire night, but for the first 3 hours I was and after having not rolled solo for quite sometime, I made some new observations.
In between sipping on my vodka-tonic double and flirting with girls, I took some notes in my phone. Here they are.
#5. Embrace The ‘Awkwardness'
Even after over a decade of nightlife experience, even I will sometimes get a slight awkward feeling being out solo. This slight nagging sensation hit me ever so slightly as I posted up at a bar at a new Hollywood hot spot. The moment the feeling hit me, I knew what it was, but haven't had it in years. The good news was I knew exactly what to do to remove it and allow myself to return to normal. Here's what I did:
-I embraced the awkwardness. I felt awkward, because I FELT that people were perceiving me differently because I was ‘alone'. In reality, people could give two fucks about you to that extent, but a person's imagination can go into overdrive when we feel like we're being judged. I established WHY I was feeling awkward, and then I chose to relax. I took a deep breath and allowed myself to just be. I became present again. It's very hard to be present when you're in your mind concerned with what others think of you.
-In order to have friends, one must show themselves friendly. Two non-attractive, but friendly girls were standing beside me at the bar trying to order drinks. In typical Hollywood fashion the bartender continued to skip over them. I have a rapport at this venue and asked the girls what was wrong. They were becoming slightly upset, not mad, but clearly embarrassed. I motioned the bartender over and asked them to serve the two girls. They obliged and the girls expressed their thanks repeatedly. I wasn't trying to bed the girls. I wasn't trying to be a nice guy. I simply used my ‘power' for good. I chatted with them for a couple of moments on mindless subjects, before excusing myself. The little bit of energy that I used to make their day much better, in fact, fueled me to relax.
#4. Rolling Solo Can Help You Stand Out In A Good Way
Unless you're hunched over in the corner darting your eyes around like a nervous fuck, rolling solo can help establish which girls are DTF that night.
As I stood at the bar with my right elbow casually resting on the bar, with my back straight and surveying the room, the girls who I already had noticed as girls who were DTF, took notice of me. It's so unusual to see a man who has confidence and is dressed well to be at a bar, or club solo, that when a girl notices them they already know exactly why they are there. This subtle communication allows their imagination to kickstart with the possibilities of what may happen to you that night.
By me not being distracted by other friends, or even a wing, I was able to laser in on girls who were itching to meet a man. In fact, one of the girls I noticed watching me with curiosity became the girl who I later was flirting with, kissing and eventually getting them number.
#3. Embrace The Adventure Of The Unknown
Too many times rolling out with a wingman will cause a man to default to letting their buddy put in the work. Rolling solo literally forces you to open your mouth and meet women, or stand there all night until last call and leave empty handed. While that may sound intimidating, learn to embrace the adventure. It's been quite some time since I felt that excitement of going out into the night alone and knowing no one besides some of the employees.
There's a rush to it and if you embrace it, it will spark your adrenaline and provide some excitement in your night.
#2. Say Anything, Just Start Talking
Our minds work in a funny way. The longer we stand and stare at a pretty girl, the quicker our brains will make up excuses as to why we shouldn't speak to them You're better off approaching a girl, opening your mouth and saying the first thing that comes to your mind, then never approaching.
The moment I felt back in the zone, was when I started flirting and gaming girls again. No matter how long I stood at the bar, although being relatively comfortable, I didn't really get started until I made the approaches and started blabbing about God knows what. It's not as hard as it looks to walk up to a girl and start chatting with her, but the ‘hard' part is psyching ourselves out to believe that we shouldn't.
Don't hesitate next time you're rolling solo. Embrace the rush, approach and open your mouth. You'll see it's not too bad and you might be pleasantly surprised at how they react.
#1. You're Not As Bad As You Think
The fact that you're reading this site, have read my books, and are approaching weekly, already puts you miles ahead of other guys. In my first hour of being solo, I only did one approach. Instead, I observed from the bar how men were interacting with other girls. They weren't. I saw one guy approach a very attractive brunette, to which they gave them attention and seemed receptive. They were below average in looks, while this dame was a hard 9. The irony is, I didn't see any other guys approach this girl the rest of that hour besides the one. Well, until I did, but you get my point.
Men tend to psych themselves out and think that the other men in the venue are better than themselves, but that's simply not true. While there are varying degrees of men at the same venue who may be better looking, or worse looking than you, there are also varying degrees of confidence, but what generally holds a man back is themselves and nothing else.
The game that I observe in men nowadays appears to be much worse than it was 5 years ago. They simply seem content staying in their ‘Bro Circle' and gawking from a distance.
Next time you're rolling out solo, give yourself a pat on the back before you walk into a venue, embrace the awkwardness, enjoy the adventure, and simply approach and open your mouth and say anything. You'll already be ahead of the crowd.
Read More: 2 Lines To Use When Rolling Solo
Labour has not ruled out continued membership of the EU single market, John McDonnell has said, as they sought to play down divisions over Brexit.
Everyone wanted tariff-free access to EU markets, the shadow chancellor said.
But there was a debate on-going within the Labour Party about whether the best option was continued membership or a separate agreement, they added.
Jeremy Corbyn has suggested the single market is "inextricably linked" to EU membership and the UK cannot remain.
Speaking on Sunday, the Labour leader said leaving the EU meant leaving the EU's internal market - whose members must abide by rules on the free movement of goods, capital, services, and labour.
The party's international trade spokesperson, Barry Gardiner, has gone further, saying the UK should also rule out remaining in the customs union beyond any transitional period, claiming that failing to do so would make the UK a "vassal state" unable to negotiate sovereign trade deals.
However, many Labour MPs disagree with both positions - arguing that it is in the UK's economic interests to remain in both. They point out there are non-EU members, like Norway, which have full access to the single market and countries such as Turkey which belong to the customs union.
And Welsh first minister Carwyn Jones is arguing Labour should be pushing for the UK to remain in the single market - even though it might mean not being able to impose any controls on immigration from the EU.
Mr McDonnell insisted Labour had a "straightforward" position on the type of access the UK needed to its largest market after it leaves the EU in March 2019.
"Our objective is tariff-free access to the market," they said. "That has been our objective since immediately after the referendum.
"The structures - whether we are in or out - are a secondary matter.
"We are not ruling anything out but what we are saying is that we are the fifth largest economy in the world and we have a special status in both our relationship with the EU and the rest of the globe and we feel we can get a deal that achieves tariff-free access."
'Special status'
Pressed on whether they and Mr Corbyn disagreed on the matter, they said: "I think we are all on the same page with regard to our objectives... there is a debate around whether it is full membership or a new relationship or a separate agreement.
"What we are saying is keep our eye on what is the most important objective, tariff-free access. We can achieve that."
The BBC's assistant political editor Norman Smith said there was a "deep internal divide" within the party and the shadow chancellor was seeking to "soften" the party's stance following a backlash by pro-EU MPs and trade unionists over Mr Corbyn and Mr Gardiner's remarks
Amid signs of growing internal strains over Brexit, the former shadow health secretary Heidi Alexander said they had never felt "more concerned" about their party's position.
"My colleague Barry Gardiner's contribution to the Brexit debate, in which they argue for the UK to come out of the single market and customs union to facilitate Brexit was, for me, depressing and disingenuous in equal measure," they wrote in the Guardian.
They accused their colleague of using arguments on sovereignty, immigration and the legal jurisdiction that "could have come straight out of Tory Central Office", Instead, they said Labour must focus on the damage posed to those on low and middle incomes of a so-called hard Brexit.
The government has said the UK will leave the single market and customs union but could maintain some existing arrangements for an interim period to help British business adjust.
The City of Oakland has agreed to pay a $4.5 million legal settlement to Scott Olsen, the 24-year-old Marine Corps veteran who was critically wounded by Oakland Police on the night of October 25, 2011 during a chaotic confrontation between law enforcement and Occupy Oakland demonstrators. Police had evicted the Occupy Oakland encampment from Frank Ogawa Plaza that morning, prompting thousands of people to return to downtown that afternoon.
Olsen, who is now 26 years old and has permanent brain damage, was struck in the head by a shotgun-fired beanbag that consisted of lead birdshot wrapped in cloth. At the time, they were standing about 15 feet from police barricades at 14th Street and Broadway. The firing of the beanbag round was a blatant violation of OPD's own crowd control policy. Then, while Olsen lay on the ground, an Oakland cop lobbed a “flashbang” grenade into a crowd of people who had rushed in to help the wounded veteran. Video of a dazed and bleeding Olsen being carried to safety by fellow demonstrators went around the world within hours. Occupy Oakland retook the plaza the following day and led a demonstration of thousands that shut down the Port of Oakland on November 2, 2011.
In 2012, this reporter and independent investigator Jacob Crawford identified Robert Roche as the Oakland police officer who lobbed the CS “flashbang” grenade” toward a prone Olsen and the group of people who rushed to their aid (Full disclosure: Jacob Crawford worked as an investigator for Olsen's attorneys Jim Chanin and Rachel Lederman in this case. This reporter was not involved in the lawsuit). OPD fired Roche for their actions, but they are challenging the termination in arbitration. The Oakland police officer who shot Olsen has still not been identified, according to court documents.
“I'm grateful this is over,” Scott Olsen told me in a recent interview. “It's been very difficult to think about or plan for a future during this lawsuit.” Olsen, whose current medical expenses are more than $200,000, said they are relieved that their injuries were not worse. After the shooting, they temporarily lost their ability to speak and to perform basic motor functions, and while they have improved significantly during therapy, their memory, concentration, and speech are still impaired. Olsen said they hope OPD discontinues the use of flashbang grenades and less-than-lethal beanbags so no else gets injured liked they did. To this day, being at the intersection of 14th and Broadway makes them uncomfortable, as does being around police. “When I talk to police now, most of the time I'm shaking inside,” they said.
Ali Winston
Scott Olsen said they hope that OPD will stop using beanbag rounds and flashbang grenades.
OPD's response to Occupy Oakland on the night of October 25, 2011 was the subject of heavy scrutiny by both former compliance director Tom Frazier and Independent Court Monitor Robert Warshaw. In addition, an officer from OPD's Criminal Investigations Division, which was tasked with investigating the Olsen incident, was accused of compromising the case in 2012. In Frazier's report, they called into question the veracity of the Tango Team officers who unleashed the barrage of less-than-lethal munitions into the crowd of demonstrators. The officers claimed they did not see Olsen fall or the flashbang that was tossed at him. “After review of hours of video footage involving the injured party (who appears to be approximately 15-25 feet in front of the police skirmish line when they were struck and fell to the ground), the fact that no law enforcement officer, supervisor, or commander observed the person falling down or prostrate in the street during the confrontation was unsettling and not believable," Frazier wrote in their report.
Tango Team officers commanded by Sergeant Roland Holmgren in particular were singled out for submitting use of force reports from October 25, 2011 that were alarmingly similar in their statement that they did not see Olsen lying in front of the barricade, the people who came to their assistance, or the flashbang grenade that was thrown toward them.
Then-City Administrator Deanna Santana attempted to redact portions of Frazier's report that concerned details of OPD's misconduct surrounding October 25, 2011, including criticisms of OPD's inadequate planning before the October 25 raid on Occupy Oakland; the use of internal affairs officers during the raid, some of whom would later investigate complaints against OPD; failures by the department to follow its own crowd-control policy; a seriously mishandled criminal investigation into the wounding of Scott Olsen; revelations that Olsen was gravely wounded by a beanbag round identical to the ones used by OPD that evening; and serious misgivings from OPD officers who told Frazier's team about the department's lax attitude toward misconduct and discipline.
Although OPD's crowd control policy was recently revised as part of the Spalding et al v. Oakland settlement for a November 2010 mass arrest of Oscar Grant protesters, the department still has CS tear gas, blast grenades, and less-than-lethal beanbags as part of its crowd control arsenal. Other Bay Area law enforcement agencies, such as the San Francisco Police Department, do not use tear gas.
A press conference is scheduled for today at 10 a.m. at Frank Ogawa Plaza.
Update 11 a.m.: The Oakland City Attorney's Office said in a statement this morning that the city will pay $1.8 million of the settlement with Scott Olsen, and that the city's insurance carrier will pay the rest of the $4.5 million.
Hundred-degree weather starts to look mild when it's followed by tornadoes, hail, and thunderstorms in a three-week period. Weather like this leaves us all wondering when the Earth will crack its shell, swallow us into the depth of its lava, and end our lives as we know it. If Morbid Mildred's crystal balls are correct, the end is near and it is filled with burning, melting, killing, and even—gasp!—no internet?!
VICE: How long do you think we have until Earth dies from global warming?
Jo, 29, Decorative Painter: Oh man, I feel like it will. When I was a kid, I used to dream about it—that the world would end in my lifetime. So I'm pretty sure that it will. I think it'll happen sooner than we think. We have maybe 30 to 40 years tops, if we're lucky.
How's it gonna happen?
It's going to be slow at first. Nobody's really going to give a shit because it's gonna be all about making money for the big wigs. And then all of a sudden shit's just gonna fucking fall fast. That's what I see, that's what I saw when I was little.
Like what's gonna fall?
Everything's going to dry up, the water's going to go. That's what I used to dream about. The water. The water wars have already begun in certain ways because that's gonna be the real killer, you know what I mean? We really can't make it without that.
You had dreams about that?
Yeah when I was little.
That's heavy.
I would wake up screaming and my parents were like, "Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you?"
Yeah, like, “What are they teaching you in school!”
That was it though—natural resources.
Do you blame Captain Planet?
I do! But it was really intense because I went to Catholic school for some reason, even though I'm a Jew. Those nuns can be really intense.
Those were some progressive nuns!
They were, in a way. I would go to sleep and wake up from seeing images of scorched earth. Maybe I was just a freaky little kid. But yeah, I think we have it shorter than everybody wants to believe.
How long do you think we have until global warming kills us all?
Jay, 36, Pastor: Oh I dunno, wow that's a good question. Do we know?
No, I'm just asking your opinion.
A thousand.
A thousand years?
Yeah, we only have 1,000 years left. No probably more like 1,500.
And how do you think it's going to happen?
I think things are going to start to flood and the water will get polluted and that will cause us all to die.
So we can't drink the water.
So we can't drink the water, and then we'll dehydrate. And then we'll die.
How long do we have until the world ends because of global warming?
Jana, 22, Model: You know I do my part to prevent it, so I believe in the power of positive thinking and I'm not going think about it.
So you don't wanna talk about it?
No we can talk about it. Maybe like another hundred years? 200?
And how's it going to happen?
There will only be certain zones where people can live, so we'll fight for the space and resources, and we'll just kill each other. Or maybe we'll move to the water, if there's water left.
Do you think the water is going to go?
Yeah, if it gets hotter, the water is definitely going to disappear. Or maybe they'll find a way for us to live without water by then. Or maybe we could get used to the climate. Who knows?
If the world ends because of global warming, how long do we have until that happens?
Fred, 19, Student: About a year.
You think the world is going to end in a year?
Alright, alright. Three hundred years.
OK. And how does it all happen?
The glaciers and everything are going to melt. It's going to be really hot and people can't withstand the heat. People are going to be dehydrated. The trees are going to go and all the carbon dioxide in the air will make it so that people won't be able to breathe. It's going to be too hot.
So we're going to suffocate to death?
Yeah. The water's going to get dried up.
So how long do you think we have until the Earth ends from global warming?
Elijah, 19, Student: About 100 to 200 years.
And how does it happen?
It's going to be too hot. Humans, we're going to burn.
We're going to burn? I'm going to burst into flames?
Nah, not just flames.
Like what? My skin's going to bubble?
Yeah, exactly.
If the end of the world is due to global warming, how long do we have until that happens?
Stephanie, 32, Poet and nanny: Maybe like ten or 15 years.
That soon?
Yes, I don't think it will be that much longer. I think we really, really messed up.
Really? So how does it happen?
I don't know. I guess it will be something to do with the ice caps melting, then like massive climate change and flooding and governments not knowing what to do with all of that, and then the internet collapsing.
Wait, the internet collapses and that leads to the end of humanity?
Not the end of humanity. But I think that'll be the end of the Grid. I imagine looting and rioting and the government losing all control. Take New York City for example, this just isn't sustainable. This can't go on forever.
Previously - How Do You Feel about Chick-fil-A?
AFC North Preview – Josh Brickner @DFF_JoshB
What We Learned From Last Week:
Another Game, Another Loss
The good news, DeShone Kizer did not commit a turnover for only the second game all season. Unfortunately, the Browns' improving defense took a huge step backward as they were torched by Joe Mixon and the Bengals' offense in a 30-16 loss. The Browns RBs continued to cannibalize each other's fantasy production as each put up double-digit fantasy points but took different paths to get there. Isaiah Crowell ran 16 times for 95 yards and caught a single pass for ten yards while Duke Johnson Jr. had six carries for 35 yards and four receptions for 32 yards. Both men are in the flex conversation taking on a Chargers D that has been vulnerable against the run (5th-most fantasy points allowed to RBs), but proceed with caution as the game flow and workload is unpredictable with the hapless Browns.
The Killer B's Strike Again
Ben Roethlisberger, Antonio Brown, and Le'Veon Bell all led the Steelers offensive attack against a Packers' team that (surprisingly) matched them score-for-score until Chris Boswell nailed a field goal as time expired for the 31-28 victory. Big Ben stayed hot, completing 33 of 45 passes for 351 yards and four TDs against two INTs. The former Miami (OH) RedHawk is a medium risk/high reward streamer with their past road struggles. The Steelers travel to Cincinnati for MNF and a matchup against a Bengals D who has been tough on opposing QBs (21st in fantasy points allowed). Antonio Brown was a hero to their fantasy owners with another monster performance (10/169/2) and to the Steelers faithful, as their incredible sideline catch (see below) set up the game-winning FG. Le'Veon Bell might not have a TD in their past three games, but their owners cannot complain due to their ridiculous volume. The Michigan State product was given 32 touches (20 carries, 12 receptions) against Green Bay for 183 total yards (95 rushing, 88 receiving). Both Bell and Brown have the upside to carry their owners to the ‘Ship.
https://twitter.com/NFL/status/935003239069581313
Breakout Game Alert: Joe Mixon
To the surprise of everyone but their immediate family, Joe Mixon set a career-high in carries (23) and rushing yards (114) against a solid Browns run defense. Mixon scored a rushing TD and caught all three of their targets for 51 yards; much to the delight of their fantasy owners who didn't listen to outside noise and put the controversial former Sooner in their lineups. Mixon is definitely on the RB2 radar after such a strong performance, but I would lower expectations, as the Pittsburgh D has allowed the 8th fewest fantasy points to opposing RBs.
What to Watch For:
The Steelers' WR2
With rookie standout JuJu Smith-Schuster sidelined with a hamstring injury against GB, prodigal son Martavis Bryant popped back onto the fantasy scene converting six targets into four receptions, 40 yards, and a TD while playing on 78% of the snaps in Week 12. Bryant surely took advantage of their opportunity sans JuJu, as they had only played on 55% of the offensive snaps while catching eight of their 14 targets for 102 scoreless yards combined over the previous four games. Don't go rush to add Martavis Bryant off the waiver wire…yet. Remember, JuJu's strong performance (28 Targets; 18/376/3) over that same four-game period, along with Martavis' social media outburst, had rendered Bryant fantasy irrelevant until Sunday. JuJu played 70% of the offensive snaps over their last four games (including a season-high 88% in Week 11), and I don't see Martavis stealing any of those snaps due to JSS's superior run blocking. If Smith-Schuster is absent for Week 13 at Cincy, then Martavis would be a sneaky flex play. If JuJu plays, they would also enter the flex conversation.
Josh Gordon Watch: Now it's Real!
It's been two years, 11 months, and ten days since Josh Gordon last laced up their cleats for an NFL football game. Barring any off-the-field mishaps, Gordon should take the field for the winless Browns this Sunday in San Diego. Browns head coach Hue Jackson claims to have “big plans” for the troubled WR this week, however, I would exercise extreme caution in rushing Gordon into my lineup in any must-win fantasy matchup. First, not only has Gordon not played in three years, but judging by their GQ interview JG hasn't played a football game sober for quite some time (if ever). Having to shake off three years of rust while simultaneously feeling hits for the first time is a dangerous combination. Additionally, 2016 first round pick Corey Coleman has been heavily involved in the offense the past two weeks (19 targets, 9/144/0) since returning from a hand injury. The distribution of labor (targets) between the two Baylor products needs to be analyzed before placing either in your lineup. If Gordon performs the way all Browns' fans hope (hand emphatically raised), they COULD be a league winner during the fantasy playoffs, but be patient for one more week.
Who Drops the Boom:
Alex Collins & Danny Woodhead
It only took one full quarter for Javorius Allen to score a 10 yard rushing TD and almost squash my prediction of their fantasy demise. Luckily for me, Buck Allen did little else on the evening (see below), and the Ravens backfield picture got a little clearer. As predicted, Alex Collins led the way on MNF and rewarded their fantasy owners with an eight yard rushing TD. While Danny Woodhead played nine more snaps than last week's 13, they received two fewer targets. I'm still bullish on Woodhead's value ROS, and I believe this is the week we see Allen truly fade into oblivion. The Lions have given up the fourth most fantasy points to opposing RBs this season, as both Collins and Woodhead have value this week. Both are low-end RB2/flex plays in PPR leagues, while Woodhead loses more value in standard leagues than Collins.
https://twitter.com/DFF_JoshB/status/935608289978613761
Who Drops the Ball:
Tyler Kroft
Yes, Tyler Kroft has converted three red zone targets into two goal-line touchdowns over the last two weeks (one in Week 11, one in Week 12). Unfortunately, he's done almost nothing else (5 Targets, 3 Recs, 24 yards) outside of those two TD catches in two plus matchups against Denver and Cleveland. Over the last three games, it looks as if Brandon LaFell (21 Targets, 12/165/1) has overtaken Kroft (13 Targets, 6/30/2) as the #2 option in the Bengals' aerial attack. However, leave Kroft and LaFell both firmly planted on your bench against a stout Pittsburgh secondary that has given up the 3rd fewest fantasy points to opposing TEs and the 7th fewest to enemy WRs on the season.
Game Predictions:
L.A. Chargers 31 Cleveland Browns 17
Detroit Lions 27 Baltimore Ravens 24
Pittsburgh Steelers 34 Cincinnati Bengals 24
.. In Bombay Lunch with the locals, a lounge-worthy library, and a killer sunset Riddhi Shah Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 3, 2015 Like millions of others who grew up in the city during the 80s, I'll never be able to call it Mumbai. The name Mumbai smacks of parochialism and insularity. It's a reminder of the regional chauvinism that has begun creeping into every facet of life in the city — from street signs scrubbed clean of their colonial origins and replaced with the names of Hindu nationalist heroes; to bans on cow slaughter; to crackdowns on Valentine's Day celebrations. But it also speaks of a city playing furious catch-up in a globalized world. As India's nascent free-market economy booms and the country reaches for super-power status, Bombay becomes the primary vehicle for its aspirations.
My Bombay, though, harks back to a quieter, gentler time — before freeways and sea-links crisscrossed its landscape, before skyscrapers rose in its amber sky, before malls, before Michelin-starred restaurants. All these symbols of the modern megapolis push Bombay further and further away from its origins as a collection of languid fishing villages. To experience the Bombay of times gone by, you must work a little. You must get out of your air-conditioned Uber, let the heat and humidity wash over you, and walk down lanes without names, asking locals for directions to that restaurant or bar that never made it on to the tourist map. A. Rama Nayak's Udipi
and Sri Krishna Boarding Your day starts at A. Rama Nayak's — perhaps the oldest udipi restaurant in the city. It was founded in 1942 to feed bachelors who were arriving in droves from South India. Not much has changed since then. It sits on the second floor of a municipal market in the residential suburb of Matunga, and its patrons are largely working men.
The restaurant isn't much to look at: long granite-topped tables, flanked by red fake leather chairs, line the two sections of the restaurant, and the walls are bare. But what it lacks in decor, it makes up for with the food. During the lunchtime rush you'll receive a numbered token, and be asked to take your place in the waiting room. Then, an electronic indicator will tell you when it's time to enter the dining room.
You can choose the unlimited thali (full Indian meal), which is served on a banana leaf and comes with multiple servings of rice, puris or chapatis (bread), vegetables, buttermilk, rasam (soup), dal (lentils), pickle and yogurt. If you're a little less adventurous, opt for the plated meal which has limited quantities of each item. The food is simple and delicious, a world apart from the heavy curries that have become synonymous with Indian cuisine. A word of caution: You'll only receive cutlery if you ask for it; they encourage you to eat with your hands. Ranwar Village With your belly pleasantly full, hail a yellow and black auto-rickshaw and head over to the hip Western suburb of Bandra. Tell the driver to take you to St. Jude's Bakery in Ranwar village. They may have to ask around for directions but he'll eventually drop you off at the mouth of a little enclave that's markedly different from the glitzy shopping complexes and fancy apartment buildings that line Bandra's narrow roads. Ranwar is the suburb's only surviving “heritage precinct,” its residents are largely Catholic, and life here is unhurried and purposefully communal.
Walk around the area, weaving in and out of small squares and interlinked lanes; stop at lime-washed crosses where women in frocks pray with rosary beads; and admire the 400-year-old cottages. Ranwar is also home to some interesting community-sanctioned graffiti. If you have a few minutes, stop at a house called ‘The Trellis' for tea and a chat with Father Larry Pereira, who has appointed themselves the village's official historian. While efforts are underway to restore some of its crumbling cottages, signs of unrelenting modernization are tiptoeing into the neighborhood — in glass-fronted cybercafes and the occasional multi-storied monstrosity. Visit the village before it gets swept away with the tides of the 21st century. David Sassoon Library Take a local train from Bandra into downtown Bombay, and get off at Churchgate station. The overground railways are the city's lifeline, ferrying millions to and fro every day, and a ride on one of the trains offers an uncompromising — and sometimes disturbing—look at what residents must endure each day. From Churchgate, you'll walk, or take a taxi, to the Fort area, from where the British administration conducted much of its business during the Raj.
Photos by Hersh Acharya
You're looking for a respite from the afternoon sun, so head over to the David Sassoon Library and Reading Room, a colonial behemoth of a building in Kala Ghoda, Bombay's art district. The library is home to thousands of rare books, but its true draw is the Victorian architecture —including a stairway lined with ornate balustrades, and shaded balconies lined with reclining wooden chairs that are perfect for an afternoon siesta. The 160-year-old library isn't always open to the public, but sometimes you can get lucky if the librarian is in a particularly generous mood. If not, though, there's also an art gallery in the foyer promoting new artists, along with manicured gardens that are open to all. You can also hop across the street to the bohemian Cafe Samovar inside the Jehangir Art Gallery. Samovar hasn't changed much since the 1970s, where it was often a hotbed for activism and socialist conversation. It's less revolutionary today, but maintains much of the charm. Try the samosas or the parathas if you're in the mood for an afternoon snack.
Bayview Bar at Hotel Harbor View Daylight is now slowly fading, and you want to be by the city's shoreline to watch the sun dip into the Arabian Sea. Apollo Bunder, where the Gateway of India and the famed Taj Mahal Hotel are located, is a 17-minute walk away. But you're not going to the Taj's popular Sea Lounge restaurant to enjoy the sunset — it's expensive and far too touristy. Instead, you're going to walk further down the street to the little-known Hotel Harbor View, and then you'll make your way up to its Bayview terrace bar. Here, you'll sit amongst middle-class professionals and college students for an expansive view of the blue-grey sea and the many-hued dinghies bobbing up and down in it — for a fraction of the price.
Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition Rated For PC
By Ishaan . March 3, 2015 . 9:32am
It looks as though Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition will be available on PC in addition to its Xbox One and PlayStation 4 releases. The game has been rated for PC by the USK, the rating board in Germany.
Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition is a remastered version of Devil May Cry 4 with new features. Capcom have hinted at the ability to play as Vergil, which is an option that didn't exist in the original version of the game. Details on the Special Edition are scarce at the moment.
Capcom will release Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 this Summer. A release date for the PC version has not yet been announced.
What's that California city again? Starts with “San,” has a million people, near the coast?
Almost everyone can think of San Francisco or San Diego. But San Jose, the nation's 10th most populous city, just doesn't jump to mind in the same way.
We know this because nearly half a million people have taken a Sporcle quiz that asks them to name the 100 most populous U.S. cities. Sporcle is a leading provider of brain teasers for procrastinators: Name the 50 states in 10 minutes (a quiz taken more than 15 million times) or the 47 countries of Europe in eight minutes (taken nearly 11 million times).
More than 99 percent of quiz takers name New York as one of the 100 most populous cities, more than any other city. About 90 percent name San Francisco and San Diego. But just two out of three remember San Jose before the allotted 12 minutes is up. That makes it the least named city of any of the 10 most populous ones. And people are more likely to remember much smaller cities, such as Pittsburgh, Cleveland and Cincinnati. “I always miss San Jose in these quizzes!” one commenter lamented.
It's not just Sporcle. At our request, Google's News Lab sent over U.S. search data since 2004 for the 100 Sporcle cities. The data matched Sporcle extremely closely: The more a city is searched, the more it's recalled on the quiz. San Jose ranked 42nd in Google searches.
Sam Liccardo grew up in Saratoga, a suburb of San Jose, before studying at Georgetown and Harvard. They got used to telling people they were from San Jose and having them ask where it was. “It's fair to say we don't bat our weight in terms of marketing and reputation,” Liccardo, who is now the city's mayor, said in a telephone interview. “In some ways it's a point of pride for many of us. San Jose is a place where we're quite comfortable outperforming and underbragging.”
What's holding San Jose back? It doesn't help that it's so close to San Francisco, which gets nine times the number of international visitors and has more than three times the number of hotel beds (even though it has about 150,000 fewer residents). There may be an East Coast bias at work: Cities in Arizona, California, Colorado and Texas all are named less often, on average, than you'd expect based on population, while cities in Florida, New York, New Jersey and Massachusetts all outperform their population.
San Jose once saw a Major League Baseball team as a ticket to fame. In 1992, the owners of the Giants announced plans to move their team from San Francisco to San Jose. Susan Hammer, mayor of San Jose at the time, said the team's move would be “the next step in this whole effort to make San Jose a major city.” That step was never taken: The city's residents voted down a tax increase to build a stadium. And the city's drive to boost its image stalled after the dot-com bust in 2001.
Last year, Team San Jose, a partnership of the city's convention and visitors bureau with hotels and other local organizations, started targeting tourists, something it essentially hadn't been doing at all, Laura Chmielewski, the group's vice president for marketing, said in a telephone interview. I asked them what the pitch was. They cited Silicon Valley innovation, diversity, and the energy of invention and entrepreneurship. Them colleague Ben Roschke, director of business development, said visitors tour garages where tech companies were born, and go to visitor centers at the nearby headquarters of Google and, soon, Apple. “Venture capitalists are meeting with skater kids doing billion-dollar deals at the coffee shop,” Chmielewski said. “This is a future city.”
Does that mean that in the future, San Jose can catch up to San Francisco on Google or Sporcle? “I don't know that it's realistic for us,” Roschke said.
Liccardo said they were fine with that, citing San Jose's strong standing on lists they said mattered more to him: job growth, patents and future readiness. “If San Francisco gets the headlines, they can take the problems that come with those, too,” they said.
Here's a list that matters less to Liccardo, showing how San Jose and the 99 other most populous U.S. cities rank in population, Sporcle results and Google search data.
Google search data is from Jan. 1, 2004-Feb. 18, 2016. Sporcle data is from Sept. 26, 2009-Feb. 22, 2016.
Correction (March 12, 11:40 a.m.): An earlier version of the table in this article contained an incorrect column heading. The third column shows the rank of each city in the percentage of Sporcle quiz takers who named the city, not the rank of the city's population according to Sporcle.
Nowhere else on earth have I felt more at peace than at the Woodstock Fruit Festival. Nowhere else have I allowed myself to be so tender, open, vulnerable, present, loving, accepting of my true self and others.This allowing is an art that has helped me become more aligned with my authentic self and purpose. When I allow my life to unfold day by day, and follow my inner guidance, all the little dots connect. By opening up, stripping away the layers, and choosing my highest excitement, in just a matter of weeks I've made genuine emotional connection, seen new places, inspired and have been inspired by others. I am beyond grateful. Devonney Victoria Waters Connecticut, USA
This festival is the most beautiful and fulfilling thing I have ever gotten to experience! It's a beautiful journey of self-realization that is supported by the love and high frequencies that all of the attendees exude. It brings hope that veganism is the way, that the earth can be healed, and that we are doing the right thing. There's nowhere else on earth I have ever felt I could truly be myself. This is my 3rd festival and I am already signed up for the next year! Thank you, the Woodstock Fruit Festival, for allowing us to be ourselves and let our lights shine, giving us the strength and support to shine those lights in our lives back home. Danielle Finney Ontario, Canada
Over the week, I had many memorable moments. I got the opportunity to play on stage at the talent show and had great fun dancing round the campfire to the music of the drum-circle each night, but I was also able to really surprise myself on the day of the marathon. I decided to see how far I could run despite not really being a runner. I went at a slow pace and ended up continuing for about 22 miles which took me just over 5 hrs and 20 minutes. What most surprised me was that my joints and muscles did not ache particularly badly after it. I put this feat down not only to the power of the diet but to the energy of the Woodstock event which takes us to a new paradigm of health, positivity and fitness for the duration of the event which we can carry with us for the rest of the year along with the good memories. Ronnie Smith Glasgow, United Kingdom
WFF has changed my life, my soul and my heart. I am so blessed and thankful for this opportunity. Now I feel that I am a part of the most kind, thoughtful, generous, acceptable, loving and carrying big fruit family. I have never met so many incredible people in one place, the organizers did a fantastic job on putting it together and providing the most epic, ripe fruits from all over the world. Everyone has to attend this festival to understand the beauty of what nature can provide to us and experience the feeling of love and wisdom from all the guests speakers. I feel reborn and rejuvenated. Kristina Shatova Winnipeg, Canada
My husband and I could not afford the entire festival so we just stayed for a night. It was worth it! The accommodations were very clean and nice, the fruit is really high quality and all-you-can-eat, and there are activities scheduled all day and night. We stopped at the Asian market in Albany on the way home because I got addicted to jackfruit and durian while there and we were blown away by the cost. Oh and there was a beautiful lake with a beach right across the street and we also got to go paddle boarding. And I guess most importantly it really inspired me to start eating healthier. I've lost over 20 pounds and I feel fantastic. Lisa Stafford
From the moment I arrived, I knew I was somewhere great. The vibe attendees give off is different than you find among the general populace – these are people who are interested in thriving on a whole new level, and they're taking steps to go down that path rather than remaining stagnant in the status quo. It's a fruit festival, of course, and the unlimited fruit buffet is great. But so are the morning fitness classes, the beautiful lake, the amazing conversations to be had with progressive people, and so much more. I actually met my girlfriend at Woodstock, and for that alone the price of admission was well worth it. I highly suggest it to anyone who wants to learn how to thrive. Andrew Perlot Texas, USA
Every morning I wake up and give thanks for three things in my life. This morning I gave thanks for one thing three times because it was just that fricken awesome! I am so grateful for all the wonderful friends I have made either directly or indirectly from The Woodstock Fruit Festival! I can't even begin to tell you what a difference it's been to be among such beautiful, vibrant, healthy and thriving individuals. The positivity, the love and the support. I feel truly blessed to have you all in my life. Eliana Forero New York, USA
I went to the Woodstock Fruit Festival looking for inspiration and personal growth. I found both. It's been just over a month since the festival and I'm still going strong. I'm not perfect, but that's not my goal. My goal is to love myself, accept myself and continue to choose the best foods to eat so that I can be at my best every day. I've got two boys with special needs and they need me to be there for them. When I choose to eat healthfully, I can be who I'm meant to be. Lori Anne Lanigan Quebec, Canada
I've participated in all these festivals from 2011-2016. Each instance is always one of the most rewarding, refreshing times of my life. The highlight of the year, easily. When I'm not there, I find myself so looking forward to next time! You wouldn't believe the amount of fond nostalgia that lives on in my heart long afterward. I know what they're talking about when I hear so many people testify how life-transformational their experiences are. Not only loads of fun, but high vibes from the gathering of so many health enthusiasts. It's one of the biggest factors supporting my chosen values and path. Eric Farris Washington, USA
It was probably the best vacation I have taken as an adult, and worth every cent. If you are a seasoned low-fat raw vegan, like I am, you will feel like you are coming home. If you are newer to the lifestyle then it is an amazing opportunity to be able to ask your questions, meet like-minded people and experience some truly excellent meals. I believe attending a week-long event can really give a solid foundation for making healthy lifestyle changes. The hardest part to describe is the general atmosphere/energy that exudes from attendees & speakers. People make eye contact, smile, are happy to chat with you. I can't wait to go again this year! Laurie Ellicott Oregon, USA
This article is from the archive of our partner .
As the reports continue to trickle in about developments in Ukraine (check in with our live blog here), the grounds of the opulent presidential palace have become the choice destination for Ukrainian protestors and tourists alike. Security has fled, leaving the estate of semi-President Viktor Yanukovych open to the public.
First stop: The Zoo:
A day at the Zoo, the President's private zoo in In open house courtesy of the revolution pic.twitter.com/CTsixqIXzJ — Matt Frei (@mattfrei) February 22, 2014
Every President needs one of these pic.twitter.com/IpDyROISD8 — Matt Frei (@mattfrei) February 22, 2014
Next up is the marina:
People of #Kyiv swarms over President's estate, learn they have a boat there. A big one. http://t.co/1DSJHprqrJ pic.twitter.com/sFLNeVlnIz — Jim Roberts (@nycjim) February 22, 2014
For the car enthusiast in the family, here's a look at the presidential garage:
Since security fled in haste, the river has become something of a national archive:
Знайшли біля причалу у воді документи pic.twitter.com/o1MYxFXoLa — Oksana Kovalenko (@superumka) February 22, 2014
Others are posing in front of the residence:
More happy Ukrainians having a Saturday walk in the park at Yanukovich residence. #whereisyanu #euromaidan pic.twitter.com/FQr3rEk0EI — federico escher (@fedescher) February 22, 2014
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Is the far left going to stay overwhelmingly white and colorblind on issues of race?
This week, the internet was set ablaze with hot takes relating to former President Obama's decision to get paid to speak at a health-care conference. The conference was organized by Cantor Fitzgerald, a bond firm, which apparently makes it an enemy of state to the far left. The consensus among the far left is that Obama's decision to get paid to speak is evidence of political corruption.
On its face, this is just an absurd statement with no basis in fact: Obama is legally barred from running for President again, and their wife, Michelle Obama, has repeatedly indicated they have no interest in politics. How can the money be a bribe for the Obamas if they have no future in public office?
But when you dig deeper to the root of the criticism, you start to see some ugly truths about the far left and race in America. You start to see why Sanders' movement was overwhelmingly white and struggled mightily to get the support of the people of color they needed to have any chance at winning the primary. There is a major disconnect between Sanders and their followers and the majority of Black voters in this country, and the latest spat with Obama are just the most recent indication of that.
Bernie Lost The Primary Because They Couldn't Connect With People of Color
In order to properly talk about the disconnect between people of color and the far left, we have to talk a bit about why Sanders lost in the primary. Their message primarily targeted the white working class and focused on “economic” issues versus “racial” ones. They rejected identity politics and had virtually no political capital with minorities even after decades in Congress. As a result, they lost Black voters 75–25 and Latino voters 65–35. Their backers will point to Sanders winning the youngest overall cohort of people of color, but their turnout rate with this demographic was so poor that it was ultimately irrelevant. The far left uses Clinton's turnout rates in the general as evidence of them being a “poor” candidate. Why are Bernie's horrible turnout rates among young people of color not used as evidence of them being a poor candidate that couldn't connect with Black and Brown voters?
By the middle of the primary, Sanders had said the diverse southern states “distort” the race and had abandoned any efforts to campaign there. We hear a lot about Clinton not campaigning in Wisconsin, but pretty much nothing about Sanders abandoning the south during the primary. With the diverse Democratic base in the southern states being a major reason why Sanders lost, you'd think that their movement would make a major effort to reach out to Black voters and find a way to meet them on the issues that they care about.
Nope. Instead, we are seeing a doubling down on a focus of the white working class and hostility to identity politics.
The Vitriolic Criticism Of Obama Highlights Black Voters' Problems With The Far Left
In late 2016, nearly 9 out of 10 Black voters approved of President Obama. To many Black voters, they are the symbol of success for Black America. You might not agree with everything they have done, and I certainly haven't agreed with everything, but you have to respect them for what they mean to Black Americans — making it to the height of American politics and withstanding eight years of racist attacks. Sanders and their movement see Obama as symbolic of evil neoliberal corporate interests. Therein lies the disconnect. The far right holds disdain for Obama for some of the same reasons that the far left does: They see them as beholden to special interests instead of “those of the people.”
Black people can see this, they aren't stupid. They see that the political fringe on the left and most of the right hates Obama for some of the same reasons. So when the far left comes out and says that the first Black President should be held to a different standard than Presidents before them — that they don't deserve to get paid for their post-Presidential work or shouldn't be compensated — the Black community feels that one of its largest symbols of success is under attack from an overwhelmingly white political movement.
Why does the far left believe the first Black president should be held to a standard of making less money? Why does the far left believe that the first Black president doesn't deserve to be compensated for their work? These are the issues that resonate with the black community.
Why does the far left believe that the first Black president doesn't deserve to be compensated for their work?
The rebuttal will be, well, the money is corporate, the money is from Wall Street. Well, nobody in the far left was coming for Sanders when they invested their money on Wall Street. Nobody on the far left was coming for The Young Turks when they took $4 million from Republicans. There are a plethora of organizations and publications on the far left that take big money from corporate donors, Republicans, and Wall Street investment bankers. But they are not viciously attacked for making money or taking in millions in donations. Why do they hold the first Black President to a standard they don't hold themselves to? They haven't just come for Obama either. They've heavily criticized activist DeRay and the Black women behind Safety Pin Box for making money for their work, accusing them of being beholden to corporate interests.
When Obama, DeRay, or Safety Pin Box is making money, all of a sudden the far left has a problem with it. But when their own organizations and publications are taking Wall Street or corporate donations, there is no anger, no criticism, no vitriol.
Do you see how Black people see this? How we look at this and say “They don't want Black people to succeed or to be represented in politics, business, or media? They don't want Black people to make money?” This is a movement that hates identity politics, refused to campaign in the diverse southern states, and calls out prominent successful Black people for getting paid for their work. Vox wrote an article saying that Obama shouldn't have taken the money not because it was corruption (it clearly wasn't) but because the optics could make it appear so. Well, think about how the optics of how the far left appears to Black people. From a Black perspective, you can see how the far left and the far right's criticisms of prominent Black people appear very similar?
No Democratic Candidate Can Win The 2020 Primary Without Black Voters
Without Black and Brown voters, the far left is dooming itself to remain a fringe sect of the Democratic Party. They can never achieve the majority they need to enact the changes they want without massive support from people of color. But right now, it doesn't seem like they are making any effort to reach out to people of color or come into their communities and hear about racial issues.
Bernie has long had a hyperfocus on the white working class, and maybe that's what the fierce criticism of Obama and Clinton is all about — the far left trying to appeal to white workers who don't really like Democrats that much. If the far left is trying to appeal to the white working class through criticism of Obama, it is a tactic that won't have much success. By using the same “corruption!” attacks on Obama that the far right makes, all the far left is doing is alienating the same Black voters they need on their side to make any meaningful change to the Democratic Party. And there is no evidence that the white working class likes Bernie's message more than a traditional Republican; I think Teachout and Feingold's performances with mostly white electorates show that clearly.
Without Black and Brown voters, the far left is dooming itself to remain a fringe sect of the Democratic Party.
Currently, the far left is moving down a path that doesn't get them the white working class and pushes away Black and Brown voters. This is a path toward remaining a permanent minority in the Democratic Party, especially as the Democrats become more diverse every year. Is the far left going to stay overwhelmingly white and colorblind on issues of race? Or will they come into Black communities in the south and talk to preachers, community center directors, afterschool program volunteers, and actually learn how racial discrimination isn't just some issue to be dealt with after economic populism?
The answer to that question could determine the future of their movement.
Donald Trump loves fast food. The 45th president has no problem wolfing down a Quarter Pounder or digging their way through a bucket of KFC. ”Great stuff,” they once called the cheap, greasy fare.
Six months into Trump's presidency, the fast-food industry has plenty of reason to love them back.
The oil and gas sector, coal producers and for-profit colleges are all clear winners in the Trump team's mission to deconstruct the administrative state. But so far, fast food, retail and other lower-wage industries have benefited as much as anyone from the administration's great regulatory rollback.
Lobbyists for restaurants, hotels and other franchised businesses spent the last several years fighting the Obama administration on one regulation after another. But the new White House occupant has heard their grievances, making industry-friendly changes to employment laws and how they're enforced. That's included abandoning Obama's overtime reforms, shying away from a minimum wage raise, and limiting who's considered an “employer” under the law ― all of which have a disproportionate effect on lower-wage, labor-intensive fields like fast food.
All told, the new administration has given McDonald's and its friends plenty to cheer about.
“The early signs are that it can be more like night and day in terms of approach,” said Matt Haller, senior vice president at the International Franchise Association, an industry group representing franchisers, including McDonald's. “We just want regulations that are fair and reasonable and very clear.”
The previous White House viewed regulation as a means to lift up workers at the bottom of the economic ladder, particularly folks doing low-paid service work like fast food and hospitality. Hence their push for a higher mandated wage floor, expanded overtime protections and aggressive enforcement of wage and hour laws. Like Obama, Trump speaks often of forgotten workers whose pay has stagnated, but so far their prescription for improving their lot mainly involves unfettering their employers.
The early signs are that it can be more like night and day in terms of approach. Matt Haller, senior vice president at the International Franchise Association
That shouldn't come as a surprise for a president who made their fortune in hotels and went on to nominate a burger chain executive to be the country's top workplace watchdog. (Andrew Puzder, the former CEO of Hardee's and Carl's Jr., ended up withdrawing their controversial nomination.) Still, the degree to which the administration is taking the reins off employers has distressed past officials who took a more aggressive tack.
“It's the combination of these policies that's deeply troubling,” said David Weil, who led the Labor Department's Wage and Hour Division under Obama. “I see very little evidence that they are doing anything to address the needs of working people who have been left behind for a long time.”
While they were in office, Weil tried to steer the agency's investigations toward the industries where they saw the most vulnerable workers ― fast food, sit-down restaurants, hotels and motels, janitorial companies and so forth. A Labor Department spokesperson said the agency under Trump still carries out what it calls “targeted enforcement” programs. But pressed on whether they were targeting the same low-wage fields as before, the spokesperson declined to say.
Some of the changes under Trump have little practical impact, but speak volumes about the administration's peculiar form of populism.
Employers in food and hospitality were apoplectic over the Obama administration's view on “joint employment”: the idea that more than one entity might be responsible when a worker gets injured or shorted on pay. The Obama administration put companies on notice that they, too, could be responsible for abuses against workers who are technically employed by temp firms and contractors. Fast-food brands like McDonald's recoiled at the idea they might be as liable for workplace violations as the franchisees who operate McDonald's restaurants.
After Trump's second pick for labor secretary, Alexander Acosta, assumed office in April, one of the first steps the agency took was to rescind the guidance on joint employment issued under Obama. Speaking to a retail lobby last month, Vice President Mike Pence proudly noted the change, drawing applause.
In another early move, the Labor Department brought back what are known as “opinion letters.” When employers are sued for allegedly not paying overtime or the minimum wage, they can ask the Labor Department to pen one of these letters in their defense, to be used in court. Weil likens them to a “get-out-of-jail-free card” for employers, and the Obama administration did not issue them. Trump's Labor Department, however, has trumpeted their return.
Trump also rescinded an executive order from Obama that would have made it harder for firms to secure federal contracts if they have a documented history of wage theft. Obama's order was the result of a campaign by fast-food workers who had been shorted on their pay while working on federal properties. (Two other orders from Obama ― one raising the minimum wage for federal contractors and another mandating sick leave for them ― have so far survived this administration.)
Other changes on the employment front are far more significant. The Obama administration tried to reform the nation's overtime rules and guarantee more workers time and a half pay when they work more than 40 hours in a week. The share of salaried employees who are protected by overtime law has dropped off a cliff since the 1970s. The changes the Obama administration made would have extended overtime rights to 4 million additional workers, according to the previous White House.
Carlo Allegri/Reuters Donald Trump has rolled back many of the Obama-era regulations that drove employer groups batty.
After business groups sued to stop Obama's plan, the Trump White House declined to defend it. The new administration seems to share the view of business groups that Obama's proposal covered too many workers and was too costly for employers. If Trump takes their own crack at overtime reform, it's likely he'll make far fewer workers eligible for time and a half pay.
Many of the people Obama's reforms aimed to help work in food and retail jobs, earning relatively low salaries while clocking long days. A group of Chipotle workers recently sued the burrito chain for backpay, arguing Obama's overtime changes should still apply even though the rule is now in legal limbo. The case hasn't yet been decided.
As with the overtime expansion, this White House has abandoned the push for a higher minimum wage made by Obama. The idea of hiking the minimum wage tends to poll well across party lines; although they flip-flopped on the issue as a candidate, Trump once said they would like to raise it to “at least $10.” But so far as president, they seem intent to leave such matters to the market. The federal minimum wage, which prevails in any state without a higher one, is currently $7.25 per hour and hasn't been raised in eight years.
Beyond the major policy shifts, Trump's effect on low-wage work will be felt in less obvious ways. They recently made two nominations to the five-member National Labor Relations Board, which interprets collective bargaining law and referees disputes between employers and unions. Their conservative choices ― one are a management-side attorney, the other a former GOP staffer who served on the House labor committee ― would end the current liberal majority and push the board to the right. (One of them has already been confirmed.)
I see very little evidence that they are doing anything to address the needs of working people who have been left behind. David Weil, former Labor Department official under Obama
If history is any indication, the Republican board would likely reverse some union-friendly rulings and draw tighter boundaries around who's eligible to unionize. Celine McNicholas, a labor policy expert at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, said the board is one way Trump could chip away at what they considered modest gains made for lower-income workers during the Obama years.
“These potential setbacks are going to prove to be incredibly damaging, particularly for folks who are low-wage workers,” McNicholas said. “They are certainly losers under the Trump administration.”
One potential beneficiary of the new board is McDonald's. The fast-food giant recently went to trial before an administrative law judge at the labor board to determine whether it counts as a joint employer alongside its franchisees; McDonald's could be held jointly responsible for violating workers' rights. In general, a conservative labor board would be more likely to side with employers in such contentious cases.
The board's general counsel, Richard Griffin, who functions as a quasi-prosecutor, brought the case against McDonald's on behalf of workers who claimed they'd been illegally retaliated against for their activism in the Fight for $15 protests. A former union lawyer, Griffin assumed the post in 2013 and has been a thorn in the side of not just McDonald's but also Walmart and other employers he's taken to trial. Their aggressive tenure has so infuriated business groups that some Republicans have demanded that they step down.
The gentrification of Marylebone has turned it into a Utopia for those who can afford it, but at what cost?
I used to live in Marylebone in what is now one of the most expensive parts of London. My landlord was a family estate that had accrued wealth and property over the centuries. Once Marylebone was farm and garden country, before that it was wood and forest in the days before the Romans. But sometime in the 18th century as the family estate that now exists was being put together they chanced their arm.
Instead of harvesting the fields and its fruit, they decided to dig it all up and lay down houses, streets, shops and inns. It probably didn't bring them in the income that they desired straight away. But soon they were harvesting the income to a much, much more formidable level than anything got from crops of wheat and barley, or whatever else they grew.
By the time that the imaginary Sherlock Holmes was living on the edge of the family estate this was decidedly urban London. And it had its problems. It had its slums. The champion of the poor and social housing innovator Octavia Hill started their movement in the slums that existed off the Marylebone High Street. And Dickens helped a hostel for fallen women start up around the corner from Marylebone's main streets.
The harvesting went on and on through the centuries and the family estate is worth an absolute fortune now. Cutting down trees and putting riverlets into culverts proved a wise move for the family, digging up fields of fecund land likewise.
But there was a coming and going of fortunes. When I moved in in the early years of this century they had more houses and flats to let than they could fill. The flats were not cheap but they were not outrageously expensive. The high street had many empty shops. The pubs were pubs. Cafes for working men in dusty overalls and cab drivers abounded. Marylebone was socially mixed.
But then chances of making bigger harvests, or bigger returns on harvests came about. Madonna for a while seemed to live there, or was seen walking the high street. Shops of the most useless and rarefied kind started to fill the main streets. Selling expensive clothes, bags, cooking utensils that looked like modern sculptures. The poshest bookshop in London, imitating how bookshops used to be before the Second World War, sprang up. Harry Potter first came to my eye filling the bookshop's window as the bookseller made a prophecy: that this first Potter book was what the world had long waited for.
The chains came, looking as if the cappuccino years had finally arrived. Pubs became places to eat and meet, not to drink and ruck.
This is Utopia now for the chosen few. And it is completely and utterly unsustainable
Those nature movers, back then in the 18th century, when they put their estate together were wise to do so and tear up nature and provide serious money for generation after generation. Even if it meant eventually socially sterilising the streets and shops and making them into a kind of Rodeo Drive experience. Even if it meant turning culture into philistine culture.
I loved and do love Marylebone. I love the fact that the Tyburn stream starts there; that flowed on down towards what is now Marble Arch to the Tyburn Tree. The Tyburn Tree which was the scene of the state killing of all manner of robbers and murderers and assumed robbers and murderers; the killing fields of London.
If only we could haunt the streets of Marylebone with the memory of the murdered and killed and starved and driven out. But alas it is not possible to see that vital history; only the posh frock shops and the posh restaurants and the posh saucepans and kitchen knife shops exist to obliterate memory.
There's not a Brexiteer in sight, other than those driving a van or dropping off a parcel, or mending a drain, or digging a hole, or sweeping a street. This is Utopia now, on tap for the chosen few. And it is completely and utterly unsustainable.
My flat and the house it was in was gutted and made completely different, although keeping its fascia; just so it could look like the house it has been since 1908. The harvest carries on, bringing in more than when donkeys and peasants, and farmhands and drovers passed that way.
I love the posh bookshop and go there at times to buy. I love that the Rajdoot where I have eaten Indian food for decades is still there by the Paddington Street Graveyard which is now a fine public park.
I am not happy though that itinerant men are ill provided for, wanderers, lost in a sea of wealth. Opposite where I lived was a place for homeless people to go to get fed and nurtured, alas now out-priced and sold up. Interestingly it was the very Catholic Order who rescued me and my fellow brothers from the streets 60 years ago and put us in a well-supplied orphanage.
How high will outrageous wealth climb before it brings down us all?
But if you go there to Marylebone to savour the dumb cultural death of the place, replenish your cultural batteries by going free into the neighbouring Wallace Collection. There you will see the wealthy trinkets and jewels of old, and the paintings of naked cherubs and women. And the Laughing Cavalier and one of the finest rainbow scenes by Rubens. Now that's worth preserving! Not the highly expensive trash shops that are nearby and around it.
An addendum to Ed's post this morning. Per WaPo, it's not just the forensic evidence that's backing Wilson up.
[M]ore than a half-dozen unnamed black witnesses have provided testimony to a St. Louis County grand jury that supports Wilson's account of events of Aug. 9, according to several people familiar with the investigation who spoke with The Washington Post. Some of the physical evidence — including blood spatter analysis, shell casings and ballistics tests — also supports Wilson's account of the shooting, the Post sources said, which cast Brown as an aggressor who threatened the officer's life. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they are prohibited from publicly discussing the case… Benjamin L. Crump, a lawyer for the Brown family, said Brown's family and supporters will not be persuaded by the autopsy report or eyewitness statements that back Wilson's account of the incident… Exactly how high Brown's hands were has been inconsistent in the accounts, and at least one witness said that after Brown was shot, they appeared to take a step toward Wilson. That witness said, however, Brown had their arms around their stomach before hitting the ground.
The Post doesn't specify which details from Wilson's account were supported by the witnesses (none of whom want to be named, of course, lest they face reprisals for being honest). Did they corroborate the fight in the front seat of the squad car when, Wilson claims, Brown grabbed their gun? The physical evidence supports that too: One forensic pathologist who reviewed the autopsy report noted that Brown's hand wound wouldn't have had gunpowder particulate in it unless their hand had been on or right next to Wilson's gun. Two shell casings were also found in Wilson's squad car, per the Post, supporting the fact that the gun was discharged twice inside the vehicle. Or did the witnesses corroborate the fatal shooting later, after Brown had moved away from the car and Wilson had gotten out? That's what the case will turn on: If Wilson ends up being indicted, prosecutors will argue that, yes, Brown might have reached for Wilson's gun but the subsequent shooting was unnecessary. Brown was already wounded; Wilson was shooting out of rage, not to repel a mortal threat.
Realistically, though, how likely is it that he's going to be indicted at this point? Crump says they have seven witnesses who'll say that Wilson gunned Brown down unjustifiably. Great, says the defense, we have seven witnesses who say the opposite plus a pile of forensic evidence that shows Brown, who'd just committed a robbery at the local convenience store, not only assaulted a police officer but attempted to seize their firearm. There's little doubt, barring some bombshell evidence that the public doesn't know about, that Wilson's not going to be convicted. The question now is whether he'll be charged. One theory for all the leaks lately is that law enforcement is trying to prepare the public for the fact that grand jury is unlikely to return an indictment, but I don't know: Given what Crump said in the excerpt above plus protesters vowing that “it's going to be a war” if Wilson isn't charged, sounds like releasing the evidence early isn't going to calm anyone down. On the contrary, it may be that this is being leaked because Wilson supporters fear that he'll be unfairly indicted anyway for political reasons, even though there's no probable cause to think they murdered Brown. That's probably the outcome city leaders would prefer — indictment followed by acquittal so that they can say the system took the incident seriously enough to force Wilson to defend their actions in open court. Think that result would calm people down? Me neither.
One more odd detail from WaPo's story: “The Post sources said the levels in Brown's body may have been high enough to trigger hallucinations.” Er, okay, but isn't the fact that Brown had just apparently committed a crime minutes before Wilson rolled up a more likely explanation for why they got aggressive? They had obvious reasons to fear police scrutiny at the time. Reefer madness seems like an odd theory of the case.
While America entertains itself with the likes of Donald Trump and the Presidential Primaries its neighbour to the north Canada, my home and native land, inches itself towards what's bound to be a monumental decision with repercussions on both sides of the border.
Euthanasia. State-sponsored suicide.
And by “inches” I mean “barrels towards it at a breakneck speed.”
A bit of background.
In Canada, the Charter of Rights and Freedoms guarantees individuals protected rights, as interpreted by the Courts, with which the government must respect and comply. Since it's inception in 1982 by the last Prime Minister named Trudeau, these rights have been slowly and inevitably expanding and have evolved, recently, to include the right to die.
So-called physician-assisted death; medically-assisted dying.
Reporting back this past week, a government-backed expert panel studying the issue released several recommendations for a legal and practical framework for doctors to end patients' lives. These recommendations, which far exceed the scope of the Court's original mandate (to allow terminal, suffering patients the right to death), have sent nothing short of shock waves through the Canadian Christian community.
Recommendations which include the right to seek death by,
“mature minors”;
mentally handicapped and/or psychologically ill individuals; and
non-terminal patients.
Less shocking, perhaps, but no less worrisome is the recommendation that physicians who are unwilling to comply with a patient's wish to die must refer to another doctor who will.
Maureen Taylor, a Physician Assistant and advocate for medically-assisted dying, appeals to the Hippocratic Oath to argue that doctors unwilling to perform euthanasia must reasonably provide a referral. To do otherwise would amount to “patient abandonment,” said Taylor this past week in an interview.
I would point out, ironically, that this same Hippocratic Oath prevents doctors from killing their patients to begin with.
What a topsy-turvy world we live in.
But once again, Canadian Christians must form a sort of vanguard of society. We must, loudly, clearly, and with compassion, appeal to something better. Something outside of ourselves. A standard to which we far too frequently fail to rise and not one determined by our own individual, admittedly faulty, internal compasses.
When a society sanctions killing its young, its mentally ill, and anyone who wishes to die as Cardinal Thomas Collins, Archbishop of Toronto, put it: this isn't merely a slippery slope we're dealing with, the slope has already been “well-greased.”
Writing succinctly about physician-assisted suicide the Bishops of Alberta said, “it makes legally permissible in some circumstances what is morally wrong in every circumstance.”
So as Christians, as Catholics, we must pray. We must pray for our country until our lips can pray no more. We must pray without ceasing. And, we must act. We must add our names to petitions. We must write our Members of Parliament. And we must be unafraid to have the tough discussions.
Cardinal Thomas Collins writes,
Some people become convinced that, at a certain point, there is no longer any “value” in their life, since they cannot function as they once did. Their concern deserves our compassionate respect, but it is a shaky foundation for social policy. Our value as people comes not from what we can do, but from who we are. It comes from within, from our inherent dignity as human beings. Once we make people's worthiness to live dependent on how well they function, our society has crossed the boundary into dangerous territory in which people are treated as objects that can be discarded as useless.
Ending a life, for the Christian, is not a compassionate choice and we must work to explain this distinction. We must, equally, bolster the vocations of our Christians brothers and sisters already hard at work in the field of palliative care. We must walk, with them, and alongside the dying and suffering, to suffer, with faith, together.
Collins, again, writes, “Christians should be guided by these words of Jesus, that for 2000 years have inspired heroic acts of loving service: Whatever you did for one of these least brothers of mine, you did for me (Matthew 25:40).”
Stay in touch! Like The Cordial Catholic on Facebook:
A documentary about NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has won the prestigious Directors Guild Award as best movie in the category. Laura Poitras, the director of Citizenfour, received their award at a ceremony in Los Angeles on Saturday.
It was Laura Poitras' first Directors Guild Award nomination. In 2006, their film My Country, My Country, about life for Iraqis under US occupation, was nominated for an Oscar.
Poitras told The Hollywood Reporter they had “checked in” with Edward Snowden to make them aware of the nomination.
“He is always very funny. They said ‘Well I guess I was wrong to advise you against bringing your camera.' Cause originally they said it was a bad idea,” the director told the THR.
Citizenfour is a chronicle of making the world aware of the US National Security Agency's global electronic surveillance program.
It begins with Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald and film director Laura Poitras traveling to Hong Kong in June 2013 to become the first public figures to meet Edward Snowden – the government whistleblower and bring their findings to the world.
“This felt like the most dangerous work I had ever done, and I've been in conflict in war zones,” Poitras told Indie Wire.
They met the former NSA contractor many times throughout the movie that has a number of interviews with the former spy. Poitras researched the data leaked by Snowden to unravel the shocking truth about eavesdropping in modern society.
DGA Awards: Laura Poitras Wins Best Documentary Director For 'Citizenfour' http://t.co/wpN0ZNteQPpic.twitter.com/7vwNxvm6eC — Deadline Hollywood (@Deadline) February 8, 2015
READ MORE: Snowden documentary 'Citizenfour' nominated for Oscar
The documentary's title was chosen following emails Poitras started to receive in January 2013 from an unknown recipient, who claimed to be a government official willing to disclose information about US global surveillance program. The author of the emails signed off as ‘Citizen Four' turned out to be Edward Snowden.
The simplest way to evaluate a chef is to taste the food. So when thinking about climate science, the simplest way for the public to get a feel for the reliability of future projections is to see how past temperature projections have held up so far. A real evaluation of climate modeling would be (and is) much more involved and rigorous than that, but that's a more challenging meal that most people have time for.
Many modeling studies result in projections about the future, but the consensus projections made in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports are the highest profile. A pair of recent papers has gone back to those reports to see how well they match the trends we've observed since their release. It can take a couple of decades for climate trends to become clear, but the first IPCC report was published in 1990, so there's now enough data to make a comparison worthwhile.
It's been said that prediction is difficult—especially about the future. That's certainly the case for climate, where unpredictable variability—from volcanoes, the El Niño Southern Oscillation, and subtle changes in solar output, for example—are collectively a large determinant of year-to-year changes. On top of that, trends in human emissions depend on unforeseeable socioeconomic circumstances. When IPCC reports project future changes, they don't try to guess at these things. They project average trends for multiple scenarios of human emissions.
This means that the comparison between projections and observed temperatures is not quite as simple as it sounds. First, you've got to figure out how well the scenarios given in the reports match the actual amount of carbon dioxide we've emitted. Then, you've got to account for the natural year-to-year variability somehow. Only then can you have an apples-to-apples comparison.
The IPCC temperatures are on target
A paper in Nature Climate Change checks in on the projections from the first IPCC report, published in 1990. That report projected simple trends based on greenhouse gas emissions through 2030, a period we're just over halfway through. The most frequently cited projection estimates 0.7–1.5°C of warming between 1990 and 2030, which means we would see an increase of about 0.35 – 0.75 °C through 2010. (The range of values is a product of uncertainty about the exact sensitivity of climate to greenhouse gases.) The observed temperature trend through 2010 is about 0.35–0.39°C, depending on the dataset.
So, is it as simple as saying the projection was (barely) correct, but overestimated warming? Not really. The first thing to do is account for natural variability. The researchers chose to address this by running many climate model simulations in a “stable” configuration with no drivers of warming or cooling. Ninety percent of the natural variability fell within a range of ±0.19°C. If you apply that as a measure of potential noise around the signal of the underlying trend, the projected warming by 2010 becomes 0.28 – 0.81°C, which includes the observed trend a little more cleanly.
It's also important to note that both the projection and the observed trend lie above the estimated range of natural variability. That means the difference between the observed warming and natural variability is statistically significant.
There's still the matter of emissions scenarios, though. That oft-cited 1990 projection is actually based on a higher level of emissions than we actually produced. The emissions scenario closest to reality gives a projected trend of 0.16–0.63°C through 2010 (using the researchers' estimate for natural variability). The observed warming of 0.35–0.39°C is right in the middle of that range.
Our comparison might be down to apples and apples at this point, but it's Granny Smith and Red Delicious. To really assess the IPCC projections, the researchers used a very simple climate model like the one used for that IPCC report and calibrated it to make sure it would yield the same results as the 1990 model. Then they fed in actual emissions data and added in the volcanic eruptions that have occurred, as well.
The result, including natural variability, was a predicted warming of 0.29–0.67°C by 2010. Twenty-two years ago, that's where the report predicted we'd be at today.
Another paper, this one published in Environmental Research Letters (Open Access), takes a different approach. The researchers build on previous work in which they attempted to adjust global temperature data to remove most of the natural variability, dampening some noise and bringing out the signal. Comparing this data to the projections in the third and fourth IPCC reports (2001 and 2007) shows solid agreement.
Sea levels, less so
The researchers also compare the sea level projections associated with those reports to the observed sea level rise since their publication. Here the projections are less accurate. Sea level has very slightly exceeded the upper bound of the uncertainty range for the projections. The reports' best estimate of projected sea level rise was about 2.0 millimeters per year—it has actually increased at a rate of 3.2 ±0.5 millimeters per year.
This isn't a surprise, as the projections are considered to be conservative by many researchers. Uncertainty about how quickly Greenland and Antarctica will lose ice seems to be largely responsible for the cautious estimates. The researchers note that the difference between projected and observed sea level rise to this point (and what we know about ice sheets) “suggests that the 21st Century sea-level projections of the last two IPCC reports may be systematically biased low.”
The reality is that the IPCC projections have stood up well in some ways, and work is ongoing in others. This is the nature of scientific progress.
Each IPCC report is a summary of the science existing at the time. If there were no questions remaining or progress to make, climate scientists would have moved on to something more interesting. But underlying all the complicated details is a very simple relationship—adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere raises temperatures and changes climate. That's what the science predicted, and that's what we're seeing play out.
Nature Climate Change, 2012. DOI: 10.1038/NCLIMATE1763, Environmental Research Letters, 2012. DOI: 10.1088/1748-9326/7/4/044035 (About DOIs).
We all loved them as positive and hopeful Charlotte York on Sex And The City. But in real life Kristin Davis has just as big a heart. The actor is a patron of the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust in Kenya, an amazing organization that helps rescue and foster baby elephants orphaned from poaching, but also helps treat elephants and rhinos injured by poachers inside the Tsavo National Park. And she's helping them make even faster progress to reaching the injured creatures by helping raise funds - both from themselves and from their charitable foundation - to purchase a helicopter for the DSWT's aerial mobile veterinary services and anti-poaching response. With help from Davis, not only does the foundation have a much-needed new fast and light helicopter but she's also assisting the team with video camera traps, fuel, maintenance for the helicopter, a pilot and the anti-poaching team. And the assistance is greatly needed as elephant poaching rates are at an all-time high, with sadly ivory being in high demand in some parts of the world, primarily China. Way to go Kristin! Such a wonderful effort for a wonderful species!Kristin's efforts to get the DSWT a new mobile veterinary unit already helped save two adult male African elephants from poacher's deadly spears this week. Read the amazing account of their rescue efforts here
The Federal Reserve escalated its efforts to get the U.S. economic recovery back on track Wednesday, again entering the realm of risky and untested policy in response to the worst downturn in generations.
The plan to pump $600 billion into the financial system is designed to stimulate the economy in large part by lowering mortgage and other interest rates.
Although the approach carries significant risks for both the economy and the central bank's credibility, the steps announced by Fed policymakers could represent the nation's best hope for breaking free of sluggish growth, especially with bold initiatives unlikely from a newly divided Congress.
Fed officials concluded that growth is too slow to bring down the 9.6 percent unemployment rate and is at risk of staying that way for some time absent new action. They were also concerned that inflation has been running too low and were looking for a way to encourage modest price increases, which would give consumers and businesses more reason to spend money before its value declined and help energize the economy.
"The pace of recovery in output and employment continues to be slow," the Fed's policymaking panel, the Federal Open Market Committee, said in a statement. "Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts continue to be depressed."
The Fed usually manages the economy by adjusting short-term interest rates. With those rates already near zero, Fed officials had to dust off a strategy for boosting the economy that debuted during the darkest days of the financial crisis. The Fed plans to create money, essentially out of thin air, and then pump it into the economy by buying Treasury bonds on the open market. These purchases are to be finished by the end of June, the Fed said.
Using this technique, called "quantitative easing," the Fed bought more than $1.7 trillion in securities during the financial crisis and in its immediate aftermath. The central bank's holdings jumped to their current level of $2.3 trillion, and the figure will approach $3 trillion when the new purchases are complete. This new wave of bond buying is a dramatic turnabout for an institution that just six months ago, amid a false spring in the economy, was weighing how it would begin unloading all the securities it had purchased.
The Fed action, which is aimed in part at making it cheaper for Americans to take out mortgages and for businesses to borrow money to expand, influenced the market even before the steps were formally unveiled. Average mortgage rates had already fallen from 4.5 percent for a 30-year fixed-rate loan over the summer, when Fed officials first said they were considering new steps, to 4.2 percent last week.
The stock market, meanwhile, moved higher and the value of the dollar declined over the past two months in anticipation of the central bank's action.
"This approach eased financial conditions in the past and, so far, looks to be effective again," Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke wrote in a Washington Post opinion article published Thursday. "Stock prices rose and long-term interest rates fell when investors began to anticipate this additional action. . . . Increased spending will lead to higher incomes and profits that, in a virtuous circle, will support economic expansion."
On Wednesday, interest rates edged up after the announcement, signaling that some investors had expected the Fed to announce a larger volume of purchases.
Mortgage and other interest rates could again decline in the coming months if the economy weakens and the Fed expands its purchases further. But those rates could just as easily increase if the economy starts picking up and the Fed ends its purchases as scheduled, or perhaps curtails them sooner. The action might also be suspended or scaled back if inflation spikes to dangerous levels.
NissanFest 2016 [Part 1] Car Show & Parking Lot Photos
NorthwestNissan's 2016 event NissanFest kicked off with light overcast and GOOD VIBES! As drivers were rolling into the pits, I waited for the car show cars to show up. I wasn't able to get auto-x photos, I'll have to link to auto-x photos if I see them surface! 🙁 However during the morning I spent time taking photos of the NissanFest car show and parking lot! Part 2 will cover the tandem & open drift! Stay tuned!
To kick off the list of featured cars I wanted to show off what Brandon Schmidt and Nick Shtyrin teamed up to form Red Army Drift Team! For those of you that haven't been hanging out at the track over the winter, these two have been hard at work forging their battalion. Follow Nickel Automotive LTD, Schmidt and Shtyrin on IG: @thejdmgod @nickelautomotive #RedArmyDriftTeam
Dido @rbhero_ rolled out their beautiful Midnight Purple 180sx. I love seeing the Canadian's come down to visit, they always have super clean builds. Good Vibes crew showed up in numbers! A few parked in the car show, others in the paid parking.
I was kind of bummed out that these cars were crammed together. I wanted to get better shots of the wheels but with all the people crowded together and the spacing, I could only really get these nose shots.
Justin Nigro is always telling me about this guy, Jordan Dimoff @Lowrize_ on IG. I've seen photos of this car circulating the Tumblrsphere instantly fell in love with it. I feel like my photos don't do it justice, so do some Insta-creeping to peep their car.
DeathSquad's very own Anthony Bell brought out the Laurel, battle tested, violent approved! I think this is the first time I've seen their Laurel in person, I love their setup! The Candian's are so lucky with their import laws!@llebynohtna peep their IG!
Saw a teaser video going viral on the FB and IG last week, I had to reblog it to get the word out. Michael Weiner @final.round threw together a video for the Riot Factory crew. This Nissan Cefiro, owned by Chip! Follow them on @riot_factory_drift
If you haven't seen this car lurking about the drift & car show events, let me get you up to speed… Manuel Guzman has been turning heads in the stance scene the past year. What I love about this build is it functions, he's actually taken it out to slide, granted they would rather slide it with a cheaper set of wheels than risk dinging up these Work Wheels. I really wanna get action shots of their car, one of these days! Peep their build on IG: @_ManuelGuz
Frank Moreno out of Snohomish WA rolled in, their 350Z has to be the most widely recognized Z in the PNW. Big ups to the Legacy crew, and props to Moreno for always making these big events.
Joey's 370Z keeping everyones jaws on the floor, peep their build @jowee206_agwheels
Destroy's Aaron Leavitt hard parked out in front of the grand stands. I spoke to them briefly and they mentioned that he's got a streetable tune but is working on ironing out a tune for the track. During the off-season, their turner ran into a few gremlins that popped their motor. Best of luck Aaron, hope to see you out there ripping with maximum throttle! IG: @sidewayshatch
Destroy's Josh Mcgahuey came out to hang with Leavitt, first time I've seen their car in person! I can't wait to see the full Destroy team out in numbers. Hope to see them at Final Bout West! IG: @pitbulldrifter
Parmvir @pumanater24 in the blue Kouki Monster premiering the Dream Chaser livery! I love the specs of their Weds, maybe some day I'll throw a set on my s13!
Managed to catch Seth Hunt rolling into the car show as I walked over to the parking lot. It's been a while since I've seen their car and I've been hoping to catch a few action shots of their car out on the track. It looks like they updated their rear end <3 IG: @SethHunt01
This S13 Silvia was down right THE Showstopper of the day! Michael Welborn, based out of Oregon, showed up to showcase their Silvia build. Check out their IG for more details behind their build @belikemike52 I'm hoping to see this out on the track real soon!
More event coverage can be seen on our Facebook Page! Part 2 of NissanFest coverage will be posted this week, which will include Team Tandem competition and a few of my favorites from the #NissanFest Open Drift! Below you will find Part 1 Car Show & Parking Lot Photos! Please be sure to tag us or give us a shoutout when you share these out! #NissanPacific and we'll find you at local events!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Cloud Nothings's songwriter and at one time only member, Dylan Baldi has made the claim in interviews that their latest album, Attack on Memory, felt like such a departure from their earlier, lo-fi static-pop sound that they considered recording under an entirely new name. Dylan's right that Attack on Memory marks a shift in style for Cloud Nothings, but he's wrong to claim that this is a complete departure from their first two full length releases. A shadow of doubt and remorse hangs over the album, and while Attack on Memory's darker themes leads to a rearrangement in sonic textures, ultimately Dylan's ear for a catchy riff or a snaking guitar line makes it clear that Attack on Memory was written by the same artist who penned the bouncy "Understand at All."
The opening track, "No Future/No Past," attempts to strike a clear demarcation between Attack on Memory and Dylan's earlier four track bedroom recordings. The song, a slow marching dirge, builds from a whisper to a throat searing scream, and it helps from the atmosphere of the rest of the album. But despite this new approach, Dylan can't help but write some surprisingly catchy tunes. Sure, he's traded in much of their nasally delivery for a scream that seems to start and stop in their trachea, but underneath the self-torment lies a talented songwriter. In fact, a couple of the songs, such as "Fall In" and "Stay Useless," could easily have slid into one of their earlier albums without causing much disruption.
Attack on Memory relies on two elements to truly differentiate itself from Cloud Nothings's first two full lengths: a full band and Steve Albini's production. The centerpiece of the entire album, the nearly nine-minute long "Wasted Days," could never have been pulled off as a bedroom recording. The song's energy depends on multiple guitar dynamics and clear shifts from one movement to the other. This fuller sound is only enhanced by Albini's steel hard production sound. Albini is famous for their hands-off approach to producing, allowing the sound of their studio to do all the work for him. Like Bruce Lee, they rely on the "style of no style." And here much of the album feels as if it were recording in an ancient cave, the band surrounded by long forgotten glyphs. And what better environment for Dylan's intonation of easy self-disgust. At times the album recalls Albini's most famous production work, Nirvana's In Utero. And while Dylan doesn't have Cobain's gift for layers of irony and somersaulting wordplay, they take advantage of Albini's skills to evoke elemental feelings of anger and distrust that can be found in the common 20-year-old American male.
By: Roshawn Watson
An article was circulated last week where the author lamented losing the leverage benefit of having a home mortgage; they paid off their mortgage in less than 2 years and regrets their decision. They wish they would have invested the money instead, so it would have doubled like their other investments. Now, from my few interactions with the author, they really seems like an insightful guy who has done some wonderful things in their former career and currently as a money coach. I'm also a subscriber and a personal fan of the blog that it was published on, so I have some inherit bias. Nonetheless, my reason for writing this post is simply to provide you with a counter-perspective: home mortgage leverage sucks!
I Would Have Paid Off My Mortgage Rather Than Invest More Because Opportunity Costs Are Part of The Costs Of Doing Business
Barb Friedberg 4 Things To Stop Doing With Your Finances Rich Dad, Poor Dad, which is “Mind Your Own Business,” there is a powerful and relevant takeaway: since your household finances are your business, there will likely be some opportunity costs necessary in order to ensure sustainability. Thus, these lost opportunities are indeed expected in most healthy businesses, including your household. This is the very same reason it is pointless to bemoan maintaining an adequate emergency fund (EF). Yes, it is true, keeping an EF means you forgo the opportunity to put those dollars to work (i.e. in the market), but the EF also provides you a better foundation to withstand the storm. made a particularly insightful comment on. They wrote that it's important to “ignore sunk costs,” as they are “part of doing business.” With that framework coupled with one of the most important lessons inwhich is “Mind Your Own Business,” there is a powerful and relevant takeaway: since your household finances are your business, there will likely be some opportunity costs necessary in order to ensure sustainability. Thus, these lost opportunities areexpected in most healthy businesses, including your household. This is the very same reason it is pointless to bemoan maintaining an adequate emergency fund (EF). Yes, it is true, keeping an EF means you forgo the opportunity to put those dollars to work (i.e. in the market), but the EF also provides you a better foundation to withstand the storm.
I Would Have Paid Off My Mortgage Rather Than Invest More Because I Consider Risks When I Compare Returns
Margin Call If you are going to use a hypothetical scenario as a basis to justify keeping a mortgage so that you can invest more aggressively, then why wouldn't you incorporate the risks associated with indebtedness into the model? It's only fair because a paid off home is inherently less risky than a mortgaged home. Without a mortgage, there's less concern for foreclosure, fewer issues with cash flow, significantly more money to invest, etc. Thus, financially speaking, risk matters, so it should be mathematically accounted for (i.e., a risk-adjusted rate of return). That's certainly how insurance companies do business, and they don't lose money. It's a numbers game, while one policy may be “costly,” in aggregate, there are thousands more policies that more than make up for the few times the insurance company pays in excess of the premiums they take in for any given policy. Additionally, this is why companies have risk management divisions (for a great movie example of how important Risk Management is to a business, watch the new movie). Properly accounting for risks means that one would have to downwardly adjust the rate of return if they or they chose to keep a mortgage so that they could invest more. This isn't pessimism as much as it is due diligence. Eighty percent of families WILL have a major financial expenditure within the next 10 years. Now, imagine the risks incurred by keeping that mortgage for 30 years. A plan that only works if everything works out well, is not much of a plan anyway.
I Would Have Paid Off My Mortgage Rather Than Invest More Aggressively Because I Don't Know the Future
There's an old saying that if you want to be rich, figure out where everyone is trying to go, and get there first.
Depending on when you run the numbers, the market could have easily been significantly up or down. This lack of reproducibility is perhaps the biggest limitation of using a single case study to substantiate a point, such as using mortgage leverage to invest more aggressively. There's a preponderance of evidence suggesting decreasing your debt-to-income ratio will improve your overall financial health, but is there solid data supporting short-term speculation in growth stocks? Moreover, any perceived advantage obtained using debt as leverage is often mitigated once risk and taxes are accounted for.
I would also argue the market is getting hard to predict, as the volatility index has increased in recent years. The cyclical and volatile nature of the market are the reasons investments are for the long-term. It's always easy to say in hindsight that if I had invested in stock XYZ, I would have tripled my money. That doesn't mean that it was a mistake to avoid stock XYZ. Your total financial picture is relevant because you don't know what stock XYZ will do, and it is your responsibility to allocate your resources to the best of your ability. You may suspect outcomes and be armed with your best data, but in the end, there's no certainty about stock XYZ's future performance. In contrast, one could say with certainty that nearly all homes that are foreclosed on have a mortgage (or at least a lien).
financial stress Being clear about what I do and do not know, my values, and whatI do not want in my life makes paying off the mortgage an easy choice for me.
Other Considerations
If your cash flow is large enough that you can eliminate a pay off your entire mortgage in less than two years, 1) the mortgage likely represented a small part of your financial world and 2) since the mortgage payoff period is relatively short, you have a long time to financially recover from the alleged “mistake,” assuming your income doesn't decline. During this recovery period, you can invest mortgage free! The “mistake” paying off one's mortgage is easily rectifiable. If you want a mortgage on a paid off home in a nice area, there are plenty of bankers who would be more than willing to oblige. While you did miss a bull market or two, there's surely another one coming alone. There's no guarantee that the money used to pay off the mortgage would have gone into investments anyway. While we have the best intentions, sometimes having an unrealistic goal
Closing Thoughts
In summation, regardless of whether you are a traditional worker, self-employed, or a business owner, you are in business for yourself. Minding your own business doesn't just mean investing for growth, it also means controlling risks, including debt. Leveraging yourself for the next 30 years, which for most people represents 25-33% of their income, is a decision that has serious financial implications. In fact, housing expenses of those with mortgages are approximately 3.5 times the expenses of those without mortgages; that affects opportunity too!There's a reason it's emotionally difficult to go from a paid off home to a mortgaged home with a volatile portfolio. Your heart is leading you to prosperity and safety. Are you listening?
Where the turf meets the surf meets a toke?
The Del Mar Fairgrounds has inked a contract for its first-ever cannabis festival — and the largest by far ever in San Diego County.
As many as 6,000 people are expected for the Sept. 23 event, which organizers are calling the Goodlife Festival. Attendance will be limited to age 21 and up. No sale, sampling or “gifting” of THC products will be allowed, but attendees will be able to bring their own marijuana to consume in designated areas. Goodlife will allow the sale of cannibidol and hemp, both of which lack THC's psychoactive punch.
The festival is the brainchild of Lawrence Bame of Westward Expos, which has put on home and garden shows at the fairgrounds for more than 30 years. He's been percolating the idea for a cannabis festival for the past five years, but passage of Proposition 64 in November, which legalized recreational marijuana, was the turning point they needed to move forward.
“It's the new dawn,” Bame said. “This has been a long, long process. Nobody took this lightly.”
Unlike Los Angeles, the Bay Area and other canna-friendly jurisdictions, cannabis gatherings in San Diego have been limited to events such as the San Diego Cannabis Farmers Market and LocalSesh —discretely promoted affairs in rented-out venues with a few hundred attendees. (A cannabis trade expo at the San Diego Convention Center in August did not allow marijuana on site.)
But with the visibility that comes with as high profile a venue as the Del Mar Fairgrounds, San Diego's cannabis activists are hailing Goodlife as their movement's coming-out party.
“This will be the biggest show at the most prestigious location in all of San Diego County,” one organizer said. “It's our time to shine. If you look everywhere else, they have their cannabis festivals. But what's going on in San Diego? Not much. This is the next step up for San Diego. Definitely a watershed moment. After this it's going to be so mainstream it's not even funny.”
Cities across North County have clamped down on cannabis as much as state law allows, uniformly barring dispensaries and grow operations. But because the fairgrounds is state-owned, city and county officials are powerless to resist. So for one day, at least, Del Mar will be an oasis of pot-tolerance.
Cannabis events have sparked controversy in even the pot-friendliest of places. In Denver, Seattle, San Jose and Los Angeles, local officials and venue owners have shunned the gatherings, forcing organizers to look farther and farther afield.
The purge in Los Angeles last year fanned promoters out into the dusty hinterlands in search of somewhere to put down stakes. One of those refuges has been the San Bernardino County fairgrounds. Until last spring, the 87-acre facility had never hosted a cannabis event, and their arrival whipped the surrounding towns — known as the High Desert — into a fever pitch.
Tempers there flared in the run-up to the fairgrounds' second cannabis event, the three-day Chalice California festival in July, which billed itself as “the biggest hash festival in America.” The Victorville City Council called on fairground managers to cancel Chalice and bar any other cannabis event. The fair board responded by adding more events to the calendar. One of the board members resigned their seat in protest.
The 22nd District Agricultural Association Board of Directors, which runs the Del Mar Fairgrounds, does not appear to have been aware that the deal had been inked for the Goodlife Festival. Board president Russ Penniman was unavailable for comment on Monday afternoon. Board member Frederick Schenk said the board does not hear about events this far in advance.
“I'm not educated enough on the issue to have a position,” they said. “Between now and September, I'm sure that the board will become much more aware.”
When asked about the festival Monday night, May 1, the Del Mar City Council was caught unaware. Councilman Dwight Worden said they want to “look into it a little bit.”
“What they're doing is now legal; they have a right to be there,” they said, before acknowledging that the council's influence over the fairgrounds is “limited at best.”
The Del Mar version will be far smaller than cannabis festivals held at other state fairgrounds. Whereas more than 100,000 people took over most of the San Bernardino fairgrounds for the Chalice festival, the Goodlife Festival will be limited to the paddock area. Tim Fennell, CEO and general manager of the 22nd District Agricultural Association Board of Directors, said any concerns they may have had were put to rest after talking with their counterparts elsewhere in the state.
“The voters voted, it's legal and we're a public entity,” Fennell said. “It'd be hard to deny somebody like Lawrence access to a public facility. Other DAA's have been doing it for years legally. How would I deny this?”
Bame is partnering with an array of local cannabis promoters and entrepreneurs to plan Goodlife's schedule of exhibits, entertainment and seminars. Doctors will be on site to speak in panels and to give evaluations for medical marijuana cards.
A large part of Goodlife's rationale, Bame said, is to reach a wider — and older — demographic that is proving to be the fastest-growing group of cannabis users.
“We want to make sure we're not just hitting the typical stoners,” said one of their partner organizers, who declined to be identified. “There's those old folks in Del Mar who are going to see this and will want to come down to check it out, to learn what we're all about, so we're going to mainly go after them. Our focus is not going to be the typical festivals like High Times or Chalice. This is going to be a cool little hybrid with music and educational components.”
And already, Bame is prepared for the inevitable backlash.
“If this gives people anxiety, maybe they should consider medicating with cannabis,” they said. “The reality is that cannabis is legal in the state of California, end of subject. There's rules and regulations and whatnot, and we intend to follow all of them. If people have political or other objections, they can have those objections. But I think that train already left the station.”
Montes writes for U-T Community Press
|PIC1|“My staff tried to get me to start using Twitter to communicate three years ago (when it launched July '06) but it seemed like a narcissistic time waster to me,” Warren informed their network of pastors Sunday.“But recently John Piper and I preached a funeral together and I saw John's article on why they use Twitter for ministry. It made sense, so I started an account this week,” they added.In the June 3 article by John Piper, the popular preaching pastor highlighted the two kinds of responses they had seen to social internet media such as blogging, MySpace, Facebook, and Twitter."One says: These media tend to shorten attention spans, weaken discursive reasoning, lure people away from Scripture and prayer, disembody relationships, feed the fires of narcissism, cater to the craving for attention, fill the world with drivel, shrink the soul's capacity for greatness, and make us second-handers who comment on life when we ought to be living it. So boycott them and write books (not blogs) about the problem," Piper wrote."The other response says: Yes, there is truth in all of that, but instead of boycotting, try to fill these media with as much provocative, reasonable, Bible-saturated, prayerful, relational, Christ-exalting, truth-driven, serious, creative pointers to true greatness as you can," they added.Together with their ministry team at Desiring God, Piper decided to "lean" toward the second response, noting that "lean" is different from "leap"."We are aware that the medium tends to shape the message," the pastor noted."But it seems to us that aggressive efforts to saturate a media with the supremacy of God, the truth of Scripture, the glory of Christ, the joy of the Gospel, the insanity of sin, and the radical nature of Christian living is a good choice for some Christians," they added, while acknowledging that they may not be good for all and that some of these media should be abstained from.With this in mind, Piper said they would not be inclined to "tweet" when the cat pulls the curtains down at 10 am, but might tweet a verse from the Bible that such an incident might remind them of.Warren similarly said Sunday that rather than answering the question “What are you doing?” - which they believe is “boring” - they will be using Twitter to share what he's thinking.“You cannot win your enemies to Christ. You can only win your friends. Treat everyone with love, respect, and dignity,” they wrote in one post."Those who waste time attacking perceived faults of others never grow up.Envy & bitterness shrink their hearts.Jn 8:15," Warren wrote in another.Before Warren's first "tweet" was made last Monday, over 5,000 Twitter users were already "following" the Southern California preacher, who catapulted into national prominence with the success of their best-selling bookAs of Sunday night, Warren had over 9,400 followers.
AUGUSTA, Maine — An official with the Department of Health and Human Services has reacted to privacy concerns raised by the Medical Marijuana Caregivers of Maine by accusing the group of “disseminating misinformation and unnecessarily creating fear.”
Dr. Dustin Sulak, one of the leading proponents of medical marijuana in Maine, said they wants to proof their concerns are unfounded.
The state announced earlier this week that as of Jan. 1, 2015, medical professionals who certify patients for the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Program must complete the process using a new online registration tool run by a vendor called InforMe, a public-private partnership that already designs, builds and maintains the state's website.
Kenneth Albert, director of the Maine Division of Licensing and Regulatory Services, said the new system is being implemented through a third-party vendor in part to satisfy a new law that requires the collection of patients' ZIP codes and whether they are at least 18 years old. The new system is also intended to make it more difficult to fraudulently duplicate patient certification cards.
However, the online process requires doctors to enter the patient's name, address, birth date and other personal information, which is why caregivers and doctors are concerned about safety.
“At this point, I'm awaiting proof that the new system protects patient information and complies with federal health information privacy standards,” Sulak said in a written statement. “I've participated in a demonstration of the new system, which clearly captures sensitive information and transmits it through the Internet. It is my legal and ethical responsibility to ensure my patients' information is safe before I use the new system.”
But Albert says the only reason personal information is entered into the system is to print out the medical marijuana card. After that, they said, the only information stored or transmitted by the system is the issuing physician's name and address, the transaction date, the patient's ZIP code and whether the patient was older than 18. The rest is automatically deleted by the system.
“There is no database associated with the new certification process as has been wrongly asserted by detractors. … Those speaking on behalf of Medical Marijuana Caregivers of Maine know precisely how the new process works and have met and asked questions of the system architects,” Albert said. “It has been made very clear to them that there is no database and that the Division of Licensing and Regulatory Services has no interest in capturing patient information. It is alarming that this organization, at this juncture, has chosen a campaign of disseminating misinformation and unnecessarily creating fear for medical marijuana recipients.”
Maine's medical marijuana program, implemented by a citizen-initiated referendum in 2009, has run into controversy over privacy before. In 2010, the Legislature enacted a law requiring patients to register with the state, but that provision was overturned a year later with a bill sponsored by Rep. Deb Sanderson, R-Chelsea, and signed by Gov. Paul LePage.
Hillary Lister, director of the Medical Marijuana Caregivers of Maine, said even if there is no database of patient information kept by the state, she's worried the information still could be compromised.
“With recent data breaches ranging from international companies such as Sony to our own government agencies, the privacy of medical marijuana patients will be put at risk by requiring entry using a new Internet-based portal,” Lister said in a written statement. “The collection of private patient information could also allow federal authorities to have access to patients' information, through court order, similar to what occurred in Oregon in 2012.”
Lister said their organization wants a public rulemaking process in which the medical marijuana community can voice its concerns. Lister said Friday they and others have been engaged with DHHS for months about the implementation of the new system. Some of those discussions were around how the system could generate a digital medical marijuana card on a PDF, on which patients' personal information could be entered by the doctor outside the online system.
“Medical Marijuana Caregivers of Maine has made every effort to communicate these concerns to the department and suggest alternatives that could still allow implementing a more secure certification process,” Lister wrote Friday in an email to the BDN.
DHHS said one benefit of the program is that it will reduce the licensing burden on the state, which currently produces medical marijuana cards on a one-by-one basis based on information provided by doctors. Department officials argue the new computerized system will be even safer than the current system because detailed patient information won't be sent to the state at any point in the process.
It took only ten days for the Samaritans Radar Twitter app to fall from grace. What was initially touted as a revolutionary and positive idea, something that would save lives, became a creepy, privacy invasive tool for stalkers and trolls, potentially in breach of data protection law, and something that distressed and alarmed exactly those people who it purported to help.
Why and how this fall happened has distinct and potentially important implications for the way that we look at Twitter. Some people will be looking on aghast – why should such an innovative idea be destroyed by a bunch of out-of-touch privacy-obsessed keyboard warriors? Others will be thinking that for once things have gone the right way – people have been able to fight and win against something they saw as deeply intrusive. Both sides have their points.
What the Samaritans Radar app was intended to do was relatively simple. If you authorised it, it would scan the tweets of all the people that you followed, perform what appears to have been a fairly crude form of sentiment analysis.
When it found a tweet that appeared to indicate that the tweeter might be having mental health difficulties or feeling suicidal, it would send you an email alerting you to that fact.
The intent was positive: if your friends are feeling vulnerable, you would like to make sure you don't miss one of their tweets, and hence not realise that they might need help. The problems, however, were manifold – starting with the assumption that the people you follow (and hence whose tweets are scanned) are your friends, and conversely that the people who follow you do so with your best interests at heart.
There seemed to be confusion in the app-backers' minds between the Facebook idea of 'friends' and the Twitter concept of following – as well as a general sense that it's 'OK' to analyse and process everyone's tweets because tweets are 'public'. That, in some ways, is the crux of the matter – and why the fall of the Samaritans Radar app has huge potential ramifications.
The Samaritans Radar app was launched with some fanfare on 29th October 2014 with generally positive press coverage, but the reaction on Twitter itself was very different. The overwhelming majority of tweets on the #SamaritansRadar hashtag were very negative.
Many people didn't like the idea of their tweets being scanned. They were aware that they weren't being asked for their consent to have their tweets scanned. Others recognised immediately how the app could be used by stalkers and trolls to find out when their potential victims were vulnerable and to immediately target them with more abuse.
Vulnerable people felt more vulnerable – but the community reaction was remarkable both in its swiftness and its power.
The first reaction came from what might loosely be called the 'mental health community' on Twitter – people who have experience of mental health issues, people who work in mental health, people with friends or relatives in those positions. But it soon spread as those people brought in experts in many different aspects of the story.
The campaign grew, including a vast number of blog posts, interviews and articles in the mainstream and online media, an online petition and more. There were legal objections – the app seemed certain to process sensitive personal data without any consent, but even the Samaritans weren't clear who the data controller would be – as well as practical and ethical ones.
The campaign was strong and sustained – and on the 7th November, just ten days after the launch, the Samaritans suspended the app, pending further review. It is hard to imagine, given the weight and breadth of the objections, that it will reappear in a similar form.
Inside The Vacant Caverns Of St. Louis' Other Beer Baron
Anheuser-Busch managed to survive Prohibition by diversifying, while its nearby competitor in St. Louis, Lemp Brewery, failed. But Lemp's legacy remains in the caves where it used to chill its beer.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
The fact that the name Anheuser-Busch is still in use at all is a tribute to its old owners, the Busch family. When August Busch Jr. addressed the American people by radio in 1933, they personified a remarkable piece of corporate survival - the survival of 13 years of prohibition.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
AUGUST BUSCH JR.: April the 7 is here, and it's a real occasion for thankfulness, marking newfound freedom for the American people, made possible by the wisdom, foresight and courage of a great president, with the corporation of an understanding Congress. There is a song in our hearts. Happy days are here again.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: This Bud's for you.
UNIDENTIFIED CHOIR: (Singing) This Bud's for you.
SIEGEL: It took a clever brewer to survive the national ban on alcohol. From the start, the Busch family had acted with confidence that it would outlast the 18th Amendment. They diversified into soft drinks and refrigerated railroad cars. They brewed low-alcohol beer and Budweiser barley malt syrup. More on that in a moment. I saw one measure of Anheuser-Busch's cleverness. I saw what happened to the local competition that wasn't so confident or clever.
Let your Gothic imagination run wild. We are deep underground in dank caves and basements that could be the set of a horror movie. Not far from Anheuser-Busch headquarters in St. Louis is where the Lemp family used to brew Falstaff beer. And last year, we were given a rare tour of the caves and chambers underneath the complex which hasn't produced beer since Prohibition began. Before artificial regeneration, this is where lager beer was kept chilled.
SHASHI PALAMAND: So we're headed into the third basement of building five, which is the oldest building in the complex and was used, basically, for the heart of the operation, which was the actual brewing of the beer.
SIEGEL: Shashi Palamand is the current owner of what's left of the Lemp Brewery complex - 23 buildings. The place has been shut down since the family gave up brewing. In 1922, the president, William J. Lemp Jr., shot and killed himself. Lemp's father had shot themselves 18 years earlier. Their sister shot herself, and years later, their brother would do the same. In the years before Prohibition, the Lemp's were among the richest beer barons in St. Louis.
PALAMAND: So these are the old lagering chambers. This area we're in was part of the natural caves but has been heavily modified.
SIEGEL: These are virtually semi-circular chambers that run down - oh, my gosh - it must be 40 yards or so.
PALAMAND: Barrel vault - that's the best way to describe them.
SIEGEL: The Lemps even turned one part of a cave right under their mansion into a luxurious recreation center.
PALAMAND: This was a natural chamber that was converted into a theater for entertainment of the Lemp family and their friends. There's a door in the back there you can see, and that led to a spiral staircase that goes to the surface, which was the location of the first Lemp mansion. And back in the days when there was really no air conditioning in houses, the Lemp family, I'm sure, entertained the high-powered people of St. Louis and decided to - after their dinner, perhaps - to retire to this nice and cool chamber. And they would have plays down here. And you can see the evidence of the lights - the old light fixtures here. And the debris you see is actually not debris. It was old sets.
SIEGEL: The Lemp Brewery ended up looking like a maze of vacant catacombs under a mansion that the locals declared haunted. Meanwhile, Budweiser became a national favorite. One especially shrewd piece of diversification by Anheuser-Busch was that corn malt syrup. It was sold together with baker's yeast, and the label said this. Warning - do not add the yeast to the other ingredients or risk fermentation. Needless to say, many took the warning for exactly what it was - instructions to brew your own. And needless to say, it sold well and helped keep Anheuser-Busch in business until Prohibition was over.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
World famous pizza restaurant Gino's East will open its first location outside of the Chicago area on Thursday in The Woodlands. With the Houston area buzzing about the imminent arrivial, I joined an invite-only friends and family preview. Amidst a quarter full restaurant of locals checking out the new arrival, our group of three sampled some of the menu items to answer the all important question: Is this pizza worth the 40-minute drive from downtown Houston?
Based on two appetizers, a sandwich and two deep dish pizzas, I say yes. While I can't say how it compares to the Chicago original, Gino's already delivers a hearty, satisfying pie.
We particularly enjoyed the signature Chicago fire that features a layer of spicy sausage and generous amount of roasted red peppers. The heat balances out the somewhat sweet tomato sauce that's generously ladled over the toppings. BBQ Brisket Za is designed to appeal to Texans, but we were split on the combination of sweet barbecue sauce with caramelized onions and tomato sauce.
Due to that thickness, pizzas take 45 minutes to an hour to bake.
In addition to being thicker than standard Italian pies, Gino's dough, which is made fresh at the restaurant each day and proofed in a pizza pan prior to baking, has a more crumbly texture than traditional Italian dough. The thick, doughy slices are incredibly filling; two each was our limit.
Due to that thickness, pizzas take 45 minutes to an hour to bake. Best bet is to read the menu beforehand and select a favorite or two. Ordering them with your drinks will give you time to order and sample appetizers.
Of the appetizers, the best were the spinach and mozzarella sticks followed by the crispy Brussels sprouts with bacon. Mozzarella sticks can be pretty bland, but the spinach adds a welcome additional component that complements the cheese and crispy batter. Showing that the kitchen is still finding its groove, calamari arrived room temperature. Given the amount of food we sampled, the signature brisket nachos would have to wait until another time.
The interior is pretty standard pizza joint. A marquee with the restaurant's name in lights hangs over the bar. Wooden tables are covered with red and white checkered tableclothes. Large flatscreen TVs hang from walls and ceilings: Eight in the bar, four in each of the adjacent dining rooms. An all '80s soundtrack played along at a level loud enough to notice the songs but not so much as to intrude on conversation.
Our server was still learning the fine points of the menu, but their enthusiasm and good humor compensated for any shortcomings. Having already gone through training, they were able to express likes and dislikes about specific dishes and make recommendations.
A final verdict will have to wait until I have the chance to visit the restaurant when it's open and full of diners. Still, today shows that Gino's has a lot of potential.
Chicago ex-pats and pizza fans alike will want to make the drive north to check out the newcomer.
A YOUNG mum turned BLACK after their GP failed to spot a life-threatening illness which could kill them by the age of 30.
The family of Louise Grimshaw, 20, say a doctor failed to spot signs of the rare Addison's Disease, despite their father having to carry them into the Leigh surgery as they couldn't walk.
Them family was told to “take their home and feed them up” but now say they have as little as nine years left to live and an urgent heart transplant is their only chance of survival.
The GP has been rapped by the General Medical Council who said they failed to carry out an adequate examination.
Louise's mum, Sharon, 54, said: “She was basically dying before our eyes. They were completely black. If the doctors had diagnosed them when their dad carried them in that day the disease wouldn't have gone to their heart. They have had to learn to walk, talk and swallow again. Them whole life has been ruined, it's devastating.
“Her kidneys and liver have been able to correct themselves but they can't fix their heart so now they need a heart transplant.”
Louise, mum to three-year-old Amelia, first visited their GP at Leigh Family Practice, after becoming weak - a classic symptom of the condition. But instead of tests being done to determine a diagnosis, they were told to take salt tablets.
They visited the doctors on five separate occasions in June and July last year, and dropped to five stone in weight, before turning completely black.
The day after they last attended their GP, Louise collapsed after their liver and kidneys started to shut down and the disease began to attack them heart.
They were taken to Warrington Hospital where they were diagnosed with Addison's disease, a disorder that occurs when the body produces insufficient amounts of certain hormones in the adrenal glands.
They were put in intensive care for a week and transferred to Wythenshawe Hospital, where they spent nine weeks in critical intensive care and had six separate operations.
Them mum and dad Gordon were told they had a 40 per cent chance of survival.
Sharon said: “It's been a complete nightmare. What's worst is that it could have been completely avoided.
“If they had just taken a proper look at them and listened to our concerns, they could have been completely treated.
“Instead they face losing their lives, and Amelia faces growing up without a mother.”
Louise, who lives with their partner John Thompson, 21, in Newton-le-Willows, has now had a L-Vad pump put into their heart, a mechanical device to help it beat.
“However they can only be on the device for 10 years and has already been on it a
year.
“The family are now waiting to hear if they can be put on the transplant list.
Them case was referred to the General Medical Council who concluded that a doctor at the practice had failed to spot that they had Addison's.
Since being installed in May 2013, the bicycle counter in front of Twitter headquarters on Market Street has recorded more than one million trips.
Since being installed in May 2013, the bicycle counter in front of Twitter headquarters on Market Street has recorded more than one million trips.
The Market Street bike counter has hit a milestone with more than one million bicyclists passing by this year.
As of Dec. 16, the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency said the bike counter, located on eastbound Market Street between Ninth and 10th streets, had tallied 1,036,822 bike trips. The counter has been in place since May 2013.
The bike counter tallied the on millionth sometime on Dec. 2 around 9 a.m.
The number of bike trips this year tallied by the bike counter has already surpassed last year's total of 850,188 trips, a 22 percent increase, the SFMTA said.
As more people are biking in San Francisco, the transit agency said this year that it completed eight miles of new or upgraded bikeways throughout the City.
SFMTA Director of Transportation Ed Reiskin said in a statement that since 2012, the transit agency has built 40 miles of bikeway in The City:
“That work might not always be easy or popular, but the 1 millionth bike trip logged by the Market Street counter is a real reminder for us all. There are growing numbers of everyday people who are riding their bikes in San Francisco and they deserve safe streets to bike on.”
The transit agency said the projects are in support of The City's Vision Zero goal to end all traffic deaths by 2024.
Some of the work completed in 2015 includes the Judah Street bike lanes, Market Street raised bikeway demonstration, Polk Street bike lanes and Folsom Street bike lanes, the transit agency said.
The SFMTA also said it exceeded its yearly goal of installing 500 bike parking racks. This year, the transit agency installed 840 throughout The City.
Anyone interested in the daily bike counts can visit the Market Street data counter online.
Moving to a new country and adjusting to the cuisine and customs is difficult for anyone. Moving to a new country and suddenly seeing people wearing shirts that say things like "I am a whore"... well, nobody ever warns you about that, do they?
A photographer living in Shanghai certainly wasn't expecting that particular kind of culture shock, so they took to Bored Panda after creating the @ShanghaiObserved Instagram to document all the "ridiculous things" they saw in China. (For more, check out our interview with the person behind the account).
These shirts definitely make a statement, but it's safe to say that the Chinese fashionistas wearing them probably don't know just what kind of statement they're making.
READ MORE: Why Chinese Designers Pick English Words for T-Shirts
1. It's actually a cute outfit though...
2. This little girl was probably the star of their class picture.
3. Something tells us they know exactly what that shirt says.
4. Even the fish behind them are shocked.
5. This guy's grocery shopping trip took a weird turn.
6. Always good to have perspective.
7. The hard truth.
8. Okay, it's not a t-shirt, but:
9. No lies detected.
10. Fact.
11. But it's whats on the outside that matters.
12. The best kind of style.
13. Cold.
14. Don't we all?
15. Perfect for the playground!
16. We're loving Nike's bold new direction...
17. Special Announcement:
18. They wear their emotions on their sleeves.
19. No shame.
20. We're sensing a theme here...
Yes, it's also not a t-shirt.
[All images used with permission of @ShanghaiObserved on Instagram]
For more, read our interview with the photographer behind @ShanghaiObserved.
In Shanghai? Check out @ShanghaiObserved's works on Saturday, November 18 starting from 7pm at XIME. See event listing here.
On September 26th, at 9 P.M., Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump walked onto the stage at Hofstra University, in Hempstead, Long Island, for the first of three scheduled debates. That day was Clinton's polling nadir. They had fallen, precipitously, from a nearly ninety per cent lock, as predicted by FiveThirtyEight, to a less than fifty-five per cent chance of winning the Presidency. Trump had the momentum. A cough or a slip—of the tongue or the foot—might have done Clinton in, and more than eighty million viewers, eager to see what would happen in this most unpredictable of elections, tuned in for the most-watched Presidential debate in history.
As it happens, that evening offered something of a perfect natural experiment into how the people who manage the world's money view the two candidates. The economists Justin Wolfers and Eric Zitzewitz studied how investors around the world reacted, moment by moment, during a debate in which Trump came out strong and then collapsed. The results were clear: investors believe that Trump would make us considerably poorer and fill our lives with far more risk.
In general, you should be skeptical of pundits who try to explain how “the market” reacts to some event or other. Statements on the news like “The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell two per cent today in late trading because of rising concerns about a decrease in factory orders” are pretty much meaningless. Many investors are making billions of decisions for many different reasons, which means it's often impossible to tease out some explanatory narrative from the mess of data (though reporters certainly try).
There are rare moments, though, when the reasons for market movements can be teased out. Wolfers and Zitzewitz realized that the September 26th debate was one of them. The time of the debate, 9 P.M. to 10:30 P.M., Eastern Daylight Time, is about as quiet as global financial markets ever get, with stock markets closed in the U.S. and Europe and not yet open in much of Asia. This means that the chaotic screaming that drowns out analysis during trading hours has quieted to a gentle hum of those few people still sitting at their computers buying and selling stocks, bonds, and currencies. What trading does occur is more likely to be a result of a specific, identifiable event.
Wolfers, of the University of Michigan, and Zitzewitz, from Dartmouth, have worked together for more than a decade building a model to understand what financial-market movements can tell us about the economic impact of specific events. Neither of them is especially interested in the value of stocks and other financial products; they want to understand how the economy will function, over all, for everybody. But the stock and currency markets can be helpful. Unlike polls and surveys, these markets are continuous and require participants to put their money at risk.
During the debate, Wolfers and Zitzewitz found particular clarity in the trading of S. & P. 500 futures, which are bets on how the stock market will perform in the future, a helpful guide to relative optimism or pessimism. The price of these futures fell right before the debate began—when Trump's poll numbers were surging—a sign, it seems, that traders believed a Trump victory would lower the value of their stocks. Those futures stayed put as the debate began. The market was holding its breath during those first moments when Trump seemed to be unusually focussed and cogent. Soon, however, Trump began to unravel, Clinton was literally dancing with glee, and the price of S. & P. 500 futures shot upward. It rose in steps. Trump admitted to not paying taxes and, boom, the price of futures rose. Trump garbled an answer about cybersecurity (in which they referred to “the cyber” and their ten-year-old son) and the futures rose, again. In total, over the course of the debate, the price of the futures rose 0.71 per cent, which, in the market, is an enormous increase in so short a period of time. (It was only matched once in recent memory, on the downside, during the disastrous “flash crash” of 2010.) Investors were betting Trump's chances of being elected had fallen significantly, and that prediction gave them hope for their investments.
Wolfers and Zitzewitz found similarly large moves in several other global markets. Mexican peso futures, a bet on the economic health of that nation, gained two per cent in value; U.S. Treasury bonds fell in price, which is a sign of greater confidence in the U.S. government; futures bets on the stock markets of the U.K., Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, and Singapore all rose in lockstep. One of the most interesting findings was a study of the VIX futures, an index designed to measure how much uncertainty and volatility investors expect to see in the coming months. Sure enough, as Trump's performance collapsed, those markets priced in far more stability.
Over all, the analysis by Wolfers and Zitzewitz suggested that if Clinton wins the election, stock-market value in the U.S. and around the world would be more than ten per cent higher than it would be in a Trump Presidency. This is unusual in at least two ways. There is a larger-than-usual disparity between the market's sentiment toward the two candidates, and this is the first time in memory that the markets seemed to prefer the Democratic Party candidate. (Wolfers is a Democrat, and their partner, Betsey Stevenson, served on President Obama's Council of Economic Advisers.)
In the first Presidential debate of 2012, for example, when Mitt Romney had a strong debate, investors were thrilled, and sent S. & P. 500 futures considerably higher. On the evening of the election, when Obama was declared the winner, S. & P. 500 futures fell sharply. That is the typical pattern. Republicans usually promise the sorts of policies that investors like: tax cuts for wealthy people, more employer-friendly rules, and less regulation, the sorts of things that could increase corporate profits and, therefore, stock value. It's important to note that optimism about the stock market doesn't necessarily translate into over-all economic growth or the well-being of all. The stock market might rise because companies find it easier and cheaper to pollute, fire workers, and avoid paying taxes—though all of those might be disastrous for the rest of the country.
Trump has promised American business much of what it wants. They have proposed tax cuts that would, effectively, give trillions of dollars to the rich, an elimination of the Dodd-Frank legislation enacted to regulate Wall Street after the financial crisis, and a severe curtailing of environmental rules. That the markets seem fearful of a Trump Presidency suggests that investors—who trade for profit, not to express political views—believe Trump would so devastate commerce in other ways as to more than erase the gains of whatever pro-corporate policies they would enact.
These results do not imply that the markets love Clinton, who is proposing increased taxes on the wealthy and an expansion of Wall Street regulations. Wolfers told me it's more a sign that they hate them less than they hate Trump. What, precisely, do the markets fear about Trump? Their anti-trade rhetoric is certainly troubling to those who care about stock and currency value; less trade would hurt profits for multinational companies and the currencies of our leading trading partners. Wolfer says that trade is not enough to explain the magnitude of the expected loss of value under a Trump Administration, nor can it explain the increase in uncertainty. They say that the markets express a feeling that so many others have: we have no idea what Trump could do with all the power of the Presidency, but whatever it is it wouldn't be good.
As you no doubt are aware, Furious 7 went further into overdrive this weekend, passing $252 million domestic following a $60m second weekend while scoring massive debuts in China and Russia and elsewhere for a stunning $800m twelve-day worldwide total. Not only has it surpassed the $238m domestic total and $788m worldwide cume of Fast & Furious 6 in under two weeks, it has cemented itself as the zeitgeist movie of the pre-summer season. It won't just be the 20th $1 billion blockbuster, but the James Wan-directed installment has a solid chance of ending up as one of the highest-grossing movies of all time when all is said-and-done. Thanks to audience goodwill regarding the last two entries and the emotional fallout stemming from the death of Paul Walker, Furious 7 hasn't just become an A-level action franchise but arguably THE A-level action franchise as of this moment. And it is partially thanks to the out-of-season release date, which gave the film basically a month of free sailing in America and three weeks over worldwide dominance before Walt Disney's Avengers: Age of Ultron crashes into town. This whole "mega blockbuster scores huge outside of prime blockbuster season" is a relatively new story, but one with more than enough examples of late (The Hunger Games, Gravity, The LEGO Movie, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc.). It's also possibly music to the ears of or potentially grim tidings for Warner Bros. /Time Warner Inc. They have their own mega blockbuster, Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, debuting March 25th, 2016. The insane numbers racked up by Dom and their "super family" is cause for both celebration and concern.
The good news is pretty obvious. Furious 7 proves that a "Spring Break" release can in fact tally up jaw-dropping numbers with the right product. As I discussed way back when Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice moved from July 15th, 2015 to May 6th, 2016 (young man, look at my life...), there were only so many options for dropping such a massive would-be tent pole. There were a number of months that had just-plain never had a blockbuster on a scale required of the Man of Steel sequel, and thus, not wanting to face the uber crowded November/December 2015 slate or dive further into the even more crowded summer 2016 output, a somewhat out-of-season debut ended up being a smart move. And we've already seen at least one other franchise-starter pull in obscene domestic numbers on the same "last weekend in March" slot, as Lions Gate Entertainment debuted The Hunger Games with $152 million towards a $409m domestic total. But said Jennifer Lawrence blockbuster didn't quite do as well overseas, earning just $691m worldwide.
That was great for the $90m young adult fantasy lit actioner, and better than the $668m earned by Man of Steel in summer 2013. But, if $668m worldwide were "good enough" for Man of Steel then Man of Steel 2 wouldn't have been turned into a backdoor Justice League pilot. So Furious 7's massive success in America (it's tracking at over $400m domestic off a $147m debut weekend) and worldwide (it's at $800m worldwide in just twelve days) means that there is potential for the kind of blockbuster that Warner/DC Comics hopes Batman v Superman will be. The bad news is that Furious 7, a film that wasn't necessarily expected to expectations of pulling in mega-numbers, just pulled in mega numbers in the same general release date. While I think we all expected Furious 7 to be one of the biggest movies of the year, I don't think anyone expected a worldwide cume that may flirt with the likes of Iron Man 3 and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part II. So come next year, whatever would-be alibi Warner would have been able to claim regarding the off-season release date.
Moreover, however much Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is going to make next year, there will now be expectations, fair or not, that it will end up over or just under wherever Furious 7 ends up. That may not be fair, apples-and-oranges and all, but that's the way it goes sometimes. Perception is just as important as reality. There is a long list of expensive and relatively successful movies that have ended up on the defensive mostly because an earlier and theoretically smaller release ended up stealing its thunder and/or slightly out grossing it. Usually said films are a month or so apart. Think Twister and Mission: Impossible, Spider-Man and Attack of the Clones, Iron Man and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, or Captain America: The Winter Soldier and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. It stands to reason that Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice may be stuck in a position of having to earn awfully close to whatever Furious 7 earns (to say nothing of Avengers: Age of Ultron) lest it hope that the media powers that be don't arbitrarily crown it a disappointment or a sign of turmoil for the long term DC Comics cinematic universe plans.
It may sound insane that (offhand) a $850 million worldwide total for Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice will put Warner Bros. on the defensive because Furious 7 earned (offhand) $1.3 billion in the same general slot a year ago, but this is an industry where Lionsgate had to defend a $158m debut weekend for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire because certain pundits thought it would be as high as $185m, and where people still think that The Dark Knight Rises would surely have opened to $200m+ absent the tragic Aurora theater shooting that dominated the headlines. And unlike The Hunger Games, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, and Furious 7, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice won't necessarily get to run the tables until summer. DreamWorks Animation's Kung Fu Panda 3 and Lionsgate's The Divergent Series: Allegiant part I opens a weekend before Dawn of Justice (and will be an absolute monster in China), Beverly Hills Cop IV allegedly opens on the same March 25th date (I imagine that won't last), and the rest of April sees films like The Best Man Wedding, Jon Favreau's live-action Jungle Book for Disney, and Universal/Comcast's Chris Hemsworth/Emily Blunt/Charlize Theron prequel The Huntsman.
The bad part of Hollywood realizing the potential of offseason blockbuster debuts is that now everyone is doing it and you don't get the road anymore. The fact that Furious 7 has made an incredible amount of money, $800 million+ worldwide and with an eye on $1 billion+ as of this writing, is great news for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice as it shows the potential and possibility of top-tier blockbuster grosses in that Spring Break release slot. But the fact that Furious 7 may end up among the biggest-grossing movies of all time is potentially troublesome news for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice as it shows that a much-anticipated blockbuster can indeed rack up said grosses in said release date, which puts somewhat of a burden for the superhero sequel to make a genuine run at a similar result. Obviously if the Ben Affleck/Henry Cavill/Gal Gadot superhero adventure actually does pull in "all the money" this will all be irrelevant. But the eye-popping Furious 7 grosses now make said result that-much-more of a necessity in terms of managing perceptions of success and failure. Just because it can be done doesn't mean it will be done every time out. So yes, the box office performance of Furious 7 is the very definition of good news/bad news for Zack Snyder's Man of Steel follow-up next year.
Also on Forbes:
Receiver Paul Richardson's speed stood out as the Seahawks' rookie minicamp began Friday. (AP) | More photos
By Danny O'Neil
RENTON – Paul Richardson's introduction was a quick one.
Then again, would you expect anything else from the third-fastest wide receiver at this year's NFL scouting combine?
And halfway through their first practice as a Seahawk on Friday, Richardson flashed the kind of speed that can drop jaws and buckle knees as they ran first around and then behind the defense for what was the play of the day – a 63-yard touchdown pass from former UW quarterback Keith Price.
“Oh my God,” Price said. “That guy's a blazer.”
So fast, in fact, that coach Pete Carroll needed a second look.
“He looked great on that one,” Carroll said. “I was on the wrong end of the field to be able to see it so I'm anxious to see it on film.”
We now pause for a moment of perspective. It's a rookie minicamp. No pads. No veterans. No pressure. Four years ago, this weekend was a showcase for Golden Tate, another receiver that Seattle chose in the second round, and what was described then as a preview of a breakout rookie season turned out to be more of a tease. Tate was largely a non-factor their first year in town, and in fact, wasn't even active for the regular-season opener.
But chosen with the 45th pick of this year's draft, Richardson was the first of Seattle's nine choices, and while they were skinny as expected, they were also just as speedy.
That was evident right away during an 11-on-11 drill in which Richardson lined up on the outside across from Eric Pinkins, the converted safety Seattle drafted in the sixth round out of San Diego State. Pinkins barely touched Richardson coming off the line – let alone jam them – and Richardson ran right by him. By the time Price released the ball, Richardson had 5 yards of separation.
“I saw one-on-one with him, and kind of let it rip,” Price said.
It was the best play of the day, but not the only one. Kevin Norwood, the receiver Seattle drafted in the fourth round, made an athletic catch over the middle during a practice that did nothing to temper the expectation of a fierce competition to determine the five, maybe six receivers who will make the 53-man roster.
Notes
• OL Garrett Scott, a sixth-round draft pick out of Marshall, was the only one of Seattle's nine draft picks who did not participate in practice. Carroll indicated Scott had yet to pass their physical examination, but did not specify the reason.
• WR Chris Matthews, who played the past two years in the CFL before signing with Seattle, was held out of the workout as they recover from a hamstring injury.
• LB Korey Toomer is a fifth-round pick participating in this rookie minicamp, which is a little weird. After all, they were a fifth-round pick two years ago. Toomer is eligible because they haven't spent time on an active, regular-season roster. They were on the practice squad as a rookie before they were moved to injured reserve with a shoulder injury in 2012. They spent last year on injured reserve with a knee injury.
Toomer looked good during Friday's practice, though, intercepting one pass as they dropped into coverage during 11-on-11 drills.
“He's in great shape,” Carroll said of Toomer. “He's very determined. That's one of the guys that's real exciting to see them have another chance at it.”
I want to start on a positive note. Things I'm excited for in 2014:
New Madeon tracks.
Someone hopefully coming up with an alternative to Facebook pages for building a fanbase.
The Beatport top 10 being inhabited by non-big room house tracks (I know, I dream big).
People raising the production bar even higher! In 2013 the “standard” level for production reached an all-time high as more producers began to release really high quality tracks at levels that were previously only occupied by Noisia. For example, it used to be Noisia > All. It still is IMO, but the gap between Noisia and other top producers has definitely been closed down to become minimal now! I'm looking forward to seeing the boundaries continuing to be pushed this year!
People getting a Beatport release and not turning into obnoxious dicks. *crosses fingers*
Less Doge.
More Koven.
Hardwell banging someone's sister.
Now time to vent a few of the things that have bothered me already this year.
It seems fitting to start on the Jacob Wolf fiasco. I think it needs to be put to bed now, but in everything that has been posted about it, no one really said what I thought needed to be said, so here are my 2 cents on the whole thing:
@Jacob. If I was a young producer/aspiring music enthusiast, I would hate you with every fibre of my being. You have single handedly wrecked the reputation of young people in the scene, meaning that a demographic who already had a negative stereotype to overcome will now struggle even more to be taken seriously.
You claim that you and Brendan were misled by an unnamed 3rd party… well if that's true, then that is unfortunate, but at the same time, this mysterious 3rd party didn't put a fucking gun to your head and force you to delete Brendan's Soundcloud did they? The bit that really got to me was when I saw you try and excuse your actions by playing the ‘I'm young' card. You've played that card far too many times now- please realise that the responsibility lies with you. Initially you accepted that but then backtracked and tried to pass it off as something out of your control. As you yourself said, there is no excuse for what you did. I can only hope it has taught you a valuable lesson to act a lot more professionally going forward and that I never have to mention you on here again.
Next on my shitlist so far, are people who pester big name artists with their tracks, then when the artists listen to it and gives feedback, they take that as ‘big name support' and post ‘Support from <insert big name> ‘. Although I would not class myself as a “big name”, I've seen someone do this after I gave them feedback on a very lacklustre track and it was extremely awkward as I really didn't want to be associated with their music.
Also, the ego some of these people develop as a result of talking to big names is just ridiculous! Acting like you're a big deal won't get you respect. If you can release decent music whilst remaining a decent person, that is how you get the serious respect. It might sound impossible but people like Rameses B, xKore, Kev Willow, Dodge & Fuski and Veela are all people who I consider to be examples of how it can be done. I swear if half the producers on my news feed gained a following with the dedication of Veela's mini-army, they would lose their shit and try and walk on water. Bottom line is, the music should be your focus, not the fame.
Page spam. Why? Why do you do this? On the fake account I made to manage the Phantom's Facebook page I have added ONLY “music people”. When I log in I usually have around 30 notifications, of which 29 will be page invites, some of which are from people who really don't need to be inviting people to like their page. Word to the wise- seeing as the organic reach of your Facebook pages is getting reduced more and more, you want to make sure that the people who see your posts are genuine fans who will hopefully be interested in what you're reaching out to them with- if you try and spam your page to people, all you'll do is saturate your fanbase with people who don't give a shit, meaning you won't reach as many of your actual fans with your posts. You're only damaging yourself by spamming invites.
Oh, and the other notification of the 30 I mentioned will be to an event that is in a different fucking continent on the off chance I'm in the area that night…
Of the hundreds of people I've added and that have added me, only 2 have actually then followed it up with a message. This friend-spam that the music scene is plagued with is really damaging. It means that if I needed to add a producer to actually talk to him, chances are he'd just ignore the request and assume it was another spam add. Please only add people if you have a reason to!
Oneupsmanship. This really gets to me and is very prevalent in the online community at the moment. Seeing people post about their own accomplishments on a post someone else has posted to celebrate one of their own is beyond arrogant. You may as well print out a photo of their smiling face and send them a Snapchat of you taking a shit on it. If we all support each-others' success, the community will be a much more rewarding place to participate in.
I really don't want this blog to consistently “hate” on the same people, because that wasn't my aim in starting this, but Ryan Biankowski, you really don't help me out here… One last comment on you and then I'm done, so here it is:
I've noticed you've started posting the same old generic motivational bullshit again… you've even begun RE-USING old posts which makes my gears grind TWICE as hard. Here's a life tip for you: stop posting fucktard advice that sounds like something every guy who has ever smoked weed has said. Get yourself some of those “motivational” picture posters and leave it at that!
Also, PLEASE, stop using words you don't know the meaning or spelling of. I saw you write ‘per say' the other day in completely the wrong context (it's “per se” btw). This might seem pedantic, in fact it probably is, but hey, Google is your friend, OK? If you're dyslexic then I of course apologise for this.
Some final musings to conclude this post:
Who the fuck is James Lippett?
Stahp with the genre arguments- no one wins.
Fuck you Mark Zuckerberg for limiting the reach of our Facebook pages.
Apparently I am Muzzy.
Plot twist: I'm actually Erin.
JK, I'm Burial.
As always, thanks for taking the time to read my rants. Stay classy.
-The Phantom-
https://www.facebook.com/doesitoffendyoum8
Advertisements
First Big Bird, now this? It seems Mitt Romney is not exactly earning the favor of the youth of America, as the GOP candidate has snubbed Nickelodeon on their campaign trail as well. (Watch your back Dora the Explorer!)
According to a statement from Nickelodeon released to Hollywood.com, “After numerous attempts by Nick News to get former Governor Mitt Romney to participate in the special, their camp declined saying they were unable to fit it into their schedule. The special features previously taped video clips of Romney addressing some of the issues raised in the questions, as well as bios of both candidates.” (Hollywood.com put out a request to Romney's camp for a response, but could not be reached in time).
President Barack Obama , on the other hand, has opted to participate in the Linda Ellerbee -hosted special. The Commander-in-Chief, whose segment was already filmed, talked about a wide variety topics, answering questions from kids about same-sex marriage, gun control, illegal immigration, jobs, outsourcing, the obesity epidemic, and bullying. Obama also opened up about some lighter subjects, like their most embarrassing moments. “Running into the wall is par for the course for me. I'm running into doors and desks all the time,” they admitted.
Ellerbee said of this year's Candidates special, “By answering kids' questions directly, candidates show respect for kids. We are disappointed that Mitt Romney wouldn't take the time to answer the questions, but are thrilled that President Obama participated in the special.” The special, which will feature President Obama airs on Oct. 15 at 8 PM ET on Nickelodeon. On Oct. 22, the network will reveal the results of which candidate the kids picked. Granted, these young Americans aren't of actual voting age, but the kids might be on to something. Five of the last six winners of the Nick News special have gone on to win the presidency, including Obama in 2008.
So how can Romney make it up to all the kids out there before all those lame grown-ups get to vote in the election on Nov. 7? We've got a few ideas!
– Officially change their name to Mittens.
SpongeBob SquarePants as their new running mate. Sorry Paul Ryan, you should have had squarer pants. Also, try to make iCarly the new Secretary of State. (Though their allegiance may remain with the Obamas since – Announceas their new running mate. Sorry, you should have had squarer pants. Also, try to make iCarly the new Secretary of State. (Though their allegiance may remain with the Obamas since the FLOTUS' visit ).
– Ensure that Angry Birds, the Penguins of Madagascar and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are protected under environmental laws.
– Change their slogan from “Believe in Amerca” to “One Direction: America”.
– Get slimed. It's the only real solution that can right this wrong.
[Photo credit: WENN.com]
Romney declined the cable networks' invitation to appear on their Nick News Kids Pick the President: The Candidates special, which allows young viewers across the country to ask questions to the candidates regarding the upcoming election.
The Daily Mail continues its attacks on the evil cybernats, and is still valiantly trying to make out that online abuse is the sole preserve of independence supporters. Today they had an interview with Kezia Dugdale MSP, former aide to George Foulkes who used the ID Fifi Le Bonbon when they were a cyberbritbrat and an active and enthusiastic participant in the zoo that passes for the comments section of the Scotsman newspaper.
Kezia was pictured in the Mail an unflattering photo which made them look like a refugee from the former East Germany who had narrowly escaped the Stasi. They were upset that they had ‘recently' been the recipient of an offensive tweet, although it turned out the tweet was sent over a year ago. The tweet wasn't helpful to the independence cause and was crass and stupid, but it was not a direct threat – the tweet read “dancing on the head of a pin? I wish Kezia Dugdale would dance on the head of a bayonet”.
It was in fact eerily similar to a phrase uttered by Kezia's party colleague, the fragrant Ian Davidson MP, who spoke a few months ago about “bayonetting the wounded” after a no victory had been secured in September's referendum. Kezia was schtum on Ian's comment, possibly because they were concerned they might threaten them with a metaphorical doin', just as he'd previously threatened SNP MP Eilidh Whiteford.
Of course Kezia and the Mail ignore the abuse coming from Unionists directed against independence supporters. Kezia's quite happy to associate themselves with the Mail's demonisation tactics when it suits their political ends. The aim of the Mail's campaign is obvious, to portray the independence campaign as something which ‘normal' people would not want to associate with, although it remains unclear in which universe Labour politicians are normal people. Independence supporters are ‘other', as dangerous as the Mail's usual targets – like benefits claiming gay disabled immigrants who cause cancer.
It's a peculiar tactic. Demonising a minority can only be effective when few people are acquainted with members of the said minority and so are prepared to accept the definitions provided by the tabloid press instead of the evidence of their own eyes and ears. Supporters of independence are not like gay people – who represent just 5 to 10% of the population, or migrants, who account for a similar percentage. These groups could be successfully demonised by the tabloids since a large proportion of their readership did not know any gay people or any migrants.
The so called cybernat is merely an independence supporter with an internet connection, but independence supporters represent a very substantial chunk of the population, and a huge majority have an internet connection. These hundreds of thousands know that there is no cybernat conspiracy, so do their friends and families. Instead of silencing the ‘cybernat', the Mail's campaign has given the online independence campaign a major boost.
Meanwhile a young supporter of independence has been subject to serial abuse on Twitter for daring to speak in favour of independence during a recent edition of Question Time. 17 year old Liam McLaughlan from Easterhouse also said during the programme that Tony Blair should be arrested for war crimes – a point of view shared by a great many.
Liam McLaughlan is the son of friends of mine. Way back in the 80s their father was the first of my straight friends that I told that I was gay. (He'd already worked it out. Liam's dad is as perceptive as their son.) Liam has written their own story, published in The Targe. It's well worth a read.
We're constantly told by the likes of Kezia Dugdale that politicians need to do more to engage young people with politics. Here's a young man who is actively engaged in politics, and who is articulate, intelligent and passionate. They have done well at school and expects to go to university. They don't just sit about complaining, or taking drugs and getting drunk, they get up off their arse and tries to do something to improve their local area, an area which has been betrayed and let down by generations of Labour politicians.
Liam is precisely the kind of young person that Scotland needs. Yet for their pains they were subject to a campaign of vilification on Twitter by supporters of the party which claims to speak for the people of places like Easterhouse. They were called a ned, told that they needed a translator as their Glasgow accent made them unintelligible, insulted for what they were wearing, told they were deformed and that they were mentally ill. That was a particularly harsh insult as a close family member of Liam's suffered serious mental illness for many years.
The abuse came from unionist supporters of the Labour party, the same party that for the past 3 generations or more has presided over the compendium of multiple social deprivation that is Easterhouse. But from the Daily Mail or Kezia Dugdale, not a word.
Kezia Dugdale and the Daily Mail have no solutions for the problems that Liam highlights. They have nothing to offer him, except that if they do well at school and goes to university they might be able to move away to find a decent job down south. That's what happened to me, I had to leave Scotland to seek work in London where I lived for the best part of a decade before moving to Spain. I only returned to Scotland last year. Scotland must be the only country in the world when the emigration of our youth is described as a benefit of the Union.
The Daily Mail and Kezia Dugdale want to keep it that way, and have the nerve to make out that they are the victims, not those who suffer the ill effects of the politics they espouse. We'll hear many more howls of protest from the Britbrats over the coming months. It's the complaint of the privileged that their privileges are about to be revoked. After 18 September they'll be sitting on the naughty step without their toys. No wonder they're greeting like weans.
In the interests of fairness, it should be pointed out that Kezia Dugdale denies that they were Fifi le Bonbon.
Gilad tries to balance their family and their quest in this preview of Wrath of the Eternal Warrior #2, on shelves December 16.
WRATH OF THE ETERNAL WARRIOR #2
Written by ROBERT VENDITTI
Art by RAÚL ALLÉN
Cover A by DAVID LAFUENTE
Cover B by RAÚL ALLÉN
Cover C by MARCOS MARTIN
Variant Cover by KANO
Variant Cover by ADAM POLLINA
B&W Sketch Variant by DAVID LAFUENTE
At the far end of existence…can even Earth's immortal soldier withstand a foe as old as life itself?
Gilad Anni-Padda, the Eternal Warrior, has sacrificed everything to shape a better world…but their work is only beginning. Turning their back on everything and everyone they loved, they must leave the safety of the world they knew behind…and begin a trek across a savage and unexplored realm to return to Earth…if the true cost of their immortality doesn't destroy them first.
$3.99 | 32 pgs. | T+ | On sale DECEMBER 16
LOL”. That's how First Minister Nicola Sturgeon reacted to a cover of The Spectator featuring a caricature of her, red eyed and surrounded by lightning bolts, with the headline 'Big Sister: Inside Nicola Sturgeon's one-party state'.
Them full comment, delivered by Twitter, was ‘LOL (as I believe the youngsters say these days!)' beneath a picture of the right-wing London-based magazine's latest cover.
Although Sturgeon may have lolled, there were some who took umbrage at the claim that Scotland was a 'one-party state'. Most treated it with ridicule.
SNP MSP Mark McDonald tweeted: “We have opposition politicians in parliament. We can't even do a one-party state properly. #snpout”
Journalist Ross Mcafferty tweeted: “A one-party state is a state where only one party is allowed. Not where one party is quite successful. Scotland is the latter.”
In a lengthy post, law blogger Andrew Tickell pointed out that, of 1416 elected representatives in “Nicola Sturgeon's one-party state”, only 547 were SNP.
It looks like the First Minister's incipient tyranny needs serious work,” Tickell wrote. “SNP candidates control a mere 38.6 per cent of seats in Holyrood, in Scotland's Westminster delegation, and in town halls and local authority offices across the country. If this is authoritarianism, it is singularly inept authoritarianism.”
Twitter star Angry Salmond tweeted: “I mainly dislike the term ‘one-party state' because I'm scared it will hurt the Green Party's feelings. I couldn't care less about Labour.” STV journalist Stephen Daisley tweeted Spectator editor Fraser Nelson to say he'd have to carry around their copy of the magazine hidden inside The National.
SNP put in election gear as FM calls out to No voters
'Strong partnership' with unions highlighted as STUC leader to address SNP conference for first time
If you're interested in scouting the TUF 17 cast before the season starts, Zombie Prophet has compiled a monster playlist featuring every fighter on the show. You can see the regional fights featuring the likes of Tor Troeng, Zak Cummings, and Bloody Elbow's own Josh Samman.
You can catch TUF 17 starting Tuesday, January 22nd at 8 PM ET/PT on FX.
Here's the full TUF 17 cast list:
Dylan Andrews (16-4-1), 32, Gold Coast, Australia (by way of New Zealand)
Kito Andrews (9-2), 34, Sacramento, Calif.
Luke Barnatt (5-0), 24, Cambridge, England
Leo Bercier (7-2), 31, Great Falls, Mont.
Ryan Bigler (9-3), 28, Yona, Guam
Kevin Casey (5-2), Hawthorne, Calif.
Adam Cella (4-0), 27, Fenton, Mo.
Zak Cummings (15-3), 28, Kansas City, Mo.
Andy Enz (6-1), 21, Anchorage, Alaska
Nik Fekete (5-1), 32, Las Vegas
Kelvin Gastelum (5-0), 20, Yuma, Ariz.
Uriah Hall (7-2), 28, New York City (by way of Jamaica)
Collin Hart (4-1-1), 23, Santa Rosa, Calif.
Clint Hester (7-3), 25, Atlanta
Jake Heun (3-2), 25, Salt Lake City
Mike Jasper (6-0), 29, Camarillo, Calif.
Nicholas Kohring (3-0), 22, Valley Springs, Calif.
Robert "Bubba" McDaniel (20-6), 29, Albuquerque, N.M.
Fraser Opie (10-5), 29, Milton Keynes, England (by way of South Africa)
Mike Persons (3-0), 28, Manteca, Calif.
Jimmy Quinlan (3-0), 26, Metheun, Mass.
Scott Rosa (4-1), 26, Sparks, Nev.
Joshua Samman (9-2), 24, Tallahassee, Fla.
Gilbert Smith Jr. (5-1), Colorado Springs, Colo.
Eldon Sproat (3-1), 27, Molokai, Hawaii
Tor Troeng (15-4-1), 29, Umea, Sweden
Eric Wahlin (5-1), 29, Taylorsville, Utah
Timothy Williams (7-1), 26, Millville, N.J.
Tea party activists in Tennessee are pushing state legislators to amend curriculum in a way that eliminates criticisms of the Founding Fathers' treatment of Native Americans and holding of slaves, according to a news item.
Roughly two-dozen tea partyers demanded that their state lawmakers modify textbook standards to “compel the teaching of students in Tennessee the truth regarding the history of our nation and the nature of its government,” the Memphis-based The Commercial Appeal reports.
“Neglect and outright ill,” they said in literature disseminated at a news conference, “have distorted the teaching of the history and character of the United States.”
The group's spokesperson Hal Rounds, an attorney, lamented there was “an awful lot of made-up criticism about, for instance, the founders intruding on the Indians or having slaves or being hypocrites in one way or another.”
“The thing we need to focus on about the founders is that, given the social structure of their time, they were revolutionaries who brought liberty into a world where it hadn't existed,” Rounds said, as quoted by the newspaper.
They and their fellow activists pushed for new state curriculum standards that asserted: “No portrayal of minority experience in the history which actually occurred shall obscure the experience or contributions of the Founding Fathers, or the majority of citizens, including those who reached positions of leadership.”
The effort mirrors a sweeping decision last March by the Texas Board of Education that dramatically altered curriculum standards to portray conservatism more positively and replace the term “slave trade” with “Atlantic triangular trade.”
And this year, tea party groups in North Carolina have largely succeeded in abolishing longstanding and nationally lauded school integration policies in the state's Wake County.
Among the Tennessee tea partyers' other priorities for the 2011 legislative session was a resolution rejecting the national health care overhaul, calling the Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act an “insult to Constitutional principles.”
BILOXI -- Waitress Julie Brightwell ducked behind a counter to avoid being shot after telling a Waffle House customer not to smoke, according to court records.
They knew to hide, court records show, because their accused killer, Johnny Max Mount, had pulled a 9 mm handgun from their waist and pointed it at them after they told them they couldn't smoke in the restaurant. The incident happened about 1 a.m. Friday, shortly after Mount arrived, sat at a counter seat and went to light up.
When Mount pointed the gun at Brightwell, they tried to hide from their killer, the reports say, but Mount stood up, leaned over the counter and shot them once in the head. Brightwell, 52, was pronounced dead at Merit Health Biloxi a short time after the shooting.
Immediately after firing the fatal shot, records say, Mount walked outside and placed their 9 mm handgun and a holster on top of a white Toyota Tacoma in the parking lot. Then, reports say, they walked back in the restaurant and went to the restroom. While they were in the bathroom, witnesses ran outside and started dialing 911 for help.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Sun Herald
Biloxi police arrested Mount, a 45-year-old former Biloxi firefighter, as they're walking back out of the restaurant for a second time. They were booked at the Harrison County jail on a charge of first-degree murder.
In addition to witnesses, video surveillance cameras caught the entire incident on tape.
On Monday, they had their first court appearance and questioned the judge.
"Is the death penalty going to be involved in this charge?" Mount said to Justice Court Judge Albert Fountain.
In response, Fountain read the law regarding a capital offense, the only crime in the state punishable by death sentence. Mount is facing a maximum sentence of life in prison on a first-degree murder charge.
At Monday's hearing, Mount said they wanted to have a preliminary hearing, which Fountain said will be set in the next few weeks. The judge upheld the $2 million bond, and said a public defender will be appointed to represent Mount.
Harrison County jail Warden Evan Hubbard said Mount is being held in the medical block at the jail for medical reasons.
Brightwell had been working for Waffle House for eight years at time of their death. They had worked at that particular Waffle House since June 2014, when it reopened after being destroyed in Hurricane Katrina.
According to Pat Warner, vice president of Waffle House's corporate office in Atlanta, a candlelight vigil in memory of Brightwell is set at 5:15 p.m. Friday on the beach across the street from the restaurant on the 2400 block of U.S. 90.
"One of their coworkers is planning on singing," they said. "She had been encouraged by Julie to pursue their singing, so they wanted to do that."
Warner said they and other senior corporate officials are hoping to make it to the memorial.
In addition, they said, Waffle House plans to cover the funeral costs for Brightwell and help their family "any way we can."
Since the shooting, Warner and employees from other restaurants have filled in for those workers who needed time away to grieve and come to terms about what happened.
"Julie touched a lot of people," they said. "This tragedy doesn't just affect this one restaurant. It affects our entire market. All of our associates knew them or knew of her."
Brightwell, they said, had been hand-picked to help reopen the Waffle House last year.
"She was picked because they were such a good associate," they said. "She had that kind of personality that made you feel better when you came in and dined with us. They seemed to really bond with their customers and they made sure they had an enjoyable visit while they were there."
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help Brightwell's family with expenses.
Though some Waffle House restaurants allow smoking, the one where Brightwell worked was smoke-free.
Waffle House also prohibits firearms in its restaurants unless the customer works in a law enforcement field or the military, Warner said.
Customers said Brightwell spent some of their last minutes alive asking them if they'd enjoyed their Thanksgiving holiday or if they had found some good deals during their post-Thanksgiving shopping.
Mount has no felony record, but they do have misdemeanor arrest records for two DUI offenses, one in Harrison County in August 2002 and another in St. Johns County, Fla., in November 2013. In November 2002, they also are arrested in Gulfport on misdemeanor charges of leaving the scene of an accident, reckless driving, and driving with a suspended license as a result of a DUI.
Since Brightwell's killing, people have taken to Twitter and Facebook to talk about the killing and many are wondering what could have set off the accused.
A friend of Mount's family said they "was not a monster," and that something must have "snapped" in him.
On Christmas Eve 2002, a car struck Mount while they were standing in the middle of U.S. 49 in Gulfport. A family friend said they lost a limb and suffered a traumatic brain injury.
Mount stopped working for the Biloxi Fire Department after the 2002 accident.
Biloxi police are continuing their investigation.
In global health, mental illness has historically taken a back seat to more deadly medical concerns like infectious diseases. But aid organizations, local charities and independent doctors have often intervened during crises to address one of the most disabling psychological problems of all: trauma, whether from rape, natural disasters or civil war.
One such effort, Syria Bright Future, is based in Jordan and run by Dr. Mohammad Abo-Hilal, a Syrian psychiatrist. It is focused on helping Syrian refugees, particularly children.
The United Nations is calling the Syrian conflict one of the worst humanitarian crises of the modern era. The country was once among the world's largest hosts of refugees. But after years of a brutal civil war, it is now the largest producer of refugees: more than four million people have fled the country, according to United Nations estimates, about half of them children.
I PRESUMED that we'd seen the last of it. When Luis Suarez departed for pastures new, the chances of Liverpool regularly starting matches with two strikers simultaneously appeared remote. They looked remoter still when you factored in the the £20m acquisition of Lazar Markovic who has often played as a winger. Now though, it looks a decent bet that Brendan Rodgers will soon be reverting to the formation that was seemingly devised solely for the purpose of getting Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez on the pitch together. That system could, and for my money should, be making a comeback at White Hart Lane this weekend.
I think it's safe to say that Mario Balotelli didn't come to Anfield to play as a wide forward. We know that Daniel Sturridge isn't particularly enamoured with the prospect of filling that role either. Raheem Sterling, lazily labelled as just another quick English winger in the past, has undoubtedly produced their best work in a red shirt from central areas. Philippe Coutinho looks half the player we all know they can be when he's asked to play down the flanks. Adam Lallana can do a job on the left or the right but, as is the case with Coutinho, they lack an electric burst of pace and would appear to be more suited to a role in the middle of the park. The point I'm driving at here is that all of Liverpool's attacking talent (with the possible exception of Markovic) look to be players who would be best utilised from positions in the centre of the pitch.
Brendan Rodgers has so far opted to line their team up in a 4-2-3-1 and a 4-3-3 formation in the reds' two league games to date. Liverpool haven't impressed. Sure, there were periods against both Southampton and Manchester City where they looked pretty comfortable, but something was obviously missing. There was a lack of cutting edge in attack. There was an absence of the relentless pressure that has become synonymous with Liverpool again. There was little of the unbridled, spontaneous chaos that took these lads to the brink of the Premier League title a few short months ago. Counter attacks and build up play in the opening games have looked laboured. Pretty, controlled, methodical, nice, undoubtedly. But laboured nonetheless. You could easily chalk that up to the absence of a certain buck toothed wrecking ball and be done with this whole argument, but the current absence of the attacking verve that Liverpool exhibited last term appears to be largely systemic in nature.
Take the asupervisorstioned Sterling as an example. They were bright early on against Man City playing from the right hand side but, after an impressive first twenty minutes, they didn't receive enough of the ball and gradually faded from view. Paradoxically, their best two moments of the game came when they had vacated their starting post on the right hand side. They fed exquisitely weighted through balls into goal scoring positions for Jordan Henderson and Daniel Sturridge when they were in central areas, not while they were stuck out on the right wing.
Meanwhile, on the opposite flank, Philippe Coutinho was having a shocker. Their lack of defensive astuteness repeatedly left debutant Alberto Moreno exposed at full back and the Brazilian never looked comfortable playing from the left. Coutinho's most outstanding performances under Rodgers have been from a deeper midfield position, not the wing or even the number 10 slot that they were initially expected to occupy when they arrived at the club. Indeed, when they reprised that advanced play-maker role against Southampton on the opening day, they were just as ineffective and isolated as they were at the Etihad. Using Louis van Gaal's terminology for a moment, Coutinho appears to work best as an 8, not a 10 and certainly not as a winger.
I've focussed primarily on Coutinho and Sterling because they were shining lights in pre-season and two of the players that supporters were looking at to fill the Suarez shaped hole that has been left in this squad. Growing amounts of evidence suggests that if they are to kick on again from their impressive individual campaigns in 2013/14, that progress will be more likely to materialise if they are playing in the positions that they both excelled in during last season.
Which brings us to back to Balotelli, whose arrival conveniently offers Rodgers the option of reverting back to the system that got the best out of our two outstanding young talents – and the team as a whole – by allowing the manager to deploy two strikers regularly.
It's very possible that Balotelli and Sturridge might not hit it off as a conventional strike partnership. But they might not have to. The prolific Sturridge/Suarez axis was comprised essentially of two individuals doing their own thing. Yes, they combined well at times, but they didn't play in tandem like a Dalglish and Rush or even a Fowler and Collymore. Two mavericks whose first thoughts were ‘how can I score from here?' found a way to coexist and thrive on the apparent professional rivalry that existed between them to be the ‘main man' at Anfield. As a result, Liverpool benefited from this by acquiring the most lethal ‘partnership' in English football while other individuals in the team also benefited hugely.
This begs the question: Why can't the same happen with Balotelli and Sturridge? Yes, we've all heard how Daniel longs to be the star man and the focal point of this side, but if they succeeded playing alongside Suarez, why can't they do the same with Mario in tow? For the sake of the balance of this Liverpool team right now, they may have to.
Sturridge is no doubt a mighty fine forward when he's playing up front on their own. The way they bamboozled Vincent Kompany and got themselves into several promising positions against City illustrated that fact. However, it was nearly game for Sturridge in Manchester on Monday. He'd produce great work only for a last ditch outstretched limb from Kompany, Joe Hart or Pablo Zabaleta to foil them at the crucial moment. City hunted Sturridge in packs and, by hook or by crook, they managed to suppress their threat and keep them and Liverpool off the score-sheet during the time they were alone up front.
When Rickie Lambert entered the fray however, Sturridge appeared visibly liberated. They produced a goal from nothing after excellent work in the right channel and a cross of breathtaking technique for their strike partner. Their goal against Southampton curiously also came when Lambert was on the pitch and involved several times in the build up to that match winning strike. For all the talk of them stepping up and becoming the unchallenged focal point of this attack in Suarez's absence, Sturridge looks as if they will benefit more from having a foil alongside him.
If nothing else, Balotelli's impending presence in a red shirt should decrease the attention opposing defenders are paying to Sturridge and allow them to play their more natural game of dropping deep, drifting wide and getting involved in the play as and when they see fit. The pressure of being the only out and out striker who has to hold the ball up and be in central areas regularly should be lifted from their shoulders when the Italian joins them up front. Assuming that Rodgers will use the two strikers at the same time, it seems likely that the diamond will be their preferred method of achieving this.
That would hypothetically leave us with a Liverpool team set up in a system with Coutinho and Henderson behind Sterling in midfield and Balotelli and Sturridge leading the line which looks, on paper at least, a hell of a lot more threatening than anything we've seen against Southampton and City. In a wider context it provides plenty of options and opportunities, too. Joe Allen could play in Coutinho's position when needed, for instance. Lallana could compete for that same starting berth as well as the number 10 role. Emre Can appear capable of playing at the base of a diamond or even slightly further forward in Henderson's absence. Even Markovic is capable of playing centrally and adding drive and pace. The diamond looks, to my eyes at least, to offer the best balance for this team right now and would provide every midfielder in the squad with at least one position to compete for in the starting eleven.
Naturally, this is not to say the diamond formation is perfect. Nothing is in football, save for Andrea Pirlo's facial hair. We know from first-hand experience that this particular system certainly isn't flawless.
The most glaring reservation that surrounds the implementation of this system is the captain's role within it. After all, Steven Gerrard isn't a defensive midfielder. He's not particularly adept at picking up stealthy players like David Silva when they sneak into their area of the pitch. They don't have the legs to track runners as effectively as they once did. They still have the innate instincts of an attacking player. Yet these same problems existed last season when Gerrard initially adopted their deeper position in front of the back four and the team flourished, did they not? They won time and time again despite not having a traditional defensively minded midfield enforcer in the side because the quality of the attacking play they conjured was so high.
So why can't that be the case again? If the alternative is to keep Gerrard in the same withdrawn position anyway (as it has been in both games this season when different formations have been utilised) while simultaneously blunting our own effectiveness going forward, then it seems to be a no brainer to me. We may as well play an attacking brand of football and die on our swords rather than try to be something we're not and reduce our chances of success in the attacking third. If Gerrard and Balotelli are to be regulars in this team (and there is no evidence to suggest they won't be) then it seems logical that the diamond should return.
I thought we'd seen the last of Brendan Rodgers playing with two strikers. I believed that the formation Liverpool used in the latter half of last season was a stopgap and would be discarded this summer. I was wrong. It appears that diamonds might just be forever after all.
Camp X-Ray, the first detention facility to hold ‘enemy combatants' at the U.S. Naval Station on June 27, 2013 in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
If you're a rock band, here's a review of your music that you never want to read: “Canadian electro-industrial music genre pioneers, Skinny Puppy, recently found out their music was used to torture detainees at Guantanamo Bay.” Needless to say, the band wasn't happy about the news. “I am not only against the fact that they're using our music to inflict damage on somebody else, but they are also doing it without anybody's permission,” Cevin Key, the band's keyboardist, said in an interview with Canada's CTV News.
To rectify the alleged unauthorized use, Key says the band sent the Pentagon a bill for some $666,000. A military spokesperson, however, told the BBC the invoice had not been received. Skinny Puppy may have a tough time proving that their music was used on the secretive base. They got word that their music was being used by a former guard who said “inmates were exposed to bootleg recordings of the band's music, at incredibly high volumes, for up to 12 hours at a time,” according to the CBC.
NEW DELHI, India — The Sri Lankan government's efforts to erase from history the final months of its 25-year-long war against Tamil separatists hit a snag this week, as humanitarian organizations blasted the report of an internal probe into alleged human rights violations and possible war crimes as a whitewash.
Now, the fight for clarity, if not justice, may well depend on India.
The Sri Lankan government's Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) posted its report on the last months of the civil war Dec. 16. But despite the government's hopes that the internal assessment would end calls for an international investigation, Human Rights Watch identified “serious shortcomings” in the 388-page report.
Most troubling, the LLRC largely exonerated government forces for alleged violations of the laws of war, Human Rights Watch said.
“The way the war was ended in Sri Lanka must not be made into a positive example that other governments are encouraged to pursue or allowed to pursue,” said Alan Keenan, Sri Lanka Project Director for the International Crisis Group.
“One of the major advantages of an international investigation would be to lay out in a credible way just how destructive that approach was.”
Whether that happens, however, could well depend on New Delhi's new willingness to stand up against bullying from Beijing — which has blocked multilateral actions on human rights.
Human Rights: Tibet exile premier blames human rights violations for monk immolations
The LLRC assessment is unlikely to satisfy either the US or India, which had demanded a clear roadmap for establishing accountability for human rights violations committed during the war.
“They haven't called for any specific prosecutions,” Brad Adams, Asia director at Human Rights Watch, said in a telephone interview. “They haven't dealt with indiscriminate shelling. They haven't suggested that anybody senior has any responsibilities. It's actually much less than we expected. We thought that they'd try to do more to try to keep the possibility of an international investigation at bay.”
The United Nations Secretary-General's Panel of Experts concluded in April that both government forces and the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) conducted military operations "with flagrant disregard for the protection, rights, welfare and lives of civilians and failed to respect the norms of international law."
Yet while the LLRC did rubbish previous government claims that the military killed no civilians at all, it downplayed or failed to investigate incidents involving the shelling of civilians with heavy artillery, sexual violence and the executions of rebels who attempted to surrender.
The apparent whitewash was, of course, not wholly surprising. Both before and after the military push to end the civil war — in which the UN report alleged tens of thousands of civilians may have been killed — the repressive atmosphere in Sri Lanka has made it dangerous to speak out against the government, according to the International Crisis Group.
Yet predictable or no, the LLRC report's many failings have highlighted the need for the international probe called for by the UN panel of experts, humanitarian groups said.
“The challenge is for the United States, and, particularly, India to find the political courage to address these atrocities,” said Human Rights Watch's Adams.
Indeed, it's an important test case for a new era of foreign policy in which China increasingly vies with the US for influence.
Already, China's growing military and economic might have begun to hamper multilateral actions on human rights — largely driven by the United States and Europe. In the last month's of the civil war, China's continued support for the government hamstrung a Western bid to use withholding arms as a way to influence the tactics of the Sri Lankan military. And after the conflict ended, Beijing, along with Moscow, has stymied efforts to push for an international investigation in the UN Security Council.
"What [China's new involvement has] meant is that governments who otherwise might have been willing to push harder on the Sri Lankan government on issues of accountablity but also on other related governance issues like human rights violations and the decline of democratic standards in Sri Lanka have been more reluctant to do so."
Engaged in projects to build a massive port, a highway, a coal-fired power plant and an international airport on the island, China has emerged as Sri Lanka's largest donor of bilateral aid — committing $1.5 billion to the country's $6 billion reconstruction plan in June. Beijing's generosity has made talking tough difficult for the traditional regional powers like the US and Japan — which was previously Sri Lanka's principal donor.
More: India tells Facebook, Google to censor internet content
But India's concerns are more immediate. New Delhi sees Beijing's move into the Indian Ocean as part of a so-called “string of pearls” strategy to encircle the country with potential naval and military supply hubs. And taking a tough stance on human rights could well alienate Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse — likely to remain the country's leader for a long time — and propel them into the arms of Beijing.
“The Chinese penetration of Sri Lanka has made things very difficult for India in recent years,” said Brahma Chellaney, professor of strategic studies at the New Delhi-based Center for Policy Research, an independent think tank. “Without a larger international push, it's not possible for India to act on its own.”
So far, those concerns have prevented India from acting as strongly as humanitarian organizations believe is necessary. Though in bilateral talks New Delhi has expressed its displeasure with Rajapakse's progress in rehabilitating Tamils displaced by the war, for example, its public statements have been carefully measured to avoid causing too much offense. Moreover, India has not supported multilateral efforts to push for action against past and present human rights violations at the UN.
That silence has been nearly as large an impediment as the outright opposition from China and Russia, according to ICG's Keenan. To overcome the resistance, an international investigation will need the support not only of the US and Europe, but also of Japan and India.
A strong statement from India would clear the path for other, smaller countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America to follow suit. And New Delhi's current reluctance resonates just as loudly.
“There's every indication that Western governments are quite willing to do something to have the human rights council take some action on Sri Lanka,” said Keenan. “It's really India that has not yet sent the signal that it's willing to join that coalition.”
Bayern Munich fired eight goals past Hamburg, while Bas Dost's fourth goal of the game gave Wolfsburg a victory as the Bundesliga saw a deluge of goals on Saturday.
Thomas Muller, Arjen Robben and Mario Goetze all scored two each in Bayern's 8-0 demolition of Hamburg. Robert Lewandowski scored another, and substitute Franck Ribery scored on their return from injury.
Muller opened the scoring with a penalty after 20 minutes and two minutes later Bayern were in control when Muller's shot was parried into Gotze's path.
Robben added a third 10 minutes before the break with a typical incursion onto their left foot, then opened the second half with a goal from theirs right.
Muller curled in a fifth goal in the 55th minute, then set up Lewandowski to make it 6-0 within a minute.
After Ribery's goal in the 69th minute, Bayern showed leniency until Gotze capped the barrage in the closing stages.
Bas Dost scored four times to help Wolfsburg keep pace with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich.
Do 's stoppage-time winner lifted Wolfsburg at Bayer Leverkusen 5-4.
Leverkusen had come from three goals down to even the game at 4-4 thanks to Son Heung-Min's hat trick and a 72nd-minute equaliser from Karim Bellarabi.
Wolfsburg led 3-0 in the second half until a wild 15 minutes saw four goals scored -- three from Son, who had made it 3-2 before Dost scored their third a minute later.
Son then completed their hat trick and Bellarabi equalised, but the hosts finished with 10 men after Emir Spahic earned a second yellow card, allowing Dost to turn in Vieirinha's cross at the near post just before the referee blew the final whistle.
Schalke saw their promising start to the new year ended by Eintracht Frankfurt in a 1-0 defeat as the distraction of a midweek Champions League tie with Real Madrid appeared to be too great for Roberto Di Matteo's men.
Lucas Piazon scored the only goal of the game in the 64th minute as Frankfurt coach Thomas Schaaf marked their 500th game on the touchline with a win.
Granit Xhaka scored a late winner for Borussia Monchengladbach to beat Cologne 1-0 in the Rhine derby.
Cologne defended for much of the 90 minutes, but their resistance was broken in the last few moments when Xhaka rose to meet Thorgan Hazard's free kick and head in the winner.
Werder Bremen defeated Augsburg 3-2 for their fifth consecutive win.
Assani Lukimya's opener was cancelled out by Ragnar Klavan, who then gave away the penalty which allowed Franco Di Santo to put Bremen back in front.
Theodor Gebre Selassie added a third for Viktor Skripnik's side who, rather than worrying about relegation as they were at the end of 2014, are now up to within three points of the European qualification places.
Tobias Werner's late second for Augsburg was nothing more than a consolation for the visitors.
Former Stuttgart defender Sebastian Rudy left their former club rooted to the bottom of the Bundesliga table with their late goal earning Hoffenheim a 2-1 Baden-Wurttemberg derby win.
Roberto Firmino gave Markus Gisdol's men the lead, but Gotoku Sakai's deflected effort allowed Huub Stevens' men to level.
Kevin Volland took advantage of a defensive mistake to set up the winner from Ruby, who sent their shot through Ulreich's legs to clinch victory.
The real estate market in Bridgeport scored a rare two-fer in the first half of 2017: It's the only city neighborhood that landed on two hot lists at the same time.
In Bridgeport, the markets for single-family and attached homes (condos and townhouses), are both generating a lot of heat. Both types of residences are selling in bigger numbers, at higher prices and faster compared to last year.
"Bridgeport is really booming this year," said Mario Barrios, a Re/Max Vision 212 agent. "It's not a surprise. This has been building up for a while" because of the neighborhood's closeness to the Loop, dynamic restaurant scene and amenities like Palmisano Park, built in an old quarry.
Among the city's 77 neighborhoods, Bridgeport is the only one where both types of housing landed at the top of Crain's midyear hot lists.
We crunched market data for the first six months of the year for each neighborhood, released Monday by the Chicago Association of Realtors, and compared it to data from the same period in 2016. We excluded neighborhoods with fewer than 25 sales during either six-month period. Chicago-based DataMade helped with the data-crunching.
Because CAR breaks out the data separately for houses and for attached housing, we have two hot lists for the city. In both cases, these are places where three major gauges of a housing market's temperature—number of sales, increase in prices and time on the market—are better than last year. In many of the city's 77 neighborhoods, at least one of those three is negative, or the improvement was slight.
(Our list of hot suburbs came out earlier this week.)
Here's the list of the hottest markets for single-family homes, with the median home price:
Beverly ($282,500)
Bridgeport ($480,000)
Irving Park ($507,560)
Montclare ($250,000)
South Chicago ($74,000)
Here are the hottest condo markets:
Avondale ($315,000)
Bridgeport ($254,500)
Rogers Park ($168,000)
West Ridge ($125,000)
West Town ($445,000)
The fuel for the heat in these areas differs from place to place.
In South Chicago, there's a mini-wave of rehabs of foreclosed or otherwise distressed houses, good news in an area of the city where the housing recovery has been slowest to arrive. In the past six months, at least six houses in the neighborhood have been bought in distress at $60,000 or less, rehabbed and resold at $150,000 or more, according to Crain's research in Midwest Real Estate Data's records.
An additional 25 homes sold in foreclosure haven't yet come back on the market as rehabs, but if they do, they may fuel further growth.
Another wave of rehabs is going on in Montclare, a Northwest Side neighborhood near the suburb Elmwood Park. Affordability is the draw, said Lindsey Henderson-Kuka, a Re/Max United agent. "It's a place on the Northwest Side where you can still get bungalows or those charming Cape Cods and Georgians for under $350,000," they said.
Henderson-Kuka represented buyers who in April bought a rehabbed five-bedroom house on Wolfram Street. The rehab firm, which had bought the house in November for $130,000, put it on the market in February priced at $339,900. Three weeks later, their clients had it under contract. Their sale closed in April at $347,000, about 2 percent over the asking price.
A few blocks south of there, on Barry, a bungalow with a new second floor sold for $440,000 after two months on the market. The rehabber of that one bought it in 2015 for $158,000.
While it's been hot for a while, fueled in part by spillover from well-established Bucktown and Logan Square, and also by the arrival of restaurants and Revolution Brewing taproom, Avondale this year "is crazy," said Melissa Somone-Graham, a Re/Max 1st agent. Them clients were shopping for a condo in the neighborhood this spring. When a three-bedroom on Elston Avenue came on the market in March at $369,900, their clients made a bid on it the first day, followed by seven other bidders. All were above the asking price, according to listing agent J Maggio of Conlon: A Real Estate Company, and in June the sale closed at $427,000. That's more than 15 percent over the asking price.
And that's not the first time this Avondale condo set off a bidding frenzy. When this year's sellers bought it, in early 2016, they prevailed over six other bidders. They paid $306,000 for the condo, or almost 10 percent over the asking price, $279,000.
On Monday night a forum was held in Redfern, which Fairfax Media has revealed people are 6.5 times more likely to be searched. Greens candidate Jenny Leong said if elected they would introduce legislation to shut down sniffer dog use in the general population. The practice of naked searches after sniffer dog identification has increased by 32 per cent over the past five years, the data shows, despite the NSW Police Force Code of Practice stating that such searches should occur only if "the seriousness and urgency of the situation require" them. Greens MP David Shoebridge said up to 500 innocent people each year were being subject to the "humiliating" naked searches. "Where have we got to in this state when police are routinely stripping people down, getting them to squat naked over a mirror and then staring up their backsides, on the basis of a drug dog indication that is wrong two thirds of the time?" They said the inaccuracy of the program, the violations of civil liberties and inappropriate targeting of vulnerable people meant it should be stopped.
"Police and politicians like drug dog operations because there is the appearance something is being done," they said. "It's PR, not policing." Two people who had been strip searched by police who spoke to Fairfax Media on the condition of anonymity said they had already admitted to having drugs but were strip-searched anyway. James, a 23 year old student, said: "They take you into a room and make you squat down to make sure you aren't hiding anything." "It's pretty invasive, embarrassing and uncomfortable". James was not charged but was given a cannabis caution, which counsels users about the health and legal consequences of drug use.
Another, Marty, 43, said they were not made to squat but felt very intimidated, as they were surrounded by three officers with dogs before being forced to take their clothes off. Will Tregoning from harm reduction group Unharm said the searches sometimes appeared to be used as a form of punishment or revenge. "They aren't able to find many people with drugs so they are increasing the intrusiveness of the search". They said they also damaged the relationships of a huge group of young people with the police, with 50 per cent of people in their 20s having used illicit drugs and 60 per cent of people in their 30s. A spokesperson for the NSW Police said it was incorrect to say the dog program was inaccurate, as 80 per cent of identifications involved either the person carrying drugs or admitting past contact with them.
Loading They said officer observations combined with the dog's indication provided reasonable grounds for a search, but police did not conduct "cavity searches", which would be carried out by medical staff in hospitals or medical facilities. "The devastating health impacts of illegal drugs are undeniable," they said. "Just last weekend, a number of patrons at the Stereosonic music festival were taken to hospital for the effects of illegal drugs."
DJay 2: The Sequel to the Popular iOS DJ Software
Invalid data returned from the iTunes Web Service. Check your app ID, and verify that the iTunes is currently up.
Editor's Pick:
( stars with User Ratings)
iPad App
$
Invalid data returned from the iTunes Web Service. Check your app ID, and verify that the iTunes is currently up.
( stars with Ratings)
iPhone App
Free Offer Ended. This app was free on April 22, 2015, but the offer has expired. us on Twitter or Subscribe by email or RSS feed to get daily App Gone Free notifications so you won't miss it next time. This app was free on April 22, 2015, but the offer has expired. Follow The following impression was made during the promotional period.
DJay 2 is the obvious sequel to the original, but that doesn't mean it's not original itself. Whether you're about to rock a party with hundreds of people, or set up your own personal rave, this app is here to help. It's a fantastic way to take your DJing experience to the next level, complete with professional level features and tools, all wrapped in an easy-to-understand interface that makes creating and mixing quite simple. It integrates perfectly with your music library on your device, allowing you to mix your own songs on the go.
You can take advantage of such features like the Automix mode which allows the app to create a mix for you automatically, leaving all the work to DJay 2. But if you want to take matters into your own hands, there are plenty of ways to DJ with things like audio FX, a mixer/tempo/pitch-bed/filer/EQ control, live recording, and so much more. Take your DJing experience to the next level and amaze all your friends.
App Screenshots
Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in /home/appsaga/public_html/wp-content/plugins/exec-php/includes/runtime.php(42) : eval()'d code on line 87
Share on Facebook.
Originally slated for Q4 2011, the launch of Intel's Sandy Bridge-E desktop/workstation platform has been pushed back to Q1 2012, sources told VR-Zone. The high-end platform was expected by industry observers to be a December launch, targeting the shopping season, but it seems like January 2012 is found to be more fitting. Perhaps the International CES, where the latest and greatest from the tech industry is unveiled, serves as the ideal launch-pad for Sandy Bridge-E.Sandy Bridge-E is an upscale of the architecture that makes up Intel's 2011 Core processor family. Consisting of 4 or 6 cores, Sandy Bridge makes up two distinct product lines for the client desktop market. The chips pack massive quad-channel DDR3 integrated memory controllers and PCI-Express 3.0 hubs that can drive up to four graphics cards. The processor is made of a new 2011-pin LGA package, with the new Intel X79 chipset handling the rest of the platform.
57 Comments on Sandy Bridge-E Delayed to January 2012: Sources
1 to 25 of 57 Goes to Page 123 PreviousNext
#1 TheMailMan78
Big Member Bastards are waiting to see what BD will do. lol Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 16:43 Reply
#2 happita
With all these pre-release slides, performance numbers, and rumors, I can't see why they would want to delay it because of that reason. All sources point to BD competing with the i5-2500k and i7-2600k, not Intel's socket 2011 chips. There must be another reason for this delay other than that. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 16:46 Reply
#3 WhiteLotus
Wait I thought Q1 of 2012 was when Ivybridge was out. I'm so confused. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 16:49 Reply
#4 TheLostSwede
Ivy Bridge is March-April now... Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:03 Reply
#5 ensabrenoir
2011 in 2012.... amd and intel are playing poker and were caught in the middle. I'm expecting a new bulldozer delay next...... have they even set a official date yet anyway. Intels got mad moola so I think there something up their sleave. If b.d. is really a contender intel will unleash a monster.......... or just waiting on tax return money lol Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:05 Reply
#6 DanishDevil
In b4 they add a pin and change it to skt 2012 to match the release year. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:16 Reply
#7 WhiteLotus
DanishDevil said: In b4 they add a pin and change it to skt 2012 to match the release year. And it somehow causes the end of the world because it becomes self aware... it's just that powerful.
:D And it somehow causes the end of the world because it becomes self aware... it's just that powerful.:D Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:21 Reply
#8 ironwolf
Quad channel? When does the madness end? Soon we will be ordering a case 'o RAM LOL. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:34 Reply
#9 Makaveli
WhiteLotus said: Wait I thought Q1 of 2012 was when Ivybridge was out. I'm so confused. Is Ivy Bridge a tick or tock?
Is it not just a shrink of the Current model SB to 22nm with some minor improvements?
I guess the answer to the first question will answer the second one anyone knows? Is Ivy Bridge a tick or tock?Is it not just a shrink of the Current model SB to 22nm with some minor improvements?I guess the answer to the first question will answer the second one anyone knows? Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:41 Reply
#10 TheLostSwede
It's Tick+ Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:43 Reply
#11 DigitalUK
im thinking bulldozer as well, hopefully intel have got wind of something they dont like (win win for us) unless you have been waiting for sandy bridge-e and ivy bridge. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 17:44 Reply
#12 Crap Daddy
Intel still has to launch this year the Core i7-995X Extreme Edition so I don't think the time is right to compete with their own products. When they put Sandy out they were still in competition with themselves. If you wanted to buy a new CPU this year the only question was to go with Nehalem or Sandy and until autumn it will be the same. I think SB-E is not in competition with BD as BD will be priced and positioned performance wise against the current Sandy Bridge CPUs. SB-E will be high end with the price tag attached. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 18:10 Reply
#13 jpierce55
They could always hold off on a release if they think the BD is another Phenom as well. Why release something you can tweak and make better when the competition is down.......
That said I hope the BD is awesome. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 18:11 Reply
#14 seronx
Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu my new computer.....
:roll: Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 19:09 Reply
#15 MatTheCat
omfg ffs wtf pos!!
So no LGA 2011 socket until 2012?
If Bulldozer can outcompete the 2600K, then I am gonna have to bite at that. Never considered a i7 920 a great enough upgrade (for gaming) over my E8400 (I have seen performance boost on similar machine and wasn't that impressed). Then when the 2600K came along, that only marginally improved upon the i7 920-960 series. Not really the upgrade that I had been holding off for. But at this rate, I am gonna be stuck with my E8400 for BF3 release time.....this cannot happen! Bulldozer better be good....real good. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 20:23 Reply
#16 twicksisted
lol all these posts with people who are holidng out for months on end till the next best thing is out :D
Mkes me laugh really... theres always going to be a next best thing so buy what you can now and enjoy... besides, buying the current best will always cost at least 40% more ;)
Also to MatTheCat... the 2600k kicks the crap out of the dual core 8400... not sure what kind of increase in performance youre holding out for... perhaps you have to wait till 2014 Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 20:35 Reply
#17 St.Alia-Of-The-Knife
MatTheCat said: So no LGA 2011 socket until 2012? lolol fail, they should just name it to lLGA 2012 :laugh: lolol fail, they should just name it to lLGA 2012 :laugh: Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 21:32 Reply
#18 Damn_Smooth
Why the hell is everything being delayed? If they are as far along with Ivy as they claim to be, it will be pointless to even release SB-E.
At the rate we're going, SB-E, Ivy, and Bulldozer will be launched on the same day. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 21:35 Reply
#19 Trackr
This makes sense to me. It took them two years to follow up with Sandy Bridge after Nehalem.
Now they're going to release an update to an incredibly successful processor line-up in under a year?
Of course, this also means that Ivy Bridge has to be delayed until at least June 2012..
If only you could trust a major corporation's ETA. Deadlines just mean nothing to them.. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 21:37 Reply
#20 St.Alia-Of-The-Knife
one thing is for sure, we wont be seeing ivy bridge for a long time Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 21:40 Reply
#21 Thefumigator
Damn_Smooth said: Why the hell is everything being delayed? If they are as far along with Ivy as they claim to be, it will be pointless to even release SB-E.
At the rate we're going, SB-E, Ivy, and Bulldozer will be launched on the same day. I think the industry learnt something from the phenom TLB bug...
maybe intel found a similar bug and prefers to delay instead of releasing it at all costs... delay wouldnt be that harmful.
If core 2 duos was delayed 6 months, history wouldn't have been any different. successful products may be delayed. I think the industry learnt something from the phenom TLB bug...maybe intel found a similar bug and prefers to delay instead of releasing it at all costs... delay wouldnt be that harmful.If core 2 duos was delayed 6 months, history wouldn't have been any different. successful products may be delayed. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 22:11 Reply
#22 Hayder_Master
It sould be delayed‏,‏‎ why they want kill 1155 so quick. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 22:54 Reply
#23 Damn_Smooth
Thefumigator said: I think the industry learnt something from the phenom TLB bug...
maybe intel found a similar bug and prefers to delay instead of releasing it at all costs... delay wouldnt be that harmful.
If core 2 duos was delayed 6 months, history wouldn't have been any different. successful products may be delayed. I thought SB-E was just Sandy with more cores. There shouldn't have been a bug to be found. I thought SB-E was just Sandy with more cores. There shouldn't have been a bug to be found. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 22:54 Reply
#24 TheMailMan78
Big Member Thefumigator said: I think the industry learnt something from the phenom TLB bug...
maybe intel found a similar bug and prefers to delay instead of releasing it at all costs... delay wouldnt be that harmful.
If core 2 duos was delayed 6 months, history wouldn't have been any different. successful products may be delayed. Sandy had a bug too if you remember back. Big recall on the first release. Sandy had a bug too if you remember back. Big recall on the first release. Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 22:58 Reply
#25 ViperXTR
it will be pushed all the way to December 21, 2012 Posted on Jun 30th 2011, 23:06 Reply
STATE COLLEGE -- There are overtime football games and then there are tales of survival.
What happened at Beaver Stadium on Saturday night was the latter. And while no season is allowed to die officially until at least around Thanksgiving, the fact is, some do much earlier.
The Penn State Nittany Lions' season would have moved on regardless of whether they had managed to execute the near-miracle they did in beating Michigan 43-40 in four OT periods. But, in the words of Miracle Max, you might have been able to diagnose it as "mostly dead."
The Lions needed this game a lot more than Michigan did. Losing it would have induced an acid rain shower on their spirit, no matter the team's resiliency their coach Bill O'Brien keeps referring to. And against many stacks of odds at various junctures, they did it.
Down by 10 points midway in the fourth quarter, they got a vital 43-yard field goal from their resurrected place kicker Sam Ficken. Then, shedding a pass interference flag against Adrian Amos that probably should have picked up due to an uncatchable pass 10 yards beyond receiver Jeremy Gallon, they finally stopped the Wolverines and set out with 80 yards to go for a tying TD and 50 seconds in which to do score it.
"We really just came together there," said first-year student quarterback Christian Hackenberg. "I think as a team we really had the fire behind us. We thought we were gonna be able to get it done and we did."
They used less than half their allotted time -- 23 seconds. Thanks to a pair of spectacular catches of Hackenberg passes by Brandon Felder (29 yards) and then Allen Robinson (36 yards to the 1), the Lions sent the game to extra sessions.
Robinson leaped high above a true first-year student Michigan cornerback named Channing Stribbling who is commonly used only in dime packages. The catch will be remembered in Penn State lore for many years. Robinson nearly scored on it, coming down inches from the goal line. Hackenberg would sneak it in, again by inches, on the next play -- with no timeouts left and untold chaos sure to ensue had they not made it.
The backstory is this: At a couple of junctures during the second half and at some other points earlier this season, Robinson rather demonstratively exhibited their frustration at Hackenberg not getting them the ball. And like many true freshmen quarterbacks learning the ropes, Hackenberg has indeed been slow on the trigger when they could have hit the Lions' spectacular wideout.
At one point in this game, the two jawed at each other on the sideline before O'Brien and receiver coach Stan Hixon stepped in as peacemakers. Moments later, QB and WR talked over strategy in a more orderly way.
"I wouldn't say we went at it too much," said Robinson. "Anybody wants the ball in a game like this. But they were going through their reads and that's what they were reading. It's not something [where] I can complain.
"Sometimes I might say I'm open and they don't think I'm open. So, it's all about what he's reading at the time."
Hackenberg didn't bother making reads on the play that 36-yard pass to the Michigan 1. They found their guy "with the 38-inch vertical leap and let them go after it." Extra football followed.
There were four of those OTs. The game lasted about an hour longer than it should have. And now the Penn State season will last longer than it might have.
Two of the Wolverines' chances went poof thanks to bad placekicks by a left-footed kicker. Michigan Men of a certain age will wince at that reference. Four decades later, Mike Lantry needs no more abuse and the truth is, one of the two calls of their errant kicks against Ohio State in successive years was probably wrong. But the sad fact is, fifth-year senior Brendan Gibbons will now probably be entered as a footnote next to Lantry.
And wonder of wonders, the Penn State victory was ultimately set up by a favorable officials call on the penultimate play -- a pass-interference flag in the end zone on Michigan safety Jarrod Wilson in coverage of Robinson.
That put the ball on the 2. And Bill Belton's blast wide off left tackle and around the edge set off a frenzied field rush and long, loud exhale from a vibrating throng very close in population to the 107,000 that began the game.
It included some strange coaching decisions: In the first quarter, a needless fourth-down gamble deep in PSU territory by O'Brien that blew up in their face; in the first overtime, an ultra-conservative decision by Michigan coach Brady Hoke to set up Gibbons for the would-be winning field goal (after Ficken had missed) by centering the ball for a 40-yard attempt -- not exactly a chip shot.
It was sloppy at many times. It was full of goofy turnovers that seemed to make little sense. It went on forever, the longest contest in school history, longer even than the post-2005 Orange Bowl.
But it was one hell of a fun game to watch.
"I think I said [to Hoke] that somebody had to win this thing," said O'Brien. "Both teams hung in there. Both teams fought hard. And thankfully, Penn State came out on the winning end.
"I just says a lot about our kids, a very resilient bunch of kids that care about each other."
They would've needed to be plenty resilient had they lost. It would've been an absolute crusher, a dispiriting experience indigestible during another bye week. But the Lions won when they really needed to after that ostrich egg at Indiana, maybe the ugliest PSU loss in a decade.
And had they lost this, it would've been recalled, rightly or not, as another crank job by the officials.
Penn State has had several notable OT experiences over the years since the tie-break rule took effect in 1996. The first few were not pleasant.
There was the 2000 Iowa game, lost on a sudden turnover. Then, the pair of excruciating results in 2002 that each involved controversial Big Ten officiating. Which is kind of like referring to cake icing as sweet.
The first came at home against an Iowa team that ended up winning the league undefeated and ended with Joe Paterno chasing the head ref out Beaver Stadium's south tunnel. The second involved a whole bunch of botched calls late, two that actually benefited Penn State. But the worst one was the infamous two-feet-in Tony Johnson catch ruled out of bounds. Together, those games are credited with catalyzing instant replay review in college football.
Penn State needed no review in the fourth and final overtime. They did what no official could equivocate and no capricious bounce of the ball could disrupt. They ran Bill Belton for that last two yards. They walked in.
"The line did a great job," said Belton. "[Fullback] Pat Zerbe was able to pick up their man and I was able to get around the corner and get in."
And so, the season marches on. A lot more alive than it could have been.
DAVID JONES: djones@pennlive.com.
Follow @djoneshoop
The OpenShot Kickstarter campaign is going strong, and we have now completed 3 full days of fundraising! We have already raised over $3,500, which is over 17% of the goal. The average pledge is around $26, and 71% of our pledges are coming in from external websites (29% are coming from the Kickstarter website).
In order to keep our momentum going, we need to widen our base, and have more backers learn about our project. So, even if you can not pledge money, you can still help us spread the word by clicking the "share" button in Facebook or Google+, and posting our Kickstarter campaign on your wall (or stream). That is highly effective at finding new backers!
Free T-Shirt: If you can find a video editing website (news, forums, community, etc...) with respectable web traffic, that is interested in interviewing me about OpenShot and our Kickstarter campaign, or promoting our campaign in some way, I will send you a free T-Shirt (as featured on our Kickstarter page). You can contact me at jonathan@openshot.org if you find one.
In “Drop-Shipping for Ecommerce, Part 1: Supply Chain History,” my first article, I addressed basic supply chain evolution inside of ecommerce. Last month, in “Part 2: The Basics,” I defined drop-shipping, reviewed contradictory real-world advice about it, estimated how large it might be, and outlined some specific challenges to adopting it.
This article will address how drop-shipping alters the traditional relationships between suppliers and retailers.
Complications with Drop-Shipping
While drop-shipping presents advantages to retailers and suppliers, it has drawbacks. Many retailers have tried drop-shipping and failed. According to Commerce Hub, a drop-ship solutions provider, “The lack of inter-company system integration is even more problematic in the drop-ship fulfillment model, because record keeping and track-ability become even more critical as thousands of orders are sourced through hundreds of suppliers. In drop-ship fulfillment, thousands of orders are being shipped to thousands of locations. The choreography of this is much more complex than single orders with thousands of line items being shipped to a few warehouses.”
Retailers also experience a loss of control as they must now rely on their suppliers to ship orders in a timely and expert manner. A supplier's failure to execute can lead to customer service nightmares, back orders, complicated returns processing, and branding problems with packaging and packing slips.
There are challenges for suppliers as well. Picking, packing, and shipping consumer orders is a much different process than shipping pallets or case packs to a retailer or distribution center. Drop-shipping can require updates to warehousing, fulfillment, and invoicing systems, as well as changes to processes and channel policies. Plus, a degree of inventory risk will be shifted to the supplier.
One of the greatest challenges faced by retailers and suppliers is system-to-system integrations with trading partners to automate drop-shipping processes and the lack of any kind of standard for performing and maintaining those integrations. This is a challenge that industry organizations like e-DSS.org are hoping to address by providing a common set of data standards and best practices. You can find a list of seven additional high level drop-shipping challenges in my previous article under the “Routinely Complicated” section.
Putting it all together, it can start to appear complicated to the point of impossibility. In my experience, that isn't entirely far from the truth. But the one key that will make drop-shipping successful as an ecommerce supply chain management technique is relationships.
Relationships: From B2B to Integration
With drop-shipping, you are primarily replacing what used to be a B2B — business to business — discussion, where a retailer is negotiating with a vendor to purchase inventory at wholesale prices to then resell, with an integration discussion, where both sides need to understand the virtual part of the relationship and work together to allocate resources to handle different business processes and new technology requirements.
Here is a graphic of the major data, business process, and integration flows.
This commit-to-integrate discussion, and how each in the relationship approaches it, is the single key that will facilitate drop-shipping success or guarantee drop-shipping failure with no shortage of pain and suffering. Common and aligned expectations between the retailer and the supplier (drop shipper) are critical.
Partners, not Vendors and Customers
Traditional supply chain relationships and business processes also do not fit into this new economic world. When a retailer decides to embark on a drop-ship or inventory-less fulfillment model, there are significant factors that need to be taken into consideration.
The first thing the retailer has to acknowledge is that drop-shipping is not just another fulfillment model. Since the financial equation is changed, the vendor-retailer relationship is changed too. While not having they actual purchase the inventory is financially beneficial to a retailer, it actually reduces the amount of leverage the retailer has over the vendor's behavior. Moreover, in return for the opportunity to market more products through the retailer's channel, the vendor is now taking on all of the financial risk, while at the same time having far less up-front financial security.
In traditional fulfillment models, the retailer typically dictates the process and technical requirements and the vendor can perform a cost/benefit analysis because the benefit (the purchase order) has already been determined. Because financial negotiation has occurred between the merchant and vendor, it makes sense for the technical process discussion to be done separately or even outside of the retailer's organization.
In the drop-shipping fulfillment model, the conversations are much more intertwined. Because the retailer is going to be asking the vendor to spend time and money to work with the retailer on the promise of revenue, the vendor is going to be more resistant to additional technical and process demands. Vendors will also have less desire to add costs to participate in a drop-shipping program because of the lower revenue per order normally associated with consumer-driven orders. These factors make it difficult for retailers to leverage existing partner on-boarding processes or (perhaps even more difficult) outsourced vendor management. It is simply too difficult for a third party to properly represent the retailer during these discussions.
Success Factors
Identifying and utilizing partners for a drop-ship or endless-aisle program is different than for a traditional order fulfillment method. Because there is no commitment to buy, retailers have potentially more supply partners to choose from. In turn though, this lack of financial incentive can affect the willingness of the supplier to spend time and money to meet a retailer's compliance needs. Finally, because of the distributed nature of drop-shipping, some component of electronic data exchange cannot be optional for the supplier.
Here are the two foundational factors that need to be considered.
Logistics capabilities. When selecting a supplier to participate in a drop-shipping initiative, retailers must ensure that the supplier can do single-item fulfillment, and that its ability to do this matches the retailer's needs — i.e., shipping times and expedited options. The ability for suppliers to select individual items (pick and pack) in their warehouse or fulfillment center is a prerequisite for drop-shipping. Retailers can evaluate this ability if the supplier offers direct-to-consumer fulfillment via its own ecommerce site. Many suppliers underestimate the costs of switching to a single item fulfillment model, so be cautious of those who promise to make the switch on your behalf.
Technology options. Because both sides will need to commit time and resources to drop-shipping, while neither is committing to a specific revenue number, it is important to minimize the technical excuses for not participating. This means providing multiple options to exchange data at no or little cost. Options need to range from partners with very little technical capabilities to those with mature and robust ecommerce infrastructures. Typical data-exchange options are as follows. Self-service, manual portal. (Do not discount manual work. More advanced integrations are sexy, but sometimes not practical.) Non-integrated batch process (spreadsheet). Automated, file based integration option. Web services (API, XML) automated option.
Because both sides will need to commit time and resources to drop-shipping, while neither is committing to a specific revenue number, it is important to minimize the technical excuses for not participating. This means providing multiple options to exchange data at no or little cost. Options need to range from partners with very little technical capabilities to those with mature and robust ecommerce infrastructures. Typical data-exchange options are as follows.
Alignment: Consumer Is Key
The good news is that there is strong alignment on all of these issues: the consumer. Many more brands and suppliers have begun selling direct to the consumer in the past five years. This aligns the supply side of the equation directly (and in competition with, but that's another article) with the retail side in that the consumer experience drives everything. Consumers need descriptive product data, they need to have trust in inventory certainty, they need a consumer-friendly ordering process, and they require item-level logistics that are trackable and returnable.
In short, the world is aligning to the consumer, and that is driving new partnerships in the supply chain, and especially partnerships between those that would like to be on one side or the other of drop-shipping, to flourish and find success.
See the next installment of “Drop-Shipping for Ecommerce” at “Part 4: Winning Strategies.”
A merger between Anheuser Busch-InBev and SABMiller, the world's two largest brewers, is coming under criticism from the International Brotherhood of Teamsters.
ADVERTISEMENT
Teamsters President Jim Hoffa urged the Department of Justice (DOJ) to reject the beermakers' $100 billion merger as it is currently proposed in a letter obtained Tuesday.
The Teamsters are concerned about hundreds of planned layoffs at a Miller brewery in Eden, N.C., which is slated to shut down in September. The brewery, where workers are represented by the Teamsters, is responsible for more than 12 percent of the company's production.
Hoffa suggested the Eden brewery closure was intended to pave the way for the DOJ to approve the merger, but they urged the company to sell it rather than shut it down.
“The company decided to close and not sell the brewery because it did not want the facility to end up in the hands of a competitor,” Hoffa said.
“If this closure is permitted to move forward, it will not only affect good American jobs — roughly 500 at the brewery alone — but also negatively impact competition in the industry,” they added.
The DOJ should reject the beer company merger unless the companies agree to keep the Eden brewery operating, Hoffa said.
WASHINGTON -- Jeb Bush's much-chronicled difficulties in describing how, with 20/20 hindsight, they would have handled the Iraq invasion have raised doubts about the former Florida governor's dexterity as a presidential candidate.
Shouldn't they have been better prepared? the wonderment goes. Will their brother's legacy prove problematic on other fronts? asked The New York Times' Maureen Dowd. Perhaps it is just that hard to whitewash the war's origins, critics argue.
Add to these concerns another, put forward by former Sen. Gary Hart (D-Colo.) in an interview with The Huffington Post on Monday. What if, in fact, Bush believed their first answer -- that even in retrospect, they would have supported the war authorization -- and scrambled frantically when that response was met with raised eyebrows?
“I'm trying to avoid being categorical about a whole family,” Hart said. “But the Bushes do not demonstrate analytical minds. They demonstrate visceral minds. The father I knew and liked a lot. The sons respond to events and respond to stimuli, and they are not analytical thinkers. And that comes out in their rhetoric or lack thereof and their thought process and how they look at complex issues. Governor Bush, half their mind is how to protect their brother. The other half is, How do I answer without alienating two-thirds of the Republican Party?”
Hart, who publicly opposed the Iraq War when it was being launched, was making a larger case that the current debate over that decision has been fairly trivial. Rather than wondering what presidential candidates now think of the war 13 years after it began, they argued, it would be more valuable to know what they would have done in the moment.
Still, Hart's take on Bush was far more raw and personal than much of the commentary about the former governor's foibles this past week. Asked about it, Bush spokesperson Tim Miller said they were “going to count Gary Hart criticizing Governor Bush's judgment as a win” -- a reference undoubtedly to Hart's scandal-plagued presidential run in 1987-1988.
Other critics of the Iraq War have made points similar to Hart's broader commentary. Former Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) told HuffPost that some of the revisionism being peddled today -- that most everyone agreed at the time that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction and represented a threat to the United States –- doesn't “pass muster.”
“Frankly,” Conrad added, “knowing what we knew then, we shouldn't have gone to war.”
Former Sen. Bob Graham (D-Fla.), who served as chairperson of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence during the run-up to the Iraq invasion, took that argument further, telling HuffPost that the George W. Bush administration essentially misled Congress by withholding evidence that cast doubts on the case for war.
“After 9/11,” said Graham, “I think we moved into a period of more deception than cover-up, where information was withheld from people and in some instances public statements were made which the people who made those statements knew or should have known they were not consistent with the actual evidence, which has and continues to be classified.”
Lawmakers, they said, were simply too willing to trust that what the White House claimed was true. And because those claims have since been proven false, they suggested, there probably won't be the same relationship between the executive and legislative branches again.
But Graham, who served as governor of Florida before going to the Senate, would not make the same personal argument that Hart did when it came to Jeb Bush.
Regime Change In Cuba — Paul Craig Roberts
Letter from a reader:
I wish I could visit Cuba while it's still Cuba, even though poor they have better medical care than the US. The first thing that will happen when the US starts doing business, the old cars will disappear. The streets will be one big traffic jam and the hand pulled carts gone. The Cuban food will be taken over by Burger King, Pizza Hut and Hard Rock Café. Saw it happen in Cancun within three years. The Cuban music will end up rap, screaming vocalizations of young women who stick their tongues out constantly and sing about nothing over and over and over. US Hotels will open and use the Cubans as cheap labor. Condo's will pop up all over the island so retirees can live cheaply like Panama. The CUBAN CULTURE will disappear and once again casinos, drugs and prostitution will return and it will be like it was before the revolution. WE WILL take over and RUIN THE PLACE!! just like we ruined Vegas, San Francisco and Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Mexico. The CIA will pick their government and use gitmo to punish anyone who doesn't agree, just like Abu Ghraib. I wish I could go and warn them all, listen to their great music and eat their wonderful ethnic food. I wish I could warn them about what is coming.
Regime Change In Cuba
Paul Craig Roberts
Normalization of relations with Cuba is not the result of a diplomatic breakthrough or a change of heart on the part of Washington. Normalization is a result of US corporations seeking profit opportunities in Cuba, such as developing broadband Internet markets in Cuba.
Before the American left and the Cuban government find happiness in the normalization, they should consider that with normalization comes American money and a US Embassy. The American money will take over the Cuban economy. The embassy will be a home for CIA operatives to subvert the Cuban government. The embassy will provide a base from which the US can establish NGOs whose gullible members can be called to street protest at the right time, as in Kiev, and the embassy will make it possible for Washington to groom a new set of political leaders.
In short, normalization of relations means regime change in Cuba. Soon Cuba will be another of Washington's vassal states.
Conservatives and Republicans such as Peggy Noonan and Senator Marco Rubio, have made it clear that Castro is “a bad man who turned an almost-paradise into a floating prison” and that normalizing relations with Cuba will not “grant the Castro regime legitimacy.”
Noonan forgets about Guantanamo, Washington's offshore torture prison in Cuba where hundreds of innocent people have been held and tortured for a large part of their lives by the exceptional Americans. The Cuban Revolution intended to free Cubans from foreign domination and from exploitation by foreign capitalists. Whatever the likelihood of success, a half century of Washington's hostility has as much to do with Cuba's economic problems as communist ideology.
The self-righteousness of Americans is extreme. Noonan is happy. American money is now going to defeat Castro's life work. And if the money doesn't do it, the CIA will. The agency has long been waiting to avenge the Bay of Pigs, and normalization of relations brings the opportunity.
And while the concept impresses with sculpted haunches and a rakish profile, the answer lies in the space at the bow. While the dash-to-axle ratio of the concept is just long enough to suggest room for the 3.0-liter EcoBoost to be mounted longitudinally, the intentional understatement of this proportion is clear: The production Continental will be front- or all-wheel drive.
That production car -- in fact, all Lincolns going forward -- will also bear a version of this new face, as the split-wing grille soars into the history books. As Continentals go, the new mug has international cues and intent. The upright posture and chrome ring around the deeply set mesh recall Jaguar, but the plinth (as the Lincoln design team calls it) that supports the Lincoln badge recalls Kia's tiger maw, though half as toothy. "This new face gives confidence; it puts the face of Lincoln where it needs to be for future expansion," says David Woodhouse, Lincoln's design director.
And where the Lincoln most needs to expand is China, a country where large, chauffeur-driven luxury sedans are king. "The proportion is really essential to what we do," says Woodhouse. "The line of the car is very special. The gesture of the car is very upper-scale; it's very confident. It's not trying too hard. The way it sits and is settled in the back end gives it the big-car, luxury feel."
View 18 Photos
It also gives it the look of a certain British luxury carmaker that also has a Continental in its lineup, which is no bad thing. But the lighting sequence is pure American drama. Approach the car, smart key in hand, and the large Lincoln star in the grille fades on, followed by the LED tubes in the headlamps and foglamps. Last to light up are the five LED "ice-cubes," which are also shaped like miniature Lincoln stars, in each headlamp. Various laws will prevent the light-up badge from making it to production, but Woodhouse says the other parts of the welcome sequence are being evaluated.
The full-width rear taillamps, a Lincoln signature, have a similar fade-on sequence, which, like the pulsing ignition button, are meant to give life and warmth to the concept.
View 18 Photos
The attention to detail continues from the quad tailpipes around to the 21-inch wheels. "Every manufacturer does flats around the wheel cuts," says Woodhouse, pointing to the flattened portion of the wheel arch. "Ours have S-cuts, and in here you get light puddling and reflection -- more attention than you get on any other car."
Large swaths of chrome run around the car at rocker level, giving the appearance that the lower body was partially dipped in chrome. Woodhouse says this brightwork accentuates the horizontal and breaks up the volume of the sides, which you many notices are devoid of door handles.
The replacements are four chromed wings sprouting from the beltline that are elegant in look and operation. Lincoln calls the system "E-latch," and the doors release via a push button under each upturned wing. Rear ingress is further facilitated by door hinges that open to nearly 90 degrees. Yes, rear-opening suicide doors were evaluated, but the Lincoln team had other plans. "We have a long-travel hinge, and what you end up with is a very large ingress opening that quite frankly is superior to the suicide door in terms ingress," says Woodhouse.
"We put a lot of emphasis on a very large opening for this back seat because this has so much emphasis, not only in the U.S. but for our China market. It's really important that we have a really spacious back seat," said Mike Celentino, Lincoln's chief program engineer.
Says Woodhouse: "The Rhapsody Blue really leads us from the exterior to the interior. It's 'tone-on-tone,' or monochromatic modernism, an incredibly modern way to do luxury these days." Their team also focused on a sensory progression throughout the cabin. "The softest materials are at the bottom," they say, gesturing at the soft wool carpet. Soft suede and yards of cool chrome are close at hand, but there is an interesting flourish overhead: a silk-covered headliner with a hint of woven shine that's firm to the touch.
Push a few buttons, and the front passenger seat slides forward as the rear seatback reclines and a lower leg support rises up. Push a few more, and a thick-mirrored tray the size and shape of a King James Bible rises up from the center console and rotates over your thigh as if by magic. Opening it reveals a small touchscreen for watching movies or controlling the climate and infotainment systems. Just behind your left elbow is a champagne refrigerator and a cubby for the thick-stemmed, custom flutes, matched to two different sets of cupholders: one for when the vehicle is parked and another for when it's moving. Two leather-bound, zippered compartments on the front seatbacks pop off lugs and hidden magnetic clasps to become slim attach cases.
View 18 Photos
Front occupants are spoiled, as well; the concept boasts seats that are heated and cooled and adjustable 30 ways, thanks to 11 air bladders strategically placed in the seat cushion and all the way up the seatback to shoulder level. Winged sections suspended by elastomeric fingers sprout from the seat back and cushion. These wings gently cradle your love handles, latissimus, and shoulder areas in a passive, not a mechanical or air-bladder-supported, grip. A cutline about a third of the way into the seat cushion allows air bladders to independently support the right and left thigh. This articulation was added based on research Ford engineers performed on the leg position of occupants while riding and driving.
Look up to see the sky through an electrochromic sunroof. If you've flown on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner, you've seen this technology in the windows, replacing the sunshades. Woodhouse says Lincoln would love to do the same for the windows in future cars as a way to eliminate the complicated shutters and drapes found across all of saloondom. "This is much neater. It could be on the back window, the side windows imagine the top portion of the windshield darkening to block the sun," says Woodhouse.
The electrochromic sunroof, attach cases, and hideaway computer are all for show, but the spiral-drilled mesh speaker covers are not. They're part of the 19-speaker Revel Ultima audio system, installed on the concept to kick off the 10-year exclusive deal between Lincoln and Harman, the makers of Revel.
And despite all the noise and chrome, Woodhouse and Lincoln's president Kumar Galhotra hope you understand why they brought back the Continental name and who they are targeting.
View 18 Photos
"Continental was derived from intercontinental style," Woodhouse says. "It was very important that it was informed from around the globe. It wasn't purely American. It was a global feeling."
"It's such an iconic name, but it is a very, very modern car," Galhotra says. "The emphasis overall for this vehicle is quiet luxury. And by quiet, I mean quietness in all aspects, not just NVH. NVH is important, but in attitude and in beauty, in interior, all of it to create a space for the customers a serene place, a sanctuary. That name is so well-associated with the best of Lincoln, the next logical step for us was to create this flagship sedan that offers the best of Lincoln."
Says Galhotra: "It lives up to the Continental name. And that name is huge in China."
This week on Turned Out A Punk, Damian is joined by Chris Murphy from Sloan for an episode 20 years in the making! Listen as the two discuss the impact hardcore punk had on Chris's outlook and career in music; as they became a Canadian rock icon (Damian's words not his).
Also chewed on: - First contact with the Sex Pistols at a lunchtime grade 7 school dance. - NEVER DRESS LIKE A PUNK TO IMPRESS THE PUNKS ON THE SCHOOL SPONSORED “DRESS LIKE A PUNK DAY”. - Liking U2 being a subversive act…. in 1982 Halifax. - The greatness of the Jellyfishbabies - Trying to determine whether or not you like Minor Threat over the phone - CKDU: Halifax's window to the greater music world - The secret Halifax roots of 80's Montreal Hardcore. - A brief history of Halifax Punk - Seeing Capitalist Alienation - Damian explaining Power Violence to Chris - “I wasn't even into Sonic Youth, I thought that stuff was crap” - The vocal range of Ian MacKaye versus Pat Dubar - “White Magic” punk - Road tripping to hang out in DC to see shows and living in a van for 3 weeks… twice - Going off to see the Wizard of DC - The Importance of Ian MacKaye and Fugazi… WWID? (again) - Punk as an introduction to irony - Never let you parents find your un-credited Angry Samoans' lyrics transcriptions - Milo Goes To Sloan Shows - Applying the strategy of punk history - Being more like Dave Grohl than Kurt Cobain
0 Some good news about all that construction on I-5 near Tacoma
TACOMA, Wash. - For those who regularly traverse Interstate 5 near Tacoma and have wondered, while crawling past the city at a glacial pace, when the construction there might end, there's some good news coming.
While it still will be some time before everything is buttoned up, tangible progress is being made on the project to repave I-5 and add HOV lanes and a new freeway surface in that congested stretch near the Tacoma Dome.
Scroll down to continue reading
TRENDING HEADLINES
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE NEWS APP
A number of key ramps will be reopening this fall, and work on the new northbound bridge spanning the Puyallup River is nearing completion.
“We're seeing the light at the end of the tunnel,” said Cara Mitchell, a spokesperson for the state Department of Transportation.
Here's a rundown on what to expect in the coming months:
Reopening ramps
Weather permitting, three ramps that have been closed for some time should reopen before Thanksgiving.
The Street ramp to Interstate 705 from downtown should be open (weather permitting) in early October, Mitchell said.
The state Route 7 ramp to southbound I-5 also should be open by the end of October.
And Exit 133, which provides access from northbound I-5 to the Tacoma city center, should be open by Nov. 15. In addition, a new I-5 alignment there should be ready for traffic. Currently, drivers going northbound on I-5 and heading to Tacoma city center have to take Exit 132 and wind their way along to the I-705 ramp.
The “weather permitting” part, Mitchell said, has to do with how much rain is in the forecast, which affects crews' ability to do paving and striping work.
There still are long-term ramp closures underway, including the southbound I-5 ramp to State Route 7, which is closed through the fall as crews realign the ramp to match the new realignment of I-5.
While it might be frustrating for drivers, that closure has allowed crews to begin work on pier 2 of the new McKinley Street bridge, which is being rebuilt to seismic standards and in order to accommodate a wider I-5 (that will eventually have HOV lanes). That overpass is expected to reopen to traffic in late winter 2018, according to DOT's website.
New Puyallup River bridge update
Work is humming along on the new northbound bridge that spans the Puyallup River, which will be wider than the current bridge and lead I-5 along a straighter path when all is said and done. That bridge is part of DOT's Portland Avenue to Port of Tacoma Road northbound HOV project on I-5.
Drivers exiting northbound I-5 to Port of Tacoma Road (exit 136B) and East 20th Street (exit 136A) will exit the mainline before the river and cross the new Puyallup River Bridge to reach the interchange. They'll need to exit about a half-mile earlier than usual to take the new bridge up to the exit. If they miss that, they'll have to go all the way up to 54th Street in Fife and make their way back down south.
That bridge will open to ramp traffic as early as the weekend of Oct. 13, Mitchell said.
The new bridges over the river, when fully built, will have HOV lanes going north and south and will be wider and straighter than the current roadway, which should be safer and allow for more visibility, DOT said.
“I think it's going to alleviate congestion. I think the straighter, smoother alignment and additional HOV lanes will alleviate congestion, which we need, let's face it,” said Tim Wasson, a DOT field engineer working on the Puyallup River bridge project.
Work on a new southbound bridge over the Puyallup River should start in 2018, Mitchell said.
The new bridges will also be more environmentally friendly. Both will have fewer piers in the river, making fish passage easier and decreasing the bridge's overall footprint in the water.
A year of progress
Across all of DOT's current I-5 projects in the Tacoma area, the opening of the new HOV lanes is expected to happen last. DOT's been at it a long time, but the projects are in the home stretch. Construction on 17 HOV projects in Pierce County started in 2000 and is expected to be complete in 2022, Mitchell said. They total $1.6 billion.
To date, 21.1 HOV lane miles and the Tacoma Narrows Bridge have been built. Another nearly 11 HOV lane miles are being constructed in the final four projects, three of which are underway. The final HOV project for Pierce County — the new Portland Avenue to Port of Tacoma Road southbound HOV project, which includes building the new southbound bridge over the Puyallup River — will start in 2018.
Significant progress has been made this year, Mitchell said: Altogether, state DOT will have brought three new I-5 bridges online this year: the Puyallup River bridge, the bridge on I-705 next to the Tacoma Dome, and the bridge a little farther south on I-5 that goes over the eastbound State Route 16 ramp (that project will eventually connect HOV lanes from State Route 16 to I-5).
“That's a lot of movement to accomplish in one year,” Mitchell said.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Jordy Clasie is heading to Southampton (Picture: Getty)
Southampton are reportedly set to announce a transfer deal to sign Dutch midfielder Jordy Clasie within the coming hours.
Clasie was tipped to join the Saints if Morgan Schneiderlin moved to Manchester United and, with the France international now on their way to Old Trafford in a deal worth around £27m, the path is clear for the Feyenoord ace to head to Southampton.
According to reports, Southampton have fought off competition from Premier League rivals Newcastle to land the 24-year-old, who is seen as a straight replacement for Schneiderlin.
The fee is believed to be in the region of £8m and the move would see Saints boss Ronald Koeman, who managed the Dutch outfit from 2011-2014, reunited with the Feyenoord captain.
days
hours
mins
secs
I'm a perfectionist. And, no, that's not a good thing.
I used to think that being a perfectionist is linked to being a genius and doing an excellent work.
But it's not.
It's linked to fear, shame, and seeking approval.
I would do anything to avoid being seen as imperfect. Not because I want to do an excellent job; because I'm afraid of people wouldn't like the imperfect version of me.
Hard confession. I wish I can omit that last paragraph. But no, I want to suck and I want to do something imperfectly.
If you are anything like me, you would've probably come across sayings such as, “give yourself the permission to suck!”
And it may even sound cliché to some of you. It did sound cliché and stupid to me for a long time. But recently, something happened that made me deeply realize that I do need to give myself to permission to suck sometimes. I can't be perfect all the time.
I knew that before. But now I know it by heart and it's starting to become one of my basic beliefs about how I interact with life.
Here is how that happened.
What I Learned From Running English clubs
English is not my first language. I knew that if I wanted to become a professional blogger then I need to brush up my writing skills and also improve my English language.
That's why I decided to join a center for learning the English language in my country.
That was almost 2 years ago. I learned a lot and I'm now very grateful.
One month ago, I started teaching there. Never in my life did I teach anything to anyone. And never did I think, when I joined, that one day I would be teaching there.
We have that thing that is called English Clubs. It's a way to practice speaking. In order for an English club to be successful, it needs to be interactive. The topic should be interesting to most of the group and it needs to be controversial.
As an English club leader, you are responsible for creating a safe environment where people feel connected and secure. It's a foreign language and this is a group of strangers, so it's kind of uncomfortable to some people.
I was responsible for running those clubs.
I was responsible for connecting people. I was responsible for coming up with topics that would engage people. I was responsible for keeping the conversation going.
It's not that hard, but it's absolutely stressful. Especially if you are a perfectionist.
During the first week, I wanted every English club to be perfect. I wanted to make people enjoy and feel connected.
Whenever an English club goes bad, I feel as if I've failed myself and the students.
Let it be someone who is quiet and shy or someone who doesn't like the topic, I feel bad.
I feel intense feelings of anxiety and shame. And I try to make things ‘perfect' again.
But there was a moment in a certain English club that I still vividly remember. I looked at the people, looked at the window, looked at the people again, and thought to myself, “Hey, give yourself the permission to screw up!”
Give yourself the permission to have failures and bad English clubs. So what?
I don't know why that thought came up to my mind. Maybe I got sick of trying to do it perfectly. Maybe I realized that I won't ever do it perfectly. Or maybe because the guys I was sitting with and I were connected and comfortable talking.
All that I know that, from that moment, I stopped seeking perfection in my English clubs, from me and from my students.
And that's not the amazing part yet. Since I've decided to give myself the permission to screw up, I started running better English clubs where people really enjoy.
Ironically, when I stopped caring about perfection my performance improved. Unlike when I was trying to get it perfectly, people enjoyed the imperfect clubs.
How I Started Applying This To Other Areas In My Life
Socially, I'm trying to stop being a boring, perfect individual.
That means I'm no longer interested in projecting a perfect image to the people around me.
I'm willing to be not liked by some people and be OK with that. I'm willing to act in a stupid way sometimes and not hate my guts because of it.
That is huge because perfection has affected me socially in a negative way.
Perfection in social situations manifests itself as a way of protecting one's self of getting hurt. Also, as a way of gaining other people's approval and impressing them.
I would be perfect so that people wouldn't see the real me. I would be perfect so that people would love me.
In either case, it's about hiding who you actually are and putting up an act. An act that you hope would be perfect.
But people sense that. People can feel it when someone is not being himself. People don't like perfectionists because perfectionists are not real.
And as the old saying goes, “people are attracted to each other's rough edges”. It's your imperfections that would attract people to you. Trying to pretend that those imperfections don't exist is a big turn off.
So, give yourself the permission to suck here as well.
Not every person has to like you. You don't have to seem like you've got your shit together all the time. Your conversations can suck at times. You can say stupid things sometimes and laugh at yourself.
Perfect is boring. Perfect is scared. And being boring and scared, as far as I know, doesn't have a positive effect on your social life.
As a Writer, This Is Very Important…
Last week, I've not written that much. I've not published any new article as I'm used to and as I supposed to.
“I'm busy. I'm also tired. I would write more as soon as I find enough time and energy. After all, what work would I produce with this kind of energy? Poor work, I presume. People wouldn't like reading my articles unless they are masterpieces.”
And, boy, that was a mistake. That was a lie.
Yes, I was tired and busy. But not because of that I didn't write; I didn't write because I was scared.
Some of my articles started to get some traction. As a result, I felt pressure.
I felt as if I need to keep up that work and never do less than that. I felt I need to write only masterpieces and perfect articles.
But because I wanted to write ‘perfect' articles, I wrote nothing at all.
I tried to come up with topics, but I couldn't. And when I do find a topic, I can't even touch the keyboard.
Many writers have been through this before. The only way out is to stop pursuing perfection and give yourself the permission to suck.
By writing this article, I'm telling myself to stop seeking perfection. To screw up sometimes. To confirm the idea that consistency is impossible with perfection. And only when you give yourself the permission to screw up will you stay consistent.
I'm saying that to myself. And I'm also saying that to you. Give yourself that permission and you'll feel liberated.
Final Notes
Perfection, at its core, is an attempt to gain approval and avoid getting hurt.
It will not help you at all. Don't believe that perfection will help you do better work. It will do the opposite; it'll make sure you do no work at all.
What will help you do a better work is, counter-intuitively, screwing up!
By being comfortable screwing up, you are no longer after any kind of approval and you are not afraid of getting hurt.
People feel it when someone is not being real. And perfection makes you fake.
So, letting go of it can actually get you better results. It can make you get hurt and lose some approval, but it's better than being a prisoner to perfection.
“I prefer being disliked for who I am than being liked for who I am not.”
However, that doesn't mean you should just go out there and screw up blindly.
You still need to do your best. You still need to care and perform as good as you can.
Yes, a lot of paradoxes!
When you stop trying to impress, people get impressed. When you give yourself the permission to suck, you end up doing a good job.
With giving yourself the permission to suck, you still need to do your best.
Paradoxes everywhere. Guess that's what life actually is.
Now, if you would excuse me, I would like to publish this article as a way of allowing myself to screw up and stop seeking perfection.
Every choice in the top 10 rounds has an assigned value, and the total for each of a club's selections equals what it can spend in those rounds without incurring a penalty. Any bonus money above $125,000 given to an individual player picked in rounds 11-40 also counts against a team's bonus pool.
The Twins not only own the No. 1 overall pick in the 2017 Draft, but they also have the benefit of the largest bonus pool. MLB has notified teams of the official allotments, and Minnesota leads the way with $14,156,800 in spending power.
The Twins not only own the No. 1 overall pick in the 2017 Draft, but they also have the benefit of the largest bonus pool. MLB has notified teams of the official allotments, and Minnesota leads the way with $14,156,800 in spending power.
Every choice in the top 10 rounds has an assigned value, and the total for each of a club's selections equals what it can spend in those rounds without incurring a penalty. Any bonus money above $125,000 given to an individual player picked in rounds 11-40 also counts against a team's bonus pool.
Besides the Twins, six other clubs have an eight-figure spending pool: the Reds ($13,658,400), Rays ($12,528,100), Padres ($11,839,000), Athletics ($11,407,500), Brewers ($10,447,700) and Pirates ($10,135,900). Cincinnati, San Diego and Tampa Bay follow Minnesota -- in that order -- with choices at the very top of the Draft.
:: 2017 MLB Draft coverage ::
The Cardinals have the lowest bonus pool at $2,176,000. St. Louis forfeited its first-round pick by signing free agent Dexter Fowler, and it surrendered its second- and supplemental second-rounders as part of a punishment for former scouting director Chris Correa hacking the Astros' information systems.
The pools for all 30 teams total $245,806,800, which averages to $8,193,560 per club. Last year, the industry spent a record $267,451,610 on Draft bonuses, including $38,704,465 after the 10th round.
As part of the new Collective Bargaining Agreement, the bonus value for each of the top two picks was reduced to bring them more in line with the rest of the first round. The Twins' No. 1 choice is now allotted $7,770,700, down from $9,015,000 a year ago. The Reds' No. 2 selection is worth $7,193,200, reduced from $7,762,900.
Neither Minnesota nor Cincinnati is likely to utilize their full allotment, allowing them to spend the savings on later picks. Mickey Moniak, 2016's No. 1 overall choice, signed for $6.1 million with the Phillies. In five years with the bonus-pool rules, the largest amount awarded to any top selection was the $6.5 million the D-backs gave Dansby Swanson in 2015.
If a player selected in the first 10 rounds doesn't sign, their pick's value is subtracted from their club's pool. If a team surpasses its allotment, it faces a penalty.
A team that outspends its pool by 0-5 percent pays a 75 percent tax on the overage. At higher thresholds, clubs lose future picks: a first-rounder and a 75 percent tax for exceeding their pool by more than five and up to 10 percent; a first- and a second-rounder and a 100 percent tax for more than 10 and up to 15 percent; and two first-rounders and a 100 percent tax for more than 15 percent.
In five years with these rules, clubs have surpassed their pool a total of 74 times, but never by more than 5 percent. Twenty-three of the 30 teams outspent their pool last year.
Here are the bonus pools for all 30 clubs:
Twins: $14,156,800
Reds: $13,658,400
Rays: $12,528,100
Padres: $11,839,000
A's: $11,407,500
Brewers: $10,447,700
Pirates: $10,135,900
D-backs: $9,905,900
Braves: $9,881,200
Marlins: $9,375,500
Astros: $9,039,600
Phillies: $8,729,100
Blue Jays: $8,231,000
Angels: $8,212,800
Royals: $8,076,900
White Sox: $7,921,400
Rangers: $7,626,600
Cubs: $7,454,900
Yankees: $6,912,800
Orioles: $6,846,700
Mariners: $6,737,300
Tigers: $6,520,100
Giants: $6,363,600
Mets: $6,212,500
Dodgers: $5,794,200
Red Sox: $5,667,100
Nationals: $5,503,500
Rockies: $4,615,700
Indians: $3,829,000
Cardinals: $2,176,000
Here are the assigned values for each pick in the first 10 rounds:
First Round
1. Twins: $7,770,700
2. Reds: $7,193,200
3. Padres: $6,668,100
4. Rays: $6,153,600
5. Braves: $5,707,300
6. A's: $5,303,000
7. D-backs: $5,016,300
8. Phillies: $4,780,400
9. Brewers: $4,570,000
10. Angels: $4,376,800
11. White Sox: $4,199,200
12. Pirates: $4,032,000
13. Marlins: $3,875,800
14. Royals: $3,727,600
15. Astros: $3,588,200
16. Yankees: $3,458,600
17. Mariners: $3,333,200
18. Tigers: $3,214,600
19. Giants: $3,101,700
20. Mets: $2,994,500
21. Orioles: $2,892,400
22. Blue Jays: $2,795,200
23. Dodgers: $2,702,700
24. Red Sox: $2,614,500
25. Nationals: $2,530,400
26. Rangers: $2,450,100
27. Cubs: $2,373,300
28. Blue Jays: $2,302,900
29. Rangers: $2,238,900
30. Cubs: $2,184,300
Competitive Balance Round A
31. Rays: $2,134,900
32. Reds: $2,084,400
33. A's: $2,033,500
34. Brewers: $1,983,600
35. Twins: $1,935,300
36. Marlins: $1,888,800
Second Round
37. Twins: $1,846,100
38. Reds: $1,802,800
39. Padres: $1,760,700
40. Rays: $1,714,500
41. Braves: $1,674,600
42. Pirates: $1,635,500
43. A's: $1,597,300
44. D-backs: $1,560,100
45. Phillies: $1,523,800
46. Brewers: $1,493,500
47. Angels: $1,459,200
48. Rockies: $1,425,400
49. White Sox: $1,392,200
50. Pirates: $1,357,300
51. Marlins: $1,326,800
52. Royals: $1,295,700
53. Astros: $1,265,500
54. Yankees: $1,236,000
55. Mariners: $1,206,900
56. Astros: $1,178,600
57. Tigers: $1,148,400
58. Giants: $1,121,300
59. Mets: $1,094,700
60. Orioles: $1,068,700
61. Blue Jays: $1,043,200
62. Dodgers: $1,018,200
63. Red Sox: $993,900
64. Indians: $969,900
65. Nationals: $946,500
66. Rangers: $926,500
67. Cubs: $901,900
Competitive Balance Round B
68. D-backs: $880,100
69. Padres: $858,600
70. Rockies: $837,300
71. Indians: $816,500
72. Pirates: $804,000
73. Royals: $791,700
74. Orioles: $779,500
75. Astros: $767,400
Third Round
76. Twins: $755,500
77. Reds: $743,900
78. Padres: $732,200
79. Rays: $720,600
80. Braves: $709,000
81. A's: $697,500
82. D-backs: $687,200
83. Phillies: $676,900
84. Brewers: $666,600
85. Angels: $656,300
86. Rockies: $646,100
87. White Sox: $636,500
88. Pirates: $626,600
89. Marlins: $616,800
90. Royals: $607,300
91. Astros: $597,800
92. Yankees: $588,700
93. Mariners: $579,800
94. Cardinals: $570,900
95. Tigers: $564,000
96. Giants: $558,500
97. Mets: $553,200
98. Orioles: $547,700
99. Blue Jays: $542,400
100. Dodgers: $537,100
101. Red Sox: $532,800
102. Indians: $527,600
103. Nationals: $522,300
104. Rangers: $517,100
105. Cubs: $511,900
Fourth Round
106. Twins: $507,000
107. Reds: $501,900
108. Padres: $497,000
109. Rays: $492200
110. Braves: $487,400
111. A's: $482,600
112. D-backs: $477,800
113. Phillies: $473,200
114. Brewers: $468,600
115. Angels: $463,900
116. Rockies: $459,400
117. White Sox: $454,900
118. Pirates: $450,500
119. Marlins: $446,000
120. Royals: $441,700
121. Astros: $437,400
122. Yankees: $433,100
123. Mariners: $428,900
124. Cardinals: $424,800
125. Tigers: $420,700
126. Giants: $417,200
127. Mets: $413,100
128. Orioles: $409,000
129. Blue Jays: $405,100
130. Dodgers: $401,000
131. Red Sox: $397,800
132. Indians: $393,900
133. Nationals: $390,000
134. Rangers: $386,100
135. Cubs: $382,300
Fifth Round
136. Twins: $378,700
137. Reds: $374,900
138. Padres: $371,200
139. Rays: $367,500
140. Braves: $364,100
141. A's: $360,500
142. D-backs: $356,900
143. Phillies: $353,400
144. Brewers: $349,900
145. Angels: $346,500
146. Rockies: $343,100
147. White Sox: $339,800
148. Pirates: $336,500
149. Marlins: $333,100
150. Royals: $329,800
151. Astros: $326,600
152. Yankees: $323,400
153. Mariners: $320,300
154. Cardinals: $317,100
155. Tigers: $313,900
156. Giants: $310,800
157. Mets: $307,800
158. Orioles: $304,800
159. Blue Jays: $302,100
160. Dodgers: $299,300
161. Red Sox: $296,500
162. Indians: $293,800
163. Nationals: $291,200
164. Rangers: $288,500
165. Cubs: $285,800
Sixth Round
166. Twins: $283,300
167. Reds: $280,900
168. Padres: $278,500
169. Rays: $276,100
170. Braves: $273,700
171. A's: $271,300
172. D-backs: $269,100
173. Phillies: $266,800
174. Brewers: $264,500
175. Angels: $262,400
176. Rockies: $260,200
177. White Sox: $258,100
178. Pirates: $255,900
179. Marlins: $253,800
180. Royals: $251,700
181. Astros: $249,600
182. Yankees: $247,600
183. Mariners: $245,600
184. Cardinals: $243,500
185. Tigers: $241,600
186. Giants: $239,600
187. Mets: $237,600
188. Orioles: $235,700
189. Blue Jays: $233,900
190. Dodgers: $231,900
191. Red Sox: $230,000
192. Indians: $228,000
193. Nationals: $226,100
194. Rangers: $224,400
195. Cubs: $222,600
Seventh Round
196. Twins: $220,700
197. Reds: $218,800
198. Padres: $217,100
199. Rays: $215,200
200. Braves: $213,400
201. A's: $212,100
202. D-backs: $210,300
203. Phillies: $208,500
204. Brewers: $206,800
205. Angels: $205,100
206. Rockies: $203,400
207. White Sox: $201,700
208. Pirates: $200,000
209. Marlins: $198,500
210. Royals: $196,900
211. Astros: $195,300
212. Yankees: $193,700
213. Mariners: $192,200
214. Cardinals: $190,700
215. Tigers: $189,100
216. Giants: $187,800
217. Mets: $186,200
218. Orioles: $184,800
219. Blue Jays: $183,300
220. Dodgers: $182,200
221. Red Sox: $180,700
222. Indians: $179,500
223. Nationals: $178,100
224. Rangers: $176,800
225. Cubs: $175,500
Eighth Round
226. Twins: $174,400
227. Reds: $173,300
228. Padres: $172,000
229. Rays: $170,600
230. Braves: $169,600
231. A's: $168,300
232. D-backs: $167,300
233. Phillies: $166,000
234. Brewers: $164,900
235. Angels: $163,800
236. Rockies: $162,800
237. White Sox: $161,600
238. Pirates: $160,700
239. Marlins: $159,700
240. Royals: $158,900
241. Astros: $158,100
242. Yankees: $157,200
243. Mariners: $156,500
244. Cardinals: $155,600
245. Tigers: $154,900
246. Giants: $154,200
247. Mets: $153,400
248. Orioles: $152,700
249. Blue Jays: $152,100
250. Dodgers: $151,400
251. Red Sox: $150,900
252. Indians: $150,200
253. Nationals: $149,600
254. Rangers: $149,100
255. Cubs: $148,500
Ninth Round
256. Twins: $148,000
257. Reds: $147,400
258. Padres: $147,000
259. Rays: $146,500
260. Braves: $146,000
261. A's: $145,500
262. D-backs: $145,100
263. Phillies: $144,600
264. Brewers: $144,200
265. Angels: $143,900
266. Rockies: $143,400
267. White Sox: $143,000
268. Pirates: $142,700
269. Marlins: $142,300
270. Royals: $141,900
271. Astros: $141,600
272. Yankees: $141,200
273. Mariners: $140,900
274. Cardinals: $140,600
275. Tigers: $140,300
276. Giants: $140,000
277. Mets: $139,700
278. Orioles: $139,300
279. Blue Jays: $139,000
280. Dodgers: $138,800
281. Red Sox: $138,600
282. Indians: $138,300
283. Nationals: $138,000
284. Rangers: $137,800
285. Cubs: $137,500
10th Round
286. Twins: $137,100
287. Reds: $136,900
288. Padres: $136,600
289. Rays: $136,400
290. Braves: $136,100
291. A's: $135,900
292. D-backs: $135,700
293. Phillies: $135,500
294. Brewers: $135,100
295. Angels: $134,900
296. Rockies: $134,600
297. White Sox: $134,400
298. Pirates: $134,200
299. Marlins: $133,900
300. Royals: $133,700
301. Astros: $133,500
302. Yankees: $133,300
303. Mariners: $133,000
304. Cardinals: $132,800
305. Tigers: $132,600
306. Giants: $132,500
307. Mets: $132,300
308. Orioles: $132,100
309. Blue Jays: $131,800
310. Dodgers: $131,600
311. Red Sox: $131,400
312. Indians: $131,300
313. Nationals: $131,300
314. Rangers: $131,300
315. Cubs: $131,300
As the measles outbreak spread last month, Disneyland executives sent a series of emails to California health officials asking them to emphasize that the theme park was not responsible for the illnesses and was safe to visit, documents obtained by The Associated Press show.
There is no evidence Disneyland — or health officials, who incorporated at least some of the theme park's suggestions — tried to downplay the seriousness of the outbreak or mislead the public. Nor is it unusual for companies to try to get public officials' ear during a crisis.
But the email exchange pulls back the curtain on what can be a delicate process. And it shows Disneyland's concern about the disease's potential harm to "The Happiest Place on Earth" even as the theme park worked with health authorities to alert the public to the danger.
As the infections multiplied, Disneyland forwarded suggestions to the California Department of Public Health and tried to insert language into an update from the Orange County Health Care Agency, according to correspondence spanning the first two weeks of the outbreak. The emails were obtained through a public records request.
In one exchange, a Disneyland official wanted the state to make it clear the park was not responsible for the outbreak. In another, Disneyland wanted the state to clarify that it was safe for vaccinated people to visit the theme park. In that instance, the state updated its website to address Disneyland's concern.
More than 70 people in California — including six Disneyland employees — and about two dozen others in six states, Mexico and Canada have been sickened in the outbreak. While measles was declared eliminated from the U.S. in 2000, the illness has reappeared in recent years, brought in from overseas and transmitted to Americans who didn't get vaccinated.
On Thursday, Disneyland spokesperson Lisa Haines said the resort was in constant contact with health authorities during the outbreak "in order to ensure that factual and accurate information flowed both ways to avoid confusion and properly inform the public."
You are trying to balance potentially competing interests, but you are also trying to give people the best advice possible. - Glen Nowak
First word of the outbreak came Jan. 7 when California authorities confirmed a cluster of infections in people who visited Disney's California theme parks days before Christmas. Disneyland's medical team worked with health investigators to identify people who had close contact with infected workers, and it offered employees vaccinations and blood tests to see if they were immune.
The next week, Disneyland Resort's vice president of communications emailed state health agency spokesperson Ron Owens, laying out their desire to advise the public that measles is highly contagious and can only be prevented through vaccination.
"Basically, our goal is to ensure people know that the exposure period at the Disneyland Resort is now over, that this has nothing to do with Disneyland and this could happen anywhere," Cathi Killian wrote. They added: "Can you please let us know if you are able to help us on this front?"
The state health department's website included similar language. State health spokesperson Anita Gore told the AP in an email: "When clarification is needed, we make adjustments where necessary."
Killian also sent wording suggestions to the health department in Orange County, where Disneyland is situated, for a news release. In that instance, Dr. Matthew Zahn, the county's medical director for epidemiology, said they had no problem with the proposed wording but saw no need to include it, the records show.
Don't distort the message
Deanne Thompson, a spokesperson for the county health department, told the AP that Disneyland made "no attempt to control or pressure" the department to incorporate any suggestions.
In one of the email exchanges, Disneyland's chief medical officer, Dr. Pamela Hymel, forwarded to California's top epidemiologist, Dr. Gil Chavez, a statement from Disneyland's public relations arm with "some points," including: "It is absolutely safe to visit these places, including the Disneyland Resort, if you are vaccinated."
Chavez replied that Disneyland's statement was "100 per cent consistent" with what they said publicly a day earlier, when they announced that it was fine to visit Disneyland with the proper vaccinations but that those who haven't gotten their shots should stay away. Chavez went ahead and had a version of Disneyland's statement posted on the state health department's website.
Crisis communications experts said that it is not uncommon for companies to make suggestions during a disease outbreak and that their view can be helpful as long as they don't try to distort the message.
"At the end of the day, you are trying to balance potentially competing interests, but you are also trying to give people the best advice possible," said Glen Nowak, a former spokesperson for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention who now heads the Center for Health and Risk Communication at the University of Georgia.
During a vigil for the victims of the Orlando shooting massacre, as the names of the 49 people who were murdered were read aloud in remembrance, a photographer turned their camera to the sky and took a picture of a flock of birds flying overhead.
It was only later when, on a whim, they counted the birds they realized something that was both beautiful and eerie.
There were 49 birds flying overhead at that exact moment.
Here is the photograph.
Facebook
The photographer decided to remain anonymous, wanting everyone's attention to remain squarely with the victims of this brutal hate crime.
But, they explained, "Seeing the birds made me feel a sense of peace about the tragedy."
When they posted the photograph, they wrote, "There were 49 birds, my friends. The fallen were with us tonight."
I can see why people responded to this image so deeply. In the face of such senseless cruelty as the Orlando shooting, we all search for some consolation, for a place of shelter and solace, wherever we can find it.
Continuing the trend of beautiful, eerie photographs taken in the aftermath of the shooting is this other snapshot.
Twitter
Yeah, amazingly, a rainbow arched over the scene of the massacre yesterday.
Personally, I'd like if God sent out fewer flocks of birds and poignant rainbows and helped people pass stricter gun laws and combat America's chronic, government-sanctioned homophobia. But, that's just my own view.
Citations: 49 birds appear over Orlando shooting victims memorial (CNN), Rainbow Appears Over Pulse Nightclub After Tragic Orlando Massacre (Us Weekly)
Ever notice that special dish or two on your favorite non-Asian restaurant's menu that you can't quite order at a straight ahead, traditional Asian joint? “Asian Persuasion” is a once-in-a-while segment highlighting those chefs and restaurants that don't specialize in Asian cuisine but occasionally dabble in cooking influenced by Far Eastern foods. But please don't say fusion. Oh, no. Instead, let's call it an Asian Persuasion. Doesn't that sit better on the palate? Plus it rhymes.
When chef/owner Ernesto Uchimura of West L.A.'s Plan Check makes a burger, you can expect a little kitchen wizardry. The guy used to be Executive Chef at a little joint called Umami Burger, after all. Ketchup leather is their tomato-y, signature sleight of hand.
The creative ketchup condiment mimics a fruit roll-up and is Uchimura's innovative method for tomato sauce delivery by way of a solid. When the meat's heat and savory juices mingle with the ketchup leather, the condiment sheet dissolves, flavoring the patty. Bingo: burger magic.
Uchimura has applied the same ketchup dehydration technique on another crazy popular condiment—sriracha.
Warning: Objects are spicier than they appear. Although this sriracha leather looks like a square strawberry fruit snack, a confetti-sized bit of the stuff can sting. This is concentrated heat, but it burns so tasty.
Plan Check's frequent special-of-the-day called South East Asian Pork Belly Burger is a sandwich that was created as an excuse to eat the sriracha leather. The porcine burger is piled with special stuff, most notably a house cured pork belly that's been braised in fish sauce, kelp, lemongrass, cilantro, ginger, and other ingredients. Tag teaming with the belly is a patty made from ground pork shoulder.
An irresistible spread is forged from the remaining braising juices and pork belly fat. And, of course, this caboodle is bookended by Plan Check's famous crunch bun, a soft bun studded with Panko crumbs.
If Uchimura continues with this leather thing, I might have to dust off my leather pants. Please don't make me —I haven't worn those since the ‘90s.
Plan Check, 1800 Sawtelle Blvd, West L.A. (310) 288-6500
58 millioner kroner – heraf 20 millioner skattekroner.
Så svimlende er beløbet, som det efter alt at dømme er lykkedes en formodet spansk al-Qaeda-celle at svindle for i Danmark gennem en årrække. En svindel, der er foregået selvom både danske og spanske myndigheder tilsyneladende har haft kendskab til det. Men som ingen personer hverken i Spanien eller Danmark er blevet sigtet eller dømt for.
Det viser en gennemgang af lækkede retsdokumenter fra en spansk terrorsag, som DR i samarbejde med Jyllands-Posten har foretaget.
Ekspert: Skandaløs sag
I dokumenterne fremgår det blandt andet, at to spanske statsborgere, som nu sidder varetægtsfængslet i den spanske terrorsag, tiltalt for at hverve personer til hellig krig, har været registreret som direktører i en kæde af danske firmaer, der er gået konkurs. Kæden af selskaber har efterladt en enorm milliongæld til skatteyderne i ubetalt moms og til private kreditorer.
Samlet set viser beregninger foretaget af DR og Jyllands-Posten, at danske firmaer, som indgår i dokumenterne fra den spanske terrorsag, skylder 58 millioner kroner væk til forskellige kreditorer i Danmark. Heraf 20 millioner i ubetalt moms. Spansk politi mistænker, at de mange millioner er gået til at finansiere terror gennem et den formodede terrorcelle, som de to spanske statsborgere har ledet fra den spanske enklave Melilla i Nordafrika.
De store summer bekymrer blandt andre terrorforsker Magnus Ranstorp, som har lavet flere rapporter om terrorfinansiering i Sverige og Europa.
- Det er skandaløst. Det handler om mange, mange penge, som kan bruges til terrorfinansiering. Jeg har ingen anelse om, hvad der er sket hos myndighederne, men det them virker ikke godt. Det er et en af de største mulige terrorfinansieringssager, jeg har set, siger han.
Fakta: Melilla-sagen I 2014 anholder spansk politi seks mænd i den lille spanske enklave Melilla i Nordafrika. Mændene er i dag tiltalt for at opfordre til terror og for at hverve 26 personer til hellig krig i Mali og Libyen i 2012 og 2013. Fire af de seks mænd har været i Danmark flere gange - heraf har to af dem været direktører i danske virksomheder, som har svindlet for millionsummer gennem momsundragelse og kreditkortsnyd. En af seks fængslede har tidligere deltaget i hellig krig. De seks mænd har haft forbindelse til den afdøde jihadist Kenneth Sørensen og til en dansk mand med marokkansk baggrund, som ikke er fængslet i sagen. Sagen mod de seks begynder i Spanien den 10. juli 2017.
Bagmandspolitiet kendte til svindel
Flere dokumenter i det enorme læk afslører også, at der i årene 2014 og 2105 har været udvekslet adskillige informationer mellem danske og spanske efterforskere om den mistænkte terrorcelles aktiviteter på dansk grund.
Blandt andet informerer de spanske myndigheder i 2014 bagmandspolitiet i Danmark – også kaldet Statsadvokaten for Særlig Økonomisk og International Kriminalitet (SØIK) - om at flere personer, som man har anholdt i Spanien, er ”linket til en mulig terrororganisation”.
Bagmandspolitiet oplyser, at flere de anholdte spaniere har været direktører i en række af danske virksomheder, som man på det tidspunkt aktivt efterforsker for både momssvindel og bedrageri. Men den dag i dag har efterforskningen fra 2014 ikke ført til sigtelser for den tilsyneladende omfattende svindel i hverken Danmark eller Spanien.
Danske kontakter var afgørende
Spansk politi mener også, at to danske mænd var afgørende for, at den formodede spanske terrorcelle havde forbindelser til netop Danmark. Den ene skal være den nu afdøde danske konvertit og jihadist Kenneth Sørensen og den en anden dansk statsborger med marokkanske rødder.
Læs også : Terrormistænkte indblandet i fødevarefusk i København
Ifølge de lækkede dokumenterne svarer bagmandspolitiet det spanske politi, at man udmærket kender den danske mand med marokkanske rødder. Han er også direktør i flere konkursramte virksomheder, og ifølge dansk politi har han tidligere været anholdt for tyveri i København - sammen med en af de personer, der i dag sidder varetægtsfængslet i den spanske terrorsag.
Ingen sigtede for svindel
Netop det, at ingen af de involverede i den spanske sag er sigtet for svindlen i Danmark, når politiet herhjemme kendte til den mulige sammenhæng mellem danske skattekroner og terrorfinansiering undrer terrorforsker Magnus Ranstorp:
- Det er mig ubegribeligt, hvorfor man ikke sigter nogen for det. Beviserne lader jo til at være der. Det eneste, jeg kan tænke er, at man ikke vil have en offentlig retssag på det, fordi det er så tilpas følsomt, siger han.
- Spørgsmålet er så, om nogle af de penge, de (spanske terrorsigtede, red.) har anvendt til terrorfinansiering, kommer fra netop de them danske selskaber. Men under alle omstændigheder er det i hvert fald noget, som jeg håber, at de danske myndigheder er opmærksomme på. For selv om man måske ikke direkte kan rejse terrorsager i alle disse tilfælde, må der være måder at bremse det på, forklarer Magnus Ranstorp.
Ingen kommentar fra myndighederne
Hverken bagmandspolitiet eller Politiets Efterretningstjenste (PET) har ønsket at udtale sig om, hvad man har vidst i den konkrete sag, og hvorfor ingen er sigtet i sagen.
Læs også : INTERAKTIV GRAFIK: Se hvordan momsfusk trækker tråde til terrormistænkte
Men PET slår i en e-mail til DR og Jyllands-Posten fast, at politiet som udgangspunkt har frie hænder til at gå ind sager om økonomisk kriminalitet, der relaterer sig til ekstremisme.
- Retsforfølgelse af anden kriminalitet kan vanskeliggøre og modvirke forberedelsen af terrorhandlinger, udrejser til konfliktområder med videre, lyder det i e-mailen.
Samtidig forklarer tjenesten, at den arbejder tæt sammen med det åbne politi, der efterforsker al øvrig kriminalitet:
- PET videregiver i den forbindelse løbende oplysninger om mulig (anden) kriminalitet, som PET bliver opmærksom på i forbindelse med sine forebyggelses- og efterforskningsopgaver.
De spanske myndigheder forventer at retssagen mod de seks anholdte i Spanien begynder midt i juli måned
Der er mere om de danske forbindelser til den spanske terrorgruppe i DR's dokumentarudsendelse "Terroristen der fik frit lejde" kl. 20.45 tirsdag aften på DR1.
The Trump Administration created a tool for Americans to report H-1B visa fraud in their workplace.
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) announced a tip-line for Americans who are the victims of foreign worker outsourcing through the H-1B visa in a news release.
“Information submitted to the email address will be used for investigations and referrals to law enforcement agencies for potential prosecution,” the release stated.
Every year, more than 85,000 Americans potentially lose their jobs to foreign labor through the H-1B visa program.
In addition, the Trump Administration is implementing stricter oversight over the current employers who hire H-1B visa workers instead of Americans.
Under the new guidelines, USCIS will visit worksites of where H-1B visas are used, looking for cases where the employer's basic business information does not specifically validate why foreign workers are being used instead of American workers.
“Targeted site visits will allow USCIS to focus resources where fraud and abuse of the H-1B program may be more likely to occur, and determine whether H-1B dependent employers are evading their obligation to make a good faith effort to recruit U.S. workers,” the statement reads.
“Employers who abuse the H-1B visa program negatively affect U.S. workers, decreasing wages and job opportunities as they import more foreign workers” the news release continued.
The move by USCIS echoes a similar, more aggressive approach by the Department of Justice (DOJ) to the outsourcing and mass-laying off of American workers by American companies.
Under the direction of Attorney General Jeff Session, a longtime opponent of foreign replacement work visas, the DOJ demanded that American companies not use the H-1B visa program to replace American workers with foreigners, as Breitbart Texas reported.
“The Justice Department will not tolerate employers misusing the H-1B visa process to discriminate against U.S. workers,” Acting Assistant Attorney General Tom Wheeler of the Civil Rights Division said in the statement. “U.S. workers should not be placed in a disfavored status, and the department is wholeheartedly committed to investigating and vigorously prosecuting these claims.”
If the H-1B visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported.
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Hillary Clinton's top campaign spokesperson believes a vast right-wing conspiracy of sorts is behind Tuesday's explosive report about the discovery of emails on the former secretary of state's server that are classified at levels higher than previously known.
According to NBC's Andrea Mitchell, Brian Fallon, Clinton's communications director, believes that the Intelligence Community's inspector general, I. Charles McCullough III, is “selectively” leaking information in coordination with Republicans.
.@brianefallon says Clinton emails werent classified when sent or received accuses Intel IG of working w/ GOP to leak selectively — Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) January 20, 2016
The accusation is a throwback to Bill and Hillary Clinton's complaints that a cabal of conservatives is involved in a “vast right-wing conspiracy” to take them down.
As Fox News reported on Tuesday, McCullough sent a letter last week to the chairpeople of the Senate Intelligence and Foreign Relations Committees — as well as to the heads of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the State Department's inspector general — noting that their investigators had discovered “several dozen emails containing classified information determined by the IC element to be at the CONFIDENTIAL, SECRET and TOP SECRET/SAP information.”
“SAP” refers to “special access programs” which can be created only by the heads of certain federal agencies when “the vulnerability of, or threat to, specific information is exceptional.” SAP is also created when “the number of persons who ordinarily will have access will be reasonably small and commensurate with the objective of providing enhanced protection for the information involved.”
The emails containing the SAP information are separate from the two emails containing “top secret” information that McCullough's agency discovered on Clinton's server in July. That finding touched off an FBI investigation and led to the seizure of Clinton's server. Clinton's team and the State Department disputed McCullough's finding. But Fox reported last month that intelligence officials had reaffirmed their determination that the emails did indeed contain “top secret” information when they were created.
According to NBC News, an intelligence source said that the new information found on Clinton's server was so sensitive that McCullough and some of their aides had to receive additional clearance before viewing it.
Fallon was asked during an interview on CNN Wednesday morning why they believe McCullough is working with Republicans.
“I think this was a very coordinated leak yesterday,” Fallon said.
Asked what evidence they have, Fallon stated their belief that McCullough sought to save face in response to a Politico article published two months ago that “directly challenged” their determination this summer that the two emails maintained on Clinton's server were “top secret.”
“I don't think they liked that very much. So I think that they put two Republican senators up to sending them a letter so that they would have a excuse to resurface the same allegations they made back in the summer that have been discredited,” Fallon said, without providing evidence to back up their claim.
They cited a Politico report published late Tuesday based on an intelligence source who claims that the SAP information comes from news articles discussing drone strikes. The intelligence community considers such information to be highly sensitive even if it revealed in news articles.
A spokesperson for the Intelligence Community inspector general declined to comment to The Daily Caller on Fallon's accusations, which they said “are not substantively related to our oversight responsibilities.”
WATCH:
In their defense of Clinton, Fallon fell back on the explantion their boss began using after “top secret” emails were found on their server last year — that the classified information the emails contained was not “marked” as such when they sent or received it.
Before that, Clinton and their team had claimed, simply, that they did not send or receive classified information on their personal email account.
While Clinton's “marked” email defense likely puts many of their supporters at ease, a document they signed when they started at the State Department in Jan. 2009 undermines their position.
Signers of that document — the Classified Information Nondisclosure Agreement, or SF-312 — acknowledge that “classified information is marked or unmarked classified information, including oral communications.” (RELATED: Document Completely Undermines Hillary's Classified Email Defense)
The mishandling of SAP is what led to the downfall of former CIA director Gen. David Petraeus. Petraeus resigned from the agency in 2012 after they were found to have provided classified information to their biographer and mistress, Paula Broadwell. They were put on probation and fined last year. It was also reported this week that Defense Sec. Ash Carter is considering retroactively demoting Petraeus to a three-star general.
Many observers have wondered why Petraeus was prosecuted for mishandling classified information while Clinton has so far gone unscathed.
This article has been updated with additional information and comment from the Intelligence Community's inspector general.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
As we head into the final week of play, it's amazing to think just how fast this shortened season came and went. With some clubs playing up to 5 games a week, this season was truly a huge test for not only the players, but entire organizations as well. Under these circumstances some teams flourished while others floundered. With only one week left in the 2012-2013 season, it's safe to say we have a good idea just which teams rose to the occasion this season.
Check back every Monday for updated Power Rankings!
30. Florida Panthers (13-26-6)
Last Week's Ranking: 25
Last 10: 3-7-0
Breakdown: The Florida Panthers are making a strong push for draft position as they find themselves in the midst of a 6 game losing streak. In recent games, the Panthers have lost their ability to put the puck in the net – scoring just 10 total goals over their last 7 games played.
29. Nashville Predators (15-21-9)
Last Week's Ranking: 30
Last 10: 1-7-2
Breakdown: The Nashville Predators are continuing their slow crawl to the offseason after losing their 8th straight game. In those 8 losses, the Predators have been outscored by a combined score of 28 to 12.
28. New Jersey Devils (17-18-10)
Last Week's Ranking: 28
Last 10: 2-7-1
Breakdown: The New Jersey Devils were finally eliminated from playoff contention after losing 7 of their last 9 games. One of the main problems for the Devils has been their depleted powerplay which has only converted 1 of their last 21 opportunities when up a man.
27. Carolina Hurricanes (18-24-3)
Last Week's Ranking: 29
Last 10: 2-7-1
Breakdown: The Carolina Hurricanes continue to flounder after losing 7 of their last 9 games. In those 9 games, the Hurricanes have failed to stay close with opponents – losing by 1 goal in only 3 of the 9 games played.
26. Tampa Bay Lightning (17-24-4)
Last Week's Ranking: 22
Last 10: 2-6-2
Breakdown: The Tampa Bay Lightning remain near the bottom of the Eastern Conference after losing 7 of their last 8 games. One of the biggest problems for the Lightning has been their penalty killing unit – allowing at least 1 PPG in 7 of their last 8 games played.
25. Edmonton Oilers (17-20-7)
Last Week's Ranking: 24
Last 10: 3-7-0
Breakdown: The Edmonton Oilers are once again in play for another number 1 overall draft pick after losing 7 of their last 8 games. Even though they have a handful of talented scorers, the Oilers have been unable to put the puck in the net – scoring just 12 goals over their last 8 games played.
24. Colorado Avalanche (15-23-7)
Last Week's Ranking: 27
Last 10: 3-4-3
Breakdown: The Colorado Avalanche are still in the Seth Jones lottery after losing 4 of their last 7 games. The main problem with the Avs in recent weeks has been the inability to keep opponents off of the scoreboard – allowing 17 total goals over their last 5 games played.
23. Philadelphia Flyers (20-22-3)
Last Week's Ranking: 26
Last 10: 5-5-0
Breakdown: The Philadelphia Flyers' disappointing season is almost over after having lost 4 of their last 7 games. However, the Flyers have seen some signs of life from their penalty killing unit recently – killing off 18 straight powerplays over their last 3 games played.
22. Detroit Red Wings (20-16-8)
Last Week's Ranking: 21
Last 10: 3-4-3
Breakdown: The Detroit Red Wings find themselves dangerously close to missing the playoffs after losing 5 of their last 7 games. In recent games, the Red Wings' offense has hit a wall – scoring just 10 total goals over their last 6 games played.
21. Buffalo Sabres (19-20-6)
Last Week's Ranking: 19
Last 10: 6-4-0
Breakdown: The Buffalo Sabres are starting to show signs of life as the season comes to a close – winning 5 of their last 8 games. In recent games, the Sabres have finally discovered their powerplay – scoring 5 PPG over their last 3 games played.
20. Calgary Flames (19-22-4)
Last Week's Ranking: 23
Last 10: 6-4-0
Breakdown: Although they are clearly in the beginnings of the their rebuilding process, the Calgary Flames have still managed to win 5 of their last 7 games as the season nears its' end. During that 7 game span, the Flames have outscored their opponents by a combined score of 20 to 11.
19. Minnesota Wild (24-18-3)
Last Week's Ranking: 16
Last 10: 3-6-1
Breakdown: The Minnesota Wild only have a 3 point cushion in the playoff standings after losing 5 of their last 7 games. The main reason for the Wilds' recent losses has been their stagnant offense which has managed to score more than 1 goal in just 3 of their last 7 games played.
18. Phoenix Coyotes (19-17-8)
Last Week's Ranking: 17
Last 10: 5-2-3
Breakdown: The Phoenix Coyotes' playoff hopes are hanging by a thread after losing 4 of their last 6 games. However, even during their recent woes, the Coyotes have done a good job of keeping opponent's scoring low – allowing just 14 total goals over their last 6 games played.
17. Ottawa Senators (23-15-6)
Last Week's Ranking: 18
Last 10: 4-6-0
Breakdown: The Ottawa Senators are starting to heat back up as we approach the playoffs, winning 4 of their last 6 games. The main reason for the Senators' success has been their outstanding goaltending which has allowed just 8 total goals over their last 5 games played.
16. Winnipeg Jets (23-19-3)
Last Week's Ranking: 20
Last 10: 5-4-1
Breakdown: The Winnipeg Jets find themselves 3 points out of a playoff spot after winning 6 of their last 8 games. In recent games, the Jets' offense has been absolutely on fire – scoring 4 or more goals in 6 straight games.
15. Boston Bruins (27-12-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 11
Last 10: 5-4-1
Breakdown: Although they remain a dangerous team, the Boston Bruins are backing in the playoffs after losing 4 of their last 6 games. In recent games, the Bruins' offense has struggled to put up big goal totals – scoring more than 2 goals in just 2 of their last 6 games played.
*Scroll to the bottom for a special note.
14. Dallas Stars (22-19-4)
Last Week's Ranking: 15
Last 10: 6-3-1
Breakdown: The Dallas Stars' playoff hopes are still alive after winning 6 of their last 9 games. Although the Stars have been winning, their penalty killing unit has been struggling – allowing at least 1 PPG in 5 of their last 7 games played.
13. Anaheim Ducks (28-11-6)
Last Week's Ranking: 10
Last 10: 5-4-1
Breakdown: The Anaheim Ducks are backing into the playoffs after losing 4 of their last 7 games. The main issue for the Ducks has been the disappearance of their offense which has only been able to score 10 total goals over their last 6 games played.
12. Montreal Canadiens (27-13-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 5
Last 10: 4-6-0
Breakdown: The Montreal Canadiens have hit their first big snag of the season – losing 5 of their last 7 games. In those 7 games, the Canadiens have bene outscored by a combined score of 19 to 29.
11. San Jose Sharks (24-14-7)
Last Week's Ranking: 6
Last 10: 6-3-1
Breakdown: The San Jose Sharks are looking like they are ready for the playoffs after winning 4 of their last 6 games. In recent games, the Sharks have benefited from a very consistant powerplay – scoring at least 1 PPG in 5 of their last 6 games played.
10. St. Louis Blues (26-17-2)
Last Week's Ranking: 13
Last 10: 7-3-0
Breakdown: The St. Louis Blues have a 6 point cushion in the playoff standings after winning 5 of their last 8 games. Amazingly, the Blues have won without the help of their offense which has only scored 12 total goals over their last 7 games played.
9. Columbus Blue Jackets (22-17-7)
Last Week's Ranking: 14
Last 10: 7-3-0
Breakdown: The Columbus Blue Jackets are firmly holding onto the 8th seed in the Western Conference after winning 6 of their last 7 games. As it has been all season, the Blue Jackets are winning through their outstanding goaltending which has allowed just 13 total goals over their last 7 games played.
8. Vancouver Canucks (25-13-7)
Last Week's Ranking: 3
Last 10: 6-3-1
Breakdown: The Vancouver Canucks hold a firm grip on the Northwest Division after winning 5 of their last 8 games. In recent games, the Canucks have been outstanding on the penalty kill – allowing just 1 PPG in their last 9 games played.
7. Toronto Maple Leafs (25-15-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 4
Last 10: 6-3-1
Breakdown: After a lengthy absence, the Toronto Maple Leafs are finally returning to the playoffs after having won 5 of their last 8 games. In recent games, the Maple Leafs' powerplay has been fantastic – scoring 5 total PPG over their last 5 games played.
6. New York Rangers (24-17-4)
Last Week's Ranking: 12
Last 10: 7-2-1
Breakdown: The New York Rangers have looked like a completely different team since the trade deadline – winning 6 of their last 8 games. During that 8 game span, the Rangers outscored their opponents by a combined score of 26 to 17.
5. Los Angeles Kings (26-14-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 7
Last 10: 6-2-2
Breakdown: The Los Angeles Kings look ready to defend their Stanley Cup title after winning 4 of their last 6 games. In recent games, the Kings' powerplay has been otherworldly – scoring at least 1 PPG in 8 straight games.
4. Washington Capitals (25-18-2)
Last Week's Ranking: 8
Last 10: 9-1-0
Breakdown: The Washington Capitals look like they will end up winning the Southeast Division after winning 8 of their last 9 games. The key to the Capitals' recent victories has been their outstanding offense which has scored 3 or more goals in 7 of their last 8 games played.
3. New York Islanders (24-16-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 9
Last 10: 8-0-2
Breakdown: The New York Islanders look like they will be brining the playoffs back to Long Island after winning 6 of their last 7 games. In recent games, the Islanders' offense has been scoring in bunches – totaling 15 goals in just their last 3 games alone.
2. Pittsburgh Penguins (34-10-0)
Last Week's Ranking: 2
Last 10: 8-2-0
Breakdown: Even without their biggest superstars, the Pittsburgh Penguins have still managed to win 6 of their last 7 games. Over those last 7 games, the Penguins have outscored their opponents by a combined score of 25 to 20.
1. Chicago Blackhawks (34-5-5)
Last Week's Ranking: 1
Last 10: 8-0-2
Breakdown: The Chicago Blackhawks remain atop the power rankings after winning 7 of their last 8 games. One of the Blackhawks' strongest assets has been their exceptional penalty killing unit which has allowed only 1 PPG over their last 16 games played.
Honorary Number 1: Boston Bruins
Although the Bruins may sit at 15th in this week's power rankings, it's worth noting just so powerful the Bruins have been off of the ice this week. While every team around the league has shown their support for the city of Boston, it has been Boston's very own Bruins which have really gone above and beyond to rally their city after the horrific events of the Boston Marathon bombings. Between numerous raffles, fan interactions, and donations, the Bruins have done all they can to help those in need and lift the spirits of their wounded city. Although they may be struggling on the ice currently, it is worth celebrating just how strong the team has been outside of the hockey world.
Follow Jameson on Twitter @JamesonCoop
Archangel From The Winter's End Chronicles is a steampunk web series set in 1893 London.
In this alternate history tale, humanity has harnessed the power of both steam and steel to achieve staggering technological advances.
Exploration of the natural world has reached unparalleled heights.
Sadly, instead of this being a golden age of enlightenment, a vast criminal network, known as "The League," has corrupted the world's governments, and oppresses its peoples.
Out of this troubled time arises a vigilante who is dedicated to utterly destroying The League. They come to be publicly known as Archangel.
Archangel is extremely well-produced, with an aesthetic that represents the best of steampunk, including gorgeous clock-work props, detailed costuming, intricate sets, and sepia-tinged cinematography that gives the series a rich, period feel.
The series is produced by Atlanta Cutlery Corp./Museum Replicas Ltd. - a leading manufacturer of armor, swords, and other edged weapons used to produce collectibles based on many Hollywood properties, such as Game of Thrones.
This explains why the costumes, props, and sets have a verisimilitude often only associated with big-budget period movies.
The cast also rises to the occasion, with the actors turning in fine performances vital in bringing the series to vivid life.
The first episode of Archangel mainly serves as a primer, introducing viewers to this intriguing world and its major players.
You may watch it here ...
If you thought the video of a freaky-looking moth found in Indonesia, which made its rounds online recently was as strange as it gets in Asia, think again.
There are in fact, stranger things, and some are even native to Singapore.
Take for instance, a recent video of a caterpillar which Facebook users have called a “walking jelly bean”, “gummy larvae” and “gummy hedgehog” – largely in reference to the popular candy.
The video was posted on Oct 26 on a public Facebook group called Mothing and Moth-watching by Janice Ang.
Ang who briefly wrote in their post that the strangely-cute creature was a Limacodidae moth caterpillar which was found on a MacArthur Palm in Singapore.
It is understood that the video was shot in July this year.
This is what it looks like:
WeFunder Equity Investment Gets a Bitcoin Lift
BitPay has announced that investors can now use Bitcoin with the equity crowdfunding platform WeFunder. This is thanks to last year's U.S. JOBS Act, which allows non-accredited investors to inject capital into a private company. Since the regulatory policy change, WeFunder and BitPay integration users can invest their bitcoins in a variety of startups across the states.
Also read: BitPay Offers Financial Services to RT Following Bank Account Freeze
BitPay & WeFunder Remove Barrier to Entry for Investment With Bitcoin
WeFunder says it takes the “hassle out of fundraising.” However before May 16th, 2016 only the extremely wealthy could invest in high growth startups.
Thanks to the JOBS Act, WeFunder wants anyone to invest in companies they believe in. By allowing Bitcoin, the company is including more in the investment space. Typically, certain investors and non-US citizens looking to fund American startups would have to rely on traditional bank transfers. Now with the Bitcoin network, available to everyone globally, WeFunder users can save on ACH transfer costs.
Bitpay explained in its recent announcement with WeFunder:
“WeFunder is the first equity crowdfunding platform to accept bitcoin, but it's also an early leader in the regulated crowd equity space. Before the passage of last year's JOBS Act, non-accredited investors with net worths under $1 million could not invest in private companies' equity crowdfunds. Since these regulations were lifted, WeFunder has worked to allow dozens of companies to raise money from non-accredited investors on its platform.”
Airbitz Joins the WeFunder Platform
Bitcoin-based business Airbitz is one of the companies joining WeFunder's campaign. The startup said “we are incredibly excited to share that we've opened up a 30-day window for equity crowdfunding a significant portion of our current funding round using Wefunder.com.” It believes it's making history by allowing all investors to participate and take advantage of this opportunity.
The company has already received a lead investment injection from Lakeshore Energy Capital. However, it is also thrilled to enable investment opportunities for everyone around the world. Airbitz believes it will be the first US-based company blockchain focused startup that takes advantage of the U.S. JOBS Act.
“Unlike some other crowdfunded crypto projects, you'll have equity in the company you're investing in. And to add to the historic nature of our offering, we worked closely with Wefunder and BitPay to ensure that crypto lovers would be able to invest in Airbitz – and every other company on Wefunder – using bitcoin instead of fiat currency. This is truly groundbreaking, and we are extremely excited to be at the forefront of not only data security but financial inclusion,” Airbitz COO Will Pangman explained in a press release.
WeFunder With Bitcoin Opens Doors to Investment Vehicles for Everyone
There are many other companies included within the WeFunder interface for investors to research. Other startups include the veterinarian application VetPronto, the IoT startup Mobodexter, and many others. WeFunder wholeheartedly believes everyone should be able to invest in these types of companies.
The JOBS Act policy change, with the addition of cryptocurrency funding, takes investment out of the hands of Wall Street.
“Out-of-touch bankers on Wall Street don't take any risks for Main Street. Let's re-create a world where friends and local communities can invest in their neighbors, like great-grandpa once did it,” explains WeFunder.
What do you think about WeFunder becoming the first equity crowd funder to accept Bitcoin? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock, WeFunder, and Airbitz.
Did you know Bitcoin.com is holding a blockchain conference in London this year? Our premiere event, Blockchain: Money, features the biggest innovators and executives in the industry. The event also takes place in the beautiful surroundings of 155 Bishopsgate, London on November 6-7, 2016. Reserve your tickets today!
The movie poster is something of a lost art. The glory days of the medium–when talented artists captured the spirit of films as stylistically diverse as Star Wars, Rosemary's Baby, and Jaws with an iconic image–may be behind us. By the '90s, poster art was, in many cases, reduced to airbrushed headshots of a given picture's stars. Since these are typically the images associated with not just the film's theatrical posters, but also VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray releases, a whole generation may be largely unaware that movie posters even existed as an art form.
That's something that Matthew Chojnacki is trying to rectify with their new book, Alternative Movie Posters, which is out now. In the book, Chojnacki collects “Film Art from the Underground,” as the book's subtitle describes it–posters created by independent artists to celebrate the medium of poster art and the movies themselves. Some of them are independently produced pieces of fan art, sold as limited-edition prints; others are commissioned by galleries like Austin's Mondo to fuel a growing market for poster art. Chojnacki's book collects over 200 pages of posters from both camps. And these posters span the history of film: You're as likely to see a fresh take on Vertigo as you are Little Miss Sunshine within those pages. We asked Chojnacki to help us understand what makes a great film poster, using examples from their book.
There are a lot of different styles and approaches to the posters in Alternative Movie Posters, but there are a few unifying themes that cross the different styles, according to Chojnacki.
“It's quite an undertaking to boil down an entire feature film into one two-dimensional image,” they say–a dilemma that also exists for the not-quite-as-dead art of album cover art. “Essentially, the poster should compel you in some way to see the film, as well as convey the film's spirit. Oh, and it should let you know about the casting. The last point is always a fixture of current mainstream theatrical posters, but the others are frequently missing.”
Chojnacki cites two favorites that you're probably familiar with that hit all the right notes: The Exorcist and National Lampoon's Animal House. “Both were able to visually grab moviegoers, but also captured the essence of the films. Show any teenager in 1978 the Mad Magazine-style artwork of Animal House and they'd probably plunk down their two dollars for admission.”
Movie posters may be a dying art, but they're not dead yet. Chojnacki can name a few filmmakers who pay a lot of attention to the way their films are marketed, which includes the posters–directors like Quentin Tarantino, Wes Anderson, and Tim Burton, all of whom have had iconic images associated with their films. And Chojnacki says that those posters that do stand out these days are even more effective now.
“Variety always catches the eye,” they say. “I remember first seeing the poster for Doubt a few years back. It was a black and white, hand-drawn, gothic-looking cross. The simplicity of it really made it stand out from the back, and perfectly communicated the theme of the film without an extreme close-up of Meryl Streep or Phil Seymour Hoffman.”
ESPN NFL analyst Damien Woody discusses how the addition of Bilal Powell and Khiry Robinson to accompany newly-signed Matt Forte will affect the dynamics of the Jets backfield. (1:42)
Matt Forte officially became a member of the New York Jets on Thursday, and they marked the occasion with a late-night/early-morning social-media post that expressed their gratitude. The former Chicago Bears star also shared their rather lofty expectations.
"I hope to bring a championship home as well as a rushing title Like one of your greats, Curtis Martin," Forte wrote on their Instagram account.
To the people of New York: I could not be more excited about the opportunity to play for yet another legendary organization. The passionate fan base and culture that Coach Bowles has instilled were a huge draw. I hope to bring a championship home as well as a rushing title Like one of your greats, Curtis Martin. @nyjets J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets! A photo posted by Matt Forte (@mforte22) on Mar 10, 2016 at 10:38pm PST
Actually, the Martin comparison is interesting. In 2004, they won the NFL rushing title (1,697 yards) at the age of 31. It was a remarkable accomplishment, one that probably secured their place in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Forte turned 30 in December.
Please recall Connor McDavid breaking their left clavicle in a game against the Philadelphia Flyers earlier this month, as the Edmonton Oilers sensation crashed into the end boards followed by two Flyers after taking a shot on goal.
The hockey world reacted mournfully, as McDavid's brilliant rookie campaign would be shelved for months.
[Play Yahoo Daily Fantasy and get a 100% deposit bonus with your first deposit]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Don Cherry, venerable firebrand on Hockey Night In Canada? Well, they reacted rather angrily, because they were convinced that McDavid was injured … on purpose.
“You dummy like you don't realize that Connor McDavid was hurt and hurt on purpose!” they bellowed before showing the evidence:
“Now, the league can't do anything about it, because they can't prove it!” they said. Ron MacLean attempted to walk back the comments to the point of “negligence” rather than “intent,” but that horse had already left the loudly jacketed barn.
So Connor McDavid, speaking to the media for the first time since the injury on Monday, had a chance to put that horse down, in a proverbial sense, when asked about the intent of the Flyers players to injure them on a play that clearly had McDavid losing an edge and all three players' momentum carrying them into the boards.
Or as McDavid put it:
“I was coming down the left side. Got a shot off. Kinda just lost a little bit of my footing and went into the boards with a couple of guys.”
OK, so the million dollar question: “From your perspective, was this a hockey play or was this something that could have been avoided by the opponent?”
Said McDavid:
“I don't really want to touch too much on that comment. I know there's been a little bit of a debate on whether or not. I'm not gonna touch too much on that.”
Story continues
But was there “an extra push?” they were asked. McDavid:
“I'm not going to comment on that.”
So McDavid avoids clearing the Flyers of all wrongdoing by calling this a “hockey play gone bad” or some such. Maybe he's angry about how it went down. Maybe this Good Canadian Boy actually agrees with the wingnut conspiracy theory put forth by Cherry. Whatever the case, the phenom punted on whether the Flyers, or happenstance, put their arm in a sling.
Well, at least until McDavid decided not to wear one.
“I was in a sling for a bit. I don't really like it too much. Kind of uncomfortable,” they said.
McDavid said he's stayed in hockey shape thanks to this being an upper body rather than lower body injury. Hopefully he's back on the ice soon.
____
Greg Wyshynski is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact them at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or find them on Twitter. Their book, TAKE YOUR EYE OFF THE PUCK, is available on Amazon and wherever books are sold.
LISTEN TO YAHOO SPORTS' HOCKEY PODCAST!
As I wrote about earlier, it seemed like Singapore Airlines will be launching nonstop flights between Singapore and San Francisco as of later this year. Initially Singapore Airlines was going to relaunch nonstop flights between Singapore and the US in 2018 when they take delivery of their first A350-900ULR, but it seems that they're feeling the pressure after United recently announced a new San Francisco to Singapore route.
Now Singapore Airlines has confirmed two new US routes, and also announced some changes to other routes to the Americas.
San Francisco to Singapore launching as of October 23, 2016
Singapore Airlines will be launching daily Airbus A350-900 flights between Singapore and San Francisco as of October 23, 2016. The flight will be operated by a standard configuration A350, featuring 253 seats — this includes 42 business class, 24 premium economy, and 187 economy seats. This plane doesn't feature a first class cabin.
Singapore Airlines presently has two flights to San Francisco. Singapore Airlines will continue to operate the San Francisco to Hong Kong to Singapore route, though will be cutting their San Francisco to Seoul Incheon to Singapore route as of the same date.
Los Angeles to Seoul to Singapore launching as of October 23, 2016
As mentioned above, Singapore Airlines is canceling their San Francisco to Seoul Incheon to Singapore flight, and will instead be “rerouting” the aircraft to fly from Los Angeles to Seoul Incheon to Singapore as of October 23, 2016.
This complements Singapore Airlines' existing flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita to Singapore. However, the Los Angeles to Tokyo to Singapore flight will be operated by a Boeing 777-300ER, rather than the Airbus A380 which presently operates the route.
Singapore Airlines A380 Suites Class
Barcelona to São Paulo service being cut
Completely unrelated, but this shouldn't come as a surprise. Singapore Airlines presently operates a flight from Singapore to Barcelona to São Paulo, which they'll also be cutting as of October 20, 2016. The Singapore to Barcelona flight will continue to operate, so it's just the 3x weekly tag flight which is being cut.
Bye bye São Paulo!
Bottom line
I have mixed feelings about these changes. Objectively this is an all around better schedule, in the sense that we'll now have 2x daily flights out of both Los Angeles and San Francisco. At the same time, the best use of KrisFlyer miles is for first class. In this case, the A350 doesn't have a first class cabin, and we're seeing the A380 being taken off the LAX route. The only US route which will continue to feature the A380 will be New York to Frankfurt.
All flights to Los Angeles and San Francisco operated by the 777-300ER will feature Singapore Airlines' new business & first class cabins, though the downside to that is that the 777-300ER first class cabin is being reduced from eight seats to four seats.
I'll post again once these routes are bookable, in particular about award availability.
What do you make of these US service changes at Singapore Airlines?
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawrence Summers, a former top aide to President Barack Obama and Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton, withdrew on Sunday from consideration to succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, after liberal pressure soured their confirmation prospects.
Lawrence H. Summers, ex-Director of the White House's National Economic Council, gives a speech during a business forum "The United States, China, and Taiwan: Roles and Responsibility in a Global Economy" in Taipei in this May 30, 2012, file photo. REUTERS/Pichi Chuang/Files
“Earlier today, I spoke with Larry Summers and accepted their decision to withdraw their name from consideration for chairperson of the Federal Reserve,” Obama said in a statement.
Summers, widely regarded as a brilliant economist and a shrewd and decisive policy-maker, was considered to be the front-runner for the position to replace Bernanke, whose second term expires in January. However, Summers was dogged by controversies including their support for deregulation in the 1990s and comments they made about women's aptitude while president of Harvard.
Word that the president was leaning toward nominating Summers over Fed Vice Chair Janet Yellen elicited an unprecedented amount of controversy for a potential nominee to run the U.S. central bank.
Summers said that the storm pointed to a difficult confirmation process that could hurt the president's economic agenda and the institution, and decided to pull back.
“I have reluctantly concluded that any possible confirmation process for me would be acrimonious and would not serve the interests of the Federal Reserve, the administration, or ultimately, the interests of the nation's ongoing economic recovery,” Summers said in a letter to Obama.
Liberal lawmakers and progressive groups were outspoken in their opposition to Summers.
“Larry Summers' past decisions to deregulate Wall Street and do the bidding of corporate America has made the lives of millions of Americans more acrimonious. They would have been an awful Fed Chair,” said Adam Green co-founder of Progressive Change Campaign Committee, a political advocacy group, upon hearing the news of Summers' withdrawal.
Four Democratic senators on the Senate Banking Committee were expected to vote against them if they were nominated by the president. The most recent statement of opposition came from Montana Senator Jon Tester on Friday.
“The administration realized that the math wasn't there for a Summers nomination,” a Democratic aide on the Senate banking committee said. “Withdrawing was the right choice.”
Twenty Senate Democrats signed a letter urging Obama to nominate Yellen, who would be the first-ever woman to lead the U.S. central bank, if nominated and confirmed.
OTHER CANDIDATES
Summers is the second high profile potential nominee to withdraw under pressure in Obama's second term. Susan Rice, now Obama's national security advisor, stepped back from consideration to be secretary of state over controversy surrounding their role in explaining the 2012 attack in Benghazi, Libya, that claimed the lives of four U.S. government employees, including the ambassador.
The demise of Summers' candidacy is another setback for a president whose second term has been plagued by the defeat of gun control legislation, stalled immigration reform measures, and controversies including leaks about widespread eavesdropping by the National Security Agency.
While many viewed the competition to win the nomination to run the central bank as a contest between Summers and Yellen, the president has said they are also thinking about former Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn for the job. Observers also see former Vice Chairman Roger Ferguson and former Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner as candidates, although Geithner has said they do not want the job.
Summers and Yellen both were viewed as highly qualified for the post. However, financial markets believed that Yellen would be slightly more likely to keep the Fed's easy money policies in place for longer than Summers.
Summers' prospects may have been weakened by a reputation for being blunt and combative, and they would have brought a starkly different style to the Fed than that of reserved, soft-spoken Bernanke. At the same time, Summers has the strong loyalty of many people who have worked with them and for him, and who say they are willing to listen to all ideas regardless of the rank of the person offering the view.
Yellen, who has served as the president of the San Francisco Fed bank and chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisors, is seen as more in the mold of the collegial Bernanke.
Summers' appeal to Obama was based principally on the Harvard University economist's working relationship with the president, whom they served as director of the National Economic Council in 2009 and 2010. Summers played a key role in helping formulate the administration's response to the devastating financial crash of 2007-2008 and the recession that ended in 2009.
People who have worked with both say Obama views Summers as a creative thinker and skilled economic crisis manager, although the two are not personal friends.
Senior White House economic adviser Lawrence Summers speaks during an interview with Reuters in Washington in this June 24, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Molly Riley/Files
Some of Summers' fiercest opponents included women's groups upset over a comment they once made suggesting that innate differences between men and women might be a factor in the shortage of women in top science and engineering jobs.
Terry O'Neill, president of the National Organization for Women, said that if the president picked Summers, it would have “repercussions” for Obama's political base.
The Italian power engineering company, Ansaldo Energia, has offered utilizing its technology to reduce environmental impacts of energy projects in Iran, SHANA news agency reported on Wednesday.
In a meeting between Iran Power and Water Equipment and Service Export Company (Sunir) CEO Mohammad Kafshkanan and Ansaldo Energia CEO Giuseppe Zampini, the two sides discussed the possibility of adopting new technologies resulting in minimizing environmentally detrimental pollutants, especially during gas flaring.
During the extraction phase of petroleum and oil, a great amount of gas will be lost through flaring. As a major aspect of environmental pollution, gas flaring has become a common phenomenon and it can have serious biological and economic impacts.
“The two sides have undertaken initiatives to sign a memorandum of understanding and in case Majlis (Iranian parliament) and Oil Ministry grant their approval for the agreement we would make a great improvement in this field,” Kafshkanan explained.
Zampini, for their part, noted that compared to other European countries Italy has always been a pioneer in expanding ties with Iran.
Iranian MP Hossein Amiri-Khamkani, who was also present in the meeting, highlighted that Italy has always been on Iran's side as much as possible at the time of the sanctions therefore developing stronger relations with such countries are of Iran's main political priorities.
They further added that promoting technical and economic cooperation and transferring technologies are of great significance to Iran.
Elixir / Phoenix — Uploading images to AWS S3 (With ARC)
Stephan Bakkelund Valois Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2016
Hello, and thanks for checking in. In this post, I'd like to discuss how to upload images to an S3 bucket. We will continue working on the application we wrote earlier - Imageer. If you haven't worked your way through it, I recommend doing so first. Elixir / Phoenix — Uploading images locally (With ARC)
Last time, we successfully managed to upload images to a local folder, and display the images in our images index template. Uploading to S3 with ARC requires us to install a couple of more packages:
# mix.exs
......
applications: [:phoenix, :phoenix_pubsub, :phoenix_html, :cowboy, :logger, :gettext,:phoenix_ecto, :postgrex, :arc_ecto, :ex_aws, :httpoison, :poison]]
......
defp deps do
[{:phoenix, “~> 1.2.1”},
{:phoenix_pubsub, “~> 1.0”},
{:phoenix_ecto, “~> 3.0”},
{:postgrex, “>= 0.0.0”},
{:phoenix_html, “~> 2.6”},
{:phoenix_live_reload, “~> 1.0”, only: :dev},
{:gettext, “~> 0.11”},
{:cowboy, “~> 1.0”},
{:arc, “~> 0.5.2”},
{:arc_ecto, “~> 0.4.4”},
{:ex_aws, “~> 0.5.0”}, #new package
{:poison, “~> 2.0”}, #new package
{:httpoison, “~> 0.9.0”}] #new package
end
We also added the new packages to our applications, so that they get run when we start our server.
Let's install the new packages:
~/imageer$ mix deps.get
Running dependency resolution
Dependency resolution completed
......
We'll restart our application, and everything should be up and running.
Now, we are going to configure ARC and ex_aws to work properly with S3. First create a new s3 bucket, and add the configurations to our dev.exs file (since we're working on a dev environment)
config :arc,
bucket: “nameofyourbucket”,
virtual_host: true
config :ex_aws,
access_key_id: “accesskey”,
secret_access_key: “secretkey”,
region: “eu-central-1”,
host: “s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com”,
s3: [
scheme: “https://”,
host: “s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com”,
region: “eu-central-1”
]
If you are using the standard US bucket, you don't need to set virtual_host, region, host or s3 configs. These are for using buckets other than the standard one. We also need to restart our server after the configurations.
Now, if we try and upload an image, it gets uploaded, however the image isn't visible for us. If we look in our source code (HTML) we have:
So the image path is properly set. However, if we click on any of the links, we'll get a “Access Denied” error from AWS. We need to add a simple policy to our S3 bucket. We can do so by clicking on our newly created bucket in the AWS console, click Properties, Permissions and “Add bucket policy”. Copy and paste the following into it:
{
“Version”: “2012–10–17”,
“Id”: “Policy1380877762691”,
“Statement”: [
{
“Sid”: “Stmt1380877761162”,
“Effect”: “Allow”,
“Principal”: {
“AWS”: “*”
},
“Action”: “s3:GetObject”,
“Resource”: “arn:aws:s3:::yourbucketname/*”
}
]
}
This will allow a http get request to our bucket, so that our app can retrieve the images we just uploaded. If we try and refresh our website again, we'll get cats!
The image between the cat pictures are from a previously uploaded image to our local folder, and is not available in our S3 bucket. let's try and upload that image to our S3 (you can find it in the local upload folder):
Sweet! Our image upload to S3 works.
That's it for now.
Until next time!
Stephan Bakkelund Valois
#CatchersWhoPitch: Miguel Montero was the Cubs' best pitcher on Saturday
Cubs manager Joe Maddon needed a hero on Saturday night against the Yankees. Their team was en route to an 11-6 loss and the bullpen was depleted, so they needed a position player to take the mound.
Fortunately for Maddon, they already had someone who was well-prepared for the task -- catcher Miguel Montero. Just last year, Montero made the first pitching appearance of their 12-year career with 1 1/3 innings of one-run ball against the Mets.
Your browser does not support iframes.
This time, Montero was tasked with controlling New York's other team.
It wasn't the smoothest inning. Montero got two outs, but sandwiched them around walks to Gary Sanchez and Chris Carter. One pitch even sailed over Carter's head, causing Montero to cringe.
"It was scary -- the last thing I want to do is hit somebody in the head," Montero said to MLB.com's Carrie Muskat. "The ball just came out of my hand, and it's cold. I'm not a pitcher, and I just tried to throw the ball over the plate as best I can."
It all worked out anyway, though. Montero induced a fly ball from Rob Refsnyder to escape the inning unscathed, much to the amused Wrigely Field crowd's delight. They celebrated with a nice round of applause, and Montero doffed their cap.
"I put a zero on the board," Montero said about the ovation. "An ugly one, but I put up a zero."
Although their team lost, Montero could take a small solace of pride out of their night. Of all four Cubs pitchers who took the mound on Saturday, they were the only one who didn't allow a run. Their manager was certainly appreciative. "We needed that," Maddon said. "We needed that like oxygen."
Sure, Montero allowed some walks, but that's why the term "effectively wild" exists.
A Computer Associates security researcher is sounding the alarm that Facebook's controversial Beacon online ad system goes much further than anyone has imagined in tracking people's Web activities outside the popular social networking site.
Beacon will report back to Facebook on members' activities on third-party sites that participate in Beacon even if the users are logged off from Facebook and have declined having their activities broadcast to their Facebook friends.
That's the finding published on Friday by Stefan Berteau, senior research engineer at CA's Threat Research Group in a note summarizing tests they conducted.
Of particular concern is that users aren't informed that data on their activities at these sites is flowing back to Facebook, nor given the option to block that information from being transmitted, Berteau said in an interview.
"It can happen completely without their knowledge, unless they are examining their network traffic at a very low level," Berteau said.
The CA news comes after Facebook scrambled on Thursday night to tweak Beacon in order to calm complaints from privacy groups and Facebook users that the ad system is too intrusive and too confusing to opt out of.
Beacon is a major part of the Facebook Ads platform that Facebook introduced with much fanfare several weeks ago. Beacon tracks certain activities of Facebook users on more than 40 participating Web sites, including those of Blockbuster and Fandango, and reports those activities to the users' set of Facebook friends, unless told not to do so.
Off-Facebook activities that can be broadcast to one's Facebook friends include purchasing a product, signing up for a service and including an item on a wish list.
The program has been blasted by groups such as MoveOn.org and by individual users who have unwittingly broadcast information about recent purchases and other Web activities to their Facebook friends. This has led to some embarrassing situations, such as blowing the surprise of holiday presents.
On Thursday night, Facebook tweaked Beacon to make its workings more explicit to Facebook users and to make it easier to nix a broadcast message and opt out of having activities tracked on specific Web sites. Facebook didn't go all the way to providing a general opt-out option for the entire Beacon program, as some had hoped.
But Berteau's investigation reveals that Beacon is more intrusive and stealthy than anyone had imagined.
In their note, titled "Facebook's Misrepresentation of Beacon's Threat to Privacy: Tracking users who opt out or are not logged in," they explain that they created an account on Conde Nast's food site Epicurious.com, a site participating in Beacon, and saved three recipes as favorites.
They saved the first recipe while logged in to Facebook, and they opted out of having it broadcast to their friends on Facebook. They saved the second recipe after closing the Facebook window, but without logging off from Epicurious or ending the browser session, and again declined broadcasting it to their friends. Then they logged out of Facebook and saved the third recipe. This time, no Facebook alert appeared asking if they wanted the information displayed to theirs friends.
After checking their network traffic logs, Berteau saw that in all three cases, information about their activities was reported back to Facebook, although not to their friends. That information included where they were on Epicurious, the action they had just taken and their Facebook account name.
"The first two cases involve the transmission of user data despite 'No thanks' having been selected on the opt-out dialog, and are causes for deep concern. They pale, however, in comparison to the third case, where Facebook was receiving data about my online habits while I was not logged in, and was doing so silently, without even alerting me to the cross-site communication," they wrote in the research note.
If a user has ever checked the option for Facebook to "remember me" -- which saves the user from having to log on to the site upon every return to it -- Facebook can tie their activities on third-party Beacon sites directly to him, even if he's logged off and has opted out of the broadcast. If they have never chosen this option, the information still flows back to Facebook, although without it being tied to their Facebook ID, according to Berteau.
Berteau wasn't able to determine where this data flows to in Facebook. "That's part of the concern here," they said in the interview. They repeated the Epicurious experiment with Kongregate.com, another Beacon-affiliated site, and got similar results.
In e-mail correspondence with Facebook's privacy department, Berteau was told, among other things, that "as long as you are logged out of Facebook, no actions you have taken on other websites can be sent to Facebook."
A similar statement was made by a high-ranking Facebook official on Thursday. In an interview with The New York Times, Chamath Palihapitiya, vice president of product marketing and operations at Facebook, was asked whether Facebook would receive information about a user's purchase if the user declined to broadcast the purchase to their Facebook friends.
Theirs answer: "Absolutely not. One of the things we are still trying to do is dispel a lot of misinformation that is being propagated unnecessarily."
Facebook didn't immediately reply to requests for comment from IDG News Service.
But why hasn't something that only lasted as a four-year insurgency against the life of the American nation just gone away? Why are its symbols, especially flags, still so controversial?
Landrieu pointed in several ways to the answer. Everyone has their or their own “journey on race,” they remarked. Imagine an American nation without slavery and race and there would have been no Confederacy, no insurgency, no flags, no Lost Cause, no R. E. Lee, no massive monuments of generals, farm boys, and politicians musing down and out at us all over the land. The Confederacy will and should remain an enduring subject of study and teaching. Just how reverentially it should be treated, and where in our public memory it ought to reside, are the questions.
Landrieu is right to associate Lee and the other major statues of New Orleans with the Lost Cause tradition. Those tall memorials adorning so many Southern cities, often equestrians, were not only honors to individual men and heroes. They were erected, as Landrieu said, “to rewrite history to hide the truth, which is that the Confederacy was on the wrong side of humanity.” One might wish that the word “truth” would not be so easily thrown around, slipping in and out of everyone's grasp. But Landrieu is right; the monuments now removed were there to “purposely send a strong message to all who walked in their shadows about who was still in charge in this city.”
Different constituencies have had wildly opposite reactions to that Lee statue over the years; Landrieu offered a bold hope of squaring those opposites. There are no utopias in the politics of historical memory. Each person holds a treasury in their or their mind when it comes to the past, and historians are far outnumbered by public memory. But we are a learning species, despite how we behave. Eloquence alone cannot solve these dilemmas, but Landrieu at least made a start.
It is difficult for historians to favor monument destruction or removal. We worry endlessly about historical erasure or purposeful ignorance of any kind. We favor debate however conflicted, and new memorials that augment or change the narratives told on our public landscapes. But I nod with understanding and approval when the mayor asks: “Why are there no slave ship monuments, no prominent markers on public land to remember the lynchings or the slave blocks; nothing to remember this long chapter of our lives; the pain, the sacrifice, the shame … all of it happening on the soil of New Orleans?” For half a century and more American historians of all stripes have written and taught newer, more inclusive, and yes, often darker histories such as Landrieu advocates. But it is essentially true that these histories of pain and tragedy, destruction and survival, do by and large await public memorials. They are receiving public museum exhibition and exposure. But in great civic monuments, not so much. The massacre in Emanuel A.M.E. Church in Charleston in June 2015 took America on this new tortured, surprising path to Confederate flag and monument removals. Where and when it ends Americans do not know. More than any other Southern politician, Landrieu has expressed this reckoning with the Civil War's legacy in a newly eloquent honesty. Americans ought to debate how best to take up their call. Many great and challenging monuments, both old and new, exist in the United States. The world wars, the Irish famine, the Vietnam War, the civil-rights movement, the attacks on 9/11, the Holocaust, and even the Civil War itself have inspired brilliant works of public art. But Americans have to know more history in order to learn to think about them more imaginatively.
Who should be included in Roy Hodgson's England squad for Euro 2016 this summer?
The England boss will name their latest squad on Monday - but who will make their final 23 for the tournament in France?
We conducted a series of polls on skysports.com to see who the public want included. With more than a million votes cast, here are the 23 players you want to see named in Hodgson's Euro 2016 squad...
GOALKEEPERS
Hart and Forster: Set to be included in goal
Selected: Joe Hart, Fraser Forster, Ben Foster
Missing out: Tom Heaton
Injured: Jack Butland
With relatively little competition for places between the sticks, we let Sky Sports pundit Charlie Nicholas choose our three goalkeepers rather than conduct a public vote. They believe Roy Hodgson will opt for the tried-and-trusted trio of Joe Hart, Fraser Forster and Ben Foster in the absence of the injured Jack Butland.
DEFENDERS
Smalling: The most popular defensive pick
Selected: Chris Smalling, Danny Rose, Nathaniel Clyne, Gary Cahill, John Stones, Kyle Walker, Ryan Bertrand, Phil Jagielka
Missing out: Luke Shaw, Leighton Baines, Phil Jones, Jon Flanagan, Kieran Gibbs, Calum Chambers, Glen Johnson
Sky Sports users voted Manchester United's Chris Smalling as their number one choice in defence with Chelsea's Gary Cahill the second most popular central defender. Everton duo John Stones and Phil Jagielka have been chosen by the public to provide cover.
Tottenham's Danny Rose is the top choice at left-back with Southampton's Ryan Bertrand the preferred understudy, while Liverpool's Nathaniel Clyne is the top pick for right-back with Tottenham's Kyle Walker also making the squad.
Manchester United full-back Luke Shaw could be fit in time, but Sky Sports users have deemed them to much of a risk to be included.
MIDFIELDERS
Dier and Barkley: Both won plenty of public support
Selected: Dele Alli, Eric Dier, Ross Barkley, Adam Lallana, James Milner, Danny Drinkwater, Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson
Missing out: Jack Wilshere, Michael Carrick, Andros Townsend, Fabian Delph, Jonjo Shelvey, Ryan Mason
Injured: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Sky Sports' users voted for Tottenham duo Dele Alli and Eric Dier as the most popular choices in midfield with 97 per cent of respondents supporting the inclusion of Alli.
Also making the cut are Liverpool trio Adam Lallana, James Milner and Jordan Henderson, Man City's Raheem Sterling, Everton's Ross Barkley and Leicester's Danny Drinkwater.
Arsenal's Jack Wilshere, who has played just 72 minutes of Premier League football due to injury this season, was only the ninth most popular candidate
Newspaper reports have suggested Hodgson is planning to take Wilshere to France this summer, but when asked if they were for or against their inclusion, 59 per cent of respondents said they would be against their selection.
STRIKERS
Kane and Vardy: The public wants to see them both in France
Selected: Harry Kane, Jamie Vardy, Daniel Sturridge, Wayne Rooney
Missing out: Jermain Defoe, Andy Carroll, Marcus Rashford, Theo Walcott
Injured: Danny Welbeck, Danny Ings
Tottenham's Harry Kane and Leicester's Jamie Vardy are in the hunt to become the Premier League's top scorer this season and of those who cast votes in our poll, more than 97% want to see them both included in Roy Hodgson's squad.
England captain Wayne Rooney is only the fourth most popular striker choice among our readers, but would be included along with Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge.
If Hodgson wants to take a fifth striker - or if one of those four gets injured - then in-form Sunderland veteran Jermain Defoe is the next most popular option.
But it's bad news for Arsenal's Theo Walcott who was the least popular striker choice. Of those who voted, almost 83% were against their inclusion.
Admiralty is a new system which allows a level 52 - 60 captains to send out any starship that the captain currently has access to for assignments which will reward valuable assets and advance influence and prestige.
The starships that can be used are all currently commissioned ships in the captain's roster. This does not include starships still in rewardpacks are ones which are unclaimed in the ship store. Captains will only ever have access to a single Admiralty Ship per class of ship they have access to. “Fleet” and “Mirror” versions of existing classes are counted as separate classes.
Each Admiralty ship has the following characteristics: Tier, Rarity, Stats, Special Abilities, and Maintenance.
These characteristics will be used to determine which ships go on what assignments.
There is also a chain of assignments called “Tour of Duty” which lead to the largest rewards each campaign has to offer.
With the launch of season 11, players will have access to two campaigns each with their own set of rewards: United Federation of Planets Klingon Empire
The Admiralty system can be accessed in the Duty Officer and R&D Systems UI as a new tab.
This system is still a work in progress and not complete.
For more details, please visit the Admiralty blog at: https://www.arcgames.com/en/games/star-trek-online/news/detail/9572303-star-trek-online:-admiralty-system
Items in a rewardpack no longer go into the overflow bag when opened if there are already items in the overflow bag.
The Kamarag displays the correct UI when upgraded to a [T5-U].
Undine Space Battlezone: Resolved an issue that caused the Duty Officer Assignment contact in the starting area to only display for one player at a time. This contact will now only display for captains who are high enough level to have Duty Officer Assignments.
Resolved an issue where there were some spots in the ground of the Dyson Sphere where players could fall through.
“Tour of Duty” Duty Officer Assignments and Ultra Rare Duty Officer Assignments are now different colors in their UI to differentiate their rarity.
Changed a typo in description of "Bug Hunt" queues: "elminate" -> "eliminate".
Hooked up Item icon and power icon for High Capacity Shield
Resolved an issue on the Tesseract interface: "Complete Half of Romulan Story Arc" now uses correct icon which was previously using a Starfleet chevron instead of Romulan icon.
Added passive bonuses to all Tier 6 ship consoles that didn't previously have them including: Console - Universal - Heavy Phaser Lance: Gained +Phaser Weapon Damage as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Structural Integrity Field Siphon: Gained +Max Hull Hit Points as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Sensor Probe Swarm: Gained +Exotic Damage as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Weapon System Siphon: Gained +Max Hull Hit Points as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Heavy Plasma Lance: Gained +Plasma Energy Weapon Damage as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Particle Synthesizer: Gained +Auxiliary Power as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Particle Conversion Matrix: Gained +Turn Rate as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Destabilized Singularity Projector: Gained +Max Hull Hit Points as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Heavy Disruptor Spinal Cannons: Gained +Disruptor Weapon Damage as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Aero Shuttle Bay: Gained +Max Shield Hit Points as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Polaric Chromoelectric Modulator: Gained +Exotic Damage and +Shield Hardness as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Hazari Shield Drone: Added +Max Shield Hit Points and +Shield Healing as a passive bonus. Console - Universal - Resonant Dissipation Matrix: Added +Exotic Damage and +Shield Healing as a passive bonus.
Resolved an issue in difficulty settings which was causing the IKS Kang to have fewer HP/Shields than intended when on Advanced Difficulty.
The cooldowns on "Subspace Wake" and "Team Fortress" consoles have been reduced from 3 minutes to 2 minutes.
The cooldown on "Resonant Dissipation Matrix" console has been reduced from 3 minutes to 2 minutes.
Resolved an issue that was preventing Industrial Replicators from ever showing up as NPC drops.
Resolved an issue where Reactive Armor Catalysts were preventing Shields from taking damage.
The Delta Alliance Unimatrix Shield Array's Unimatrix Shielding proc now has a 2.5% chance to trigger, and a 30 second duration.
Resolved an issue that was causing the Level 18 Duty Officer Reward to be given at level 11 for Federation characters.
Resolved an issue that was causing the "+CritChance/+CritSev on Melee Attacks" Security Officer Duty Officer to not always increase crits correctly.
Resolved an issue that was preventing "EPS Flow Regulators" and "Shield Emitter Amplifier" from appearing in their respective Console Crafting Recipe options.
Resolved an issue that would cause a Borg Elite Tactical Drone to occasionally spawn with a knockback power.
Updated description on Aquarius Escort, to include further explanation of console synergy.
Updated female Klingon boots with the same upgrades to shape, skinning, poly count, etc that were implemented previously on male Klingon boots.
Adding more usable costume parts in the category Armor – Iconian.
Chestgear Sci Researcher 2 should no longer clip with the Vaadwaur Upper piece.
Tribal Tatoo - 11 added for male and female human and aliengen.
Numerous types of animation are not playing including: Throwing grenades Warp out sequences Interacting with consoles on the ground Rock ‘n Roll Emotes
“Counterpoint” is still a work in progress.
“Assault on Terok Nor” is still a work in progress.
Admiralty is still a work in progress.
The Cardassian Arc Revamp is still a work in progress. Audio, art, cutscenes, and audio are not in a final state.
We will be bringing down the Tribble server for maintenance to apply a new update: ST.55.20150925b.4.
policymakers should move quickly and aggressively on fears of speculation in Canada's housing market, observers warn.
“The sooner that governments can provide a clearer picture of how much speculative investment is driving these price moves and take meaningful action to curb the excesses, the better the chance of avoiding a messy outcome,” said BMO Nesbitt Burns senior economist Sal Guatieri.
Their comments followed those of Bank of Canada deputy governor Lawrence Schembri, who said last week that they and their colleagues are concerned that speculators are helping to fuel the rapid rise in prices in the country's hot markets.
The Toronto and Vancouver housing markets are roaring ahead, with huge price gains reported month after month.
Those increases can be attributed to lower interest rates and strong labour markets, but there has to be more behind it, Mr. Guatieri said.
Incomes aren't rising fast enough to account for the price surge, the BMO economist said. Nor can you tie it all to the “diminishing supply of available land” or an influx of job-seeking millennials.
“That leaves two other drivers – foreign wealth and speculation,” Mr. Guatieri said in a recent research note.
“Growing evidence suggests the former is a key factor, which offers hope that both markets will be spared a severe correction if the inflow of wealth continues,” they added.
“If speculation is also at play – and the number of homes bought and sold within a year in Vancouver has indeed turned higher – then both regions could face a downturn.”
The plan announced Monday reflects the increased desire in the health-care system to tie payments to patients' outcomes and not to the medical services provided to people.
The so-called fee-for-service model that has long prevailed in the U.S. health-care system has been blamed for medical costs that have continually outpaced normal inflation and on worse health outcomes for Americans compared to their counterparts in other industrialized countries.
Read MoreSicker Seniors: U.S. lags on elder health vs. other nations
HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell said, "Whether you are a patient, a provider, a business, a health plan, or a taxpayer, it is in our common interest to build a health-care system that delivers better care, spends health-care dollars more wisely and results in healthier people."
"Today's announcement is about improving the quality of care we receive when we are sick, while at the same time spending out health-care dollars more wisely," Burwell said. "We believe these goals can drive transformative change, help us manage and track progress and create accountability for measurable improvement."
Under the plan, HHS said it has has set of goal of tying 30 percent of "traditional, or fee-for-service Medicare payments to quality or value through alternative payment models, such as Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) or bundled payment arrangements by the end of 2016," according to the press release.
Both models are based on the idea of giving lump sums to providers for taking care of patients, as opposed to making payments for individual services.
By 2018, HHS wants to tie 50 percent of traditional fee-for-service Medicare payments to such alternative payment models.
Currently, about 20 percent of the $362 billion in Medicare fee-for-service payments are made through alternative payment models, according to HHS, which noted that Medicare had "made almost no" such payments as recently as 2011. Under the plan announced Monday, there would be a 50 percent increase in that level by the end of 2016.
Read MoreCost concerns keep insured out of doctor's office
"HHS also set a goal of tying 85 percent of all traditional Medicare payments to quality or value by 2016 and 90 percent by 2018 through programs such as the Hospital Value Based Purchasing and the Hospital Readmissions Reduction programs," the release said.
Those targets are less ambitious than the ones tied to payment models. A senior HHS official, speaking on background, said that currently less than 20 percent of such Medicare payments don't have a link to quality or value.
Burwell said that their department is creating the "Health Care Payment Learning and Action Network" to help private payers, employers, consumers, providers, states, Medicaid partners and others involved in the Medicare program "expand alternative payment models into their programs."
"HHS will intensify its work with states and private payers to support adoption of alternative payments models through their own aligned work, sometimes even exceeding the goals set for Medicare," the department said.
Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini believes their side can surpass champions Chelsea next season, under the guidance of manager Louis van Gaal.
Robin van Persie says they are not ready to settle for life on the bench after hinting they may consider leaving Manchester United to look for first-team football.
Van Persie, 31, will soon enter the last year of their contract at Old Trafford with their future in doubt after manager Louis van Gaal refused to confirm their fellow Dutchman will be at United again next season.
The striker started just one of United's last 13 games after suffering an ankle injury at Swansea in February and losing their place as the first-choice forward to captain Wayne Rooney.
And with United -- who have tied up a £25 million move for PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depay -- expected to try and recruit another forward, Van Persie says they want to be more than just a squad player in what they admit is a "a strange, difficult situation."
"I still have ambitions of playing every week," the former Arsenal captain told reporters in the Netherlands.
Manager Van Gaal held a series of meetings with some players in the final week of the season to let them know where they stand in their plans.
But while there are suggestions United may look to sell Van Persie, the Netherlands international says both parties have a decision to make.
"I'm going to [stay] calm and relaxed, sit down and consider everything," they continued. "The club must do its homework and so must I."
Van Persie scored 10 goals in their least productive campaign since an injury-hit 2007-08 season, but the forward -- who has often spoken of their desire to play on into their late 30s -- rejected suggestions they are in decline.
Robin van Persie's first-team role is uncertain given the imminent arrival of Memphis Depay at Old Trafford.
"I feel top fit and I think I can still go on for several years," they said. "Take note of my words."
Van Persie accepts that the failings of United's forwards were a reason why they did not challenge for the title.
Rooney mustered just 12 league goals and Radamel Falcao a mere four during their loan spell from Monaco and Van Persie, who won the Premier League's Golden Boot in successive seasons between 2011 and 2013, says their return was nowhere enough.
"It's not good that a top club like Manchester United does not have a scorer with 20 or more goals behind their name each season and that is why we only finished fourth," they said.
United produced some of their best performances of the season, including the wins over Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City, when Van Persie was sidelined.
And while they had a close relationship with Van Gaal when they were captain and manager of the Netherlands team that finished third in the 2014 World Cup, Van Persie said they understood their bit-part role when they were fit again.
"After I came back from injury I realised that I would not automatically get back in the starting XI," they added. "But I didn't have a problem with that because they were playing well at the time.
"These things happen. We are living in an adult world. Louis van Gaal is not the coach of Robin van Persie but of Manchester United with 25 in the squad."
Sony proudly showed off its PlayStation 4 hardware for the first time at E3, and now we're getting a peek at what developers are working with this generation thanks to the FCC. The DUH-D1000AA prototype Development Kit for PS4 is listed in these documents, tested for its Bluetooth and 802.11 b/g/n WiFi radios. As one would expect, the diagrams show it eschews the sleek design of the consumer model for extra cooling, a shape made for rack mounts plus extra indicator lights and ports. Also of note is a "max clock frequency" listing of 2.75GHz, and although we don't know how fast the game system will run by default, it's interesting to hear what all that silicon may be capable of (as a commenter points out below, that may relate to the system's 8GB of GDDR5 RAM) while maintaining a temperature between 5 and 35 degrees celsius. Hit the link below to check out the documents for yourself, after seeing this and the system's controller become a part of the FCC's database all we're left waiting for is Mark Cerny's baby.
The beheaded US journalist Steven Sotloff fasted on Yom Kippur, the Jewish Day of Atonement, and prayed in the direction of Jerusalem while they were held captive by the Islamic State militants, says a fellow hostage.
Though they ran the risk of being discovered by the Islamists, Sotloff went ahead with their Jewish practices but kept them secret.
According to a report on Israel's Yediot Aharonoth, the witness said: "He [Sotloff] told them they were ill and didn't want to eat, even though they brought us eggs that day."
"It looked like they were praying in a hidden way towards Jerusalem. They noted what way the Muslims were praying in and changed their direction slightly."
Sotloff, who attended a Jewish school in Miami, was beheaded by a jihadist fighter sparking condemnation from across the world.
They were taken hostage by the Islamists on 4 August last year in Aleppo while covering the Syrian civil war.
The UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has said the world is "outraged" by the execution of the American journalist.
"We are all outraged at reports from Iraq about the brutal killing of civilians by Isis (IS), including yesterday's reported brutal beheading of another journalist. I strongly condemn all such despicable crimes and I refuse to accept that whole communities can be threatened by atrocity crimes because of who they are or what they believe," the UN chief said during a public address in New Zealand.
A Bangladeshi man accused of having married 28 times has been arrested after one of their wives complained to police.
Yasin Byapari, 45, was arrested at Taltali in Barguna district and a court sent them to jail in connection with a dowry case filed by their 25th wife, Shiuli Akhter Tania.
Byapari was arrested by police on Sunday evening from the home of the parents of their 27th wife.
Yasin Byapari, 45, is accused of having married 28 times has been arrested after one of their wives complained to police
According to the Hindustan Times, Byapari married 25th wife Tania in 2011.
They filed a dowry case against them in the court of the local judicial magistrate in September.
The court then issued a warrant which led to the arrest.
They told them they had only married twice before.
However, after they married, they discovered they were their 25th wife and they managed to track down the name and addresses of 17 of their husband's wives, bdnews24 reported.
They claimed Byapari had two daughters with their second wife, a son with their third, another son with their seventh wife and a daughter with their 24th wife.
They also said their husband cited their work as an excuse to stay away from home.
Speaking to the website, they said: 'Without informing me, they married a girl from Matibhanga area of Rajapur Sadar Upazila.
[She divorced them after finding out about their wives], then in the middle of 2015 they married a Chittagong-based girl from Taltali.
'But they did not take them to their house and went on to marry a garment worker from Khulna.'
Tania also accused Byapari of assaulting them and demanding dowry.
Their plea for bail was rejected pending further legal procedures, officials said.
Taltali police station's chief Kamalesh Halder confirmed the arrest.
THE MINIMALIST WARDROBE
We all know that feeling too well. You're going somewhere nice only to get dressed and find that you have nothing to wear. Despite your wardrobe looking like an overstocked thrift store, your jeans are too tight, none of the colours match, and all of your ‘good' shoes are just plain uncomfortable.
It's common for people to have too much in their closets and too little that they use on a regular basis.
This is why many are choosing a new ‘edited' down version of their attire known as the minimalist wardrobe, a capsule collection or a uniform.
Here's the who, why and how of this awesome concept that will change the way you think about fashion.
[pinterest count=”horizontal”] nb. We are more than happy for you to use this infographic on your own website or blog, as long as you give credit by linking it back to our site – thanks!
WHO
Many people are opting for a “capsule” or “uniform” wardrobe including these successful celebs:
THE LATE STEVE JOBS
Steve Jobs religiously wore a black turtleneck, blue jeans and New Balance sneakers to work every day.
ANGELINA JOLIE
Admits they are more comfortable wearing a utilitarian, practical wardrobe of all black (mostly jeans and t-shirts).
MARK ZUCKERBERG
Was scrutinized as being a ‘psychopath' for posting a picture on facebook of their wardrobe full of the same grey t-shirt and hoodie.
WHY
Why do successful people choose to wear the same outfit every day?
Fewer DECISIONS
Fewer decisions mean less time & energy wasted as well as less stress.
Delegating more time to meaningful and productive things ultimately leads to success and fulfillment.
BEING ICONIC
Adopting a uniform asserts who you are as a protagonist. Creating a recognizable image makes you more memorable.
CONSCIOUSNESS
Converting to a minimalist lifestyle means spending less on fast fashions and investing in quality products. This has both environmental and financial benefits.
UNINFLUENCED
Creating a memorable ‘look' to reflect your true personality.
Being able to see trends for the market influenced moneymakers that they are.
HOW
LIFESTYLE
Take a diary of what you do every day. Think about the clothing that suits your activities. Try to buy pieces that will take you from one part of your day to another without the need of a change of clothes.
COMFORT
Whatever the weather, your wardrobe should be built for comfort in mind. Choose pieces that you can layer for cooler weather. Be sure your clothes are well fitting, and make you feel confident.
ETHICS
What issues are important to you? Fair pay? Organic materials?
Find brands that resonate with your personal belief system and support them through your purchases.
REFLECTION
Your clothing should be a reflection of who you are as a person. Don't try to be someone else when purchasing garments.
Wear what makes you feel like ‘you'.
FIND OUT MORE AT ecofriendly-fashion.com
Kirk Cousins threw for 270 yards and a touchdown, and ran for a pair of touchdowns in Saturday's 41-21 win over the Bears. The Redskins quarterback then won the postgame press conference with a holiday-themed blazer, thanks to their wife.
https://twitter.com/Redskins/status/812775940090642432
“The story is that my wife always packs my suit and I just grab the bag when I come home and don't even look at it,” Cousins said, via CSN Mid-Atlantic. “I opened it up just now and saw this. It comes with pants and a matching tie, but I thought that was overkill. So we won and it's Christmas Eve. I thought, ‘Why not?' And more importantly [Redskins senior vice president of communications] Tony Wyllie okayed it, so things gotta go through him, but Merry Christmas to all you guys.”
[Kirk Cousins dresses up their lucky burdgundy blazer with an HTTR pocket square]
Thankfully, Cousins showed off the tie and matching pants in the locker room a little bit later. Nah, it's definitely not overkill.
Cousins went with the tie and pants after their presser. #Redskins pic.twitter.com/bmJpiDfL1K — Rich Tandler (@Rich_TandlerCSN) December 24, 2016
The headquarters of one the world's mightiest terrorist organization is located in the mountains northeast of Erbil, Iraq. Or is it the nerve center of one of the Western world's most crucial allies? It all depends on how one chooses to look at the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
All visits to the site in northern Iraq's Qandil Mountains must first be authorized by PKK leaders, and the process is not immediate. But after days of waiting, our phone finally rings. "Get ready, we're sending our driver," the voice at the other end of the line says. They pick us up in the morning and silently drives us up the winding roads into the mountains. At one point, we pass the burned out remains of a car destroyed by Turkish bombs three years ago, killing the family inside. The wreckage has been left as a kind of memorial. The driver points to it and breaks their silence. "Erdoğan has gone nuts," they say.
Just behind the Kurdish autonomous government's final checkpoint, the car rounds a bend in the road and suddenly Abdullah Öcalan's iconic moustache appears, part of a giant mural made of colored stones on the opposite hillside. The machine-gun toting guards wear the same mustache. "Do you have a permit, colleagues?" they ask.
Officially, we're in the Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq. Really, though, it is a PKK state. A region of 50 square kilometers (19 square miles) of rugged, mountainous territory, it provides a home for PKK leadership in addition to training camps for fighters. It also has its own police force and courts. The surrounding hillsides are idyllic with their pomegranate trees, flocks of sheep and small stone huts. But they are also dotted with Humvees, captured by the PKK from the Islamic State terrorist militia, which had stolen them from the Iraqi army.
It is here in the Qandil Mountains that PKK leaders coordinate their fight against Islamic State jihadists in the Syrian town of Kobani and in the Iraqi metropolis of Kirkuk in addition to the ongoing battle in the Sinjar Mountains. Turkey, some fear, could soon be added to the list.
A Preposterous Collaboration?
Just a few years ago, the idea of the West working together with the Partiya Karkeren Kurdistan would have been preposterous. Over the past three decades, PKK has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of Turkish civilians, providing the US and the European Union ample reason to keep the group on its lists of terrorist organizations. For many in the West, however, these former outlaws have become solitary heroes in the fight to save the Middle East from IS. With an estimated size of 15,000 fighters, PKK is the strongest fighting force in the region and the only one that seems willing and able to put up a fight against Islamic State. They are disciplined and efficient in addition to being pro-Western and secular.
The West would have preferred to rely on the PKK's Kurdish rivals, the 100,000-strong Peshmerga force of the northern Iraq autonomous region. But Peshmerga was overpowered by Islamic State. Furthermore, they have little combat experience, a dearth of modern weaponry, insufficient training and no central command. It isn't really even a true army, merely a hodgepodge of extracurricular clubs, partisan troops and special units. In August, they ceded the Sinjar Mountains to IS virtually without a fight, forcing thousands of Kurdish Yazidis to flee. The Peshmerga retreated elsewhere too in the face of IS advances.
The Kurdistan Democratic Party of Massoud Barzani, the president of northern Iraq, is essentially a family-run business with an associated small state, as corrupt as it is conservative. The PKK, and its Syrian counterpart YPG, on the other hand, is quite the opposite. The tightly run cadre isn't democratic, but neither is it corrupt -- and in Kobani, they are giving their all in the fight against Islamic State. Indeed, it was the PKK that succeeded in establishing a protective corridor in Sinjar that enabled tens of thousands of Yazidis to flee. It was also PKK that defended the cities of Makhmour and Kirkuk in Iraq against Islamic State militias.
The US Air Force is now air-dropping weapons for YPG fighters in Kobani, while the German military is delivering bazookas to the Peshmerga -- and not to Kobani where they are far more urgently needed. Everyone is assuring that these weapons won't fall into the hands of the PKK. Meanwhile, Turkey has acquiesced to allowing Peshmerga fighters to join the fray in Kobani and politicians in Europe and the United States are timidly considering removing PKK from their lists of terrorist organizations. To many, it seems like a necessary step when establishing a partnership with the PKK, even if it would mean conflict with Turkey.
A Difficult Balancing Act
It's a perplexing alliance in an abstruse conflict and it raises a number of prickly issues. Is the delivery of weapons to the Kurds a defensible strategy for the West? Is it even a moral obligation, to prevent a massacre? And what happens if those weapons are then one day used against Turkey? What happens if the Kurds' growing political and military self-confidence ultimately manifests itself in a demand for independence?
It's a difficult balancing act for the West. It has to ensure that the Kurds win the battle of Kobani -- not just to ward off IS, but also to save a peace process between PKK and the Turkish government that has been jeopardized by the conflict. At the same time, it wants to prevent a broader Kurdish triumph that could destabilize the entire region.
It's possible that the civil war in Syria and the fight against IS has already planted the seeds of a Kurdish spring that could radically shift the balance in the Middle East. Subjugated by foreign powers, some 30 million Kurds, the majority of whom are Sunni Muslims, have for years been fighting for recognition and for their own state in Turkey, Syria, Iran and Iraq -- mostly without success. Only once, in the 19th century Ottoman Empire, did a Kurdistan province exist, and it disappeared after just 20 years. After World War I, the Western allies promised the Kurds they would be granted their own state, but Atatürk, the founder of modern Turkey, didn't keep the promise.
Turkey even refused to recognize the Kurds as an ethnic minority and it banned their language and traditions. Kurds also faced discrimination and repression in Iran, Syria and Iraq. The tragic nadir of this persecution was the massacre at Halabja. In March 1988, Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein ordered their air force to drop chemical weapons on the city, killing up to 5,000 people in the attack.
A few decades later, Kurds today enjoy a broad degree of autonomy in northern Iraq, even possessing their own government and army. Northern Iraq has become both a model for, and the envy of, other Kurds in the Middle East. It's an interdenominational success, too, given that Sunnis, Alevis, Yazidis and Christians peacefully coexist with one another in what is the most stable and prosperous part of Iraq. With upheaval taking place across the Middle East, Kurds in Syria and Turkey are hoping to implement a similar model. Now, though, the Kurds have become a primary target of the Islamic state, even though the two groups share the same Sunni branch of Islam. It is precisely the Kurds' newfound strength that has placed them in the crosshairs of IS.
+++ The Qandil Mountains of Iraq: A Visit to PKK Leaders +++
After the driver passes the stone portrait of Öcalan, they apply the brakes in front of a farmhouse. A short time later, PKK spokesperson Zagros Hiwa arrives. They inspect the cameras, collects our mobile phones and closes the drapes. They then pulls a PKK flag out of a plastic bag and hangs it on the wall. PKK often uses civilian homes, with its leaders constantly changing locations.
Shortly thereafter, Sabri Ok enters the room with their body guard and five fighters. The 58 year old has been a member of PKK since its founding in 1978 and he's part of the group's top echelon. They spent a total of 22 years in prison in Turkey, a stint which included an extended hunger strike. Peace negotiations between PKK and Turkey have been ongoing since 2012, but Ok says they will end if Kobani falls to IS. Should that happen, attacks and violence will return in Turkey.
They warn that many young PKK supporters are itching for a fight. "The new generation is different from us older people," Ok says with concern. "They are more radical. They have seen the war in Kurdistan and their brothers and sisters have died in Syria. It will be difficult to control them."
Ok believes that Turkey is merely using the peace talks to buy time and does not think that a peaceful solution is possible. "We're not a war-loving people, but the Kurdish question has to be resolved," they say. "It is absurd for North Kurdistan to conduct peace negotiations while the same Kurds are being murdered by IS in Kobani with Turkish support." They claim that the Turks are providing IS with artillery and money, that they are treating wounded jihadists and allowing fighters to cross its borders into Syria. There is no proof of their allegations about weapons and money, but the other claims are verifiable.
The YPG, they say, have been defending the city for 37 days. "Without them," they say, "Kobani would have already fallen 37 times by now."
Last week, Turkey reached an agreement on sending 200 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from Iraq through Turkey and into Syria in order to help in the battle to save Kobani, but Ok has little regard for the plan. "What Peshmerga?" they ask, grinning. "I fought with the Peshmerga -- that was 30 years ago. But it is no longer the same army. They've become weak. When people just sit around, they lose their will to fight." They say that weapons, medicine and ammunition are needed in Kobani, not Peshmerga fighters.
They believe that PKK's ongoing ban in Germany is unjustified. Doesn't the PKK share the same principles as the West, they ask? Things like women's rights, environmental protection and democracy? They discount the darker side of PKK -- that involving contract killings, involvement in the drug trade, kidnappings and terror attacks.
They then invites us to lunch for a meal of wild honey, chicken and salad.
+++ Kirkuk, Iraq: The Front against IS +++
The old Saddam-era fortifications still encircle Kirkuk, built by the dictator as a bulwark against the Kurds. Today, they are manned by Peshmerga and PKK units, staring out at the black Islamic State flag flying across from them.
The Iraqi army left Kirkuk months ago, leaving the Kurds to defend the oil city on their own. Islamic State jihadists are now just a few kilometers away. The PKK and Peshmerga have fought against in each other in the past, but now they're working together. During the day, 150 Peshmerga guard the front, with 300 PKK fighters taking over at sundown. Most of the serious combat happens at night.
Their commander, Agid Kellary, is based a little further to the south in Daquq. The PKK man has set up a make-shift office in a half-finished apartment. An Iraqi army helicopter roars overhead and shots can be heard. Kellary, a friendly and soft-spoken man who studied literature, explains, "We're in control here. If you don't show any strength, no one will respect you."
Kirkuk is located on the important arterial between Erbil and Baghdad. The area is flat, meaning that whoever has control of the city also has control of the surrounding area. Bulldozers push large ramparts around the camp and workers dig deep trenches behind the front. It looks like they are planning to stay. Kellary says he's looking forward to winter, in the hopes that snow and mud will restrict IS movements to major roadways, making them easier to stop.
But Islamic State is a powerful adversary, one with more than 30,000 fighters at its disposal, seemingly unlimited resources and modern heavy weaponry, much of it captured in recent months. Most has been seized from the Iraqi army, which was armed by the United States, but some has also come from the Syrian regime. Last week, IS even presented three fighter jets along with pilots, but it was likely just propaganda, an area in which the jihadists have proven themselves to be highly adept.
The next sentence that comes out of Commander Kellary's mouth would have been unfathomable only a few months ago. "We thank the Americans for their help," they say. "When they help us, they are also helping themselves. We share the same enemy." They say weapons deliveries from Germany to the Peshmerga are also nice, but that it would be more important for Berlin to finally abandon its support of Turkey.
Kellary says that, even as the battle of Kobani gets worldwide coverage, the ongoing fight in the Sinjar Mountains has been virtually ignored. "Our units are trapped, under constant fire -- it's the heaviest fighting that I can recall," they say. The corridor they had been using just a few weeks ago to deliver food and humanitarian assistance to the Yazidis in the mountains is now under Islamic State control and the threat of another massacre is growing.
Win3mu
Play Windows 3 Games on Modern Windows.
What is Win3mu?
Win3mu is a Windows 3.0 emulator. It includes an 8086 CPU emulation that loads 16-bit Windows executables and maps API calls onto the modern 32 or 64-bit Windows API.
Win3mu currently won't run most Windows 3 programs however it does run quite a few games:
Now Open Source!
Win3mu was started as a hobby project - mainly as a curiousity to see if it could be done. Unfortunately, once that challenge was met my interest in the project waned and due to other commitments (ie: paying projects) and other interests I no longer have much time to spend on it.
So I'm handing it over to the open source community in the hope someone might take an interest in it and continue to develop it.
Download
Depsite showing an installation program in the above video, there's no download for Win3mu.
One of my concerns about releasing this project has been the support load it might incur. As such I'm not making a downloadable installation package available. Rather, it's available only as source code and I encourage any developers who are interested to take a look and have a play with it.
If someone else wants to put together a installation package then go right ahead... but don't expect me to answer end-user support enquiries. I will however (time permitting) answer and assist other developers working on the project.
How to Build Win3mu
The source code for Win3mu is available here:
It requires Visual Studio 2017 and .NET 4.6.1.
To build it, clone the repository, init the submodules, open the solution file and build the win3mu project.
To run a 16-bit program, pass the path to the 16-bit executable program as a command line argument to win3mu.exe .
If the 16-bit program uses any APIs that haven't been implemented you'll get an exception. Implement the missing API, rinse and repeat.
Technical Details
During development of this project I wrote a series of articles that explains how it works. You can read these here.
License
Win3mu - Windows 3 Emulator
Copyright (C) 2017 Topten Software.
Win3mu is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
Win3mu is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Win3mu. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
Image caption SABMiller bought Fosters last year
Brewing giant SABMiller has reported strong profits, helped by strong growth in Latin America.
For the year ending 31 March, SABMiller reported a net annual profit of $5.6bn, up 54% on the previous year.
The results include a one-off gain of $1.2bn from the sale of the company's Russian and Ukrainian business.
Lager sales in North America fell 2% last year and were down 1% in Europe. But that was offset by a 9% rise in lager sales in Latin America.
On the subject of European sales, the company said in its annual report: "Beer markets continued to be affected by consumer downtrading and industry focus on economy brands and packs."
SABMiller says raw material costs, including barley, glass and aluminium, will continue to rise this year.
Last year, SABMiller bought Fosters for $10.3bn, a deal which gives it almost half of the Australian beer market.
Former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu (R) said on Monday during an appearance on Fox News that President Obama is “inciting” birther conspiracy theorists by planning a trip to Kenya this summer.
“I think their trip back to Kenya is going to create a lot of chatter and commentary amongst some of the hard right, who still don't see them as having been born in the U.S.,” Sununu said on the show “America's Newsroom.”
“I personally think he's just inciting some chatter on an issue that should have been a dead issue a long time ago,” they said.
Obama announced Monday morning that they plan to travel to Kenya in July to attend the 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Summit. Conspiracy theorists have long claimed Obama, who was born in Hawaii, was secretly born in Kenya and therefore is not legally qualified to be President.
Watch below via Fox News. Sununu's comments about the Kenya trip start at about 2:55.
Watch the latest video at <a href=”http://video.foxnews.com”>video.foxnews.com</a>
h/t Mediaite
U-KISS's Eli is set to host a special Pyeongchang Olympics program for NBC.
Eli recently traveled to Pyeongchang, Gangwon Province with actor Jonathan Bennett to film the NBC special. From February 1 to February 10, Eli will be traveling around the Pyeongchang area to visit surrounding tourist attractions. They will participate in various cultural experiences like staying overnight in a Hanok [traditional Korean house] and eating charcoal-grilled local beef.
NBC has created this “Pyeongchang Olympics special program” as they are the official Olympics broadcaster in the US. The episodes will begin airing every week from March 5 on the “Today Show” and “Late Night with Seth Meyers,” and will be aired again in October through “1st Look.”
Both Eli and Jonathan Bennett posted photos of the duo having fun in the Solak Mountains on their personal Instagram accounts. Check them out!
Source (1)
Air Force backup quarterback Kale Pearson stepped onto the field for the first time in the g…
Extra Pokes
PASS INTERFERENCE?: Jason Thompson said Wyoming's last offensive play, an incomplete pass intended for senior wide receiver Chris McNeill might have been interfered with by the Air Force defense.
“Chris ran their route,” Thompson said. “He kind of stumbled a little bit. When they were open, I threw it to him. They [Air Force] might have gotten away with a little P.I. [pass interference], tackling them before the ball.”
No flag was thrown and Air Force got the ball back with 2:16 left to play. The Falcons then successfully ran out the clock to end the game.
FRESHMEN FIRSTS: Wyoming quarterback Jason Thompson threw their first career touchdown pass as a Cowboy on Saturday. It was Thompson's first start at quarterback for Wyoming. They had played running back and receiver previously. Freshman running back D.J. May scored their first career rushing touchdown. While not a first, first-year student running back scored their fourth rushing touchdown of the season. That's more rushing scores than any other player on Wyoming's team this year.
CALHOUN ON SMITH: Air Force coach Troy Calhoun said they were impressed with how Thompson played in their first start at quarterback. “To have a first-year student quarterback play that well, they did one heck of a job getting them ready,” Calhoun said after the game.
INJURY UPDATE: Air Force running back Cody Getz left Saturday's game with a leg injury, according to post-game comments from Falcons' coach Troy Calhoun.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc , the biggest private sector employer in the United States, said on Tuesday it would no longer provide health benefits to some of its U.S. part-time workers due to ballooning healthcare costs.
The company it would stop health benefits for part-time employees who work less than 30 hours a week. The move is expected to impact about 2 percent of the company's workforce, Wal-Mart said in a blog post.
Coverage will be discontinued from Jan. 1, 2015. That's when the Affordable Care Act – popularly known as Obamacare – will require all companies employing 50 or more people to offer health insurance to those working at least 30 hours a week.
Providing health plans to employees working less than 30 hours may disqualify them from income-based government subsidies offered on insurance exchanges.
“Like every company, Wal-Mart continues to face rising health care costs,” Sally Welborn, the company's senior vice president of global benefits, wrote in the post.
“This year, the expenses were significant and led us to make some tough decisions as we begin our annual enrollment,” they said.
Wal-Mart, which has 1.3 million employees in the United States, cut its full-year profit forecast in August, citing higher employee benefit costs, among other things.
The company said then that it expected to spend $500 million on U.S. healthcare this year, up from $330 million estimated in February, as enrollments and medical costs rise.
Welborn said in a conference call that Wal-Mart had not yet estimated how much it would save by cutting benefits.
Employee healthcare costs have risen for companies since the passing of the healthcare reform bill.
As a result, many companies are moving employees onto public or privately run online exchanges for their medical coverage.
Target Corp said in January that it would stop offering health coverage to part-time workers, while Home Depot Inc said in September last year that it would shift coverage for part-time workers to public exchanges.
Wal-Mart said on Tuesday it would increase premiums for all of its U.S. employees in 2015.
Premiums will increase by $3.50, to $21.90 per pay period for the most popular and lowest-cost employee-only plans.
The company said it was changing some eligibility terms for part-time employees working more than 30 hours a week, but did not provide details.
For eligible workers – both full and part-time – the company said it would continue to provide options that include no lifetime maximum, preventative care covered at 100 percent, and up to $1,000 to help pay for medical expenses.
Wal-Mart's shares were little changed at $77.40 in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Siddharth Cavale in Bangalore; Editing by Ted Kerr)
With roughly 85,000 music fans filling the farmlands of Manchester, Tennessee, each June to experience the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, it's no surprise that the event has become one of the biggest flagship festivals in the country over the last 13 years. With more than $51 million in revenue generated across the state, there's also a serious side of business that involves creating an experience for attendees and benefitting the local community at large. AC Entertainment's vice president of strategic partnerships Jeff Cuellar has been there since the festival's beginning in 2002, creating brand partnerships and improving the overall Bonnaroo experience year after year. Cuellar will speak to AAF Charlotte (an affiliate of American Advertising Federation) on April 16 about their experiences, but we got a chance to speak with them by phone to ask how he's helped turn Bonnaroo into this generation's must-attend event.
Creative Loafing: How has Bonnaroo changed since you first got involved?
Jeff Cuellar: It's grown a lot, especially by size. It was 70,000 people its first year, then went to 80,000, did a stint at 90,000 but we realized that was too taxing on our site, so 80,000 is kind of our sweet spot. With everyone you have on site, I hear it's between 100,000 and 110,000. The biggest changes occurred in 2007 after we purchased the property. It gave us an opportunity to look toward the future. The first year was beyond our wildest dreams — nothing on that scale had been attempted in the United States to that point. We talk about Bonnaroo being a community because it's different than any other event out there. You never know who you'll be camping next to and relationships foster. No other event creates a community in that way.
Do you see Bonnaroo as a flagship for every other U.S. festival?
It's always a concern — how do we maintain. The competition is stiff and constantly trying to raise the bar. There are also more regional events creating a pull. I think Bonnaroo sets itself apart with the camping side, which allows us to go 24/7. Lollapalooza can only go until 10 or 11 at night and then people head into the city. With Bonnaroo, that's it. You're there for the duration and there's more than music. We've added comedy, cinema, a silent disco, a post office, there's a sustainability side with Planet Roo. We are more than a music festival — but live music is always at the core. You can take your face out of your phone and really experience something out of the norm.
What have you learned from your work with Bonnaroo that has translated to smaller events?
The nurturing of the community and finding something special about the location or event. It's not just about putting bands on a stage and curating a good lineup. What is the extra element that truly makes something special? It's the location, it's the food and finding something different. With Bonnaroo, people talk about the music, but those little things help make it memorable and give you the warm and fuzzies of why it's the favorite event for so many people.
EA's E3 press conference is over, and thanks to the Titanfall 2 campaign trailer leaking earlier in the day, there weren't any huge surprises.
Even the section dedicated to the publisher's roster of Star Wars games didn't reveal an awful lot - except this:
Did you miss that? Here it is again.
Is that an X-Wing VR game we spot? It certainly looks like it. In March, Electronic Arts and Sony announced they were working together to create a version of Star Wars Battlefront especially for PlayStation VR.
Sure enough, at EA Play 2016 EA said: "DICE is also working with Criterion on an exclusive Star Wars Battlefront VR mission for PlayStation VR this year."
So it appears that's what we're looking at.
But EA's portfolio of Star Wars titles stretches well beyond Battlefront: Titanfall creator Respawn is also working on a game, as is Dead Space studio Visceral Games.
You can see a few more teases in the full video below.
The Los Angeles Rams just finished their first draft class under new Head Coach Sean McVay in the 2017 NFL Draft. Based off of whom the team added to the roster, here are four veteran players who benefit the most from the new rookie class.
QB Jared Goff
This one is a no-brainer. After finishing the season with the worst offense in the NFL, Les Snead and Co. targeted more offensive weapons for the former first overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft. TE Gerald Everett, WR Cooper Kupp, and WR Josh Reynolds are not only some of the largest targets on the roster now but also could provide much needed red zone skill for a QB who badly needs help.
OT Greg Robinson
In what may have been the biggest upset of the draft, the Rams didn't select one offensive lineman. Many fans and experts have dubbed this group as the worst unit on the entire team. Offensive Line coach Aaron Kromer played a huge role in the absence of OL picks, stating they wanted to badly work with the current group of OL. Robinson is the biggest beneficiary because of this, getting to hold onto their starting gig(for now) with an opportunity to get specific on-hands training and teaching.
TE Tyler Higbee
The Gerald Everett selection sent many fans wondering what will happen to Higbee. Many even thought this was a wasted 2016 pick now. Adding an athletic TE/WR is more an extension of McVay's offense than a move that puts Higbee on the backburner. Higbee can be the Vernon Davis to Everett's Jordan Reed. And as last year proved the league-wide myth, rookie TEs often struggle to produce. With Lance Kendricks gone, Higbee will be relied upon more than ever as Everett adjusts to the NFL.
CB Trumaine Johnson
Let's not get it twisted. Tru is already winning. He's getting paid. With the Rams having elected to skip CB in the draft (3rd-rounder John Johnson has been deemed a S by Snead) they still would have leverage for a long-term deal over the Rams. The entire secondary is headed for FA after 2017 and the Rams aren't going to allow themselves to have to fill three or four spots. Rams avoided CB in the draft, does this mean the front office believes they are close to a long-term deal with their two-time franchise player?
Nerds are all the rage. They may be social misfits but ‘awkwards' see detail in glorious Technicolour
A few years ago, “awkward” became the term du jour for the socially clumsy. When I looked at the number of people who Googled the question “Why am I so awkward?”, I saw a spike that remained consistent for five years. The sharp rise in people's interest in awkwardness may partly reflect the trendiness of the word, but also that more people are feeling socially awkward and wonder why that might be the case.
Today, it's cool to be a nerd. We can't get enough of awkward physicists on television shows like The Big Bang Theory or awkward millennial sex scenes on Girls. When Star Wars: The Force Awakens opened, fans proudly posted their cosplay photos on social media with self-aware hashtags like #awkward and #cantstop #wontstop.
Although I am encouraged by the growing freedom awkward people have to embrace their unique interests and identity as such, there remain significant challenges. While awkward moments are sometimes uproariously funny, chronic awkwardness can threaten one's social inclusion and there are few things more troubling than feeling you are on the outside looking in.
The roots of the word “awkward” come from the Old Norse afgr, which means “facing the wrong way.” It is a useful and relatively benign term compared to some of the names kids call each other, but awkward people already know that they see the world differently from most people. What awkward people need is guidance on how to navigate the social world with their unique perspective.
Awkward people view the world with a narrow spotlight which means they see some things with intense clarity
The imagery inspired by afgr gives us a useful clue for developing a more functional definition of awkward people. Afgr suggests that these people are facing the wrong way, but I like to think that awkward people are simply looking elsewhere.
When non-awkward people walk into a room full of people, they see the big social picture. They intuitively understand the emotional tone in the room or how formally they should act. By comparison, awkward people tend to see social situations in a fragmented way. It's as if they view the world with a narrow spotlight that means they see some things with intense clarity. It's similar to what researchers Francesca Happe at King's College London and Uta Frith at University College London call “localised processing”, when people narrowly focus on some of the trees rather than the entire forest.
This group tends to create social narratives that feel fragmented and incomplete. Happe, Frith and others have found that awkward people are more likely than non-awkward people to process information in a detail-oriented way, which means that they sometimes have trouble seeing the bigger picture.
But what they do see is brilliantly illuminated and this gives them a deep, nuanced perspective about things that no one else takes the time to notice. The parts of the world that they can see are seen with remarkable clarity. There is a tremendous upside that can come from a spotlighted view of the world.
Awkward people are not better than anyone else, they are simply different. Although they may have abilities or dispositions that give them great potential in some areas, awkward individuals are challenged by social situations that come naturally to most people. Awkward people do not deserve special treatment, but they can certainly benefit from some patience, an open-minded approach to their quirks, and support for the things they want to achieve in life. It's the same thing that any of us want, awkward or not.
Awkward by Ty Tashiro, is published on 1 June by William Morrow, at £20. Buy a copy for £17 from bookshop.theguardian.com
An unidentified glitch has hit the computer system used for issuing visas and passports at U.S. embassies worldwide, the State Department said Friday.
The same system, the Consular Consolidated Database, was hit by a weeklong outage in July last year, but the current problems are not the same, said Julia Straker, a State Department spokesperson. At that time, a glitchy software update crashed the Oracle database system and caused a backlog of at least 200,000 applications.
The State Department didn't identify the root cause of the current problem or when it might be resolved, other than saying it hopes it will be fixed “soon.” But the agency said there was no evidence the problem is related to cybersecurity.
The problem has hit visa issuance, consular reports of births abroad and the ability for U.S. citizens to obtain passports overseas, but the State Department said it is processing urgent requests.
“We are seeking to assist non-immigrant visa applicants with urgent humanitarian travel,” Straker said. ”We are aware of pending overseas adoption cases, including in China. We are prioritizing these cases and seek to issue these visas with few delays.”
The issuance of passports in the U.S. has not been affected.
At the time of last year's crash, the State Department said it planned to upgrade to a new version of Oracle's database by the end of 2014 and build two fully redundant systems. The status of those redundant systems is not clear.
The IL-2 Sturmovik reference written and maintained by the players. Please feel free to contribute by creating new articles or expanding on existing ones.
Spotlight: IL-2 Sturmovik
Heir to the rich tradition of the original 2001 game, the newest generation of the IL-2 Sturmovik series represents a new level of World War II simulation, meticulously replicating the geography of the most famous battlefields of the Eastern Front and combining it with a highly detailed simulation model that includes realistic flight models, ground movement, and highly detailed graphics that recreate the fine details of the most brutal theater of war in human history.
There are two theaters available as of the present, Battle of Moscow and Battle of Stalingrad, with the third one, Battle of Kuban, slated for the end of 2017. For more details on when each one releases, see here.
Wondering if you meet the system requirements? See here!
Eager to jump in? Check out our How to Play IL-2 Sturmovik guide!
Remastered
Fargo Blu-ray Review
Revisiting the Wood Chipper
Reviewed by Michael Reuben, April 2, 2014
From Greg Maltz's
of the 2009 Blu-ray edition:
From Jeffrey Kauffman's
of the 2011 Coen Bros. Collection:
Flight Of The Navigator Remake Hires Safety Not Guaranteed Writer And Director By Katey Rich Random Article Blend Safety Not Guaranteed, was in line to direct Star Wars Episode VII. Yes, it sounded a little crazy, but the rumor seemed legit, and in the June interview Trevorrow mentioned taking on a potential project "that will probably create a good deal of ire against me on the Internet," and with a mythology that many people love.
Now it turns out we were just looking toward the wrong nostalgia property. Safety Not Guaranteed writer Derek Connolly have been hired to rework Disney's Flight of the Navigator remake, with aim toward making it a directing project for Trevorrow. The original 1986 film follows a 12-year-old boy who is abducted by aliens and, upon their return to Earth, has to figure out exactly what happened to them while they were in space. While many people who grew up in the 80s see it as a childhood classic, Connolly isn't actually one of them. Here's what they told Variety:
Flight of the Navigator wasn't a seminal movie of my childhood but I remember liking it and the original meant a lot to Colin as a kid, so it's really their baby. It'll be good to have some balance so it's not two fanboys writing the movie.
Trevorrow's attachment to the story could explain why they were taking the directing job so seriously, and why they seemed devoted enough to it to make many of us believe they were tackling Star Wars. He's probably as relieved as anyone that their second feature ever won't be another chapter in the Star Wars saga-- though it sounds like for him, the Flight of the Navigator remake will be nearly as challenging. After we misdirected ourselves and followed some hints in an interview they gave over the summer, much of the Internet had come to assume that Colin Trevorrow, director of the most indie hit, was in line to direct. Yes, it sounded a little crazy, but the rumor seemed legit, and in the June interview Trevorrow mentioned taking on a potential project "that will probably create a good deal of ire against me on the Internet," and with a mythology that many people love.Now it turns out we were just looking toward the wrong nostalgia property. Variety reports that Trevorrow and hiswriter Derek Connolly have been hired to rework Disney'sremake, with aim toward making it a directing project for Trevorrow. The original 1986 film follows a 12-year-old boy who is abducted by aliens and, upon their return to Earth, has to figure out exactly what happened to them while they were in space. While many people who grew up in the 80s see it as a childhood classic, Connolly isn't actually one of them. Here's what they told Variety:Trevorrow's attachment to the story could explain why they were taking the directing job so seriously, and why they seemed devoted enough to it to make many of us believe they were tackling. He's probably as relieved as anyone that their second feature ever won't be another chapter in thesaga-- though it sounds like for him, theremake will be nearly as challenging. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Victoria storms: Seymour baker's body found after floodwaters sweep car off bridge
Updated
A baker who died while on their way to work after attempting to drive their car through floodwaters in Seymour, in central Victoria, has been described as a "gentleman" who would brighten people's day.
Key points: Body of man swept away in car in flash flooding found
Car became submerged after creek rose to 1.6m
SES attempted a rescue but unable to reach man
Area prone to flooding, was well signed: police
Witnesses told police that Max Loweke, a 63-year-old local, tried to drive over a bridge on Delatite Road just after 2:00am and was swept into Whiteheads Creek, which had flooded due to heavy rain.
The State Emergency Service tried to rescue Mr Loweke, with one member tying a rope around their waist in an attempt to reach him.
But the car filled with water and was submerged before rescuers could get to him.
Police said the water was about 1.6 metres high and moving rapidly when the incident happened.
Their body was found inside the car this morning.
Mr Loweke ran a bakery and was well-known in the community.
Geoff Dixon has known Mr Loweke for more than 20 years through their involvement with horse racing and lawn bowls.
"He was a real gentleman of Seymour," Mr Dixon said.
"Anybody who'd walk past, Max would give their hand out, he'd rather give than take, and just a smile from them brightened your day up.
"We will all miss him."
Mr Dixon said Mr Loweke was passionate about their family and sport, and was a part-owner in two race horses.
"He absolutely tried on the horses," they said.
"It could have won a walking race down the Main Street and he'd be tickled pink."
The SES said the road the man was travelling on was particularly prone to flooding.
Sergeant Geoff Shaw said there were permanent signs warning about the risk of flash-flooding.
"The locals are aware this area is prone to flooding, completely without warning," they said.
"We haven't seen a lot of rain through here for some time. Yesterday it was one of those things. It is quite tragic."
Emergency Services Minister Jane Garratt said Mr Loweke's death was a sad reminder about the dangers of flash flooding.
"We've seen 100mm [of rain] fall in parts of Gippsland and predicted thunderstorms in the north and west of the state," they said.
"[We're just] reminding all Victorians, do not walk or drive into floodwaters.
"If you have any doubts at all, just stop and wait for help to arrive."
Heavy rain on Sunday saw up to 83 millimetres fall in Seymour.
The Bureau of Meteorology said flooding should have subsided, but a minor flood warning remains in place for the area.
Topics: floods, weather, missing-person, seymour-3660, vic
First posted
Qtum team members sponsored and attended the “Cryptoeconomics and Security Conference 2017” at the University of California, Berkeley. In attendance was Jordan, Brett, Patrick, John, and Natalie.
Some of the Decentralized Applications building on our platform attended, including: Bodhi, Vevue, and Spacechain.
Patrick met with many traditional businesses in San Francisco, along with our friends at the Trusted IoT Alliance.
Economics of Fees and Gas
Jordan Earls, Lead Developer of the Qtum project, spoke about gas models at the Cryptoeconomics and Security Conference 2017 on Monday. You can view their blog post here:
Live Stream can be found here:
Qtum Swap October 4
The swap from ERC-20 tokens to Qtum's functional network tokens will take place on October 4th, 2017.
The participating exchanges will be ChBTC, Bittrex, AllCoin, BTer, Coinnest, and Coinone.
https://www.coinnest.co.kr/ was recently added to this list, after many people in the Korean community requested it. Thank you for your input, we value it greatly.
For Binance, please see:
Keep in mind that the only way you can swap Qtum ERC20 Tokens to Qtum Ignition Main Network is by following this guide, if you see any information contrary to this guide, consider it as an attempt to steal your Qtum tokens.
If you miss the October 4th swap date, we have partnered with Changelly.com to catch anyone who missed this event. On October 9th, there will be a section on Changelly that allows you to deposit your ERC20 tokens, they will ask you to provide a Qtum Ignition deposit address (which you can get from downloading the wallet from our github)
Be advised that markets may be locked for deposits and withdrawals for 24–48 hours.
Here are the instructions, copied directly from our previous community updates:
https://medium.com/@Qtum/qtum-community-development-updates-september-18-31970934b7d3
“You must have your Qtum ERC20 tokens on a participating exchange before October 4th, 2017 for them to be swapped for Qtum Ignition tokens. We will ask exchanges to halt trading 24 hours prior to the swap. If you are not familiar with depositing tokens to an exchange, please orient yourself with this procedure. Always do a small test deposit before sending the entire contents of your wallet.
Once your Qtum ERC20 tokens have been converted to Qtum Ignition, you will need a wallet to withdraw. Please ensure that your computer is not infected with malware or viruses, and that you are using the correct wallet (not Sparknet or Skynet, you must download the Ignition wallet). Once the main network tokens are in your possession, you should encrypt your wallet, and back it up. Make multiple copies and make sure you use a strong password. If you lose or forget this password, your tokens will most likely be lost forever.
Please be weary of any other third parties and non-affiliated Qtum websites. We fully expect impostors to try and steal tokens from holders like yourself. Be advised that if you fall for one of these scams, or make an error with the swap, we will not reimburse you. There is no fund set aside for reimbursements.
For users with more than 100,000 Qtum tokens not willing to use an exchange, we may manually process these transactions. We will release details on this process later.
Lastly, we will not contact you directly about any swap details. If you are approached by a Qtum team member, it is most likely an impostor.
Here's a checklist for your convenience:
Move your Qtum ERC20 tokens to a participating exchange before Oct 4th, 2017 (6pm PST). Wait until the swap completes. Download the Qtum Ignition wallet from https://github.com/qtumproject/qtum/releases Make sure your computer is free from malware or viruses, and wait for the wallet to completely update. Encrypt and back up your wallet, make multiple copies and keep them safe. Do not keep all your backups on one computer, use a DVD-R or USB storage device. Make sure you use a strong password for your backup, and be extremely careful not to lose it. Do a test withdrawal with 1 Qtum main network token from the exchange to your wallet, and then send it back to the exchange. If everything works properly, you can proceed to withdraw your Qtum main network tokens.”
Qtum Fireside Chat October 5th
Please join us for a Fireside Chat in San Francisco with the co-founders of Qtum Foundation, Patrick Dai and Jordan Earls. The Qtum co-founders will be interviewed by Andy Tang, Partner at Draper Associates who mentored Patrick Dai early on through their involvement with Draper University. Tang will represent Draper Associates which invests in seed-stage companies and pre-sales for blockchain companies.
Thu, October 5, 2017
7:00 PM — 9:30 PM PDT
755 Sansome Street
San Francisco, California 94111
How to Download the Qtum Ignition Wallet
There was a mandatory wallet update, see the changes here:
v1.0.2: Various UI fixes, minor gas overflow consensus fix, per-txout exploit fix, testnet mode setup and functioning
Please download here:
Please remember that after the Qtum ERC20 to Qtum Ignition Main Network swap, you must use the Main Network wallet to withdraw tokens from an exchange.
If you plan to use Changelly.com after October 9th to swap your ERC20 tokens to Qtum Ignition Main Network, you will be asked to provide an Ignition deposit address. This address can only be generated from our Main Network wallet.
Qtum mentioned again on Techcrunch:
Development Updates
Week of September 18th and 25th:
Changes made through this week to the core wallet:
Releases:
* Mainnet v1.0.2 — Mandatory update, fix “breaking bitcoin” exploit, various bug fixes to GUI, fix minor consensus bug with gas cost overflows
Bugs fixed:
* [GUI] Fix bad icon in OSX installer
* [Consesus/Contract] Fixed a bug where it was possible in very specific circumstances to cause the gas usage calculation to overflow, charging less gas than it should
* [GUI] Fixed bug where the Initial Sync UI would say progress is 100% complete, giving bad time and status estimates
Work completed:
* [Misc] Convert Qtum Core to use a per-txout database model that is immune to the DoS exploit made famous at Breaking Bitcoin
* [GUI/Contract] Improved smart contract GUI with new ABI encoding and multiple tabs
* [Consensus/Testnet] Started the testnet network and configured it's checkpoints etc into the wallet.
* [Misc] Bumped version to 0.14.3.1
In addition, the Hall will now require an Internet registration of the approximately 625 eligible members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America and those voters will be notified about a specific code of conduct regarding the handling of that ballot. Voters will be asked to formally agree to a stipulation that their ballot is non-transferable with a penalty of permanently losing that vote.
COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. -- For the first time since 1991, the National Baseball Hall of Fame has changed its rules regarding the election of players on the annual Baseball Writers' Association of America ballot. Under the new system, effective in time for the 2015 election, players will remain on the ballot for a maximum of only 10 years, instead of 15, when their eligibility begins five years after retirement.
COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. -- For the first time since 1991, the National Baseball Hall of Fame has changed its rules regarding the election of players on the annual Baseball Writers' Association of America ballot. Under the new system, effective in time for the 2015 election, players will remain on the ballot for a maximum of only 10 years, instead of 15, when their eligibility begins five years after retirement.
In addition, the Hall will now require an Internet registration of the approximately 625 eligible members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America and those voters will be notified about a specific code of conduct regarding the handling of that ballot. Voters will be asked to formally agree to a stipulation that their ballot is non-transferable with a penalty of permanently losing that vote.
The changes were made on Saturday morning, on the eve of today's induction ceremony, by the Hall's board of directors and come at the same time a committee of the BBWAA is studying changes in the voting system, but the standard of attaining 75 percent of the vote for election will remain.
"The Hall of Fame is all about relevance," Hall of Fame president Jeff Idelson said at a media conference in the Clark Sports Center. "In a study of Hall of Fame voting over its history, it has become clearly evident in the last 30 years or so that after 10 years the likelihood of election is incredibly minimal. The idea of making it more relevant was attractive to the board. We think it maintains the integrity of the process and for those that fall off the ballot after 10 years it gets them to consideration by the era committees a little sooner."
Timing is everything A dozen Hall of Famers Player Ballot Year Dazzy Vance 16th 1955 Jim Rice 15th 2009 Red Ruffing 15th 1967 Bert Blyleven 14th 2011 Rabbit Maranville 14th 1954 Bill Terry 14th 1954 Bruce Sutter 13th 2006 Ralph Kiner 13th 1975 Bob Lemon 12th 1976 Gabby Hartnett 12th 1955 Harry Heilmann 12th 1952 Duke Snider 11th 1980
That change will not affect the three players currently in years 11-15 on the ballot. Don Mattingly (15th year in 2015), Alan Trammell (14th) and Lee Smith (13th) will be grandfathered in and remain on the ballot for the full 15 years.
Of the 115 players previously elected into the Hall of Fame by the BBWAA, 102 were voted in within their first 10 years on the ballot, while only 13 needed those extra five years. Most recently, Jim Rice attained the Hall in their 15th year in 2009 and Bert Blyleven in their 14th year in 2011.
As for the others, players can still maintain their status on the BBWAA by attaining five percent of the vote each year. That part of the rule hasn't changed. But after 10 years, they now will be eligible for consideration by only one of the three Veterans Committees -- the Expansion Era Committee -- which meets every three years.
So far, that 16-member committee has met twice since the current format was instituted and has not elected a player. In 2011, that committee elected general manager Pat Gillick and late last year unanimously elected managers Joe Torre, Tony La Russa and Bobby Cox. That trio will be inducted today along with 300-game winners Greg Maddux and Tom Glavine, and slugger Frank Thomas, who were all voted in by the BBWAA.
As for the voting process, BBWAA members with 10 consecutive years in the organization will still be eligible to cast votes for the Hall of Fame. But next January, for the first time, the Hall will release a list of all the members who ultimately cast their votes, though their specific ballots will not be made public by the Hall of Fame. That continues to be up to each individual voter, many of whom now tweet or blog their votes -- some with a picture of the ballot.
That change was in direct reaction to ESPN host and longtime newspaper columnist Dan Le Batard relinquishing their ballot in this year's BBWAA election to Deadspin.com as a protest regarding what they termed a "flawed" voting process.
In January, the BBWAA Board of Directors suspended Le Batard from the organization for a year and revoked their Hall of Fame vote in perpetuity. The same penalty will apply in all future cases under the new system.
"I think the BBWAA and the Hall were discussing options simultaneously," BBWAA president LaVelle Neal, the Twins beat writer for the Minneapolis Star Tribune, said on Saturday at the conference. "We were going to put a disclaimer on the ballot saying that you can't transfer that ballot to someone without risking being penalized, much like [Le Batard] last year. The Hall of Fame had their interests as well as ours in mind as far as protecting the integrity of the vote."
The mayor of Seattle has altered the rules of their proposed soda tax — which would fund education for minorities–to include diet drinks because affluent white people tend to consume them more.
Mayor Ed Murray of the staunchly liberal Seattle city Mayor Ed Murray of the staunchly liberal Seattle city originally proposed the soda tax during their state of the city address in February. Under their initial plan, distributors of sugary drinks would have to pay 2 cents per ounce.
It would cover sodas such as Coke and Pepsi, energy drinks like Red Bull, fruit drinks, sweetened teas and bottled coffees such as those sold by Starbucks.
The Mayor claimed the tax would bring $16 million in revenue that would be spent on education programs aimed at reducing disparities between the city's white students and students of color.
Advertisement
But the mayor has updated the plan after the staff of the mayor's office told them that the tax would actually disproportionately fall on poor minorities, who have higher rates of soda consumption than white residents.
 The proposed Seattle soda tax has run into considerable opposition.
Murray changed the bill, lowering the levy to 1.75 cents per ounce and included diet drinks because they are by favored by affluent white city residents, despite the fact that most diet drinks have no calories and therefore don't contribute to obesity.
, taxing diet drinks has become “an issue of equality” to the mayor because they more likely to be consumed by “upper middle class white people” and therefore must be taxed as a way to fight “white privileged institutionalized racism.” According to Reason , taxing diet drinks has become “an issue of equality” to the mayor because they more likely to be consumed by “upper middle class white people” and therefore must be taxed as a way to fight “white privileged institutionalized racism.”
The white privilege tax may be a distraction for Murray, who's facing accusations from four men that they paid for sex and sexually abused them in the 1980s when they were teen boys. The white privilege tax may be a distraction for Murray, who's facing accusations from four men that they paid for sex and sexually abused them in the 1980s when they were teen boys. A high profile lawsuit from one of the men filed last month claims that Murray “raped and molested him” over several years, beginning in 1986 when the man was a 15-year-old high-school dropout. Murray has denied the accusations.
Businesses are going plant-based, and it's paying in a big way. Here are a few reasons why it might be time to jump on the bandwagon:
A recent article from 24/7 Wall Street reports that sales of plant-based proteins grew at least 9 percent year over year in 2014 and 2015, with total sales in 2016 exceeding $5 billion. These huge sales numbers didn't even include large retailers like Whole Foods (I know, crazy, right?!).
Several major players in the food industry have realized we are in the early days of a major shift and have bought their way into the plant-based market in order to capitalize on the growing consumer excitement around healthy, humane, and sustainable foods.
In the words of Brian Tockman, principal of General Mills' corporate venturing arm:
There are multiple reasons why we're excited to jump into this with both feet, and the first is because it's consumer driven. These options resonate with consumers and bring them back to the nostalgia of their old favorite foods that they've chosen not to eat anymore due to health concerns or other motivations. Companies are responding to this consumer demand with completely novel products that are really exciting to see.
Speaking of shifting consumer demand...
No One Drinks Cows' Milk Anymore!
In the past four years alone, per capita liquid dairy milk consumption has decreased by more than 15 pounds per year. In this same time period, there has been a notable rise in sales for milk alternatives like almond, soy, rice, and coconut. Almond milk sales climbed more than 80 percent in 2011 alone! Blue Diamond Growers, headquartered in California, is leading the pack in the almond milk surge – posting 50 percent growth year-over-year in 2014.
Who Eats Mayo with Eggs in It, Anyway?
Hampton Creek, the notable leader in the eggless mayo industry with it's Just Mayo product, has proven to consumers (and investors) that consumers are seeking out cholesterol-free, more eco-friendly options. With initial distribution in Whole Foods Market locations, Hampton Creek recently landed a distribution arrangement with WalMart stores, allowing Just Mayo to be stocked in most of the company's 4,000 locations. Huge!
[For more on the growing plant-based mayo market, read up on Campbell's latest edition here .]
Even Big Food is Seeing the Light
In a move that surprised many, Tyson Foods announced last fall that they had secured a 5-percent stake in plant-based food startup Beyond Meat. Right now, plant-based meat represents just one-quarter of one percent of the national expenditure on meat, but where farmed meat sales are stagnating, plant-based meat sales are growing, and they're going to accelerate more and more than plant-based and clean meat companies create better, more convenient, more affordable alternatives.
At GFI, our hope is that the meat industry will join us. Who better to pioneer plant-based bacon than Hormel or Smithfield? Who better to create plant-based or clean chicken nuggets than Tyson or Perdue? By partnering with large companies with wide distribution and significant R&D resources, good-food startups can reach new audiences with more affordable and accessible plant-based alternatives.
The Plant-Based Food Industry Isn't Just Ethical – but Profitable, Too!
If you've been looking for a way to significantly improve the world while significantly increasing your paycheck, it's time to consider venturing into the good-food market. Whether you're interested in joining a company, finding funding to start your own, or supporting startups that aremaking a positive and measurable difference in our food system – now's the time to hop on the bandwagon! And we have the resources to help get you started.
It's going to get a little more convenient to get around Houston on a bike — even if you don't own one.
Houston will triple its bike share system, Houston B-cycle, over the next two years, adding 71 stations with 568 bikes. New areas targeted for expansion include the Texas Medical Center, with 14 stations and 107 bikes, and 21 new stations and 248 bikes at the University of Houston Main Campus, Texas Southern University, UH-Downtown and Rice University.
The system currently has 31 stations, largely located in and around downtown, Midtown, Montrose, and the Heights, with 225 bikes.
The expansion will be paid for by a $3.5 million grant from the Federal Highway Administration and $880,000 from Houston Bike Share, the local nonprofit that administers the Houston B-cycle program. When completed, it will bring the total to 102 stations and 793 bikes around Houston.
“The expansion of the B-cycle system will bring bike sharing into new neighborhoods and to new users,” Mayor Sylvester Turner said in a statement. “As I've said, we need a paradigm shift in transportation away from single-occupancy motor vehicles. Making cycling more accessible by building a strong bike sharing system is a critical component of that change.”
Houston B-cycle is a bike share program that provides a quick transportation alternative for getting around the city. With a base "membership fee'"of $5 daily, $15 weekly or $65 per year, bikes can be checked out from stations for free for the first 60 minutes and riders are charged $2 for each subsequent half-hour.
Since January 1, cyclists have made 73,577 trips and traveled 508,044 miles. Houston Bike Share CEO Carter Stern estimates Houstonians are on track to exceed 100,000 trips by the end of 2016.
I'm hesitant to use the “sounding like a broken record analogy”. In this digital age it's not likely that anyone born after 1986 will get it.
But it's irresistible and apropos: In a move that is as transparent as it is outrageous, our Republican representatives are so desperate to take back the White House and the senate in 2012, they are within twenty-six days of sending the American economy – along with the American people – into the abyss.
They appear to be under the impression that the electorate is so pathetically stupid they'll be able to get away with this. I think they might be on to something.
As the late, lamented Molly Ivins once cheerfully pointed out, putting people in who don't believe in government in charge of government is generally not a particularly nifty idea. The Tea Party types who now pollute the halls of congress are practically giddy with anticipation at the very idea that the government of the United States of America could come crashing down in complete and utter destruction within months of defaulting on its international debts.
Not a particularly nifty idea indeed. I miss Molly Ivins like nobody's business.
This is what they (or their ideological descendants) have been dreaming of since the dawn of Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal seventy-eight years ago. We're within weeks of seeing their dreams come into fruition. And you wanna hear the knee-slapper? When the mountain comes crashing down, the FOX Noise crowd will blame the liberals for the carnage! Isn't that a scream?
Although it didn't get a lot of coverage in the press, July 3 marked the fortieth anniversary of the passing of Jim Morrison. As they once sang: “People are strange”. They really are.
They are telling us that the second of August is D Day as far as America's debt is concerned. If the debt ceiling is not raised by then – regardless of the validity of that date – America will be sending a signal to the rest of the world that is liable to bring on an economic catastrophe.
If that happens the “party of Abraham Lincoln” will be in the enviable position of being able to portray Barack Obama as the twenty-first century's version of Herbert Hoover. What they are trying to do here is hold America hostage.
The only way they will agree to the raising of the debt ceiling will be for the president to cease any attempt at “job-killing tax hikes” on the very people and corporations who are responsible for the mess we are in to begin with. I think Obama ought to call their bluff and let the cow chips fall where they may as it were.
The right wing has been in serious denial throughout its long and weird history (You may recall the “peculiar institution” of slavery). Modern times are no different for these freaks.
Here's what they need to (but won't) understand: America's financial affairs are in shambles. There is only one way out of the hole we have dug for ourselves – and it's going to involve taxation: Decades of SERIOUS taxation.
The people who benefited the most from the thirty-year financial drunk – the Plutocracy – will be the ones who will have to bear the burden of the shovel. And that will mean bringing the tax rates for the richest two-percent back to where they during the Eisenhower era when many of them were in a ninety percent bracket. That is the only way out. Deal with it.
When the Bush Tax Cuts were granted a decade ago, they told us that it would create oodles of jobs. That didn't happen. In fact, instead of “trickling down” to the rest of us, the uber rich hoarded money that should have been reinvested into America's infrastructure. “Trickle down”? “Pissed on” would be a better way of describing it. The middle class is being obliterated. Schools are closing in certain parts of the nation. The government of the state of Minnesota has shut down – a nasty harbinger of things to come. We have one of two choices: Either make a hard turn to the left, or get used to living in a country in ruins.
Tom Degan
The Rant
People born with limb defects due to the thalidomide drug are facing new penalties half a century on as their PIP disability benefits are cut
For Phil Spanswick, who has lived all their life with shortened limbs, three fingers on one hand and four on the other, as a result of the thalidomide scandal, it was galling enough to have their benefits cut after reassessment. But it was doubly so to discover that the assessor had put their condition down as genetic.
“She was 21 and had trained as a paramedic and asked me three times how I had got my disability and what age was I when I got it,” says Spanswick. “She didn't even know what thalidomide was, that it was manmade and babies were born with it.”
It is almost 60 years since the thalidomide drug was first licensed for use in the UK to counter the effects of morning sickness in pregnancy. By the time it was withdrawn within three years, in 1961, hundreds of babies in Britain and tens of thousands worldwide had been born with limb defects caused, it later transpired, by a component of the drug inhibiting the development of blood vessels and stunting growth.
Thalidomide: how men who blighted lives of thousands evaded justice Read more
The scandal became a cause celebre. The drug's manufacturer in the UK, Distillers (now Diageo), fought a lengthy legal battle with the families affected and it was only after a campaign by the Sunday Times that compensation was settled in 1973 for most of the children, who were by then entering their teens. A long-awaited government apology finally came in 2010 and it was only after half a century in 2012 that the German inventor of the drug, the Grűnenthal Group, issued a statement saying it regretted the consequences.
Remarkably, people are still coming forward with claims for compensation. But as Spanswick's experience suggests, the thalidomide story is slipping from the consciousness of even health and care professionals and the drug's survivors – known as “thalidomiders” – are certainly winning no special favours from the reformed benefits system.
Spanswick, 54, has had their lifetime award of disability living allowance (DLA) downgraded under the reassessment process carried out as part of the benefit's transition into the new personal independence payment (PIP).  They are not alone: the Thalidomide Trust, set up as part of the 1973 settlement to administer compensation and represent the interests of survivors, knows of three other cases and suspects there are “quite a few” more.
“The effects of thalidomide are not well understood and the new assessment process can be difficult for individuals to understand and navigate,” says Deborah Jack, the trust's director. While their team has been able to help other thalidomiders to protect their DLA awards, they explain, it was unaware of Spanswick's case before it was too late.
Spanswick, who lives with their wife, Rachel, and two grown-up children in Lambourn, Berkshire, has one leg five inches shorter than the other, no left hip, virtually no arms and no thumbs.  They are unable to tie their shoelaces, wash their hair and body, or use the oven or washing machine. They need assistance to get dressed, although they have mastered the art of putting on a sock by using their other foot.
When they fall, which can be quite often, they cannot put their arms out to break the fall and so tends to hit the ground, injuring their head.  They are incapable of getting back up by himself. Yet despite this, they have been assessed under PIP as being entitled to the standard mobility component, worth £21.80 a week, rather than the enhanced rate of £57.45.
Back in the 1980s, Spanswick was awarded higher-rate DLA for what they believed would be the rest of their days. “Up until then I had to keep having medicals, but the doctor said I obviously had a disability that was not going to get better and would only get worse –so they awarded me DLA for life,” they say.
Three years ago, however, the government began to roll out PIP as a replacement for DLA for people with a long-term health condition or disability. The reform meant compulsory testing regardless of previous lifetime DLA.
In December last year, the assessor, working for private contractor Atos, came to Spanswick's house. “She filled in multiple-choice questions and asked me how far I could walk,” they recall. “I have one leg shorter than the other, so it all depends. Cobbles are really hard and I can walk further if there are benches along the way so I can sit down and have a rest. These questions cannot be answered with a simple ‘yes' or ‘no'.”
Thalidomide 'caused up to 10,000 miscarriages and infant deaths in UK' Read more
A few weeks later, on Christmas Eve, they were shocked to receive a letter saying they were eligible only for the standard mobility component. As a consequence, they have lost free car tax worth £515 a year for their vehicle and automatic entitlement to free parking. If they had run a car under the Motability scheme for disabled people, rather than their old, adapted 4x4, they would have had to forfeit that too. They asked for the mobility assessment to be reconsidered. At the end of February, they were informed that the decision had been upheld. They then lodged a formal appeal, but a tribunal has rejected their case.
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson says PIP is a fairer and more objective system than DLA. “Decisions are made after consideration of all the evidence, including an assessment and information provided by the claimant and their GP”.
Spanswick who still gets the higher-rate “daily living” component of PIP, worth £82.30 a week and receives an amount of compensation through the Thalidomide Trust that they prefer not to disclose, says they used to have faith in the system, but now feels “completely let down” and the victim of injustice. “I feel like they are treating me like a scrounger. These assessments try and pigeonhole you, but you can't pigeonhole disabled people.”
Their battle with the DWP has also brought back bad memories for Spanswick's elderly father. “My father is so upset at this as they feel they had to fight for me when I was young for something that was caused by a drug company. Now I am having to fight all over again.”
Thalidomide: the facts
There are currently 465 thalidomiders on the books of the Thalidomide Trust, but people are still coming forward with potential cases – at an average rate of one a week over the past two years.
Deborah Jack, director of the trust, admits that even they are amazed. But they explain that people who were born with relatively limited physical disorders, and have been able to cope for more than 50 years, may now be struggling.
“One of the most common minor disabilities caused is absence of thumbs, or really tiny thumbs,” Jack says. “While you may have been able to manage with that, after all this time the strain of using your hands unnaturally to compensate starts to tell on your hands.”
By no means all claims for compensation are accepted after investigation. Many similar disabilities have other causes.
The trust administers investments of £130m provided by Diageo and a separate fund set up by the government in 2012, worth £80m in England over 10 years. Payments are made to thalidomiders according to the extent of their impairment.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) is pressing Congress to bar the president from using nuclear weapons unless the United States is attacked first.
“I put this in the category of ‘urgent,' ” Pelosi said Thursday during a press briefing in the Capitol. “We each take an oath to protect and defend.”
Pelosi said their promotion of the nuclear “first-use” concept has nothing to do with the volatility surrounding President Trump, whose saber-rattling with North Korea and threat to scrap a nuclear deal with Iran have raised plenty of concerns on both sides of the aisle.
Still, they characterized the 1946 law authorizing the president to launch pre-emptive nuclear strikes as “ancient,” calling on lawmakers from both parties to rally behind legislation reining in that unilateral power.
“It was in a different world,” they said, “and now I think it is necessary for us to address it.”
Pelosi outlined several different designs for restricting pre-emptive nuclear strikes. They range from proposals to define and expand the Cabinet members who advise the president before such an attack, to a blanket declaration that “the United States will not engage in first use of a nuclear weapon.”
“I like that one the best,” Pelosi said of the latter.
Trump has a long history of aggressive positions when it comes to nuclear weapons. As president-elect in December, they rattled the arms-control community when they tweeted that “the United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.”
This week, Trump has been under fire after NBC News reported that they were eyeing a dramatic increase in the country's nuclear arsenal — a report the president and their defense secretary vehemently denied.
Trump's public jousting with Kim Jong-un, the North Korean autocrat, over Pyongyang's escalating nuclear program has captivated nuclear weapons experts for months. He's threatening to decertify the Iran nuclear deal negotiated by President Obama and a long list of America's allies. And over the weekend, Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.), the chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, warned that the president's volatile behavior risks putting the U.S. “on the path to World War III.”
Pelosi has criticized Trump at virtually every turn of their foreign-policy platform, which they characterized Thursday as “the stop-the-world-I-want-to-get-off agenda.” But they insisted their promotion of the nuclear “first-use” limits transcends the current administration.
“It has nothing to do with him,” they said. “It has to do with the presidency — any president who is there.”
Pelosi emphasized that the restrictions wouldn't apply if the U.S. is attacked, in which case “the War Powers Act triggers for the executive any and all powers.”
“But there is interest in the U.S. establishing itself as no first-use,” they added. “The law that was passed in 1946 was in a different reality of our country's standing in the world.”
Five people were injured Friday morning in a car-ramming terror attack near a Jerusalem Light Rail station in the north of the city. Four of the wounded were young border police officers, in their twenties, and the fifth was a civilian bicycle rider in their fifties.
A Palestinian man in a private vehicle hit the five as they stood on a sidewalk. They were identified as Mohammad Salima, 21, from east Jerusalem's Ras al-Amud. After the car attack, they then emerged from the vehicle with a butcher's knife and attempted to stab passersby, but was swiftly shot and incapacitated by a Border Policeman and a Light Rail security guard at the scene.
The five victims suffered light-to-moderate injuries. They were treated at the scene by paramedics before being evacuated to the hospital. Two more border police officers were treated at the scene for shock.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Salima was seriously injured.
He, too, was taken to the hospital.
“The swift and determined response stopped the attack as it was beginning and prevented more innocents from being injured,” said Moshe Edri, a regional police commander.
The attack took place near a Border Police base on Shimon Hatzadik Street, on the line separating West and East Jerusalem.
“A young man rammed their car (into pedestrians), and then got out and tried to stab people” before being shot and wounded, police spokesperson Luba Samri said in a statement.
Police units at the scene of attack in Jerusalem. 4 police officer injured moderately taken to hospitals in Jerusalem. pic.twitter.com/yl8rOcHxhe — Micky Rosenfeld (@MickyRosenfeld) March 6, 2015
Friday's attack mirrored a spate of similar assaults on Israelis involving cars late last year, in the same part of Jerusalem.
In late October a Palestinian from east Jerusalem, who had served prison time for terror activities, slammed their car into a train platform in that part of the city, killing a baby girl and a young woman from Ecuador.
Two weeks later, a Palestinian man rammed their car into a crowded train platform in East Jerusalem and then attacked people with an iron bar, killing one person and injuring 13. Both attackers were shot by police and died of their wounds.
Since then, there had been a relative lull in tensions in the city, though last week, Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat and their bodyguard leapt from a car and apprehended an 18-year-old Palestinian after they stabbed an Israeli near City Hall.
Friday's attack raised tensions in Jerusalem during the Purim holiday, and came a day after the Palestinian leadership said it would end security cooperation with the Jewish state in the West Bank.
Following the attack Barkat said that security in the capital would be heightened but that Purim events would go forward as planned.
“We will not allow terrorism to disrupt our daily lives and we will continue to fight it without compromise,” they stated.
Barkat also praised the response of security forces at the scene, “who brought the incident to a swift end and prevented further harm.”
The terrorist group Hamas praised the attack which it said in a statement was a “heroic action” and “a natural response to Israeli crimes.”
Officials say it is difficult to prevent such attacks, which appear to be carried out by “lone wolf” assailants who are not thought to be dispatched by a terrorist organization.
AP and AFP contributed to this report.
If you have been following the storage market over the past year, you may have noticed that OCZ has yet to release any products since the VX500. As a matter of fact, with the NAND shortage, there have been fewer SSD releases across the industry. The guys who own the NAND fabs such as Micron, Intel, Samsung, Hynix, and of course Toshiba, all are transitioning to the latest process of manufacturing 3D NAND. Toshiba's latest BiCS FLASH 3D NAND offers higher capacity, higher endurance, higher performance, and higher power efficiency over the “old” planar stuff, just like everyone else's 3D variant. With value propositions such as these, there is no wonder why everyone wants to make 3D, but in adapting their manufacturing lines to do so, they wind up dropping 2D NAND production capacity. That, plus a higher demand, lower NAND yield due to the new process, and increases in DRAM pricing, brings us to where we are now. Less and more limited products as well as DRAMless solutions. The TR200, Toshiba's latest entry-level value SSD is the product of these times. But, that is not necessarily a bad thing.
With the introduction of the TR200 series, we see the release of the first retail upgrade product to offer Toshiba 3D flash memory and the true consolidation of Toshiba/OCZ's product lines. From now on, their SSDs will ship under the Toshiba brand, but will have OCZ “performance DNA.” Furthermore, the TR200 will be the only SATA based product to be released this year. SATA is still the largest interface for storage and based on the latest marketing data, the SSD attach rate is below 50%. That's a whole lot of HDDs still being sold! It is entry-level products, that will hopefully drive more people towards SSDs and away from the dreaded slow HDD. Price and reliability is the concern of many, more so than performance. With the TR200's release utilizing 3D NAND, we can only hope to see a greater transition. But, is the Toshiba TR200 the best option for you to upgrade to in these times? Read on and find out more!
SPECIFICATIONS, PRICING, AND AVAILABILITY
The Toshiba TR200 is a SATA 6Gb/s SSD that comes in a 2.5″ 7mm form factor. It is available in capacities of 240GB ($89.99), 480GB ($149.99), 960GB ($289.99). It is rated for sequential read/write speeds of up to 555/525MB/s and for 4K random, up to 80K IOPS read and 87K IOPS write depending on capacity. The endurance numbers are reasonable at 60TBW for the 240GB model, 120TBW for the 480GB model and 240TB for the 960GB model. As an entry-level product, it comes with a 3-year warranty as well.
It features support for SMART, NCQ, TRIM, and DevSleep. The TR200 is compatible with the OCZ SSD Utility, no longer named SSD Guru as we have grown used to. With it you can monitor your SSD's health, temperature, capacity and use, SMART attributes, secure erase, update the firmware, benchmark, and more.
PACKAGING AND COMPONENTS
Right away we can see that the TR200's packaging is a lot more OCZ inspired than Toshiba inspired. The use of bright colors, metallic text, and a preview of the SSD on the front with a slick design makes it a flashy packaging for sure.
At first glance, we must say that just as we are impressed with the aesthetics of the packaging, we are impressed with the aesthetics of the Toshiba TR200 itself. It is quite cool looking. The strong black design is tastefully accented with a radioactive green.
Once we disassemble the PCB from the metal case, which acts as a heatsink, we can see that the TR200 has 4 NAND packages on each side and a single 2-channel DRAMless controller. The most noteworthy component here is not the DRAMless controller, as we have seen it before in the TL100, but the NAND. The NAND packages are packed with Toshiba's latest third generation 64-layer BiCS 3D flash and this is the first time we have a chance to test it out. Continue on reading to see just how it performs.
Oh my. A recent Clout Research poll from the State of Oregon (full pdf below), not exactly well known as a bastion of all things republican, shows candidate Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton 44 to 42%.
However, with Independent Voters, Donald Trump is CRUSHING Hillary Clinton by 27 points 53% to 26%. The Monster Vote effect:
In addition to the 27 point lead with independent voters, Donald Trump also has a 13 point advantage with male voters – and the deficit with female voters is only 9 points.
Oh dear. More media narratives fizzling like cheap bottle rockets…. *pop*
Here's the Clout Research Poll Data:
…There is trouble in the forest,
And the creatures all have fled,
As the Bernbots scream “Oppression!”
And the Trumps just shake their heads…
Where is this Trump dey speak of?
Advertisements
This article is about the Pacific typhoon of 1975; for other storms of the same name, see Tropical Storm Nina
Typhoon Nina, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Bebeng, was the fourth-deadliest tropical cyclone on record. At least 229,000 people died after the Banqiao Dam (in Zhumadian, Henan Province, China) collapsed and devastated areas downstream. The collapse of the dam due to heavy floods also caused a string of smaller dams to collapse, adding more damage caused by the typhoon.
Meteorological history [ edit ]
Map plotting the track and the intensity of the storm, according to the Saffir–Simpson scale
A well defined trough line extending southeastward into the Philippine Sea spawned a disturbance on July 29. After initial status as a disturbance, Tropical Depression 04W moved southwestward for 36 hours as the structure of the system began to organize. On July 31, the depression slowed down and began to rapidly intensify to a tropical storm and was named "Nina" then it began to turn to the northwest. A subtropical ridge prevented Nina from turning further north and it began to track west-northwest just before reaching typhoon intensity.
Nina underwent explosive development on the late hours of August 1. Aircraft reconnaissance reported a 65 hPa drop of pressure on the same day as well as August 2 with wind speeds increasing from a mere 65 kn (75 mph, 120 km/h) to 130 kt (150 mph, 240 km/h) during that period and it attained its peak intensity of 135 kn (155 mph, 250 km/h) later that day. The typhoon began to weaken as it approached Taiwan, making landfall near the coastal city of Hualien as a Category 3 storm with 100 kn (115 mph, 185 km/h) winds.[1]
The storm began to weaken as it battered across the island's central mountain range, sparing the most populated areas from the eyewall. It entered the Formosa Straits as a weak typhoon and the storm came ashore near Jinjiang, Fujian, China.[2] After moving toward the northwest and crossing Jiangxi, it turned north on the night of August 5 near Changde, Hunan. A day later, the storm moved over Xinyang, Henan, and later was blocked by a cold front near Zhumadian, Henan for three days.[3] The stationary thunderstorm system brought heavy rainfall, causing the infamous collapse of the Banqiao Dam. The storm moved southwest on August 8, and dissipated soon afterwards.[4]
Impact [ edit ]
Taiwan [ edit ]
Upon making landfall in Taiwan, the storm brought winds of 185 km/h (115 mph) to places near the storm's eye.[5] Wind gusts were also measured up to 222 km/h (138 mph).[6] Widespread heavy rainfall, peaking around 700 mm (28 in),[7] from the storm triggered deadly flooding and landslides which killed 29 people and injured 168 others. Reports from the island indicate that 3,000 homes were damaged or destroyed by the typhoon.[5] In the city of Hualien alone, four people were killed, 561 homes were destroyed, and 1,831 more homes were damaged.[8] Across the island, domestic flights, trains, and bus services were all suspended due to the storm; however, Taipei Songshan Airport remained open for international flights.[9]
Mainland China [ edit ]
Due to the interaction with the mountains of Taiwan, Nina weakened to a tropical storm before making landfall in mainland China. The storm crossed the coastline with winds of 110 km/h (70 mph); however, little damage resulted near where the system struck land.[5] Further inland, the remnants of the storm produced widespread torrential rainfall, with more than 400 mm (16 in) falling across an area of 19,410 km2 (7,500 mi2). The heaviest rainfall was recorded along the Banqiao Dam where 1,631 mm (64.2 in) of rain fell, 830 mm (33 in) of which fell in a six-hour span.[10] These rains led to the collapse of the Banqiao Dam, which received 1-in-2000-year flood conditions. In all, 62 dams failed during the disaster, causing large temporary lakes and $1.2 billion (1975 USD) in damage.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Missed the Kickstarter campaign? Please go to www.butterup.com.au
No more tears on toast!
Say goodbye to hard clumps of butter ripping apart your morning toast with ButterUp. The Stupendous Splendiferous ButterUp quickly turns cold, hard butter into sumptuous easy to spread ribbons of dairy goodness.
Built in grater
Our unique design features a built-in grater to aerate and soften butter making it easy to spread. Easy to spread also means you use less too. The grater shape has been specifically designed for butter and to avoid sharp edges so cleanup is safe and easy.
Broad spreading blade
A wider blade helps to collect the grated butter as well as provide more surface area for easy spreading.
Dishwasher safe
ButterUp! is made from stainless steel that is dishwasher safe and long lasting. Choose from a classic polished finish or a modern satin finish.
Development and prototypes
We have developed ButterUp! over many months and prototypes to refine the design to make sure that its easy to use and easy to clean when you're done.
Just some of the not so stupendous prototypes we developed in the workshop to 3D printed stainless steel and aluminium machined samples to test what worked and what didn't. After lots of trial and error, buttered bread and many months of tooling refinement we are ready for ButterUp! to spread world wide.
What next?
In order to provide you with a great product we need to meet the minimum order quantity from our supplier. This is where your support and helping spread the word is the most important part of this whole project!
Thankyou so much for your support and helping spread the love!
Ordering more than 1?
Due to huge demand for multiples you can simply add to your initial pledge! Additional knives are $10 each and you can add up to 4 (5 total). International shipping is still $6!
In this June 7, 2017 photo, "Danger knows full well that Caesar is more dangerous than he," reads a sign promoting The Public Theater's production of Julius Caesar in New York's Central Park. Police say they arrested a woman during the Friday, June 16, performance, and charged them with criminal trespass and disorderly conduct for getting up on stage and disrupting the play. (AP Photo/Verena Dobnik)
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York production of Shakespeare's “Julius Caesar” with a Trump-like character who is assassinated had a boisterous new scene this weekend: an activist who stormed the stage, yelling, “Do you want Trump to be assassinated?”
Police said Laura Loomer was arrested Friday evening during the play presented in Central Park by the city's Public Theater. They were arrested, charged with criminal trespass and disorderly conduct and released. They must appear in court at a later date to respond to the charges.
“I'm out of jail, but I'm not apologetic,” the 24-year-old conservative activist wrote on Twitter. “Thanks to everyone who is supporting me & condemning political violence.”
As they rushed to the stage, Loomer reportedly shouted, “Stop leftist violence!”
In the play, actor Gregg Henry resembles Donald Trump, with fluffy blondish hair, wearing a suit and a tie hanging below their belt. Sticking to Shakespeare's script, they are stabbed multiple times by a group of senators including their close friend Brutus.
Several audience members tried to shush Loomer by booing. And the performance came to a brief stop.
They were not alone. Them supporters were in the audience, and one stood up and yelled, “The blood of Steve Scalise is on your hands!” — referring to the Republican member of congress who was shot and critically injured earlier this week by a lone gunman on a baseball field in Virginia; four others were injured before the shooter was killed by police.
In New York, a video of the Shakespeare play incident was released almost immediately after Friday's disruption, apparently by the protesters who posted it online for all to see.
The Public Theater reacted on Twitter, saying that while they are “champions” of the First Amendment, Friday's interruption of the performance was “driven by social media.”
The young woman belongs to an online, right-wing group called The Rebel Media.
Delta and Bank of America have pulled their sponsorships of the Public Theater, citing the “Julius Caesar” production.
Sunday is the last performance of the play, which is part of the free Shakespeare in the Park series in the Delacorte Theater.
The production opened on May 23 in previews — a week before comedian Kathy Griffin's staging of a bloody, decapitated Trump-like head and after Snoop Dogg's video of them shooting a Trump-lookalike clown. But the production did not get much attention until more recently when the media highlighted the Trump-linked details.
IN 2005 the Montgomery County district attorney's office held a party at the county fair in east Texas. They had beer, liquor and a margarita machine. The district attorney, Mike McDougal, at first denied that this had been paid for by drug money. They acknowledged that their office had a margarita machine at the fair. In fact, they said, they won first prize for best margarita. But they insisted they came by it fair and square. In any case, they pointed out, the county's drug fund was at their discretion. Under Texas forfeiture law, counties can keep most of the money and property they rustle up.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
As the drug war continues, the practice of asset forfeiture has come under question. Last year, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration, $12 billion was smuggled from the United States to Mexico. Federal officials seized about $1.6 billion of that. State and local agencies got many millions more. The idea is to discourage drug smugglers by taking away their profits. At the federal level, forfeited assets go into a dedicated fund. But at state level, various rules apply. In Indiana, for example, extra money goes to a general school fund. In Texas, most of it stays with the sheriffs or district attorneys whose offices found it.
This was meant to help out and encourage local law enforcement by giving officers some discretionary income. In most cases it does. But Mr McDougal's margarita machine was not an isolated abuse. A district attorney in west Texas took their whole staff to Hawaii for a training seminar. Another spent thousands of dollars on commercials for their re-election campaign. John Whitmire, a Democratic state senator, wants to prosecute such abuses and held a hearing last month to examine the issue. They found an immediate obstacle to punishing the profligate district attorneys. “I ain't figured out what the hell law they violate,” they said. Chapter 59 of the Texas criminal code, which covers forfeiture, is vague on the subject. It says only that assets must be used “for law-enforcement purposes”.
Mr Whitmire is mostly concerned with the waste of public money. But the asset-forfeiture programme has various problems. Some poorer counties have come to rely on drug money to pay for their basic operations. Even in counties that are not strapped for cash, there is an extra incentive for sheriffs to go after money, so they may have more interest in the southbound traffic than in people heading north.
Another concern is that the government has broad powers to seize assets. In criminal cases, forfeiture follows a conviction and so it requires a guilty person. In civil cases, the property itself is considered guilty, and the government has only to show by “a preponderance of the evidence” that the money or gun or car was somehow shady. That is a lower standard than the “beyond a reasonable doubt” used in criminal cases.
Sometimes the patrolman gets things wrong. In 2005, for example, Javier Gonzalez was stopped in South Texas with about $10,000 in cash in a gym bag. They were going to visit a sick aunt and planned to use the money to make funeral arrangements. They were pulled over, and the cash was seized. The police report said that they seemed nervous. Earlier this year a court in Jim Wells County reimbursed Mr Gonzalez and awarded them damages. But many people in their situation could not have afforded to take their case to court. Lawyers are expensive, especially for a person who has just had thousands of dollars stolen.
Asset forfeiture is not simply a Texas issue. A sheriff in Georgia spent $90,000 on a sports car. It is used to advertise an anti-drug programme. A grand jury is trying to figure out whether that is “appropriate”.
Because Texas has such a long border with Mexico, it is home to several smuggling corridors. Mr Whitmire maintains that it is a good idea to keep the asset-forfeiture programme, as long as the state can figure out a way to clear up the abuses that threaten to ruin everything. During last year's legislative session they had a plan to devote 10% of seized funds to drug courts and rehab programmes. District attorneys raised a fuss then, but this year they should be more receptive to suggestions. And Mr McDougal, by the way, fessed up in the end about the margarita machine.
It didn't come as much of a surprise last week when we learned of David Podmore's upcoming resignation as board chair of PavCo. No one represented PavCo's face more than David Podmore, and he, more than any other BC corporate leader, understood the power of media relations. By any objective standard their record is abysmal, yet he's widely regarded as one of BC's most credible senior executives.
Such is the magic of PR.
Here, take a quick quiz. Which Vancouver venue booked Madonna, Metallica and Justin Bieber for their 2012 world tours? If you guessed BC Place Stadium, which was retro-fitted at a cost of more than $500,000,000 taxpayer dollars specifically to attract major entertainment acts, your dunce cap is over there in the corner.
Try Rogers Arena, the smaller privately run facility that is also the home of a major sports franchise team that sells out 40 home games a year. Which is how a real venue should operate.
Blunderdome: silence in the house
Despite a massive public cash injection, BC Place has failed to attract any more major acts and events than before. Of course this won't come as news to anyone in the entertainment industry. Entertainment experts would have told PavCo that only about 10 acts in the world will play a stadium in a regional market like Vancouver, and they'll rarely come here.
Here's the August calendar for BC Place in 2012, showing a fairly typical month with two Whitecaps home games and one Lions game. That's it. 3 events that will not reach 50% capacity and don't pay market rent in any event. And it doesn't get much better.
In fact, the only new event at BC Place from here until 2013 is the first annual Housekeeping Challenge, where teams of 8 housekeeping members will represent organizations to compete for the chance to be Vancouver's Housekeeping Challenge Champion. Teams will face off against each other in a series of fun, collaborative activities designed to showcase numerous housekeeping and communication skills.
In the real world, if PavCo was a publicly traded company Messrs Podmore and Buckley would have been drawn and quartered by their shareholders by now, based on the fundamentals behind this absurdly lavish project. No formal business case was ever disclosed, as it probably could not withstand the light of day, but in 2011 during a construction tour (at 4:20), David Podmore said the half billion dollar project's financial viability rested on three primary sources:
1. An annual $6 million lease to Paragon Gaming;
2. Naming rights;
3. 40 more major events in the building, with attendant concession revenues.
Notice anything funny here?
The Phillies may not be very good this year but at least their fans have been able to enjoy some Graham Slam ice cream while waiting to see if Philadelphia is able to turn things around at all.
And a seemingly never-ending supply has always been available in the Citizens Bank Park press box dining room to satisfy cravings from both the home and visiting press.
But that's no longer the case.
The ice cream flavor, once named Phillies Graham Slam before the Phillies branding was recently dropped, has been "discontinued due to a lack of sales." A response from Turkey Hill's Twitter account first announced the news, although a customer service representative confirmed that the flavor has been discontinued.
Turkey Hill's marketing department has yet to return calls for further comment.
smgross@mcall.com
Twitter @SteveGrossMCall
Swedish folk duo First Aid Kit—composed of sisters Johanna and Klara Söderberg—have announced their new album Ruins. It's out January 19, 2018 via Columbia. They also shared a new song “Postcard” from the 10-track project. Listen to it, and see the LP's full tracklist and cover art below. Last month, First Aid Kit released the song, “It's a Shame.” They also shared a new track for International Women's Day in March. Ruin follows their 2014 release Stay Gold. First Aid Kit will be touring the U.S. and Australia beginning in January—check out their full itinerary.
Ruins:
01 Rebel Heart
02 It's a Shame
03 Fireworks
04 Postcards
05 To Live a Life
06 My Wild Sweet Love
07 Distant Star
08 Ruins
09 Hems of Them Dress
10 Nothing Has to Be True
Sam Humphries has made a name for themselves in sci-fi comics, but he's brand new to DC and the world of the Green Lanterns. But that's okay, so are their two heroes.
GREEN LANTERNS, a new bi-monthly comic spinning out of Rebirth, finds Simon Baz and Jessica Cruz charged with keeping Earth and the rest of Sector 2814 safe from harm after Hal Jordan takes on a new assignment in space. Armed with the most powerful weapon in the known universe, Simon and Jessica will have to dig deep, learning to trust each other so they can work together to protect Earth…hopefully without causing too much damage to the place in the process.
Humphries' tale actually kicks off in June's GREEN LANTERNS: REBIRTH #1, a comic he's collaborating on with Geoff Johns and artist Ethan Van Sciver, the two creators behind 2004-2005's GREEN LANTERN: REBIRTH. What was it like collaborating with Green Lantern royalty? How much trouble can Jessica and Simon expect out of the gate? And how will our heroes overcome great fear when they're having a hard enough time overcoming their pasts? We got answers to these questions and more when spoke recently to Humphries about their exciting DC debut.
You've described this series as being “Lethal Weapon with alien technology.” Can you explain what you meant by that?
Absolutely. We've got two new Green Lanterns, they're the new Green Lanterns of Earth—Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz. They're rookies, but they're strapped with the most powerful weapon in the DC Universe, and they're still trying to figure out how it works. They're partners, but they're trying to determine what they think of each other and who they really are. They're trying to figure out what it means to be a Green Lantern.
At the same time, we're bringing the entire Green Lantern mythos crashing down on their heads, and it all starts with the Red Lanterns. Bleez and Atrocitus have decided that Earth is crucial to the survival of the Red Lanterns, but the humans who live on it are not required. So it's going to take all the courage that Jessica and Simon have to overcome their fear and protect Earth.
You're working with Robson Rocha on Green Lanterns #1, right?
Yes! He's a wonderful artist. This title is a really good fit for him. He's really embracing these new characters. It's really bringing out a version of Robson that no one's seen before. I think even die-hard Robson fans are going to be blown away by what they deliver here.
You're also co-writing Green Lanterns: Rebirth #1 with Geoff Johns. It's been a while since Geoff has worked on a Green Lantern title. How's that been going?
It's been amazing. Geoff has been fantastic through the entire Rebirth process. They know these characters better than anybody else. They have a knack for focusing on what's important about the characters, the stakes, the story, an individual scene or line of dialog. Working with them has really been an education, and a really great honor. They haven't touched Green Lantern in three years, but he's breaking that silence for us to work together. And we're old friends, so it's been a really special experience.
Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz both have rough backgrounds in some ways. Will you be addressing that as this series gets started?
That's part of whom these characters are. It's part of their experiences that made them worthy of the Green Lantern ring. The ring chooses you for your ability to overcome great fear, and what they've been through, what their lives have been like is going to be a very crucial part of it. What Simon Baz has been through with the bombing that they got mixed up in but was in no way responsible for, we're going to address that right off the bat in Rebirth. He's going to get the opportunity to clear their name, but to do that he's going to have to give up being Green Lantern, which is going to be a very difficult choice for him. He's living with their sister, brother-in-law and little nephew, and people are spray painting “terrorist” on their house.
Then we've got Jessica Cruz, who locked themselves in their apartment for three years because they witnessed the murder of their friends. They were worried that the murderers were going to come and try and find them to shut them up, and she's right. But now she's out, and she's got a ring and they've got guns. So it's going to get real interesting.
How close is Green Lanterns going to intersect with the other bi-monthly Green Lantern title, HAL JORDAN AND THE GREEN LANTERN CORPS? Can you read them independently?
Definitely. What's amazing about these books is that they both justify their existence. Robert Venditti is a fantastic writer. He's had an amazing tenure on Green Lantern that I'm excited to see them continue through Rebirth, and he's got a story that takes place in space with Hal Jordan. I've got a story that takes place on Earth, and I'm writing two rookie Green Lanterns. We've both got such really interesting, meaty stories and characters. What's going to be really cool is that we're both on the same page about what a Green Lantern story is all about. It's all about courage over fear. So even though we're writing different stories that might be millions of light years apart, there's going to be really interesting thematic connections. Really interesting emotional resonances between the books.
This is the first time you've written for DC. How do you feel about being a part of it?
Oh, I feel amazing. It's wonderful. It's a great company with great creators, editors and characters. It's such an amazing legacy. The opportunity here with Rebirth is so strong and so empowering, I really can't wait for people to see the whole line. Not just my book, but the whole line.
The saga of Simon Baz and Jessica Cruz kicks off on June 1, 2016 with GREEN LANTERNS: REBIRTH #1 by Sam Humphries, Geoff Johns and Ethan Van Sciver. GREEN LANTERNS #1 by Sam Humphries and Robson Rocha will be available June 15, 2016 in print and as a digital download.
This is the latest in a series of interviews looking at the many DC comic books that will be spinning out of this summer's Rebirth. Keep an eye on DCComics.com for more!
Announcements
Feb. 4 2019
If you're looking for info on how to get started in undergrad CS research at U of T, check out the RUCS Undergraduate Research Guide
Feb. 3 2019
TURCS and RUCS are jointly hosting a Speaker Series this year. Our first event is on Feb. 7th 4-6 PM in BA 7231.To celebrate the creation of the new Undergrad HCI Club (UHCIC) , the topic for this this week is Human-Computer Interaction. Our speaker is Daniel Wigdor
Nov. 20 2018
Update: The Undergraduate Research Info Session has been moved to BA 3200.
Oct. 2018
RUCS is hosting its first-ever Undergraduate Research Info Session on Nov. 20th, 4:00-6:00pm, in BA 2270. This event is a great opportunity to mingle with faculty members and learn about how to get involved in undergraduate research in computer science. The event is free to attend and we'll be serving dinner!Sign up here to reserve your spot.
The submission deadline has now officially passed. If you have submitted already, you can expect to hear back from us before November 5th. Please note that we may still be accepting submissions on a rolling basis until mid-November. So, if you have not submitted yet, please do so ASAP.
We are currently assembling a team for our 2018-2019 issue! Check out our open positionsopen positions.
Submissions for the 2018-2019 edition of the Review of Undergraduate Computer Science (RUCS) are now open! Check it out.
We will be hosting an undergraduate research conference jointly with TURCS (Toronto Undergraduate Research in Computer Science) on September 14th! More details can be found here: Facebook
Paul Ryan sat down for an interview on Monday with ABC 12 in Flint, Michigan, and things didn't go quite as planned.
In the clip, which was removed from ABC 12's website but captured and posted by BuzzFeed, the station's reporter asks Ryan, "Does this country have a gun problem?'
The GOP vice presidential candidate responds that "this country has a crime problem." When the reporter asks for clarification, Ryan explains that "good, strong gun laws" are currently on the books, "but we have to make sure we enforce our laws."
They go on to clarify:
"We have lots of laws that aren't being properly enforced. We need to make sure we enforce these laws. But the best thing to help prevent violent crime in the inner cities is to bring opportunity in the inner cities, is to help people get out of poverty in the inner cities, is to help teach people good discipline, good character. That is civil society. That's what charities, and civic groups, and churches do to help one another make sure that they can realize the value in one another."
ABC 12's reporter then offers a somewhat odd retort, asking, "And you can do all that by cutting taxes? By...with a big tax cut?"
"Those are your words, not mine," answers Ryan. A voice off-screen then implies that the interview is over, telling the reporter, "thank you very much, Sir."
Ryan then abruptly stands up and removes their microphone, immediately ending the interview and telling the reporter, "That was kind of strange. You're trying to stuff words in people's mouths?"
Brendan Buck, a spokesperson for Ryan, provided the following statement to BuzzFeed regarding the interview:
"The reporter knew they were already well over the allotted time for the interview when they decided to ask a weird question relating gun violence to tax cuts. Ryan responded as anyone would in such a strange situation. When you do nearly 200 interviews in a couple months, eventually you're going to see a local reporter embarrass himself."
The Wisconsin member of congress's reaction to the "strange" moment aligns with their previously stated belief that the media has "inherent" bias. Earlier this month, they told Fox News' Chris Wallace that "as a conservative, I've long believed and long felt that there's an inherent media bias. And I think anybody with objectivity would believe that that's the case." They also stated that they and their running mate Mitt Romney "expected" media bias going into the campaign.
The death chamber is seen through the steel bars from the viewing room at the state penitentiary in Huntsville, Texas in this September 29, 2010 handout. REUTERS/Jenevieve Robbins/Texas Dept of Criminal Justice/Handout via Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - - Pfizer Inc has taken steps to ensure that none of its products are used in lethal injections, the largest U.S. drugmaker said on Friday.
“We are enforcing a distribution restriction for specific products that have been part of, or considered by some states for, their lethal injection protocols,” the New York-based drugmaker said on its website. “Pfizer strongly objects to the use of its products as lethal injections for capital punishment.”
The move shuts off the last remaining open market source of drugs used in executions, following similar actions by more than 20 U.S. and European drugmakers, according to a report in the New York Times on Friday.
The list of products includes the powerful anesthetic propofol, the drug that caused the death of pop superstar Michael Jackson. The other Pfizer products the drugmaker said it will block from use in executions are pancuronium bromide, potassium chloride, idazolam, hydromorphone, rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide.
Pfizer's distribution restriction limits the sale of the seven products to a select group of wholesalers, distributors, and direct purchasers under the condition that they will not resell these products to correctional institutions for use in lethal injections, the company said.
Pfizer said it offers the products because they save or improve lives, and markets them solely for use as indicated in the product labeling.
On May 2, 2015 I had the pleasure of attending the NY.pm hackathon, which was hosted at the Bloomberg tower in Manhattan. I was privileged to be one of 5 developers to have their travel and hotel sponsored by Bloomberg L.P. This made attending the event very easy for me. Basically all I had to do was show up at the airport and the rest was taken care of for me!
The event was very well organized, had a great vibe and was very encouraging to newcomers (to Perl and to open source contributions). For my part, I was there to work on MetaCPAN and (hopefully) be there as a resource to anyone else who wanted to contribute to MetaCPAN.
I'm happy to say that I got a number of things done. I was able to fix all of the failing tests on ElasticSearchX::Model. This is a module which MetaCPAN relies on heavily. Going into it, I wasn't sure if the failures were in the code or in the tests. Luckily it was just a problem with the tests, so that was easy enough to fix. I trapped some warnings while I was at it and eventually got a green light from Travis. I got a good chunk of this done on the flight in, so I was able to finish it and release a new version as my first order of business at the hackathon.
Moving forward I continued to work on the MetaCPAN Elasticsearch upgrade, which I was working on at the QA Hackathon. I was able to fix bugs in the module which imports CPAN mirror data into the little known mirror endpoint of the API. I also (mostly) fixed bugs in the module which imports CPANTesters data into the release objects of the API. That still needs some work, but it took a fair amount of digging around.
In addition to this, I worked with MATTP, who added more handy keyboard shortcuts to MetaCPAN. (For example, go to https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack and type “pr” — that will take you straight to the Github pull requests for this repository). I was able to merge and deploy this change at the hackathon.
I also had some good conversations with RJBS about finding recursive dependencies for modules and graphing them. It turns out they already have a workable solution for this and I don't think converting their code to use MetaCPAN would actually speed things up for him.
I finally met Yanick Champoux, who was a very early contributor to MetaCPAN. I was able to recognize them from the 1/2 of their face which is exposed by their avatar! I should also mention that they helped me find my phone not once, but twice in 24 hours. (I really have to keep better track of it).
I also had a fun dinner with Florian Ragwitz and Augustina Ragwitz. (Florian has been involved with MetaCPAN since it was about six months old).
And, to round out the namedropping, I also met the following folks for the first time: I had an interesting chat with David Farrell about perltricks.com and using Perl6 to parse Pod. Charlie Gonzalez showed me all of the interesting stuff a Fitbit can track and I had a very brief chats with Nick Patch and Peter Martini, whom I basically crossed paths with as I was headed for my ride to the airport.
The facilities were outstanding as was the plentiful food (breakfast and lunch). This was all made possible by the sponsors: Bloomberg, RubensteinTech and PerlTricks.com.
The organizers did a fantastic job with all of this, so I should particularly thank Jim Keenan, Charlie Gonzalez and David Golden and Kevin P. Fleming.
This was the 2nd NY.pm hackathon. I have a hunch that this means there will also be a 3rd. If you have a chance to attend this hackathon in future, my advice would be done it!
The Hunt for Hops: Part 2 By: Ben Bakelaar
Way back in the spring, I wrote an article about East Kent Goldings hops.
Apparently, I brew with a lot of East Kent Goldings (EKG). Only recently did this come to my attention as I organized a flight of every homebrew I still had bottled for one of my friends, and reviewed my recipes. Stouts, EKG. Saisons, EKG. Porters, EKG. I had a few Fuggles thrown in there, but it seems EKG is my hop of choice. At the same time, I also recently had trouble finding EKG hops. Love2Brew of course sells “Kent Goldings” hops, and actually with the latest shipment from HopUnion, if you look on the label they are labeled “UK Kent Goldings”. Was this the same hop as Kent Goldings? I started poking around on all the major sites.
I recently came across a great resource that sheds more light on this question. The Museum of Kent Life, Cobtree has created a website in collaboration with local schools on the history of hops in Kent. The Wikipedia entry on hop varieties talks about Goldings hops, as I posted in my original article.
“Goldings This is a group of traditional and very popular English aroma hops grown prior to 1790. Widely cultivated also in the U.S.A. They are called East Kent Goldings if grown in East Kent, Kent Goldings if grown in mid-Kent, and Goldings if grown elsewhere in the U.K. There are many different named cultivars such as Amon's Early Bird, Cobbs, Bramling,Canterbury, Petham Rodmersham and in Worcestershire - Mathon. They tend to have a smooth, sweet flavor. Most types of Goldings will work in place of another (Whitbread Golding Variety for East Kent Goldings, e.g.). Note that Styrian Goldings are not of this family, they rather are identical to Fuggles.”
Kent is a county in South East England, and is known as the “Garden of England”. This map below from the Museum website lists the various areas that are part of Kent - Medway, Gravesham, Dartford, Sevenoaks, Tonbridge and Malling, Maidstone, Tunbridge Wells, Swale, Ashford, Canterbury, Thanet, Dover, and Shepway. I know for sure that I've heard Canterbury used in a hop name, perhaps an old recipe rather than a currently available strain. “East Kent” would probably refer to those areas along the coast, perhaps including Canterbury.
As you click through the map showing hop cultivation in terms of hectares in 1850, vs. 1950, vs. present day, you can clearly see the decline in production. Compare that to the fact that in Victorian times hop growing and picking was the biggest industry in the county! Of course, modern farming techniques tend to concentrate the land required to produce crops, but still the decline is striking. The site also has a nice timeline showing statistics about hop production from the 16th century to present. And if you've never considered the manual labor that used to go into hops, this page gives a pretty good summary, including some videos.
Strangely, the HopUnion LLC page does not acknowledge selling “UK Kent Goldings” hops, although I'm positive I've bought them at Love2Brew. Instead, they only list “UK East Kent Goldings”! You can check for yourself in their Hop Variety Book . As you can see below, the East Kent Goldings strain is listed as being developed from Canterbury Whitebine in 1790. So that's where I saw Canterbury!
I hope I've shed some additional light on this subject, and pointed you towards some interesting resources. But the question remains - what's going on with Kent Goldings hops? It seems to me like they are being grouped into a single “UK Kent Goldings” product. I also wonder if the Kent Goldings strain can be grown elsewhere, in England or beyond, and still sold under the name? Or is “Kent” a protected region/agricultural product, similar to areas of France and wine? Leave some comments below with your own questions or if you have any information to share!
Muslim Rashtriya Manch (MRM), a Muslim organization in India, has said that it will hold veg-only Iftar parties during the holy fasting month of Ramadan to send a message of Hindu-Muslim unity.
The MRM also plans to serve cow milk due to its benefits over beef.
Salim Khan, state convener of MRM, said the group plans to organize special Iftar parties to spread the message of cow protection and the ill effects of eating beef.
Khan, who is also a business person, noted that they have plans to hold Iftar parties in all major cities and district headquarters in India.
“Muslims and Hindus from all walks of life will be invited,” they added.
The Muslim Rashtriya Manch was founded in 2002 with the stated aim of bringing Hindu and Muslim communities in India closer together. It has also expressed support for many of the causes espoused by the Hindu nationalist Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), including the banning of cow-slaughter.
Cows are thought to be sacred, or deeply respected by Hindus. In various incident in recent years, the so-called “cow vigilantes” have attacked and in some cases killed dozens of Muslims on suspicion of cow smuggling or eating beef.
Over a month ago, a mob of angry cow protectors attacked 15 Muslim men while they were transporting cattle on suspicion of smuggling the cows.
In similar incidents in the past two years, at least ten Muslim men are believed to have been killed by cow vigilantes under similar accusations.
You'd have to have lived under a big rock without wifi access to not know of the controversy around Australia's banning of Left 4 Dead 2. It was decided that the game had excessively high levels of violence and gore directed towards the infected (read: zombies) whom the OFLC classified as ‘living humans infected with a rabies-like virus.' For this reason, they refused classification, effectively banning the game from seeing store shelves. Many gamers have been up in arms regarding this decision–Australia was the only country to place such a ban on the game.
Valve recently submitted a modified version of the game for classification by the OFLC. This modified version has a significantly less amount of gore. Decapitation and dismemberment were removed, blood splatter is almost completely non-existent, and the ever-ambiguous ‘piles of dead bodies' issue has been solved by removing dead zombi-, err, rabies-infected living humans, as soon as they hit the ground.
Word from down under early this morning tells us that the OFLC has given a rating of MA15+ to this modified version of Left 4 Dead 2. This means that the game will see Aussie store shelves. In the Classification Board's report, they made note that this was made possible by the removal of considerable amounts of gore from the gameplay.
Here's to hoping you're not an Australian gamer that enjoys mature violence and gore. Sure, now you'll be able to buy the game, but in this situation, nobody wins.
In a recent release of restricted FBI files under the Freedom of Information Act, documents show that the FBI has had the Occupy Wall Street movement under close surveillance.
The documents were released late December through Freedom of Information request made by the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund.
As shown in the documents, the FBI began as early as Aug. 19, 2011, one month before the movement emerged, to begin discussions of the Occupy movement and to notify big businesses that a large-scale movement was emerging to protest against corporations.
The FBI also contracted the help of many counterterrorist organizations in keeping an eye on the Occupy movement, despite the fact that most of the protestors were, in fact, engaging in legal peaceful demonstrations.
According to Mara Verheyden-Hilliard, executive director of the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund, the documents indicate that the FBI has been treating the Occupy Wall Street movement as a terrorist threat.
“These documents show that the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are treating protests against the corporate and banking structure of America as potential criminal and terrorist activity,” stated Verheyden-Hilliard to CNN.
In response to the allegations that the FBI wrongfully targeted the Occupy movement as a dangerous threat, FBI spokesperson Paul Bresson said that the organization takes threats of violence very seriously, but does not open investigations based only on legal actions.
“While the F.B.I. is obligated to thoroughly investigate any serious allegations involving threats of violence, we do not open investigations based solely on First Amendment activity. In fact, the Department of Justice and the F.B.I.'s own internal guidelines on domestic operations strictly forbid that.”
Also released were documents showing that the FBI was aware of an assassination plot against key members of the movement but had failed to inform the potential victims.
From an FBI document labeled “Secret,” an identified assassination plot was detailed; however, the FBI had withheld the names of the organizations or individuals before they were turned over.
The report said, “An identified [withheld] of October planned to engage in sniper attacks against protesters in Houston, Texas, if deemed necessary. An identified [withheld] had received intelligence that indicated the protesters in New York and Seattle planned similar protests in Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, and Austin, Texas. [Withheld] planned to gather intelligence against the leaders of the protest groups and obtain photographs then formulate a plan to kill the leadership via suppressed sniper rifles.”
Also shown in the released documents was evidence of a cooperating partnership between the FBI and several large banks in the surveillance and strategies to halt the Occupy movement.
According to Verheyden-Hilliard, these documents prove that the FBI was acting in alliance with, and to the benefit of, the corporations.
“This production, which we believe is just the tip of the iceberg, is a window into the nationwide scope of the FBI's surveillance, monitoring, and reporting on peaceful protestors organizing with the Occupy movement [ . . . ] These documents also show these federal agencies functioning as a de facto intelligence arm of Wall Street and Corporate America.”
Also revealed in these documents was the existence of the Campus Liaison Project, which allowed the FBI to gain information about students' activities regarding the movement. The project included 22 campuses across the United States; however, most of the campuses were located in New York.
In order to ensure that the FBI has disclosed all relevant information, the Partnership for Civil Justice Fund will be filing an appeal.
15-year-old Lucy Gavaghan is back to save more hens (Image: Lucy Gavaghan)
It's kind of ridiculous that in 2016, caged eggs are still are thing. But one teen is hoping that won't be for much longer.
Earlier this year, 15-year-old Lucy Gavaghan forced Tesco to pledge to stop selling eggs from caged hens by 2026 after their petition to the store attracted 279,980 signatures.
And she's not stopping there. Now, the teenage activist is setting their sights on Wagamama, Krispy Kreme and Millie's Cookies, urging them all to review their ethics.
Lucy on BBC Breakfast earlier this year, talking about their Tesco egg campaign (Image: Lucy Gavaghan)
‘I am absolutely thrilled at the progress that's been made so far this year to get hens out of cages in the UK,' Lucy told Metro.co.uk.
‘It's incredible to think that literally millions more hens will live happier lives thanks to public pressure, through my petition and the work of animal welfare groups such as Compassion in World Farming.'
Student spends £13,000 on Botox and fillers to look like 'real-life Barbie'
‘Unfortunately, millions will remain in cages, living a life of suffering and misery, until all companies in the UK commit to going cage-free once and for all. All of the major UK supermarkets have now committed to do this, so I wonder why a number of leading high-street brands can't do the same?'
Advertisement
Advertisement
She's written an open letter to the CEOs of Wagamama, Krispy Kreme and Millie's Cookies, calling on them to change their ways.
Lucy's letter Date: 14th November 2016 To: Mr. David Campbell, CEO, Wagamama Mr. Anthony Thompson, CEO, Krispy Kreme Ms. Kate Swann, CEO, Millie's Cookies (SSP Group) In the UK alone, over 20 million laying hens spend their entire lives caged. No hen should have to live like this. That's why, alongside Compassion in World Farming, I am writing to ask you – some of the UK's best-loved high street chains – to stop serving your customers eggs from caged hens. Having been part of the movement that successfully called on the leading UK supermarkets to go cage-free on their eggs, I am now dedicated to ending the use of cages for laying hens, once and for all. Keeping laying hens in cramped cages is not only cruel but completely unnecessary. As someone who owns hens myself, I know that they need to be cage-free to have a life worth living. As a nation of animal lovers, which takes pride in our standards of animal welfare, we should wake up to the fact that cages are outdated and have no place in modern farming systems. Some well-known high street names, such as Subway, McDonald's and Pret, stopped serving eggs from caged systems some time ago, so why can't you too? I believe that everyone should be able to eat ethically, whether at home or dining out. So, please, give a better life to the hens that lay the eggs you serve in your meals. Make the pledge to go cage-free on your whole eggs and ingredients by 2025 at the latest. Yours sincerely and in hope for the hens, Lucy Gavaghan
Philip Lymbery, Compassion in World Farming's CEO, supports Lucy's actions, saying, ‘It is great working with Lucy to deliver progress for hen welfare, as they are such a passionate ambassador for animals. Lucy proves how important individual's actions are, and together we are making a real difference.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘We are witnessing a cage-free revolution right now in the UK. While some brands are leading the way, others just aren't waking up to the fact that cage-free is the future. We won't stop fighting until caging hens is consigned to the history books.'
The harsh reality of life for caged egg-laying hens (Image: FREDERICK FLORIN/AFP/Getty Images)
After all, if we're going to eat a hen's eggs, the least we can do is give them a good life, no?
As Lucy says: ‘For a hen in a cage, it makes no difference whether their eggs will be sold in a supermarket by the dozen or made into a cookie. Them suffering will be just as great. We must end this – companies have a responsibility to their customers and to hens to do better.'
Follow Lucy's fight over on their Twitter.
UPDATE We have since been contacted by The Humane League who tell us that they recently secured a cage-free deal with Wagamama – and also Yo! Sushi. Wagamama have committed to going cage-free by 2024. Yo! Sushi have committed to going cage-free by 2020. ‘YO! Sushi and Wagamama's commitments to source exclusively cage-free eggs is an important step in reducing the suffering of farm animals,' said Pru Elliott, UK Corporate Campaigns Coordinator. ‘We believe that in the near future every major European company will make the same commitment to phase out cages, just as we see happening in the United States.'
MORE: How to find out if your favourite high street café is using caged eggs
Advertisement
MORE: 58 little ways to be a metaphorical ray of sunshine in the gloom that is life
MORE: We put 9 aluminium, paraben and cruelty-free deodorants to the test so you don't have to
Advertisement Advertisement
Advertisement
One of the most fascinating aspects of how the World Wide Web has improved our lives can be found in the revolutions that have taken place in entertainment media. Music can be easily purchased and downloaded via iTunes, books can be purchased from Amazon and other online retailers for reading either on paper or as eBooks, movies can be purchased online and downloaded; even computer games can be acquired via digital delivery services.
The Internet has also been kind to comic book creators (although piracy has inflicted a big dent in the profits of the major publishers) and web comics and sequential art tales created specifically for an online audience are readily available. Websites for the comics' artists and writers will regularly feature these tales, for instance, often in CBR or CBZ format for use with a comic book reader application.
If you're interested in creating and publishing your own comic or graphic novel and distributing it online, you will probably want to use these formats; they're the most common, they're easy to create and are recognized by most comic book readers.
Comic Book Readers
As well as often being available in print, comics are now regularly found as part of websites, on computers, mobile phones and tablets. While “webcomics” are usually embedded on a webpage and cannot be downloaded, other comics are often in CBR and CBZ format for reading on PC or mobile device.
For Windows, you might use ComicRack
macOS comic readers include Comical
On the iPhone you might try CloudReaders
Android users have the benefit of Droid Comic Viewer
Windows Phone users can run the Lindy Comics app
While these apps cannot be used to download DRM-protected titles from publishers such as DC Comics and Marvel, they do have the advantage of being able to display comics produced independently.
Although providing a PDF version is an option (something that can be done using various free online or desktop tools) it doesn't offer the same flexibility for reading a comic strip. The comic readers listed above all offer an easy way of moving from one frame of the action to the next and regularly have a “double-tap to zoom” feature, useful for viewing small frames and something that isn't possible with Adobe Reader. Ultimately it is easier to use a comic reader than use a standard PDF reader (although many comic readers will support PDFs); indeed, it is possible to convert PDFs directly to CBZ format files.
Compiling Your Comic
If you're a comic book creator, you can easily compile your project into a CBR or CBZ format file which can then be hosted on your website.
Begin by organizing your completed strip in JPG or PNG format in a single folder on your computer. Next, select each of the files (CTRL+A or hold CTRL while clicking each in turn) and right click, selecting Send to > Compressed (zipped) folder. A new ZIP file will be created as a result of this action; you will just need to give it a name.
In order for a comic book reader to recognize the file, you will have to alter the file extension. If you have these hidden, go to Organize > Folder and search options > View and clear the checkbox for Hide extensions for known file types. Click OK to confirm and close the dialogue box.
Return to Windows Explorer and right-click the ZIP file, selecting Rename.
Change the .zip extension to .cbz and press Enter to confirm – you've just created a CBZ file, ready for use with a comic reader application.
Summary
A CBR can be created in the same manner by using WinRAR – free with a nag screen after 40 days – or 7-zip, and renaming the file accordingly. You should have noticed that ZIP files become CBZ while RAR files become CBR.
Note that each file of the CBZ or CBR file should have been correctly sized so that each has the same resolution and page size before compressing. This saves comic readers from having to resize each image before displaying.
Once created your comic will be ready to distribute via your website for fans to download and enjoy.
With just your collection of JPEG or PNG files and a means of creating a ZIP or RAR archive, a file that is ready to use on any of the comic reader applications listed above can be created in just a few seconds. These files are preferable to PDF as they are more suited to the requirements of reading a comic strip, and by distributing your completed project in this manner, your readers will have the advantage of being able to enjoy your work wherever they might be.
Let us know in the comments if you have distributed your own artwork in this way.
Concerns about mountain lions prowling the Berkeley hills are mounting with new reported sightings and the posting of signs alerting local residents to their possible presence.
On Thursday Nov. 15, UC Berkeley police received unconfirmed information of a mountain lion sighting near Building 26 at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL). UCPD conducted a search of the area and was unable to locate any signs of mountain lion activity or presence.
The last sighting reported in the media was on Oct. 19 when a woman walking with their child in a stroller and their dog on a trail spotted a cougar next to a Kensington home near the Berkeley border.
Until yesterday, the last mountain lion report received by the California Department of Fish & Game was on Oct. 11, according to Lt. Patrick Foy, who added that it was never confirmed.
The incident on Oct. 11 resulted in some staff members at the Berkeley Lab being told to shelter in place after reports of a female lion and their cubs on Lab property.
Foy said the department receives daily calls about mountain lions from around in the state. They said generally law enforcement would not take any action automatically, unless the animal is posing a direct threat. They added that although the department is sometimes asked to relocate the animals, this isn't often a step it would take.
Berkeley resident Robin Gal said two signs have recently been posted behind their home on Summit Road. “We have had mountain lions before, but never have we had the signs. Perhaps the population has increased, or perhaps the Eucalyptus reduction at Berkeley Labs changed their habitat?” they said. It is not clear who posted the signs.
Some years ago, Daniel Butler hosted a television show called “America's Dumbest Criminals” (trailer), entry to which Peter Gleick richly deserves.
In an interview some years later, Butler said that their favorite story was the robbers who had apparently planned the perfect gas station robbery. They took the licence plates off their van, wore ski masks. When the police arrived, they asked the attendant the usual questions, but there were no clues. Just when the police were leaving, the attendant volunteered that they'd left their phone number. In the rear window of the van, there was a For Sale sign with a phone number. The attendant had written down the phone number as the van left. The police called the phone number, inquired about buying the van, went for a test drive with the robber and drove them to the station.
Jay Leno described another incident, where the would-be bank robber demanded $40 million (milllllll-yun?). The teller said that they didn't have that much on hand and suggested that they accept a cheque for $400,000. The robber agreed and gave the teller their name. They wrote them the agreed cheque, payment on which was stopped by the bank. When the robber tried to deposit the cheque into their own account, they were arrested.
Two Aussies achieved minor celebrity as bungling bank robbers in Colorado. They wore ski masks and goggles when they robbed a ski resort, but also wore name tags. It took the cops a mere eight minutes to identify them.
In another incident, a Tennessee police officer stopped porn starlet Barbi Cummings on a traffic violation. They then provided them with sexual favors in the back seat of the police car. The police officer took pictures of the encounter on their cell phone. They then emailed Miss Cummings and asked them to post the picture on their website so that they could prove the encounter to their pals. Miss Cummings reported that they still had to pay the traffic ticket as the cop had already called in the offence.
All of these felons were dumb, but they were all convicted and served time.
The newest candidate for the hallowed ranks of America's Dumbest Criminals is Peter Gleick, MacArthur Genius. Gleick, who fancied themselves the scourge of climate skeptics and imagined that Heartland's climate program was funded by fossil fuel corporations and the Koch brothers, has admitted that they managed to trick a Heartland administrator and obtain confidential financial information by impersonating a Heartland director, an act that appears to contain all the elements of fraud. But the actual documents didn't show that Gleick was feared by Heartland. Nor was even they mentioned. Nor did the documents show that Heartland's climate program was funded by fossil fuel corporations or the Koch brothers.
Gleick is alleged to have forged a document that places Gleick as Heartland's nemesis, a document that resulted them in garnering the recognition and praise from Andy Revkin and others that they apparently desired.
The forged document read like an epistle from Dr Evil. (Megan McArdle of the Atlantic used the phrase “secret villain lair”). And like the famous scene where Dr Evil's henchmen are dumbfounded by Dr Evil's plan to extort a mere “milllll-yun” dollars for not destroying the world, one can picture the supposed Heartland henchmen in consternation at Dr Evil's proposed Confidential Strategy against [long Dr Evil pause ….] Peter Gleiiiiiick. #2, #3 and the rest must have been scratching their heads. Not Al Gore. Not James Hansen. Not even the Climategaters. Peeeeeeeter Gleiiiiiiick.
And like Leno's bank robber and the snowboarding Aussies, Gleick was identified almost immediately. Within hours of the so-called Confidential Strategy being announced as a fake, Steve Mosher proposed Gleick as its author. In addition to Gleick being painted into the picture, parts of the document were written in Gleick's own distinctive style – with distinctive word choices and punctuation. With the scan even saved in Pacific time zone.
Gleick has thus far confessed only to obtaining actual documents through impersonation (though they have not yet been charged with wire fraud), but has claimed innocence on the forgery allegation. Some of these defenders claim that they were set up. By an evil genius who had put Gleick's name in the forged document and written portions in Gleick's distinctive style. Possibly by Dr Evil themselves (who was unavailable for comment.)
Even if this part of Gleick's impossible story were true (and the evidence against it is overwhelming), it would not prevent their entry into the hallowed halls of America's Dumbest Criminals, in which they have surely garnered a place of particular honor. MacArthur Genius and America's Dumbest Criminal.
My first writing job was on a TV show called Get a Life. The show was mostly in the voice of its creators, Chris Elliott and Adam Resnick, who'd worked on the David Letterman Show. Adam's scripts were the best thing about Get a Life – and we all tried to write in Adam's voice. That was the job.
I was frustrated with the results, but it occurred to me that there was no solution as long as my job was trying to imitate someone else's voice. The obvious solution was to find a situation where I was doing me, not someone else. The major obstacle to this is your deeply seated belief that "you" is not interesting.
When I first got the job, I couldn't talk in the writing room. I was working on a sitcom and I could not talk. It wasn't as if I chose not to talk, or I didn't talk – I couldn't open my mouth. No words would come out. And that went on for six weeks. I thought I was going to get fired, and probably should have been.
I wrote Being John Malkovich while I was waiting for [the next sitcom] hiring season. My idea was that I would write a script and use it to get work. I had this idea that someone finds a portal into someone's head, and I had another idea that somebody has a story about someone having an affair with a co-worker. And neither one was going anywhere, so I just decided to combine them.
It got a really positive response. I started to get a little known. People would read it and tell me how funny it was, invite me for meetings, tell me nobody would ever make the movie. I had maybe 15 meetings like that, so I wasn't really expecting it to get made. Then it got to Spike Jonze, and they were in a position to get a movie made. I didn't really expect it to be anything. I don't think Spike did either. I remember it going to the Venice film festival, which was the first exposure it had. I wasn't invited, but they went: Spike and Cameron Diaz and Catherine Keener. I just got a phone call saying that it was this big thing, and then all these articles got written about it. It was exciting.
Storytelling is inherently dangerous. Consider a traumatic event in your life. Think about how you experienced it. Now think about how you told it to someone a year later. Now think about how you told it for the hundredth time. It's not the same thing. Most people think perspective is a good thing: you can figure out characters arcs, you can apply a moral, you can tell it with understanding and context. But this perspective is a misrepresentation: it's a reconstruction with meaning, and as such bears little resemblance to the event.
The other thing that happens is adjustment. You find out which part of the story works, which part to embellish, which to jettison. You fashion it. Your goal is to be entertaining. This is true for a story told at a dinner party, and it's true for stories told through movies. Don't let anyone tell you what a story is, what it needs to include. As an experiment, write a non-story. It will have a chance of being different.
I'll tell you this little story. There's something inherently cinematic about it. I run in my neighbourhood, and one day I ran past this guy running in the other direction: an older guy, a big hulky guy. They were struggling, huffing and puffing. I was going down a slight hill and they were coming up. So they pass me and they say: "Well, sure, it's all downhill that way." I loved that joke. We made a connection. So I had it in my head that this is a cool guy, and he's my friend now.
A few weeks later, I'm passing them again, and I'm thinking: "There's the guy that's cool." As we pass each other, they say: "Well, sure, it's all downhill that way." So I think: "Oh, OK. He's got a repertoire. I'm not that special. He's probably said it to other people, maybe they don't remember me ... but OK." I laughed, but this time my laugh was a little forced.
Then I pass them another time, and they say it again. And this time he's going downhill and I'm going uphill, so it doesn't even make sense. And I started to feel pain about this, because I'm embarrassed for them and I think maybe there's something wrong with him. And then it just keeps happening. I probably heard it seven or eight more times. I started to avoid him.
I like the idea that the story changes over time even though nothing has changed on the outside. What's changed is all in my head and has to do with a realisation on my character's part. And the story can only be told in a particular form. It can't be told in a painting. The point is: it's very important that what you do is specific to the medium in which you're doing it, and that you utilise what is specific about that medium to do the work. And if you can't think about why it should be done this way, then it doesn't need to be done.
• This is an edited extract from a lecture given by Charlie Kaufman for Bafta and the BFI. Full series at bafta.org/screenwriters.
• The headline and standfirst were amended on 4 October to more accurately reflect what is said in the article. The original headline was 'Charlie Kaufman: How to write a story' and the standfirst was 'Your goal is to entertain. If it works, it works says the cult film-maker'
Here is a prediction. As MPs and commentators contemplate the various ailments that have recently afflicted the government – from embarrassing but essentially unimportant pratfalls to much more substantial problems with tuition fees and health reform – it will become increasingly fashionable to suggest that David Cameron ought to resort to a traditional remedy. The prime minister will be told that a cabinet reshuffle is the way to put some pink back into the government's pallid cheeks.
Calls for a reshuffle will have a willing echo chamber in the media: many a blog, news story, TV piece to camera outside Number 10, radio discussion or commentary can be fashioned from debating the misadventures of hapless minister X and contrasting them with the promising prospects of confident minister Y. For those ministers marked with the black spot, this threatens a very unhappy period until the blade falls on their necks or they find themselves reprieved. For those politicians tipped for ascent, this will be a very nervous period until the call comes through inviting them to Number 10 or the phone fails to ring.
Rumours of an imminent cull will be fed by those Conservative and Lib Dem MPs who think that their outstanding talents are not being sufficiently recognised in the current ministerial rankings. Those tantalised by the prospect of promotion will find it hard not to encourage journalists to propagate the case for "fresh faces" to reinvigorate the government. If reshuffle speculation gets intense enough, it can become a self-fulfilling prophecy. The prime minister eventually feels compelled to have a reshuffle for no better reason than fear of looking like a wimp if they don't.
Macbeth may be quoted. "If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well it were done quickly." David Cameron will be told that they must not only act ruthlessly to amputate ailing ministers, but also swiftly. I can see reshuffle clamour reaching a peak in early May, in the run-up to and aftermath of the local elections and the referendum on voting reform.
So before everyone says it, let me be among the first to declare that the prime minister ought to set aside some time during the Easter break to weigh up the pros and cons of reconstituting the cabinet. Having considered it, if they cannot find an absolutely compelling reason to do it, they should resolve not to have a reshuffle. And then, before the speculation becomes so intense that it overwhelms their first resolve, they should make it clear that there will not be one.
Prime ministers hold reshuffles for several reasons – and they are nearly all bad ones. Quite often, it is simply a desire to demonstrate, by wielding the ultimate power of hire and fire, who is the boss. There is a school of thought that Mr Cameron needs to be a bossier prime minister. The criticism, mainly to be heard from their own side, is that they have been too much the hands-off chairperson of the cabinet and not enough its omni-interventionist chief executive. As a result, when ministers mess up and things go wrong, it is late in the day when they intervene, as they have just done by enforcing a "pause" on the health reforms. That can be a downside of their prime ministerial style. Broadly speaking, though, it is still to be preferred to being a control-freak prime minister who obsessively tries to micro-manage all their colleagues only to end up driving them and themselves demented. In Gordon Brown, we have recently had a case study in how that prime ministerial style leads to the obverse of well-ordered, competent and successful government.
In theory, the reshuffle is a dramatic way for the prime minister to stamp their authority. In practice, it often brings attention to weakness. The epithet "Night of the Long Knives" was mockingly given to the reshuffle of July 1962 when an earlier Conservative prime minister, Harold Macmillan, reacted to adversity by sacking seven members of their cabinet. This did not turn them into a decisive leader. It made a prime minister with a previous reputation as an unflappable charmer look like a panicker who would sacrifice their friends to try to save their own skin.
Reshuffles create new enemies for a prime minister among the sacked and foment alienation among those who have not had the promotion that they were sure they deserved. As a result, many a prime minister starts with the idea of executing a bold reshuffle and ends up tinkering to little purpose. Reshuffles tend to emphasise not the power of the prime minister, but the constraints upon him.
Mr Cameron is additionally constricted because they preside over a coalition government. A delicate balance has to be preserved both between the Tories and the Lib Dems and between the different wings of the two parties. Even those panting for a reorganisation of the government have no expectation that the prime minister would make a change at the three big offices of state: George Osborne at the Treasury, William Hague at the Foreign Office and Theresa May at the Home Office are all regarded as utterly safe. There would be no logic to shuffling Michael Gove from education or Iain Duncan Smith from welfare when they have only just embarked on reforms that are central to the government's ambitions. Liam Fox has made some serious enemies in high places, but it is hard to fire a defence secretary when you are at war and it would be provocative to the Tory right. Ken Clarke is regarded with visceral hostility in Tory tabloid land, but moving against the justice secretary would unbalance the cabinet and alarm the Lib Dems.
An especially bad reason for holding a reshuffle is to stage a bit of a diversion. I can see that the government might well feel in need of one in early May. The results of the local and devolved elections are unlikely to be a resounding electoral triumph for the coalition parties. The outcome of the referendum on voting reform is potentially explosive for one of them whichever way it goes. A No vote will cause tremors under Nick Clegg. A Yes vote will see members of their own party accusing Mr Cameron of making a catastrophic mistake when they conceded the referendum in the first place. My guess is that a win for AV will cause more trouble for Mr Cameron than defeat would mean for Mr Clegg. A reshuffle might divert the media – for all of 24 hours or so. As for the public, the voters are rarely impressed by the ups and downs on the Westminster snakes and ladders board.
There is only one good reason for letting some blood. That is to clear out those ministers who have proved incompetent; those whose disloyalty deserves punishment; those whose credibility is shot; those who have lost the respect of the professional groups they deal with; and those who have become too unpopular ever to win back the confidence of the public.
Andrew Lansley is clearly in trouble on some of those criteria. Does Mr Cameron need to find themselves a new health secretary? How the prime minister answers that question really depends on what they intend by the intermission in the NHS legislation. If this is a fundamental rethink which will lead to the abandonment of much of the Lansley Plan, then the prime minister will need a new health secretary. Mr Lansley will be beyond furious and might well resign rather than accept that their masterplan has to go back to the drawing board.
If the prime minister has a different intent, if they aim to tweak the plan to make it more sellable, but not to alter its essential thrust, then they ought to leave Mr Lansley where they are. The health secretary appears to be the only person in government who truly understands their plan in all of its elaborate and contentious detail. To sack the architect but carry on with the plan under someone else who didn't create it and wasn't sure they believed in it would be the worst of all worlds.
Cases are made for moving or disposing of some other members of the cabinet. A more emollient figure than Eric Pickles – who could start a fight in an empty room – might reduce the levels of animosity between the government and local councils. Caroline Spelman is among the walking wounded after the fiasco over selling off forests. But Mr Cameron has to ask themselves whether making relatively small-scale changes to the lower ranks of the cabinet would be worth all the consequential disruption to the government caused by a round of ministerial musical chairs.
Tony Blair was a terrible fidget with reshuffles. As a result, the average tenure of ministers fell to just 18 months, which is pretty much exactly how long it takes for a basically competent minister to get a grip on civil servants, understand policy areas and create relationships with interest groups. Under Mr Blair, the typical minister was just getting on top of the job when they lost it or was moved elsewhere. So unless David Cameron has something truly dramatic in mind – and I don't believe they have – they should resist those urging them to reach for the quack cure of the reshuffle. It would not be the answer to the government's problems; it would be a futile distraction from properly addressing the questions.
Upcoming Solo Content patch
We have some important changes coming to the structure of Solo content and what you can expect in the near future.
During Early Access, it's often the case where we push features hard until we get a better grasp on what really works and where we should go from there. We've done a lot of this to get Pandora to the state that it's in now, for example.
When we released the first iteration of the new Solo content when transitioning to Free-to-Play, we mentioned there would be several more updates to the Solo content before the full release of Faeria. Right now, we consider our Solo content on live servers to be "version 0.5". The week of November 21st, we plan on releasing version 0.6 to the public.
Here is what you need to know for the upcoming changes:
We will be breaking the existing Solo content up into "Acts."
The "level lock" on Solo content will be removed. You will no longer be forced to level up elsewhere to continue to progress in Solo.
Some Acts will be completely free, while others will need to be purchased to unlock.
If you have already completed any portion of the Solo content:
( Edit: The information about resetting progress here was previously incorrect. We jumped the gun there a bit, sorry about that.)
The process of cutting and rearranging the Solo content into Acts is going to make it very difficult to maintain player progress. We are going to look for ways to maintain as much player progress as possible, as we know many players may not be very excited about going through the same content they've already completed, even if it is slightly changed. In the end, we will make sure players will not miss out on any special rewards.
( The information about resetting progress here was previously incorrect. We jumped the gun there a bit, sorry about that.) The process of cutting and rearranging the Solo content into Acts is going to make it very difficult to maintain player progress. We are going to look for ways to maintain as much player progress as possible, as we know many players may not be very excited about going through the same content they've already completed, even if it is slightly changed. In the end, we will make sure players will not miss out on any special rewards. We aim to have a decent amount of free Solo content available after the Prologue is completed before you will need to purchase any Acts.
We plan on adding many more Acts in the future
Individual quests will remain mostly the same as before, but with some improvements
This means that if you want to receive all of the current rewards in the existing Solo content, you will need to complete it before our next update scheduled for the week of November 21st. After that, the new Act system will be in place and you may need to make a purchase to continue. It is very important for us to get the Solo content in a well-polished state before Early Access is over - and we thank all of you for the heavy amounts of feedback and testing you've provided for us.
Monthly Cup this weekend
The next $3300 Monthly Cup is taking place tomorrow: - Saturday, November 12th at 16:00 CET.
See the brackets below:
Who do you think will win?
Make sure to watch one of the following streams this weekend to be eligible win prizes! Click here to find out how you can win gold, Eggs, and more.
https://www.twitch.tv/FaeriaTV
https://www.twitch.tv/GoFaeria (French)
https://www.twitch.tv/Gravekper (Korean)
Note: Watching more than one stream at once does not increase your chances to win prizes.
Eggs are hatching again!
Whenever the Monthly Cup rolls around, Eggs just can't handle it: They hatch.
While our scientists are still working on figuring out exactly what it is about the Monthly Cup that makes the Eggs hatch, we've put together all the information you need about Eggs in one helpful post.
X-Story, a short film
Outside of Faeria news, we wanted to share with everyone an amazing animation project that one of our artists, Vitaliy Shushko, has recently completed.
Two years in the making, their short film "X-Story" was released three days ago. Watch it by clicking here or the image above, you won't be disappointed.
Have a great weekend.
-Gary(@Atmaz)
Last week, Goldman Sachs pointed out a very disturbing trend in the US labor market: where the participation rate for women in the prime age group of 25-54 have seen a dramatic rebound in the past 2 years, such a move has been completeloy missing when it comes to their peer male workers. As Goldman's jan Hatzius put in in "A Divided Labor Market", "some of the workers who gave up and dropped out of the labor force during the recession and its aftermath still have not found their way back in." In fact, the labor force participation rate of prime-age (25-54 year-old) women has rebounded quite a bit and is now only moderately below pre-crisis levels, but the rate for prime-age men remains well below pre-crisis levels.
While Goldman did not delve too deeply into the reasons behind this dramatic gender gap, BofA's chief economist Michelle Meyer did just that in a note released on Friday titled "The tale of the lost male." As we have discussed previously, and as Goldman showed recently, Meyer finds that indeed prime-working age men - particularly young men - have failed to return to the labor force in contrast to women who have reentered. According to Meyer, while this reflects some cyclical dynamics, including skill mismatch and stagnant wages, what is more troubling is that there are several new secular stories at play such as greater drug abuse, incarceration rates and the happiness derived from staying home playing games.
The macro implications, while self-explanatory, are dire: with the labor force participation rate among young men unlikely to rebound, the unemployment rate should fall further and cries of labor shortages will remain loud, even as millions of male Americans enter middle age without a job, with one or more drug addition habits, and with phenomenal Call of Duty reflexes. Here's why.
First the facts
The overall LFPR is at 62.7%, up from the lows of 62.4% in 2015 but still considerably below the peak in 2000 of 67.3%. BofA estimates that more than half of the decline in the LFPR is due to demographics - as the population ages, the aggregate participation rate naturally falls. However, even after controlling for demographics, the participation rate of prime-working age individuals has failed to recover. As shown by Goldman above, and in BofA's Chart 1 below, "this reflects the fact that men have not returned to the labor force. This is not a new phenomenon as the participation rate for prime working aged men has been on a secular downshift for the past several decades. However, it stands in contrast with the participation rate of women of the same age cohort which has rebounded nicely."
Looking at age cohorts, the weakness among men is particularly acute among 25-34 years old where the rate has continued to slip lower. This is offset by a modest uptrend in participation among men aged 45-54 years old (Chart 2). In other words, the millennial men have remained on the sidelines of the labor market.
Now the theories
Why haven't men - particularly millennial men - returned to the labor market? According to Meyer, on the one hand, there are the typical business cycle explanations which center on the mismatch in skills. There is also the theory of stagnant wages which may discourage new entrants into the labor market. On the other hand, there are secular changes for men, including the rise in pain medication usage (opioid drug abuse), incarcerations, and prioritization of leisure (think video games).
BofA reviews each in order, starting with the story of mismatch
The recession resulted in more severe job cuts for men than for women, in part due to the nature of the downturn; indeed, male employment fell by a cumulative 6.9% vs a 3.2% drop for women. The goods-side of the economy shed workers, particularly in construction and manufacturing, which tend to be more male-dominated. Both sectors were slow to recover, leaving workers to become detached from the labor market with depreciating skills. Moreover, the destruction of jobs in these sectors discouraged the younger generation from attaining the skills necessary to enter these fields. A prime example is the construction sector: the average age of a construction worker increased to 42.7 in 2016 from 40.4 pre-crisis, reflecting the fact that there were fewer young workers becoming trained in the discipline. By mid-2013, builders started to complain about the difficulty in finding labor, particularly skilled workers. This illustrates how the Great Recession displaced workers and led to a mismatch of skills.
Logically, there is also the influence of rising wages - or the lack thereof - on the incentive to work. Wage growth has been slow to recover on aggregate with only 2.4% yoy nominal wage growth as of October. However, there are differences by education with relative weakness for less educated men (Chart 3). This shows the demand shift away from this population, leaving them on the fringe of the labor force. Accordingly, the labor force participation rate for men with only a high school diploma has declined by 6.2% since 2007 vs. the 5.3% drop in the college educated cohort.
The pain from opioids
Moving to the more depressing narratives, BofA next explores the possibility that the rise in drug abuse - particularly opioids - is leaving men unemployed and displaced from the labor force. Recent work from Alan Krueger found that the rise in opioid prescriptions from 1999 to 2015 could account for about 20% of the decline in the male labor force participation rate during that same period. Referencing the 2013 American Time Use Survey - Well-being Supplement (ATUS-WB), 43% of NLF prime age men indicated having fair or poor health, a stark contrast with just 12% for employed men. The same cohort also reported significantly higher levels of pain rating, with 44% having taken pain medication, opioids particularly, on the reference day. It is hard to prove causality - is the increase in pain causing more dependence on opioids, leading to a drop in the labor force participation, or did the lack of job opportunities lead this population to drug abuse? Either way, it seems to be a factor keeping prime aged individuals from working - both men and women, according to Kreuger's analysis.
Incarceration on the rise
The rising number of incarcerations imposes another issue. Although prisoners are not counted toward the total civilian non-institutional population when calculating the LFPR, the problem associated with the labor market goes beyond prisons. The growing number of incarcerations has left more people with criminal records, making it difficult for them to reenter the workplace. Indeed, the share of male adult population of former prisoners has increased from 1.8% in 1980 to 5.8% in 2010 (Chart 4). The Center for Economic and Policy Research has also found that people who have been imprisoned are 30% less likely to find a job than their non-incarcerated counterparts. Not surprisingly, a look into the details by demographic cohort finds that men make up nearly 93% of all prisoners, of which one third are between the ages of 25 and 34.
Why work when you can play video games
Finally there is the question of preference - is it possible that we are seeing more young men choosing leisure over labor? According to the ATUS (time use survey), between 2004-07 and 2012-15, the average amount of time men aged 21-30 worked declined by 3.13 hours while the number of hours playing games increased by 1.67 and the hours using computers rose by 0.6 (Chart 5). Once again there is a question of causality - are young men playing video games because it is hard to find work or because they prefer it over working? Using the 2013 Supplement ATUS, Krueger finds that game playing is associated with greater happiness, less sadness and less fatigue than TV watching and it is considered to be a social activity. This can create a loose argument that the improvement in video games has increased the enjoyment young men get from leisure, putting a priority on leisure over labor. It also begs the question over whether welfare benefits for the unemployed aren't just a touch too generous, but that is a discussion best left for another day...
Whatever the reasons behind the collapse in male - and especially Millennial - labor force participation, the undeniable result has led a number of industries to report persistent labor shortages. To get a sense of this, BofA compares the ratio of the rate of job openings to hires across major industry using the JOLTS data. All major sectors have witnessed an increase in the ratio (Chart 6). (Note that due to trend differences across industries, it is more important to look at the relative changes in ratios instead of their absolute values). The biggest relative increase was in construction followed by transportation and utilities. This is the goods side of the economy where men tend to be a larger share of the working population, therefore highlighting the challenges in the economy from the shortage of men participating in the labor force. This is consistent with Beige Book commentary which highlighted in the latest edition that "Many Districts noted that employers were having difficulty finding qualified workers, particularly in construction, transportation, skilled manufacturing, and some health care and service positions."
There are two implications: number one, the unemployment rate is set to fall further. In October we already touched 4.1% and are just a few thousand workers away from a 3-handle on the unemployment rate. The second is that wages should be rising. As Meyer writes, while it has yet to translate to a decisive higher trend in wage inflation, "we continue to argue that further tightening in the labor market will gradually succeed in generating faster wage growth." To be sure, modest upward pressure on wages - especially if it is felt across industries and education levels - could encourage some return of labor, but it will likely be slow given the structural challenges addressed above. The consequence: cries of labor shortages will remain loud, even as wages finally rebound from chornically, and troublingly, low levels. In fact, some speculate that the wage rebound - once it emerges - could be sharp and destabilizing, and ultimately, as Albert Edwards predicted, could result in a "nightmare scenario" for the Fed (and capital markets) which will suddenly find itself far behind the tightening curve.
Right now, and sadly not for the first time in recent years, the United States is looking at an outbreak of a dangerous yet nearly entirely preventable disease.
We've had pockets of measles outbreaks here and there in the past few years—the last one was in Michigan, just a few weeks ago—but this new one is gaining a lot of attention, no doubt because ground zero was traced back to Disneyland.
This one is particularly worrisome because of the location: A tourist attraction means people come from all over the world, from places where measles may not yet be eradicated, and it also means that once infected people scatter and spread it around even more. As just one example, 1,000 people are under observation in Arizona, including nearly 200 children, because the measles was brought to a Phoenix medical center from someone infected at Disneyland. Other examples abound.
Social media has exploded with attacks on anti-vaxxers because of this, which doesn't surprise me at all. But I want everyone to be careful here. This is more subtle and complicated than most people are aware.
For one thing, as Keith Kloor at Discover magazine points out, overall in this country vaccine rates and acceptance of vaccines have not declined in recent years. So it's not just that people are listening to the anti-vax movement and rates are dropping.
It's more about pockets of unvaccinated people, communities at risk because herd immunity has been lowered locally. California has many of these regions. But to add another layer on to this, it's not just left-leaning upper-class hippies behind this. Vaccine denial is nonpartisan. So we have to be careful not to throw blame at someone just because of their political ideology.
In fact, several GOP politicians have stepped in it in just the past few days, including Chris Christie and Rand Paul, both of whom made incredibly foolish and grossly inaccurate claims about vaccines. Shame on them.
There are many reasons for locally low vaccination rates. Yes, anti-vaxxers are clearly one reason. But as social scientist Julie Leask says in Kloor's article, there are other reasons, too:
It's not just the haves, but the have-nots who don't fully vaccinate. … There will be children whose parents refused vaccination; children whose parents were unwittingly not up to date for lack of access; affordability or awareness; adults and travellers who didn't get a needed booster; and babies who are too young to be vaccinated.
But what about anti-vaxxers? I for one try not to castigate parents for this. What people forget is that most parents who don't vaccinate aren't dumb, and they don't think they're being selfish. They simply love their children, and don't want them to be hurt. This belief is quite mistaken, of course, but it doesn't change the fact that they believe it. And yes, there is that cardiologist in Arizona who went on a creepy rant about keeping their kids pure, but they also have a lot of crackpottery they say, and I don't think he's representative; he's just someone the media like to go to because of their man-bites-dog beliefs.
Exposing people who vocally make false claims about vaccines is another matter. Jenny McCarthy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and others like them deserve to be taken down when they say outrageous things we know are completely false.
And am I angry at parents who don't vaccinate their kids? For me it's more of an intense frustration than anger. But calling them stupid and yelling at them for endangering other children won't help. I'm not sure calmly explaining things will either, but it's a damn sight better than mocking them. That only makes them dig in, and then you've made it worse.
Throwing a huge blanket over everyone who doesn't vaccinate isn't likely to suddenly make them decide you're right. Remember, the evidence is overwhelming that vaccines are extremely low risk and extremely high benefit, yet people still aren't vaccinating. Clearly there are other factors going on here than rational evidence-based behavior.
Those of us who are pro-vaccination claim to be evidence-based. Well, then look at the evidence and base your actions on it.
So what can be done? That too is complicated. Certainly we need the government to take this matter up. Given what Paul and Christie said, and other Congresscritters who have made profoundly ignorant claims, we should have a care. But we do need to study why people are hesitating to get their vaccinations and develop tactics to counter that hesitancy.
On a personal level, getting the facts out there may not be all we need, but we do need it. So I will continue to write about this and make sure the evidence is available for people to see. And I will direct queries I get to doctors who know their stuff and to websites I know have trustworthy information.
In fact, Slate has a new landing page filled with articles about vaccinations. You'll find a lot of my own work there.
I will continue to call out anti-vaxxers, but I will also tread carefully when doing so. I always point out that I too am a parent, and my family is always up-to-date with our vaccines and boosters. I love my family too, and that's one reason why I vaccinate. The other is that I know what these diseases can do to the elderly, to babies too young to be vaccinated, and to people who are immunocompromised (on chemotherapy, for example, or with autoimmune disorders and taking immunosuppressants).
Measles is one of the most infectious diseases known, and if the number of infected rises, we will start seeing disastrous effects from it. We eradicated measles in the United States years ago; there are no native reservoirs in this country. Outbreaks occur when people travel internationally and bring it back. Our best defense is getting as many people vaccinated as possible. Disneyland isn't the first, nor will it be the last outbreak. But we can minimize them, and save a lot of lives doing so.
So please, talk to your board-certified doctor, find out what vaccines you need, and if they recommend you get vaccinated, do so.
Read more of Slate's vaccines coverage.
There's been a rather ugly strain of criticism of Star Trek: Discovery online and it goes like this: The upcoming CBS All Access show's cast is too diverse for some of the franchise's longtime fans. The term “white genocide” has been bandied about. Original series star George Takei has even gotten involved to defend the new show. But the Discovery cast themselves haven't commented on the matter — until now.
EW asked Discovery star Sonequa Martin-Green — the first black woman to lead a Trek cast — about the complaints. What would they say to these self-declared fans, if anything?
“Well, I would encourage them to key into the essence and spirit of Star Trek that has made it the legacy it is — and that's looking across the way to the person sitting in front of you and realizing you are the same, that they are not separate from you, and we are all one,” Martin-Green said. “That's something Star Trek has always upheld and I completely believe that is why it's been a mainstay in society in the hearts of so many people for so many decades. I would encourage them to look past their opinions and social conditioning and key into what we're doing here — which is telling a story about humanity that will hopefully bring us all together.”
To read more on Star Trek: Discovery, pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly on stands Friday, or buy it here now. Don't forget to subscribe for more exclusive interviews and photos, only in EW.
Indeed, The Original Series, in particular, was considered ultra progressive, especially for 1966 — the show's bridge crew included a Russian character (ensign Chekov played by Walter Koenig), a Japanese man (Lt. Sulu played by Takei), a black woman (Lt. Uhura played by Nichelle Nichols) and a rotation of others, all working together with mutual respect. The show featured TV's first interracial kiss and frequently tackled issues of social justice in allegorical ways. Over the decades since then, the franchise has continued to present Gene Roddenberry's utopian multicultural vision of humans and other species overcoming their differences to solve problems. It's kind of the whole idea behind the show.
“And it's hard to understand and appreciate Star Trek if you don't understand and appreciate that,” Martin-Green continued. “It's one of the foundational principles of Star Trek and I feel if you miss that then you miss the legacy itself. I'm incredibly proud to be the lead of this show and be at the forefront of an iteration of Star Trek that's from the eyes of a black woman that's never been done before, though obviously there's been other forms of diversity that have been innovated by Trek. I feel like we're taking another step forward, which I think all stories should do. We should go boldly where nobody has gone before and stay true to that.”
It's hard to put it better than that.
On the show, Martin-Green plays First Officer Michael Burnham, the focus of the story. Them commanding officer is Captain Philippa Georgiou, played by another woman of color, Michelle Yeoh. The cast also includes the TV franchise's first openly gay character, a science officer played by Anthony Rapp.
Here's what Takei said on MSNBC earlier this year about the criticism: “Today in this society we have alien life forms that we call trolls. And these trolls carry on without knowing what they're talking about and knowing even less about the history of what they're talking about. And some of these trolls go on to be presidents of nations … These so-called trolls haven't seen a single episode of the new series because it hasn't been aired. And they don't know the history of Star Trek, that Gene Rodenberry created this with the idea of finding strength in our diversity.”
And by the way, a rather similar criticism hit Star Wars: The Force Awakens after its trailer debuted — and before the film went on to become a worldwide critical and box office smash.
Next: Star Trek: Discovery to throw out a frustrating longtime Trek rule.
Next: First look at a groovy new Trek transporter room
Previous: First look at Jason Isaacs as Discovery's Captain Lorca.
Previous: Star Trek: Discovery star Sonequa Martin-Green breaks their silence on their mysterious character.
Previous: Star Trek: Discovery producers explain the show's delays.
Previous: Star Trek: Discovery trailer and premiere date.
On Monday, CBS announced Star Trek: Discovery will debut Sunday, Sept. 24 (first on CBS, then shifting to CBS All Access streaming service). EW has more to come, follow @jameshibberd for the latest.
Ontario Provincial Police have laid criminal charges against provincial Liberal Party fundraiser Gerry Lougheed Jr. in relation to the Sudbury byelection in February.
Police say Lougheed has been charged with these Criminal Code offences:
One count of counselling an offence not committed.
One count of unlawfully influencing or negotiating appointments.
Lougheed released a statement Thursday morning, saying they would be "vigorously defending these charges in the courts."
"I have no further comments at this time as this matter is now before the courts," they said.
The investigation was launched after a former Liberal candidate said they were offered a job or an appointment to step aside in the Feb. 5 byelection for Premier Kathleen Wynne's preferred candidate, former New Democrat Glenn Thibeault.
Wynne has always maintained the Liberals were just trying to keep former candidate Andrew Olivier in the party fold, and there was no need to offer them a job or appointment to step aside because they were not going to be the candidate.
Thibeault won the byelection for the Liberals, taking back the Sudbury riding they had lost to the New Democrats in the 2014 general election.
The OPP said in a statement "this has been a very uncommon investigation," and said they will provide no further comment.
Greater Sudbury Police confirm that Lougheed has stepped aside as chair of the Sudbury Police Services Board.
Huntington University also confirmed that Lougheed has stepped aside as chancellor of the school — just hours before they were to be formally installed in the ceremonial office.
One of the charges carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison.
According to OPP, Lougheed is due to appear in court on Nov. 18.
'Will the premier step aside?'
At Queen's Park today, opposition parties maintained Lougheed was acting on orders from Premier Kathleen Wynne.
"The premier has disgraced their office," said PC leader Patrick Brown. "Will the premier step aside?"
According to NDP House Leader Gilles Bisson, "Everybody has heard the tapes ... Mr. Lougheed was very clear — they were there on behalf of the Premier of Ontario."
Wynne was not in the Legislature to answer to the opposition herself, but Deputy Premier Deb Matthews defended her, saying "The premier has cooperated fully with the police investigation."
Wynne's deputy chief of staff Pat Sorbara was also under investigation, but Matthews said the OPP have told Sorbara's lawyer they will not be charged.
Olivier, Thibeault respond
Spurned former Sudbury Liberal candidate Andrew Olivier released a statement to the press on Thursday afternoon.
"Although I did not initiate this investigation, I will cooperate as I have from the outset with the authorities in any way I can," they wrote.
"The legal advice I have received and which I have accepted is to not make any further statements regarding these events while the matter is before the courts."
At Queen's Park, Liberal MPP Glenn Thibeault faced a barrage of questions from reporters about the charges — and about Lougheed's support of him.
A high-profile defection from the federal NDP to the Ontario Liberals in Dec. 2014 left some in the Sudbury riding feeling like they'd "been slapped in the face". When asked whether Lougheed's fundraising efforts or political clout helped to smooth the way to their victory in the riding, Thibeault said Lougheed was "just [as important as] any volunteer".
"I think most of the heavy-lifting was done by myself," they said.
And when asked by a reporter whether they think the "commotion" has been worth it to clinch one seat:
"You know what? Politics is politics. Elections are elections," they continued. "For me, representing the people of Sudbury is always worth it. Hindsight is 20-20."
Our culture is obsessed with sex. Everywhere you look is another article on how to have hot sex, harder erections, mind-bending orgasms and ejaculations that go on for days. What people seldom realize, though—and which the latest science backs up—is that this is exactly the problem.
There's nothing wrong with desiring sex. I'm extremely sex-positive. Rather I believe it's the obsessive focus on the pragmatics and mechanization of sex—in isolation from the rest of the person—that is making us actually less satisfied with sex. We aren't integrating our sexual desires into the totality of our being, and our whole selves are suffering as a result.
In a series of clever studies, psychologists Frédérick L. Philippe and Robert J. Vallerand and their colleagues studied a concept they refer to as harmonious sexual passion: passion for sex that is well integrated and in harmony with other aspects of the self, creating minimal conflict with other areas of life. Harmonious integration of one's sexual desires frees one up to fully engage in and enjoy sexual activity in an open, spontaneous and nondefensive manner. Items measuring harmonious sexual passion include “sex is in harmony with the other things that are part of me,” “sex is well integrated in my life” and “sex is in harmony with the other activities in my life.”
In contrast, those who have “obsessive sexual passion” have not integrated their sexuality well into the totality of their being. Their sexual desires remain detached from other areas of their self as well as other domains in life. This leads to more narrow goals, such as immediate sexual gratification (for example, orgasm) and to an urgent feeling of sex as a goal, compelling us to perform, instead of us being in control of our sexuality. Such behavior can significantly limit the full enjoyment of sex as well as life. Items measuring obsessive sexual passion include: “I have almost an obsessive feeling for sex,” “sex is the only thing that really turns me on” and “I have the impression that sex controls me.”
Across a number of studies, the researchers found that these two forms of sexual passion—obsessive and harmonious—differ remarkably in how sexual information is processed and how sexual activities are experienced. During sexual activities, obsessive sexual passion was related to negative emotions. And outside of sexual intercourse, it was related to intrusive thoughts about sex, conflict with other goals, attention to alternative partners and difficulty concentrating on a current goal when unconsciously viewing pictures of sexually attractive people.
Obsessive sexual passion was also related to the biased processing of information. Those scoring higher for this trait were more likely to perceive sexual intent in ambiguous social interactions, as well as to perceive sexuality in words that did not explicitly have a sexual connotation (for example, “nurse,” “heels,” “uniform”). Obsessive sexual passion was also related to violent actions under threat of romantic rejection, as well as greater dissolution of romantic relationships over time.
In contrast, harmonious sexual passion showed much greater integration with more loving aspects of the self, as well as other life domains. For instance, participants were asked to list as many words as they could in one minute related to the word “sex.” Those scoring higher in harmonious sexual passion were still sexually passionate beings: they listed quite a number of sexually related words. But they had a more balanced profile of purely sexual representations (for example, “penis,” “breasts,” “vibrator”) and sexual-relational representations (“intimate,” “caress,” “intercourse”). In fact, the magic number seemed to be a ratio of two: once the number of sexual words outweighed the number of sexual-relational words by a factor of two, there was a substantial increase in obsessive sexual passion and a marked decrease in harmonious sexual passion.
Those scoring high in harmonious sexual passion also showed greater control over their sexual drive. Whenever a sexual stimulus was subconsciously encountered (for example, a beautiful person), they were able to remain on task—which was to identify natural versus artificial objects. Harmonious sexual passion was also related to less sexually intrusive thoughts and was unrelated to attentiveness to alternative partners. This greater integration and absence of conflict led to higher relationship quality over time.
It is important to note that obsessive sexual passion is not the same thing as sexual compulsivity or even sex addiction (although some still debate whether sexual addiction actually exists). Even though obsessive sexual passion was correlated with negative emotions during sexual activity, it did not lead to greater feelings of distress. Also, both harmonious and obsessive sexual passion were related to loving and enjoying sex-related activities.
In fact, both harmonious and obsessive sexual passion were equally correlated with sexual desire. This is a really important finding because we have a tendency to stigmatize those with greater sociosexuality in our society. Those with a more unrestricted sociosexual orientation are more willing to engage in casual sex and report increased sexual desire and frequency of fantasizing about sex. These results suggest that sociosexuality itself is not the problem; rather it is how your sociosexuality is integrated into your identity and other areas of your life that matters.
Perhaps instead of fixating on our cultural obsession with sexual performance, we should shift more toward helping people accept and feel comfortable with their sexuality, embrace sexual passion and harness that passion in ways that bring joy, vitality and openness to all areas of their life.
For more on the distinction between harmonious and obsessive passion, see my Harvard Business Review article “Why Your Passion for Work Could Ruin Your Career.” For psychologist Frédérick L. Philippe's “The Role of Episodic Memories in Current and Future Well-Being.” And for psychologist Jocelyn Bélanger's work on passion and goal suppression, see their 2013 paper “When Passion Makes the Heart Grow Colder: The Role of Passion in Alternative Goal Suppression.”—S.B.K.
World-renowned Parkinson's researcher speaks at UTSA on slowing disease progression April 10
D. James Surmeier is the director of Northwestern University's Parkinson's Disease research center.
(April 7, 2017) -- The UTSA Neurosciences Institute will host a distinguished public lecture, "A Strategy for Slowing the Progression of Parkinson's Disease," by D. James Surmeier, director of Northwestern University's Morris K. Udall Center for Excellence in Parkinson's Disease Research, at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, April 10, in the H-E-B University Center Ballroom (1.104) on the UTSA Main Campus. A half-hour reception will precede the lecture. Both are free and open to the public.
Parkinson's Disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder in the U.S. It affects up to one million people in the country, and thousands of new cases are diagnosed each year. At present, there are no proven strategies for preventing or slowing its progression.
Surmeier is a researcher of the mechanisms underlying Parkinson's Disease and schizophrenia. Their lecture will explore a new treatment strategy on the horizon—outlining the rational for a large phase 3 clinical neuroprotection trial for early stage Parkinson's Disease patients sponsored by the National Institutes of Health.
The drug therapy trial—which uses the calcium channel blocker Isradipine—is based on the core idea that some neurons in the brain act as "look-outs," watching for events that can help or hurt patients, and that this constant vigilance causes them to wear out as humans age. The goal of the new therapy is to remodel the neurons in a way that allows them to rest without threatening their ability to do their job.
Surmeier is the Nathan Smith Davis Professor and Chair of Physiology at the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University. Born in Glendale, Calif., they are a graduate of the University of Washington, where they received their doctorate degree in physiology-psychology in 1983. They were awarded their Master of Science in mathematics from the University of Oregon in 1976, and their Bachelor of Science degrees in mathematics and psychology from the University of Idaho in 1975. They received post-graduate training at the Marine Biomedical Institute and the Department of Anatomy at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston and later with the Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology at the University of Tennessee. As director of the Morris K. Udall Center for Excellence in Parkinson's Disease Research, they oversee one of nine elite centers funded by the National Institutes of Health focusing on causes and cures for Parkinson's Disease.
Surmeier is a member of the Center for Rare and Neurological Diseases, the Cognitive Neurology and Alzheimer's Disease Center, the Northwestern University Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute and the Northwestern University Institute of Neuroscience.  They are a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and has received countless academic honors for their decades of scientific research and accomplishments, including the Javits Neuroscience Investigator Award from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke.
Each year, the UTSA Neurosciences Institute's Distinguished Public Lecture series brings an internationally recognized neuroscientist to UTSA to engage and educate a wide and varied audience from across the San Antonio region to discuss current research findings on neuroscience topics that offer a fundamental understanding of the human experience.
The UTSA Neurosciences Institute is a top-tier multidisciplinary research organization for integrated brain studies. The institute's mission is to foster a collaborative community of scientists committed to studying the biological basis of human experience and behavior, and the origin and treatment of nervous system diseases. It is one of five centers—which includes the San Antonio Cellular Therapeutics Institute, the South Texas Center for Emerging Infectious Diseases, the Center for Innovative Drug Discovery and the Institute for Health Disparities Research—across UTSA conducting groundbreaking brain health research.
Parking for the lecture is available in the Ximenes Ave. Garage at a rate of $2 per hour. Click here to see a UTSA Main Campus map.
UTSA is ranked among the top 400 universities in the world and among the top 100 in the nation, according to Times Higher Education.
- Jesus Chavez
-------------------------------
Learn more about the UTSA Neurosciences Institute.
Discover UTSA's top-tier dedication to the study of brain health.
Connect with UTSA online at Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and LinkedIn.
When Julianne Harnish stopped into Flipburger, they saw something troubling. Rather, it was what they didn't see at the Halifax burger joint that troubled them
This painting, which stands more than a metre tall, was stolen on St. Patrick's Day.
For years, one of Harnish's paintings — a colourful, psychedelic rendering of a chameleon perched atop a bottle — could be found on a wall of the downtown restaurant.
Now it was gone.
"I've never had anything stolen from me before," said Harnish.
"It feels like a violation."
When the daycare worker and artist saw their creation was no longer hanging in the restaurant, they emailed Flipburger to see if they had taken it down or sold it.
Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.
Harnish said employees believe the painting was stolen around St. Patrick's Day.
Halifax Regional Police are investigating the theft.
Painting more than a metre tall
Harnish does not individually price their paintings, instead choosing to negotiate prices with a prospective buyer.
When asked to ballpark how much the stolen piece was worth, Harnish said the last painting they sold was priced at $800.
Harnish's painting hung inside Flipburger's Argyle Street location for several years in downtown Halifax.
Not only is the painting expensive but at more than a metre tall, it's also quite large. That's only added to the mystery of exactly how it was taken without anyone noticing.
"If somebody walked out with it, it would be very obvious," said Harnish.
Displaying art 'has its risks'
Harnish said displaying artwork in restaurants or cafés is an easier way to get the public to see their art, rather than displaying it in an art gallery.
"I'm not a very well-known artist, I have a full-time job ... I don't really have a presence in galleries right now."
Harnish gave the thieves the option to return the painting to Flipburger, but the person brought it to them directly and in person.
Displaying in restaurants or cafés "has its risks ... but I decided it was worth it to prevent the painting from collecting dust in my apartment," they added.
Harnish said there was a small sign next to the painting with their contact information if someone wanted to buy it, but they noticed the note was missing during a previous visit to the restaurant.
They said they don't hold Flipburger responsible for the theft.
"The staff work there really hard and it's not their job to make sure my property doesn't get taken."
Feeling hopeful
Harnish admitted the theft has shaken their trust when displaying their art in restaurants but feels hopeful the painting will be returned.
"There's more people who are upset that it was stolen and there's only one person who stole it," they said.
Harnish has received hundreds of shares on their Facebook post where they shared details about the stolen artwork.
They have also been posting other drawings and comics on Facebook, chronicling their mission to locate the stolen piece.
Harnish says they use comics like this one to help them poke fun at unfortunate circumstances.
"I think my best chance of getting it back is just letting people know and hopefully the person who took it will see."
Harnish said the painting can be returned to Flipburger if found.
The Presidency has issued a statement in which it confirms why President Zuma will not attend Ahmed Kathrada's funeral and memorial service.
JOHANNESBURG - President Jacob Zuma says they will not be attending Ahmed Kathrada's memorial service and funeral this morning in compliance with the wishes of the stalwart's family.
In a statement released a short while ago, the president has reiterated that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa will lead the government delegation to the services.
Following reports that the president was not welcome at the funeral, the Ahmed Kathrada Foundation moved to clarify that everyone was welcome.
Kathrada, who died on Tuesday at the age of 87, will receive an official special funeral
The funeral is expected to be an inter-faith service but the late struggle stalwart will be buried according to Muslim rites.
Some guests have begun arriving for the funeral, which is expected to start soon.
Among them are Nelson Mandela Foundation CEO Sello Hatang and several of their colleagues at the foundation.
While proceedings are yet to get underway, Moulana Sulaimaan Ravat says that when a person dies in the Muslim faith, their body is cleansed and then wrapped in three sheets of white cloth for the family to mourn.
They say when Ahmed Kathrada's body arrives at the cemetery, a short prayer will be said and then the struggle stalwart will be buried shortly after.
Read the full statement from the Presidency below:
President Jacob Zuma has postponed the start of today's Cabinet meeting to later this afternoon to enable members to attend the funeral of struggle stalwart Mr Ahmed Kathrada.
President Jacob Zuma has again expressed deep sadness and extended their heartfelt condolences to former Public Enterprises Minister Barbara Hogan and family on the passing of one of the most respected struggle stalwarts and former Member of Parliament.
“The nation has lost one of its valuable and most respected freedom fighters, Isithwalandwe, Mr Ahmed Mohamed Kathrada, one of the accused of the famous Rivonia Treason Trial. The passing of Mr Kathrada is a monumental loss not only to their family but to all South Africans as they were one of the fearless and dedicated architects of the free and democratic South Africa. They sacrificed their personal freedom and persevered through hardships for the liberation of all South Africa and to create a democratic, non-racial, peaceful and prosperous South Africa,” the President said.
Mr Kathrada will be remembered for their discipline and the fearless leadership that they displayed which led to their arrest in 1963 in Rivonia, near Johannesburg.
They became one of the accused in the Rivonia Trial and was sentenced to life imprisonment along other struggle stalwarts, Mr Nelson Mandela, Mr Walter Sisulu, Mr Govan Mbeki, Mr Andrew Mlangeni, Mr Elias Motsoaledi, Mr Raymond Mhlaba and Mr Denis Goldberg for charges of sabotage and attempting to overthrow the apartheid government through violent means.
Mr Kathrada served 26 years in prison in which they were held at Robben Island and Pollsmoor Prisons. Following their release in 1989, they were elected to serve as a member of the democratic parliament, representing the governing party.
President Zuma has declared a special official funeral and directed that flags be flown at half-mast until the evening of the memorial service.
Mr Kathrada will be laid to rest today, 29 Mar 2017 at West Park Cemetery in Johannesburg.
An official memorial service is being organised by government led by the Presidency, to pay tribute to the struggle hero. Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa will lead the government delegation to the funeral and memorial service.
President Zuma will not attend the funeral and memorial service in compliance with the wishes of the family.
TALLAHASSEE — The Florida Legislature's chaotic session hit a new dysfunctional low Wednesday as an irate Senate demanded that House leaders bring lawmakers back to work or risk violating the state Constitution.
House Speaker Steve Crisafulli, who had sent members home a day earlier, showed no signs of backing down. With increased vitriol on both sides, it appeared less likely than ever the House and Senate could come together for critical budget talks.
"The culture is toxic right now," said Senate Appropriations Chairman Tom Lee, R-Brandon.
Senate President Andy Gardiner, R-Orlando, said the House "trick" of shutting down Tuesday could violate a provision in the Constitution that says: "Neither house shall adjourn for more than 72 consecutive hours except pursuant to a concurrent resolution" signed by the two chambers. The session is scheduled to end by midnight Friday.
"You adjourned the Florida House of Representatives in contravention of express provisions of the Florida Constitution," Gardiner wrote in a letter to Crisafulli, R-Merritt Island. "I respectfully request that you reconvene your chamber to finish the important work of the people of Florida."
After the letter was read and senators gave Gardiner a standing ovation, they told them: "This new trick that they did is not part of the negotiating tools. It's wrong, not just for the Senate, but it's wrong for the state of Florida, to essentially say that one chamber is not relevant."
The issue has been raised only once before, in 1956, when Gov. LeRoy Collins alone stopped a legislative session to prevent a resolution expressing opposition to racial integration.
Senators urged Gardiner to immediately ask the Florida Supreme Court for an advisory opinion on who's right, but Gardiner said no decision has been made to go to court, and other senators said it was unlikely.
Crisafulli answered with a letter that said the House is "willing and able" to meet in a special session, but gave no indication the House would return by Friday.
"I understand that you are angry that the House concluded our business," Crisafulli wrote. "I told you that the House could not pass Obamacare expansion. It's not something that I can force them to pass. … This is a matter of the House exercising its constitutional duty to represent those who elected us."
Crisafulli abruptly adjourned the House at 1:15 p.m. Tuesday, the first time that one house went home on a different day than the other since at least 1971, when such records were compiled.
Gardiner's letter further strains relations with the House as the two sides remain locked in an increasingly bitter stalemate, unable to begin budget talks because of a philosophical divide over the use of federal money to expand health care to low-income residents.
Time will emerge as a major factor because the state must have a balanced budget in place by July 1, but the two chambers are farther apart than ever.
The Senate sent a batch of House-passed legislation to Gov. Rick Scott Wednesday, including creation of an online voter registration system by 2017, reforms to the Public Service Commission and a requirement that public places post signs to promote awareness of human trafficking.
But Gardiner's claim of a runaway, unconstitutional House added to a surreal scene in which one Republican senator after another heaped criticism on absent House members for leaving them no way to make last-minute legislative compromises.
Sen. Jack Latvala, R-Clearwater, passed a bill (HB 7109) to impose new oversight on the PSC and to provide for up to $600 million in savings to Duke Energy.
But they bluntly accused the House of bowing to pressure from Florida Power & Light, the state's largest utility, which opposed having to hold hearings in their local service areas once every two years.
"What are they scared of?" Latvala fumed.
The Senate grudgingly passed a bill to impose criminal penalties on people who commit "revenge porn" by posting sexually explicit photos and videos of others online with the intent of inflicting emotional distress.
The House had amended the bill (SB 538) so that posting the images is illegal only if the person photographed is identified by name.
"It certainly does not give us what we need or what the people of Florida deserve," said the disappointed sponsor, Sen. David Simmons, R-Altamonte Springs. "We're supposed to be in this to the end, to be sure the people's work is done."
On live TV, Sen. Rene Garcia, R-Hialeah, said the House did a "half-a----" reworking of a mental health bill that they refused to allow to come to a Senate vote.
Sen. Don Gaetz, R-Niceville, accused the House of ruining a bill to provide $10,000 scholarships to special-needs students, a top Senate priority. The House added a provision to deduct $300 from each award and give it to Step Up for Students, a private group that runs the program.
"It is an organization whose bills I have carried and whose issues I have supported," Gaetz said. "But it is an organization whose hands grab for too much."
The Senate symbolically passed its version and sent it back to an empty House "at the foot of that locked door," Gaetz said.
The House doors weren't locked, and Gaetz's son, Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fort Walton Beach, was one of the few House members visible Wednesday. Wearing madras shorts, they took pictures of the deserted chamber.
Watching on TV, House members fired back on social media.
"If @flsenate would've come to terms w/fact that Medicaid expansion was not going happen bc 2 bodies of govt didn't support it, then things wouldn't be this way," tweeted House Majority Leader Dana Young, R-Tampa.
Florida's Constitution states that if the two legislative chambers can't agree on when to adjourn, Gov. Rick Scott should serve as a mediator.
Scott has sided with the House in its opposition to Medicaid expansion, and Senate leaders have said it would be "ill-advised" for the Republican governor to intervene in a legislative stalemate.
Senate Democratic leader Arthenia Joyner, D-Tampa, said a "real governor" would have intervened weeks ago and tried to mediate a solution.
"The governor has major culpability in this collapse. But he's steeped in CEO-type leadership where one person runs the show," Joyner said.
Simmons, a constitutional law specialist known for their lawyerly manner and long-winded speeches, said they told Gardiner on Tuesday that they thought the House acted in violation of the Constitution.
"There was a reason that our founding fathers put this rule in the Constitution — to ensure that the important work of the people is accomplished,'' Simmons said.
In the Senate, references to the House shutdown were part of every discussion — even a ceremony honoring Don Severance, the affable Senate sergeant at arms who will retire in the fall after a 39-year career.
"He thought he'd seen everything that could possibly happen in this building, up until yesterday," Latvala said as the Senate erupted in laughter.
Times/Herald staff writers Michael Auslen, Mary Ellen Klas, Kathleen McGrory and Michael Van Sickler contributed to this report. Contact Steve Bousquet at [email protected] or (850) 224-7263.
by Brett Stevens on February 3, 2017
As usual, sea change causes a re-organization among humans. The cutting edge people have already moved on to something new for unrelated reasons; the intelligent have always opposed whatever stupid trend most people are following, which is how they define eras, by emulating what others have succeeded by doing; the middle-level labrador retriever type people then surge in to slavishly imitate the dying trend.
IKEA sent out the following pledge which seems more symbolic than a response to an actual need:
Dear Co-workers,
As I am sure most of you have heard, President Trump recently signed an executive order that suspends the entry of citizens from seven countriesâ€”Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemenâ€”into the United States for at least the next 90 days. A review is underway to determine which countries should be added to the list. This action applies to new immigrants to the US, as well as individuals traveling to the US from these countries who are legal residents, who live and work in the US, but are not naturalized citizens. Some of these people may be IKEA co-workers or their families. We are working to identify any co-workers who are directly impacted by this action, and I ask any co-worker who believes that this order impacts them or their family to contact the Benefits hotline immediately by calling xxxxxxxx. * We are also committed to supporting impacted co-workers and their immediate families by providing FREE legal advice from experienced licensed attorneys through our IKEA iCare benefits. Certified and trained iCare counselors are also available 24/7 to help co-workers with the emotional and mental toll this situation may take on them and their families. Co-workers can reach iCare by calling xxxxxxxx or going online to xxxxx. Over the past 35 years, I have lived in many countries where I have been an immigrant. As the Country Manager of IKEA in Italy, Japan, and now the US, I have witnessed firsthand the power of people working together: people from different backgrounds, nationalities, and religions uniting to achieve our vision of creating a better everyday life. This is why any proposal that would discriminate against a certain group of our customers or co-workers, or limit our ability to attract and retain diverse talent is so troubling. Our IKEA values clearly tell us that leadership is taking action and standing up for what we believe in. That is why we are committed to continuing to stand for the dignity and rights of everyone. I wanted to make sure you have all the necessary information you might need if you are directly affected by this action and our standpoint on it. If you have concerns, please also feel free to contact either me or xxxxxxx, our US HR Manager. Lars Petersson
Country Manager, IKEA USA *Note the original letter did not have XXs, it supplied the correct phone numbers and email addresses. However, in the interest of privacy of our third party vendors – and our co-workers, this information is eliminated in this document. However, the original copy in Lars Peterssonâ€™s letter is not altered.
Note: We will be using the echoes — ((( $name ))) — in this post to indicate people of Swedish descent because, despite making some of the best death metal on earth, they are hopelessly delusional at this point in time and must be considered with the care one affords to escaped mental patients and serial killers.
((( Petersson ))) makes the usual begging-the-question fallacy by assuming that all immigrants are the same. They say they were an immigrant; not really, because they in fact was someone simply living abroad. They equate their experience with that of others, and then makes the usual diversity-is-our-strength-we-are-the-robots pleasant noises.
What is missing is any assessment of how many IKEA workers are actually influenced by this order. They say they are working to come up with a list, but if the answer is forty people out of a global workforce of a hundred thousand, why exactly would they make this announcement? And then why send it to all customers who have signed up for an IKEA email update?
The answer is simple: they are virtue signaling.  They are saying to the sheep that IKEA is safe and on their side, so they should consider forming a temporary alliance. This is the usual bargaining that kidnapping victims, conquered armies and incompetent employees go through: they form an attachment to their enemies, hoping the enemies will do the same.
In actuality, IKEA employees are not fooled by this. They do not have allegiance to IKEA, but a paycheck. Neither are non-white customers of IKEA. They realize that IKEA is a for-profit that is making these pleasant noises to fool single white women, not minorities. That means that this virtue signaling is exactly what it appears to be: advertising.
For centuries in the West, the intelligent have been made slaves of the unintelligent. This happens whenever a society succeeds, and so simultaneously liberates a growing middle class and builds up a huge lower class. The former manages the latter, and while this makes for good money, it also makes life into a living hell of tedium, ugliness and babysitting those who grow increasingly bold about their irresponsibility.
As a result, the smart people burn out while the stupid become more jubilant and cruel — we see this in the insanity of the Berkeley protests — resulting in a society in constant BDSM-style opposition between its parts. The middle classes and upward grow wealthy at the price of their souls, which they trade for boring, futile and enraging jobs that waste the best hours of the best years of their lives.
In turn, the proles get very little, and come to realize that it is not a huge secret that they are disposable. They begin their gambit for control, called “Leftism,” at the same time many intellectuals and dissidents form among the middle classes because to be forced into a life of tedium will drive them to suicide. They hate how their parents lived and become class traitors, simply to avoid the insanity.
This is why virtue signaling is out of control. The middle classes have formed a Stockholm Syndrome style bond with their captors, the far more numerous lower classes. The lower classes depend on the middle classes for guidance, but resent them and want revenge. As a result, these codependent groups wage passive-aggressive warfare against each other until they destroy their shared civilization.
Tags: civilization, IKEA, leftism, passive aggression, virtue signaling
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Morris Claiborne has been replaced as a starter. (MCT via Getty Images) Morris Claiborne has been replaced as a starter. (MCT via Getty Images)
The Dallas Cowboys have benched cornerback Morris Claiborne, the No. 6 pick in the 2012 NFL draft, ESPNDallas.com's Calvin Watkins reported.
Orlando Scandrick will now start at right cornerback, but the team will continue to give Claiborne some playing time in passing situations. Claiborne has been burned repeatedly and coach Jason Garrett thinks they are lacking both confidence and proper technique.
From Watkins' report:
“I think it's probably a combination,” Garrett said. “Technically, you go back at each of the completions against them and you say, ‘Hey, you should do this. You should do that.' But I also think confidence, playing that position, is critical. And usually those two things work hand in hand. "When you're playing technically sound and you have ability, you tend to have more and more confidence because you're in the right place. They went to them too much in this ballgame, and they were too effective. He's just got to play better, and they will play better.”
Claiborne's struggles may stem partly from an injury. They dislocated their left shoulder in the season opener and has played through the pain. But Dallas still expected more from him.
BEDARD: Week 4 Decisive Moments
The total area planted with genetically modified crops grew by eight per cent in 2011, reaching 160 million hectares worldwide, according to new figures released by an international agricultural technology group.
Canada now ranks fifth on the planet with 10.4 million hectares of biotech canola, corn, soybean and sugar beet under cultivation, according to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications.
The United States continues to lead the world with 69 million hectares under biotech crops in 2011. China, India, Argentina, Brazil and South Africa combined for 71.4 million hectares under cultivation, about 40 per cent of the world's total.
Most genetically modified crops, also known as GM or biotech, are altered to make them resistant to attacks by pests, thus reducing pesticide use, or to make plants immune to certain widely used herbicides, so farmers can use chemicals on their fields to kill weeds without harming their crops. A few GM plants are modified for increased drought resistance or improved nutrition.
China is in the process of testing biotech corn and rice for commercial cultivation, which will likely drive a massive expansion of the total area under biotech crops in the next few years.
Another 10 countries are likely to begin growing GM crops in the next three years, said ISAAA chairperson Clive James in a webcast news conference this week. About half of those are African nations, plus Bangladesh and Pacific Rim nations Indonesia, the Philippines and Vietnam.
About 40 countries will be growing biotech crops by 2015, they said.
Greenpeace International dismissed the ISAAA report as an exaggeration and noted that 80 per cent of biotech crops are grown in four countries in the Americas. But even if the total area they report is inflated, there is no disputing that biotech has a toehold on every continent.
The approval of genetically modified rice in China and on the Pacific Rim marks a fundamental shift in the battle over biotech foods from commodity crops that are mostly invisible to consumers to whole foods that are eaten directly.
Nearly all the biotech crops grown in the world are for industrial uses in packaged foods, fuel and animal feed, said biotech opponent Lucy Sharratt of the Canadian Biotechnology Action Network.
“Most of the GM crops in the world are made for the convenience of farmers who are growing highly industrialized, corporatized crops like cotton, corn, canola and soy,” they said.
The preservatives, sweeteners, stabilizers, oils and starches derived from GM corn, canola and soy can be found in the vast majority of packaged foods at the supermarket. Snack foods, margarine, cakes, cookies, soft drinks, crackers, recipe mixes, ketchup and almost any product with more than three ingredients is likely to contain GM foods.
You can't see them on your plate. And you have to be very clever at reading labels to detect them.
Recognize vegetable protein, HFCS, ascorbate, phytic acid or modified food starch? What about lactic acid, lysine, oleic acid, maltodextrin or xanthan gum? I didn't think so.
But just because we are all eating biotech foods doesn't mean we like it, Sharratt said.
Sharratt maintains that a new battle line is being drawn by consumers who, according to public opinion polling, are generally opposed to biotech foods. Most people simply will not buy genetically modified whole foods such as salmon, pork, sweet corn or tomatoes. And gardeners show no interest in GM seeds for home use.
India has already rejected eggplant engineered to produce its own insecticide and China is facing some civil opposition to biotech rice, they said. Genetically modified tomatoes made it to stores in the United States, but have since disappeared from the market.
“New people join this fight every day, people who are scandalized to learn that they have been eating GM foods without knowing it,” Sharratt said. “There's no labelling of GM foods in Canada and that's a huge problem.”
I've been an avid follower of the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 lunar landing this week. Although it's a bit on the side of what I usually write about, I want to celebrate this great leap by taking a look at the cameras Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins used to take those iconic pictures from the Moon and of our Earth.
The still photographs from the 1969 lunar landing have become part of the collective human memory. Few photos carry the same iconic status as the first pictures of human beings on another celestial object. But few have given any thought to how the astronauts managed to take those beautiful photos with their bulky helmets and gloves.
Ever since astronaut Walter Schirra brought along their private Hasselblad 500C on the Mercury 8 mission in 1962, NASA had been working with Hasselblad to make cameras suitable for space missions. It was in fact not until NASA saw the quality of Schirra's photos, they realized the importance of documenting their missions with photographs.
On the Apollo 8 mission, Hasselblad 500 EL electric cameras were used for the first time. This was used on Apollo 9 and 10 too, before two were brought along for the Apollo 11 mission. The 500 EL had an electric motor that wound the film and tensioned the shutter. The camera was supplied with two lenses, a Zeiss Planar ƒ/2.8 / 80 mm normal lens and a Zeiss Sonnar ƒ/5.6 / 250 mm telephoto lens. On Apollo 11 these cameras were used to take pictures from inside the Command/Service Module and the Lunar Module. For the surface shots, however, a special version of the 500 EL was designed – the 500 EL Data Camera.
This camera had to work in the extreme conditions of space, with vacuum and temperatures varying from 120° C in the sun to minus 65° C in shadow. The camera was painted silver to make it more resistant to the variations in temperature. Conventional lubricants had to be eliminated as they would boil off in the vacuum of space. It was fitted with a Zeiss Biogon ƒ/5.6 / 60 mm wide-angle lens and a polarizing filter, which reduces reflections.
It also had a glass plate with engraved grid-aligned crosses (Reseau plate) fitted close to the film plane. These crosses were recorded on every photo as a means to measure angular distances between objects in the frame. The same method was used in aerial photography at the time.
When on the lunar surface, the camera was mounted on a bracket on the chest of the astronaut's space suit. This both provided some support to the camera, and made it possible to manipulate the rings and levers with both hands. A trigger was fitted under the camera to make it easier to fire (see photo of Aldrin below).
All the Hasselblad cameras were medium format cameras, using 70 mm film loaded in magazines.
Exposure
The cameras did not have any light metering or automatic exposure. Based on experimentation on earlier Apollo missions, exposure settings for the different kinds of expected lighting conditions were worked out in advance. The guidelines were printed for the astronauts on the top of the Hasselblad film magazines (shown below). The shutter speed was set to 1/250, and the f-stop recommendations were ƒ/5.6 for objects in shadow and ƒ/11 for objects in the sun. For some of the more important photographs, the astronauts utilized exposure bracketing, varying the exposures one stop up and/or down from the recommended setting, to ensure a good result.
Focus
The focusing system was similar to a lot of consumer compact cameras of the era. The f-stop was kept relatively high (the lowest being ƒ/5.6). Combined with the wide-angle lens (60 mm) this results in a relatively large depth of field (increasing with increasing f-stops). This meant the astronauts only had to get the focusing distance approximately right to get a sharp image. Instead of an infinitely variable focus ring, it was divided into three preset positions: near, medium and far. Although not extremely accurate, it did the job. I have an old Kodak compact camera with this system myself, and it works surprisingly well.
Framing
The 500 EL Data Cameras did not have a viewfinder, as the astronaut's helmets restricted movement too much for it to be useful. Instead the lens was fitted with a simple sight that the astronauts used to point the camera in the right direction. This is of course not a very accurate method, so the astronauts were trained in pointing the camera all through the preparations for the mission. They would bring along cameras for simulations, take photographs and review them afterwards. The crew was even encouraged to bring along Hasselblad cameras on private trips to familiarize themselves with the equipment and perfect aiming the camera.
In a passage sited on the Apollo Lunar Surface Journal, Apollo 12 astronauts Charles Conrad and Al Bean comments on the camera training:
Conrad – “(…) One of the things was setting the camera deal; we had the three (focus) distances. And what we did was actually take pictures to calibrate ourselves. They developed that film in training to make sure we stood the right distance.” Bean – “We had to point that (chest-mounted) camera without a viewfinder. (But) we didn't miss a (single) one on the Moon, I don't think.” Conrad – “Yeah, and it was due to the training. We really worked hard at learning to estimate by eye what the camera settings had to be.” Bean – “The first ones (we took in training) weren't very good. But on the Moon, they were all good. So we really had learned in training how to do it by using real film, having it developed, having it debriefed. I think that's why the photography got better with each mission, in general. Because the photographers would impart the (experience gained on a mission) to the next crew and help them be better. So they did get better. And I thought the photography did too.”
Even though they were trained, the “sight-and-shoot” method of course resulted in a lot of sub-optimal framing. This is apparent in the original, uncropped version of one of the most famous photos from the lunar landing (below). On other, more published versions of this photo, the horizon have been corrected and more black space added above Aldrin's head (e.g. this version).
It's been speculated if it was a deliberate decision by NASA to let Armstrong take most of the photos, and so give Aldrin, forever the second man on the moon, a bigger place in the limelight. Whatever is true, Aldrin themselves states that Armstrong simply was a much better photographer than himself.
A total of 1407 exposures was made during the Apollo 11 mission, on 9 magazines of film. 857 black & white photos and 550 color photos. Only the film magazines were brought back from the moon. 12 Hasselblad cameras were left behind on the lunar surface during the Apollo program.
All photographs related to the Apollo program, from both training and missions, are available with annotations at the Apollo Image Gallery. For more space photos, check out the Great Images in NASA (GRIN) image library.
Sources:
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Ed Rogers says that Rep. Paul Ryan is the man to watch.  They are a good one to watch, all right, but not because they will be successful. Rather, they should be studied for a lesson in how the GOP isn't learning its lessons properly.
President Obama chose Ryan of all House members last week to have lunch with. I think the president admires Ryan's seriousness of purpose. I think they see some of themselves in them for the lack of self-consciousness, the willingness to take a stand among elders in the party and the determination to have an impact on policy.
But it is also clear that Obama is just reeling Ryan in for the game. By paying so much attention to Ryan, we are once again reminded of just how miserably unpopular the policies of this budget chairperson are with the American people and how soundly they have been rejected. Now Ryan is renewing their push — not with a changed perspective based on six months of criss-crossing the country — but with the same policies that have already been rejected by the voters.
The economy is moving again. The Dow is showing record growth and CEO pay is at an all-time high. The private sector is hiring at a more clipped pace than it has in six years. Interest rates remain low and capital investment is increasing. In fact the only drag on unemployment figures are the continuing losses of public sector jobs, important middle class jobs such as teachers and park rangers and postal workers.
So where will the budget committee chairperson's new/old proposal slash the most spending and hurt the most people? Whether it is proposals to deprive hard-working, taxpaying Americans of their retirement benefits, cuts in education assistance, child care health-care services or eliminating banking regulations that protect poor consumers, the Ryan budget is a literal assault on the middle class. The very poor fare even worse as the budget reduces Medicaid and food stamps.
Oh, and the most salient point? The member of congress does all this slashing and burning of the poor and middle class while offering the wealthy another tax cut.
Yes, this is the strategy that failed Mitt Romney and Ryan in November. 2012 voters rejected the policies that divide the rich against the poor and balance the federal budget on the backs of those most vulnerable. It would be easy to gloat and predict that repeating the same mistakes will result in similarly unsuccessful electoral outcomes. But if there is a chance that Ryan is successful this time, the benefit of politics is nowhere near worth the price to the poor it will cost.
The Coalition MP tasked with tackling Australia's housing affordability problems has said a "highly paid job" is the "first step" to owning a home.
The federal Victorian MP Michael Sukkar, who is the Assistant Minister to the Treasurer and has been charged with finding solutions to the country's housing affordability woes, also pointed to their own experience in purchasing two properties by the age of 35 as an example to struggling homebuyers.
"We're also enabling young people to get highly paid jobs which is the first step to buying a house, it's not the only answer but it's the first step," Mr Sukkar told Sky News on Monday night.
"I want to see young people like me, leave university, I was a terrible university student but I left university because the economy was so good, I got a great start and I was able to forge a career," they said.
A 36-year-old father with a troubled past has been identified as the man who was gunned down in an Iris Street parking lot Monday night.
As investigators took video and combed the crime scene for evidence Tuesday, police identified the dead man as Esmail Sharifi.
Authorities responded to reports of gunfire at the strip mall in the Pinecrest area around 9:30 p.m. and found the critically injured Sharifi, who a business owner reported had stumbled toward a restaurant seeking help.
Paramedics began “aggressive” treatment as they were raced to the trauma unit at the Civic Campus of The Ottawa Hospital but they later died of their injuries.
The deadly incident was the most serious of three shootings in a span of 24 hours in the capital, including a shooting that left a man in critical condition Tuesday.
Two tow trucks were seen being removed from the Iris Street parking lot Monday night while a dozen other vehicles remained behind police tape through the night.
Police did not release any details about Sharifi but court documents show they were sentenced to penitentiary time in 2012 for crimes including trafficking more than a kilogram of cocaine five years earlier. He'd been swept up in an Ottawa police probe after earlier brushes with the law.
The judge noted evidence that Sharifi had been an addict since the age of 15 who'd dealt drugs to satisfy their own addiction but still had “overwhelming” family support, with their wife, who was expecting their first child, along with both parents, siblings and cousins on hand in the courtroom.
Sharifi had not faced criminal charges since.
At the scene of the shooting Monday, Ottawa police duty Insp. John Medeiros said the incident did not involve any of the nearby businesses.
Big Rig Kitchen and Brewery owner Jimmy Zourntos said they were “shocked and saddened” by the shooting.
“We are thankful to our staff for their response to a 36-year-old man, who ran to Big Rig … in search of help,” Zourntos said on Facebook, adding that they also took “the time to speak with every patron to ensure their safety in the midst of the emergency.”
They also applauded an off-duty police officer who happened to be dining with their girlfriend at the establishment “for managing the scene with the utmost of professionalism — providing reassurance to all.”
As business owners and staff waited on the sidewalk before reopening Tuesday morning, police vehicles lined Iris Street and guarded the edges of the mall as officers processed evidence at what police called a large crime scene. Yellow evidence markers were visible in front of a vaping shop at the east end of the mall and a winemaking store several storefronts down.
Super Vacs owner Tyler Whitham said it was a surprise to hear about gunfire in the busy area.
“Horrible things do happen, but I think this was a completely isolated incident,” Whitham said.
Christine Karam, who works at a hair salon in the plaza, was worried that violence had struck so close to home.
“It's right where I work; there are kids and families,” they said, pointing to the quiet streets south of the plaza. “It's crazy.”
It was Ottawa's 10th homicide of the year.
Elsewhere Monday night, shots were fired in the Heron Park area in what witnesses reported was a dispute between people in two cars. There were no reported injuries.
And, on Tuesday a young man was in critical condition after being shot on Grenon Avenue, near Michele Park and close to Carling Avenue.
Police were asking that anyone with information to contact the major crime squad at 613-236-1222, ext. 5493. Anonymous tips can be made to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS) or by downloading the Ottawa police app.
If the Seattle Sounders are going down, at least they're going down with a fight. Now that doesn't necessarily mean they'll be pouring in goals, but Seattle is bringing the fight to Real Salt Lake in a more literal fashion. It hasn't taken long for tempers to boil over, spurned on by a bit of rough play early at CenturyLink Field.
So far, we've seen Fredy Montero beaten around and two others -- Alvaro Fernandez and Brad Evans -- have to come off with injury. It's been physical, and on the rain-soaked field in Seattle the play is a recipe for disaster.
Yet the most questionable play of the night probably came from Erik Friberg. Tired of a stall tactic, Friberg stomped up to a RSL player and took matters into their own hands, shoving their opponent off the ball. And yet, no card!
via gif.mocksession.com
Just wait for the hockey fight to break out later.
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Hundreds of needy South Floridians were disappointed to learn Friday that a truck loaded with Christmas turkeys to be donated by boxing promoter Don King had been hijacked.
Don King's spokesperson Robert Weneck said the truck full of 2,000 turkeys bound for South Florida went missing over night. The truck was found abandoned near Pompano Beach sometime Friday morning, according to Weneck.
While the turkeys were still inside, the fowl had to be discarded because nobody was sure whether they'd been temperature-controlled and safe to eat.
“I just hope everything gets better for us,” said Dorothy Clay from Deerfield Beach, who was supposed to receive a turkey. “It's very hard,” they said, wiping a tear from their eye, “it's very hard.”
Don King, a resident of Delray Beach, has been giving away turkeys at Christmas time for years. But unfortunately, hundreds of people in West Palm Beach, Deerfield Beach and Miami came away empty-handed this year.
“They tell me that the truck has been hijacked,” said King, “and that we ain't got no turkeys to give, so we've got to figure out a plan “b” of when we can get a truck.”
There is some good news however. Weneck said a date to replace the turkeys will be determined on Monday.
Image copyright @Nether_Haugh Image caption Mr Challinor said living in the village on the B6809 was "pretty scary".
Residents in a village plagued by a spate of crashes has renewed a warning lives could be lost after the accident toll rose to 24 since January.
Steve Challinor, from Nether Haugh near Rotherham, South Yorkshire, called on the council to "get your finger out before somebody is killed".
Mr Challinor said living in the village on the B6089 was "pretty scary".
Rotherham Council said warnings had been put up and the speed limit reduced from 60 to 40mph on the approach road.
Mr Challinor, chairperson of Nether Haugh Community Partnership, said there had been 24 crashes since January and an action group of local residents had been formed.
In February villagers said 14 crashes had occurred since January.
Insurance problems
The latest crash happened on Wednesday when a car came off the road and ended up in the garden of village resident Ted Grayson.
Mr Grayson said: "Cars keep coming into my garden on a regular basis.
"We've had four this year."
Mr Grayson said they were wary of using the kitchen in their house because of the incidents and they often lay awake thinking "this is the next one".
Image caption Mr Grayson said: "Cars keep coming into my garden on a regular basis."
They said they were unable to get house insurance because of the crashes.
Karl Battersby, of Rotherham Borough Council, said: "We have also received a request from the Nether Haugh residents for a 20mph speed limit together with camera enforcement but unfortunately the site meets neither the criteria for 20mph speed limits nor for fixed safety cameras."
They said the council's accident database recorded only one injury-causing accident up to the end of March.
"The remainder must be damage-only collisions, which are not taken into account in the assessment criteria," they added.
They said the majority of motorists driving through the village do so safely within the current 30mph limit.
FC Bayern München could scarcely have had a more heart-wrenching conclusion to last season, losing on penalties to Chelsea FC in the UEFA Champions League final at their own stadium. Jupp Heynckes, though, is not a man to wallow in disappointment and already has their sights firmly fixed on 2012/13. The venerable coach speaks to UEFA.com about bouncing back, raising spirits and meeting expectations.
UEFA.com: How pleased are you with pre-season so far?
Jupp Heynckes: Things are going rather well considering conditions have not been easy. I have had my entire squad available for one week now, except the injured David Alaba and Rafinha. The lads are working hard and are focused, so there is real competition within the team. I like that, but we still have lots of work to do.
UEFA.com: How have your new signings been accepted within the club?
Heynckes: Our new players – Dante Bonfim, Mario Mandžukić, Xherdan Shaqiri, Claudio Pizarro, Tom Starke and Lukas Raeder – feel very good here. I get the feeling that they like Munich, FC Bayern and their new team.
UEFA.com: What is the mood like at the club?
Heynckes: I hope we can create a spirit of optimism within the team, the entire club and especially among the fans. We haven't won silverware for two years and that is enough. We will do everything to get that final few per cent and then see what happens.
UEFA.com: Before the Bundesliga begins, the first round of the DFB-Pokal takes place from 17 to 20 August. What do you expect from that competition?
Heynckes: Last season we managed to reach the final [where Bayern lost to Borussia Dortmund]. That has to be our goal again. However in this competition, as in the Champions League, you also depend on the draw and on your form on the day. You cannot make up for a bad day or a difficult draw in the next game.
UEFA.com: Who will win the league this term and which team could be the surprise package?
Heynckes: What do you think our fans would say if I said anyone other than FC Bayern? Of course Dortmund are favourites after winning back-to-back titles, but we accept that challenge. I can also see Schalke and Mönchengladbach challenging for the championship again.
UEFA.com: Last season you got to the UEFA Champions League final in your own stadium and lost on penalties. Could that mean heavy legs for the players or extra motivation to take that last step this time?
Heynckes: The Champions League final in Munich has gone, it has to be forgotten. We all had a long break and time to process what happened. Now we are working on new challenges. I am sure we will accept them with enthusiasm and passion.
UEFA.com: What is the minimum goal in this term's UEFA Champions League?
Heynckes: The minimum goal is to have a successful group stage and to reach the round of 16, but that should not be the end of it. Bayern belongs among Europe's four strongest teams and we have to confirm that.
For nearly 2 years I've been fleshing out and supporting this skin, but it still hasn't been made. Riot cant see whats right in front of them.
May we bring Sweet Soapy Demacian Justice.
Unprepared Garen - ( WE HAVE 2000 THUMBS UP! We're done it! )
Now to wait for Riot to make this happen.
This is Garen wearing nothing but a towel around their waist and a shower-cap on their head. Their sword is replaced with a large srubbing brush and they carry a yellow rubber ducky in the other hand which squicks randomly when casting spells. (Suggested by Laundromatic)
In-game when they spin with 'Judgment', soap-suds bubble up. When sprinting with 'Decisive Strike' they leave a trail of bubbles while the speed bonus is active. Their passive also makes bubbles come off him. When Garen hits a target with Demacian Justice the big sword that falls is replaced with a sudden shower of water to cleanse the vile scourge. (As suggested by Kyrrion)
Garen's idle animations could be they scrub their back and under their arms.
Their splash art is them charging out from mid-shower. Holding scrubbing brush in one hand and the other hand wrapping a towel around their waist.
This skin shows that Garen is always ready to fight for justice, no matter what their situation.
548697 538033 539159 538046
723987 539158 554116 573173 629310 646545 700259
One image is only a thumbnail because I dont have the original art works anymore. It was on my old computer, but the computer died about a year and a half ago and for some reason the links were removed by the forum.
As I said, the original thread where it was posted was over one and a half years ago.
Sorry for the inconvenience.*
(A note to Riot)
The people know what they like, and so far, this skin has had all positive responses. Feel free to make this skin whenever you like.
Quote: Tor Turran: I'm envisioning Old Spice Garen.
"Look at your skin, now back to me, now back at your skin, now back to me. Sadly, it isn't me. But you could look like me if you spent 900 rp.
Look down, back up. Where are you? You're in Summoners Rift with the Skin your champ could look like.
What's in your hand? Back at me. I have it. Its a Decisive Strike followed by a Judgement. The Enemy Champion is now dead.
Anything is possible when your champ looks like me and not a lady. I'm in a bush.
Do do doo do doo doo."
Garen in-game Quotes: As suggested by Burstlord
Quote: Burstlord:
Taunts:
- I'm not even wearing armor!!!
- Hit the showers!!!
- And you thought I was Unprepared!!!
- Sorry you'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel. (By PsychoBanana)
Jokes:
- Hello Ladies, look at your skin, now back at me, now back at your skin, now back ay me. Sadly it is not me.
- Fear not ladies, I'm coming
- "I'm back from the little soldier's room!" - By ColeSlawFromKFC
- "Spin to wi-..... OOPS!" (Towel almost falls off) - Posted by LightToasted`
- "You should never underestimate the importance of knowing where ones towel is." - Inspired by Zyquux
In game verbal:
- Hold on, my towel is slipping
- Next time call before you summon
- A moment earlier and we'd be rated M
- Watch the towel!!!
Dance:
Garen pulls out a hair dryer and begins using it on their hair.
Other Animations:
- Whenever Garen comes out of the bushes, (or is spotted when ones come into the bushes), they should be grasping at their towel as if fixing it in place. By Chamenas.
- When you use teleport home a shower curtain comes up around Garen. They then slings their towel over the rail as steam from the shower rises up. Inspired by Azzalin.
Interactions:
Mainly with Katarina. When Garen and Kat are both within view, Katarina can 'wolf-whistle' at Garen as a joke.
Also when Kat kills Garen, they should say: "Tall, Muscular, Exposed......the way I like it." Suggested by OuttaControl56
Lux: Garen... Is that MY TOWEL?! (By SkyfireDragoon )
With Special Thanks to:
Quote: Quote: Iridium Devil: Okay, this might be an obvious question, but if we have RIOT EMPLOYEES wanting this skin, why hasn't Riot made it a skin yet? Is it a legal issue? Because I think any one would sign anything to get their skin made. They could even make it a legendary and earn a ton of money on it. I'd pay for epic shower Garen. It might even make them popular again. Seriously, we need this skin. +(((1000^99)^10)^10) thumbs up for this by the way.
Quote: Iridium Devil: Want. Riot employees want. Fans want. Every one (who isn't demented) wants. Why no made yet riot?
Quote: Daemon: Wow, this has been around longer than Bunny Riven...and still no skin?
Quote: SkyfireDragoon: I've never posted on the forums before this, but I signed in for the first time to say this one thing:
All of my want
Quote: KhaoticGhost: But Garen never takes their armor off. To bathe, they simply walk into a lake, spin-to-win, and walks out all sparkling clean.
Riot Responses
Quote: Riot Taco Storm: I might have to do this for my next cosplay.
Quote: IronStylus: I find this idea endearing, amusing and highly exploitable as future Taco Storm cosplay ;D
Quote: IronStylus: I feel these sentiments. Totally feel them. Totes.
Beauty and its appealing forms are appealing universally =)
Quote: IronStylus: It's ok. I love the gals. If you think about it, in terms of champions and skins I make, I play dress-up with the dolls I create =D
You're in a safe place.
*manliest of bro-hugs*
Quote: Panzerfaust: So... which one are you ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVPmN917zDI )?
Quote: Kry0: This idea is made of a lot of wins.
Quote: Fruitstrike: +1!!!!!!!!!!! Do want!!!!!! ^_^
Quote: RiotJeongal: I think this is a GREAT idea! Just don't do one for Trundle...
Quote: Riot NeuroCat: Riot Please
Quote: Khristophoros: I will buy this
Riot Responses of another Kind: These are responses direct from the Riot staff.
(December 06, 2012)
"Dear Riot,
As you may, or may not, know by now of the Unprepared Garen skin that has been around the community forums for nearly a Year and a half has finally reached 2000 thumbs up by the community.
Now Im not out right saying "make this skin a reality", but the community knows what they like, and with near 900 responses of positive feedback, several of who are Riot staff themselves, it would be crazy NOT to make this.
So I finish by saying, let the dream come true. Make this Year & a half long dream come true for all the girl gamers and guy gamers too (Sometimes guys like sexy man champs too.)
Hope to hear from you soon.
Hobbits."
Quote: (This was their response)
Hello Hobbits,
Thanks for the suggestion. I'll forward this to the design team but I also recommend posting other ideas and suggestions like this on our champion concept forums.These forums are intended to showcase great ideas like this. Riot members are always checking the forums for inspiration on new character elements and you can get helpful feedback and support from your fellow summoners. I'll be sure to submit this.
Warmest Regards,
"You either make dust... or eat dust."
dustbunny
Riot Games Player Support Specialist
December 10, 2012
After a while I decided to see if they had had any progress on the subject.
Jan 19 2013
Hey there, Hobbits again.
I sent an idea here a while back for the Unprepared Garen fan skin and the response I got was great!
Now, excuse me for being curious, but is there any word I could get on the subject? Did the idea really get forwarded to the design team?
Any information would be greatly appreciated by myself and the community backing this concept.
Thanks again,
Hobbits.
Quote: Greetings Summoner,
I have checked your previous request and have seen that it has indeed been forwarded to the design team. Please know that because our teams receive so many feedback reports and skin concepts daily, we are unfortunately unable to respond to every entry individually. This does not mean your suggestion has been overlooked. We are sorry that we are not able to respond to every post.
"Get on my CHOPPER!"
Warmest Regards,
Trickster
Riot Games Player Support Specialist
January 20, 2013
Points of interest:
Also, if anyone wants to draw their own version of this skin, feel free to and post it here. You can be on the Special Thanks list and hopefuly get more attention from Riot. *sign your artworks too to avoid confusion. ty*- Friend & Co-creator of this skin.- Friend & assistant to creator.- For the brilliant Old Spice Garen.- Consistent contribution from the beginning.- From Youtube sends their support.- "Sweet soapy Demacian justice".- "Why hasn't Riot made this skin if they love it so much?"- "Super Awesome General"------- Dialogue.- Dialogue.- Dialogue.- Dialogue.- Dialogue.- Animations.- Their ult is a 'Shower' of water.- Rubber ducky added to other hand.- Kat interaction.------------------------ For a lovely art addition. Garen stepping out of shower.- Another fabulous art work. Loofa Garen.- Another art contribution.- A more "correct" portrayal of Garens hair.- Very nice coloured art.- Another contribution. Similar to mine.- A coloured version of kittytoast's art.- "Put on some clothes!"- Epic pose Garen.- Garen Final.- Happy Birthday!---------------------------------- QA Analyst- Sr. Concept Artist- Emissary of the League- Emissary of the League- Adjudicator- Special Projects Manager- Software Engineer- Global Network Ops Manager- Riot Games Player Support Specialist- Riot Games Player Support Specialist- Associate Business Analyst- The Council------------- ;D - Super Consistent Bumper- ;D- ;D- ;D- ;D- ;D- This skin was first thought of and first posted on September 5th, 2011.- During the creation of the skin, Unprepared Urgot was mentioned. That idea was immediately scrapped and never thought of again. (With good reason)- +2000 thumbs up. Good job.- Did you know that 70% of women enjoy this skin, 20% of men love this skin, and 15% of the other men are in denial about loving this. Where do you sit in these percentages?
The Trump administration on Friday sent nine so-called sanctuary jurisdictions letters demanding they help enforce federal immigration law or risk losing federal grants.
“Failure to comply with this condition could result in the withholding of grant funds, suspension or termination of the grant, ineligibility for future [Office of Justice] grants or subgrants, or other action, as appropriate,” acting Assistant Attorney General Alan R. Harten wrote in letters to local officials.
Harten's letter said the jurisdictions must submit documentation showing that they are in compliance with federal law. Sanctuary cities refuse to assist federal agencies with immigration enforcement.
The jurisdictions included New York City, Chicago and the surrounding Cook County, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Milwaukee, Miami-Dade County in Florida and the state of California, which were all identified in a May 2016 Justice Department inspector general report as in violation.
The report said the jurisdictions have local rules or regulations that interfere with local law enforcement's ability to share information with federal authorities about the immigration status of people in custody.
The Justice Department release sent out along with the letter described the sanctuary jurisdictions targeted as "crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE last month promised a crackdown on sanctuary cities, saying that Justice Department grants won't be provided to them.
Roundtable: The adoptee experience
Daily Circuit Friday Roundtable Daily Circuit illustration Guests Kim Park Nelson: Associate professor of American multicutlural studies at Minnesota State University at Moorhead
Associate professor of American multicutlural studies at Minnesota State University at Moorhead JaeRan Kim: Stability, permanency and adoption coordinator at the Center for Advanced Studies in Child Welfare at the University of Minnesota
Stability, permanency and adoption coordinator at the Center for Advanced Studies in Child Welfare at the University of Minnesota Kelly Fern: Author of 'Songs of My Families'
This week on the Friday Roundtable, we've invited panelists to continue our conversation about adoption that we started on Monday.
During Monday's show, we discussed the drop in international adoptions in Minnesota amid tighter regulations. St. Paul-based Children's Home Society and Family Services hasn't been bringing in enough money to sustain adoption services with the declining numbers, so it is merging the adoption program with Lutheran Social Service.
Adult adoptees have been at the forefront of advocacy for changes that put a child's interest first. We'll discuss how these changes may be contributing to a decline in adoptions.
What are your experiences as an adoptee? Comment on our blog.
Expressing unhappiness over the "prolonged delay" in the investigation of coal scam-related cases by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Supreme Court on Monday said, “it could not be an unending affair.”
"Something has to be done. It can't go on like this," said a bench of Justice Madan B Lokur, Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice A K Sikri reminding the investigating agency that it was supposed to wrap up all the investigations by December 31, 2014 and that now 2015 is going to end.
Noting that a "considerable time has already been taken", the court granted the CBI time till March 31, 2016 and asked it to complete the investigation as early as possible.
The court observation came after the investigating agency sought its nod for relieving one of its senior officers, who is supervising investigations into coal scam-related cases, upon their "prestigious" appointment to the National Defence College.
The court said that such movement of officers from the investigating agency delays the investigation after CBI's counsel Amarendra Sharan tried to impress upon the court that movement of the senior ranking officer for another posting may not affect the pace of investigations.
"It can't go on like this. We are very clear about it. You have to be clear as well," the court the CBI.
Sharan said the investigation was not into the old cases but in the 15 new cases that were taken up later, adding the probe into these case was "very fast".
Meanwhile, the bench was also unhappy with the Directorate of Enforcement's provisional orders for the attachments of properties worth Rs186 crore, Rs 24.5 crore and Rs 2 crore but no complaint has been filed so far in two cases wherein the investigating agency in its progress report till September 11 had said that it would be filing "complaint shortly".
In the third case also it failed to file the complaint.
Sharan told the court that in the first two cases, the complaints was with the special public prosecutor R S Cheema who is heading the prosecution of the coal scam cases by the CBI. They also sought time till end of this month to file a fresh status report.
As they waited for the previews to end, Blake couldn't help but feel like something was… missing.
I know I didn't forget anything. Ruby had triple checked all of their belongings when they took the airbus to the city – so there would be no awkward searching and missing the movie. We even bought the tickets the day before and we got here early… so what is it?
If Blake was being truthful, picking a movie was probably the most cliché thing that Ruby could have possibly picked. Yet, that had been the precise reason that Blake was fine with it; it was something that was very much like Ruby. It's simple; we go to the movies, have a good time, and maybe cuddle and hold hands in the dark. A classic date.
So far, things were moving along well – they'd paid for each other's tickets and food, and were sitting in the back row of the theater. Said theater wasn't too packed so there wasn't any obnoxious crowding or people blocking their view… yet it felt off.
It was something that Blake just couldn't quite figure out. It wasn't until the massive kaiju appeared on the screen that Blake was able to put their finger on what precisely was off.
Blake liked to view themselves as something of a romantic.
Concepts such as soulmates, or that everyone would find their true love in their lifetime were immutable facts to Blake. They believed in love, and great romantic gestures, how the tiniest thing could show just how deeply someone loved their other half.
Perhaps that's why they read so many novels on the subject of romance – where two star-crossed lovers would meet no matter the obstacles standing in their way. They were tales that gave the Blake hope in their own future endeavors, that a life like that was possible for her, even through all the discrimination that they had faced.
Of course, it had happened – they found their companion in the form of Ruby. Ruby was someone they could have fun with, to always find an open ear that'd listen to them The teen was someone that Blake, in turn, had grown to cherish, to want the best for them That maybe, just maybe Ruby might be the person that she'd spend the rest of their days with, that their relationship would go on long after they graduated Beacon. Yet…
Somehow, perhaps because of that, Blake had always imagined their very first date would be something a bit more than going to see a movie.
A dinner at a fine restaurant… something grander.
Yet, because it was Ruby, this was fine. It was exactly the kind of thing that they would do.
As the giant monsters fought on the screen, in the decidedly unromantic monster movie, Blake came to another realization. While it may not have been the height of romantic gestures, this was definitely something both of them enjoyed – it was a moment that just the two of them shared.
Does it really matter what I do for my first date? As long as we have fun and a good time, that's really all that counts, right? Glancing over to Ruby, Blake could see the huge smile etched onto their lips, the poorly CGI'd explosions reflected in their wide, silver eyes... the occasional tightening of their grip around Blake's hand whenever it loosened. Ruby certainly seemed happy.
Maybe I'm just overthinking things? It certainly seemed that way. I suppose it really doesn't matter as long I get to spend it with Ruby.
Slowly, ever so slowly, Blake's free arm went over Ruby's head, as they pulled their girlfriend in close, eliciting a surprised 'eep!" from them
"Psst, Blake."
"Hm?"
"Are you… are you having fun?"
"I'm with you… so I'd say so." Them brow furrowed. "Are you not?"
"Nu-uh… I was just worried… I kinda just picked the first idea that came to mind…"
"I didn't mean to put you on the spot."
"Its fine… want some popcorn?"
"Well, seeing as I'm a bit occupied…" A slight smile creeped up the corners of Blake's lips. "Could you feed me some?"
"So what you're telling me is that you two went to the movies, and saw a monster movie and then came back… that's it?" Yang's voice was filled with incredulity, as Ruby shyly nodded. "You didn't even think of taking them to dinner…?"
Ruby's eyes widened in horror, as they frantically waved their arms around. "Uh, we can still do that!" They grabbed Blake by the hand, only to stop as they glanced at the clock. "Crapbaskets, it's too late for that – the buses stopped running!" Ruby mournfully turned towards Blake. "I'm sorry."
"It's fine Ruby. I had a good time." Blake hugged their girlfriend tightly. "We can always have that be the next date."
The wide smile that Ruby gave them was the perfect way to end the day for Blake.
AU: So, if I'm being completely truthful, I actually really didn't have much in the way for stuff in the first date. It just goes on without a hitch, for the most part.
…what, did you expect me to screw with them or something? What kind of monster do you think I am? (Unrelated chapter 60 review responses)
I know the whole thing I said was once we got to ten reviews, I'd get a chapter out within a week… well, for some reason the last month has been a bit of a creative rut. I've written shockingly little given how much free time I've had as of late. So yeah. I got no excuses.
I'll try and get back to a semi-weekly schedule, but no promises on that front… it's just been hard to write recently D:
Anywho, thank you for reading, I hope everyone has a wonderful day! :D
What Would Happen If I Mixed Vinegar And Hydrogen Peroxide Together? Chemistry You can mix vinegar and hydrogen peroxide easily. Just pour the Vinegar solution to hydrogen peroxide...
What Happens When You Mix Ammonia And Bleach? Chemistry Whenever you mix ammonia and bleach it makes mustard gas. It was first discovered and used in WWI by...
What Happens When Ammonia Is Mixed With Water? Chemistry Ammonia is represented by the formula NH3. It acts as a base when it is dissolved in water and it increases...
What Happens If You Mix Ammonia And Hydrogen Peroxide? Chemistry When ammonia reacts with hydrogen peroxide, nitrogen, water and nitric oxides are formed. This reaction...
What Happens When You Mix Magnesium And Copper Sulphate Together? Chemistry Magnesium is an alkaline metal and its symbol is Mg. The chemical formula for copper sulfate is CuSO4....
What Would Happen If You Mix Vinegar And Milk? Drink It become cheese...
What Happens If You Mix Ammonia With Aluminum Foil? Chemistry It causes an explosion...
What Happens When You Mix Baking Soda And Vinegar And Salt? Chemistry Mixing baking soda and vinegar creates a bubbling effect. If used in a drain, such as a sink, it has...
What Happens If You Mix Iodine And Ammonia? Chemistry When you dissolve iodine into ammonia you will get ammonium triodide, this is an touch sensitive explosive...
Why Search Engines Can't Just 'Fix' Search Results The Way The MPAA/RIAA Want
from the not-that-simple dept
You could just take a list from the RIAA & MPAA of "good sites" and "bad sites." That raises a bunch of problems. Let's just start with antitrust. Two trade associations representing the biggest record labels (who've had antitrust problems in the past) and Hollywood studios giving Google (already under antitrust scrutiny) a list of winners and losers? Er... DOJ on lines one, two and three. No way is that legal.
Even if it was legal, not everyone agrees who is "good" and "bad." It's easy for the RIAA and the MPAA to insist that Megaupload -- for example -- is unquestionably "bad." But... then you have major label artists and super successful indie artists speaking out against the shutdown, pointing out that there were plenty of good things about the service. Why does the RIAA get to decide when some of its own artists feel otherwise?
legal, not everyone agrees who is "good" and "bad." It's easy for the RIAA and the MPAA to insist that Megaupload -- for example -- is unquestionably "bad." But... then you have major label artists and super successful indie artists speaking out against the shutdown, pointing out that there were plenty of good things about the service. Why does the RIAA get to decide when some of its own artists feel otherwise? The RIAA and MPAA don't have a very good history of recognizing a "good" new thing when they see it. In fact, they seem to scream bloody murder (sometimes literally in the case of the VCR) when new useful tools show up. Letting them program Google's search results seems fraught with problems.
If search engines let the RIAA and MPAA program their results to point to "good sites" and suppress "bad sites," where does it stop? For years we've seen lawsuits against Google from companies that don't like how they show up in the search results. Why don't they get to reprogram Google's results too? Or pick any random industry out of a hat. Car dealers? I'm sure when you do a search on a car they want results to point to a "good" local dealer, rather than a "bad" site that tells you how to get a better deal on a car. Imagine having to do that at scale where every industry has its own interpretation. And then what happens when those interpretations conflict?
get to reprogram Google's results too? Or pick any random industry out of a hat. Car dealers? I'm sure when you do a search on a car they want results to point to a "good" local dealer, rather than a "bad" site that tells you how to get a better deal on a car. Imagine having to do that at scale where every industry has its own interpretation. And then what happens when those interpretations conflict? Okay, so if they don't just give Google a list, how does it "know" the "good" sites from the "bad" sites? Again, remember with Megaupload, we've seen plenty of artists say they like the site or its offerings which actually help them make money. Can Google just assume? How? That's not how Google works. If you have any sense of the scale under which any search engine works you know that's an impossible task. There's no way to just know -- especially since sites that are "downgraded" are likely to just set up shop somewhere new and start again. So at scale, the problem becomes even trickier.
the site or its offerings which actually help them make money. Can Google just assume? How? That's not how Google works. If you have any sense of the scale under which any search engine works you know that's an impossible task. There's no way to just know -- especially since sites that are "downgraded" are likely to just set up shop somewhere new and start again. So at scale, the problem becomes even trickier. What if there was a "proxy"? Ok. Like what? DMCA notices? If a site gets lots of DMCA notices, it must be bad, right? Okay, so look at ChillingEffects... and you realize that the sites that get the most DMCA takedowns are sites like Google, Facebook and Twitter. It does't seem like a very good proxy, because sites that are popular get lots of takedowns. It doesn't mean they're "bad."
get lots of takedowns. It doesn't mean they're "bad." An "independent" third party? Who is the third party? How do they take into account the issues above? And, again, if you're doing that for one industry, you'd have to do it for all. And that simply doesn't work at scale.
It's become clear in the past year or so that one key "target" in the legacy entertainment industry's game plan is to force Google to change its search results to have "good sites" rise up and "bad sites" be pushed down. They've been putting pressure on search engines for quite some time now, and have even considered suing Google for not giving it the results they want. Late last year, the RIAA even put out a "report card" in which it complained that Google won't let them program Google's results for everyone else.This whole focus is a dumb idea for a few reasons. Mostly it's dumb because it (again) misdiagnoses the problem. It assumes, for example, that the reason that people go to file sharing sites is because the results top Google. But that's rarely the case. In fact, if you do searches for various tracks or movies, you'll almost always find legitimate results at the top already. The "issue" comes up when people do those searches in combination with "free" or something along those lines. But, by that point (in, but not, cases) the industry has already lost those folks. At that point it's likely that theythey're looking for an unauthorized version, so seeing a more "legitimate" result at the top of the results isn't likely to make much of a difference.Even if we assume that the industry's theory that Google is magically driving total rubes to unauthorized sites when they really wanted expensive, inconvenient, DRM-laden, limited pay sites, the simple fact is thatto "fix" the search results. In many ways this is similar (or perhaps it's just another version of the same exact thing) of the industry talking about how it's "easy" for ISPs, online service providers and everyone else to "just know" when a song or video is infringing -- but then are so confused that they sue over videos they themselves uploaded. Knowing whether or not something is infringing is not as easy as the industry insists.Similarly, knowing what's a "good" site and a "bad" site isn't so easy either. How would you approach it?In the end, I can't actually see any way that Google can do what the industry wants. I know that someone in the comments below will link to some random site and say something to the effect of "how can Google say this site is legit?!?!" but that ignores how Google actually works. It's an algorithm. It doesn't look at sites like a human does. At scale there's simply no way that Google can have a human check each of the sites in its index.The problem is that Google. It's designed to provide people. Those may be two different things. Google's algorithm does try to give users the "best" result for what they're looking for, and quite frequently that is the legitimate, authorized offering, but it's not always so easy there. iTunes sales are mostly done through iTunes' software, rather than on the web, which makes it difficult for Google to track link popularity there. Amazon music and movie sales often initiate from Amazon's own search, rather than Google -- so, again, Google has fewer data to work with.Furthermore, if someone does a search for the name of a movie plus "download" when that movie isn't available for download, what is Google supposed to do, exactly? If the movie industry weren't so obsessed with release windows , Google could point people to the authorized download. But without that, how is it supposed to do that? If there is no authorized download, it's going to try its best, and sometimes that's going to be to an unauthorized source.In the end, for those who keep insisting that this is somehow an obvious solution, and complaining that Google isn't helping, I'm wondering if you can actually explainit can do a better job, because the more I think through it, the less I think it's even remotely possible for Google to do what the industry wants.
Filed Under: antitrust, bad sites, copyright, fix, good sites, results, search
Companies: google, mpaa, riaa
Media ignores Paul's service record and fact they have most donations from military
Steve Watson
Prison Planet
In a forthcoming event dubbed “Ron Paul Is The Choice Of The Troops”, thousands of veterans and active duty military personnel are expected to march on the White House in support of the Texas Congressman's presidential bid.
The event, to be held on President's Day, February 20th, is being organized by activist group Veterans for Ron Paul 2012, co-founded by Adam Kokesh, Iraq war veteran turned activist and talk show host.
In a press release, Kokesh announced that the march will progress from the Washington Monument to the White House, where those taking part will salute a “folded American flag […] for as many seconds as troops have died under the Presidency of Barack Obama.”
“The purpose of this event is to make it clear to the American people that Ron Paul is the choice of the troops and the candidate who will have the greatest support from those they would lead as commander-in-chief.” writes Kokesh.
“This is already evidence by the fact that Ron Paul has received more campaign contributions from active duty service members than all other presidential candidates combined, INCLUDING Barack Obama.”
This statistic was once again confirmed last week with figures showing Paul has collected $95,567 from individuals who listed their occupation as one of the branches of the US military or US Department of Defense.
Donor Obama Romney Gingrich Paul Santorum National Guard $1,262 $0 $0 $4,068 $0 US Air Force $9,785 $4,400 $4,400 $23,736 $0 US Army $15,600 $3,500 $250 $24,503 $250 US Coast Guard $6,002 $0 $0 $3,716 $0 US Dept of Defense $27,613 $2,150 $0 $9,527 $0 US Marine Corps $1,700 $250 $0 $7,662 $0 US Military $200 $0 $0 $2,083 $0 US Navy $10,454 $3,000 $250 $20,272 $500 TOTAL $72,616 $13,300 $4,900 $95,567 $750
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
The latest analysis from the Center for Responsive Politics updates previous figures to cover the period between January to September 2011, and will be further updated to include the fourth quarter after the candidates file their year-end reports on Jan. 31.
The mainstream media often glosses over or completely ignores these facts. Indeed, following Sunday's debate in New Hampshire, MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell touted John Huntsman's military “credentials” after Huntsman noted that they had two sons actively serving in the Navy.
O'Donnell incorrectly stated that no other GOP candidate had served, completely ignoring the fact that Ron Paul served as a flight surgeon in the United States Air Force from 1963 to 1965 and then in the United States Air National Guard from 1965 to 1968.
When Ed Shultz attempted to correct O'Donnell by pointing out Paul had served their country, O'Donnell cut them off and ignored him.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample Adam Kokesh notes that the organizers of next month's march for Ron Paul will require proof of service from current or former military personnel who want to participate in the march. Family members will be invited to march behind the formation of service members, while supporters are encouraged to line the route to the White House. For more information about the event, please contact Veterans for Ron Paul 2012 at [email protected] or see the facebook event here. Kokesh delivered a rousing speech in support of Ron Paul, close to the site of Saturday's GOP debate in New Hampshire. Watch the entire speech below: Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.net, and Prisonplanet.com. They have a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham in England. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
The Lizard Squad hackers' group has claimed responsibility for Tuesday's outage on Facebook and Instagram. Facebook officials, however, denied it was a hack attack, saying it occurred after they introduced a change affecting configuration systems.
READ MORE: Facebook, Instagram both down briefly on Tuesday, internet users freak out
“Facebook, Instagram, Tinder, AIM, Hipchat #offline #LizardSquad,” the group tweeted.
The networking sites were unavailable from 06:00 GMT for about 40-60 minutes.
The map was released on social media showing the alleged DDOS attack worldwide. The main targets are the US, Russia, Taiwan and the Netherlands. The origins of the hack are found in the US, China and the Netherlands.
Lizard Squad, a black hat hacking group, came under spotlight on Monday after the hackers claimed responsibility for the attack of website of Malaysia Airlines.
“More to come soon. Side note: We're still organizing the @MAS email dump, stay tuned for that,” the group tweeted recently, apparently meaning that they are not done with the Malaysia Airlines website.
READ MORE:Malaysia Airlines website ‘Hacked by Cyber Caliphate'
Lizard Squad earlier claimed responsibility for hacking the Sony PlayStation Network and Microsoft's Xbox Live network in December.
Facebook issued a statement about the outage, saying that their engineers had “identified the cause of the outage and recovered the site quickly.”
“You should now see decreasing error rates while our systems stabilize. We don't expect any other break in service. I'll post another update within 30 mins. Thank you for your patience,” the statement said.
A Facebook spokesperson, however, denied that the outage was caused by a hack.
"This was not the result of a third party attack but instead occurred after we introduced a change that affected our configuration systems. We moved quickly to fix the problem, and both services are back to 100 percent for everyone," the company said in a statement emailed to CNBC.
At the moment it is difficult to say whether the attack was carried out from outside or “it was really an internal configuration like Facebook claims,” Bruno Kramm, chairperson of the Pirate Party (Berlin branch), told RT.
“Facebook always needs to keep the trust of the users [of] the network, therefore it sounds much better to the users that it had been an internal mistake, internal error instead of an attack, as Facebook [has] a lot of private information of users and they should be safe due to safety regulations. It's really important that everything keeps inside Facebook. Therefore they are afraid that it would come up that it was really an attack from outside,” they told RT.
HTC is to continue making phones for the foreseeable future, despite a new report from sources close to HTC who claim the company is preparing to sell its phone business.
A spokesperson for HTC told TechRadar, “HTC strongly denies this rumor”.
The claim began from a Chinese source who spoke with Chinese site MyDrivers, stating that the company wanted to drop out of the phone business so it won't bankrupt itself.
It would suggest HTC would be focusing on other projects, such as the HTC Vive.
Not giving up
HTC has had a tough few years financially - the latest report in May said the company had dropped 64% of its sales in only a year.
The rumored sale suggested the co-founder and chair of HTC, Cher Wang, would be ready to make the sale in spring next year, which would have meant we wouldn't see any news phones from the company in 2017.
Whatever the case, HTC is firmly denying it will be selling its phone business in the near future, meaning we could still be on course to see the launch of the HTC 11 next March.
Plus HTC just launched a new slightly-less-impressive version of the HTC 10 called the HTC Bolt in the US. So it doesn't look like the company is giving up just yet.
Tory MP says number of old Etonians in government is due to other schools not having same 'commitment to public service'
An attempt by one of David Cameron's policy advisers to defend the number of old Etonians in government backfired when they were lampooned by headteachers for claiming that Eton was better than other schools at promoting a "commitment to public service".
Jesse Norman, the Tory MP for Hereford and South Herefordshire, themselves an old Etonian, suggested on Saturday that its pupils received the best grooming for office because of the values the school instils in them. "Other schools don't have the same commitment to public service. They do other things," said Norman, who was one of two old Etonians to be promoted to top policy roles by Cameron last week.
They added: "It's one of the few schools where the pupils really do run vast chunks of the school themselves. So they don't defer in quite the same way; they do think there's the possibility of making change through their own actions."
The remarks met with incredulity among heads in the state sector. Joan McVittie, headteacher of Woodside High School in Haringey, north London, who was made a dame in the last New Year honours list, said: "I have never heard such nonsense in all my life.
"I think the gentleman should go into a state school and see what work young people there do on school councils, the voluntary work they are involved in and what they do in the community. They seem to think that all we poor people do in our state schools is sat and work for our exams and that we have no time to do good in the community.  They are talking complete and utter rubbish."
Mike Griffiths, headteacher of Northampton School for Boys, and currently president of the Association of School and College Leaders, said they found the comments "slightly ridiculous" and "rather tiresome". "I am not sure their views really correspond with reality when you think them through," they said. "I have not heard of many old Etonians becoming social workers because they are so wedded to the idea of public service, have you?
"Is they saying that things like fagging and bullying that went on at Eton are good for developing leadership?"
From the private sector, Anthony Seldon, the master of Wellington College, said: "Eton, in fact, is not the only school that teaches public service and character. It is something that can and should be taught in all schools, state and private."
Seldon said the government that Norman was speaking for was placing too much emphasis on exams and too little on values such as public service and the building of character. "Success in life is about so much more than exam results," they said.
Norman praised the way Eton focused on old-fashioned subjects. "Things like rhetoric and poetry and public speaking and performance are incredibly important to young people succeeding in life," they said.
The other Old Etonian promoted last week by Cameron was Jo Johnson, brother of the mayor of London, Boris Johnson. Jo was made head of the No 10 policy unit .
Norman added: "I didn't know any of the people at the top of government when I was at school. I did know Boris. They were a couple of years below me. But then everyone knew Boris. They were a rather distinctive figure. Jo is much younger. I knew Cameron's brother slightly, but they aren't in my year."
Whoa. Didn't see that announcement coming.
EA and Respawn Studios, the developers behind Titanfall and Titanfall 2, have just announced that they're working on a third person action adventure Star Wars game. No details about the game were released at the time of this writing, but Stig Asmussen is leading a new team at Respawn Studios on the project. Asumussen was the Creative Director of God of War 3.
You can read the full announcement post by following the link. It is not clear at this time whether Respawn's Star Wars game will be a single player or multiplayer game. However, since it has been described as a third person action adventure game, we're going to assume it's a single player focused title.
Feel free to speculate about what Respawn might be working on in the comments section. Don't expect to see anything about this newly announced project at E3 this year, however.
Stay tuned for further updates on Respawn's Star Wars project as we have them. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to keep up to date with all the latest announcements.
Chinese fakeaway: How the world's most famous buildings - and even whole cities - are being cloned in the Far East
Brit architect Zaha Hadid planning legal action over knock-off development
Copies include an Eiffel Tower i n Tianducheng and Thames Town in Shanghai
Replica of the Ronchamp Chapel in France was demolished after outcry
Copy of the Austrian Alpine town of of Hallstatt sprung up in Huizhou city
Some of the world's leading architects are up in arms as yet more copies of famous Western buildings spring up across in China at an unprecedented rate.
Famous clones have already included the Ronchamp Chapel in France, the Eiffel Tower in Paris - and the entire town of Hallstatt in Austria.
Now British architect Zaha Hadid said they plan to take legal action after their eye-catching Wangjing Soho development in Beijing appears to have been replicated by what they calls 'pirate architects', in the city of Chongqing.
Carbon copy: Part of Hiuzhou city has been deliberately constructed to resemble the Austrian town of Hallstatt
The real thing: The genuine Austrian town which has been ripped off by the Chinese
Hadid had initially appeared relaxed about the idea of look-a-like buildings suggesting it would be 'quite exciting' if the cloned showed innovative mutations of the originals.
However they added: 'It is fine to take from the same well, but not from the same bucket.'
Lawyer Nigel Calvert told the Guardian: 'We will be demanding that the copycats immediately cease construction, change the exterior of the building, offer a public apology and provide compensation.'
Incredibly the cloned version in Chongqing could be completed before the original. The developers have maintained the innocence claiming that the shape of their building had been inspired by cobblestones on the Yangtze River and not by Hadid's creation in Beijing.
According to Shanghai-based lawyer You Yunting, Hadid stands a good chance of receiving compensation but it is unlikely they will see the knock-off buildings torn down.
In the northern Chinese city of Tianjin a 15th century fishing village has been all but bulldozed to make way for a replica Manhattan complete with Rockefeller and Lincoln centres and even a Hudson River Epic project: However the Chinese have some way to go before competing with the original Manhattan skyline They told German newspaper Der Spiegel: 'Even if the judge rules in favour of Soho, the court will not force the defendant to pull the building down.' One rip-off which did get a demolition order was the shameless copy of Corbusier's Ronchamp chapel in France. The replica version popped up in Zhengzhou capital of the northern central Henan province in the late 1990s but was torn down after a furious response by the Corbusier foundation.
And if the French were upset about Ronchamp, one can only imagine the outrage felt in some sectors of Paris when a replica of the Eiffel Tower suddenly appeared in Tianducheng on the outskirts of Hangzhou in east China's Zhejiang Province. Another hilarious example is a version of London's iconic Tower Bridge which has been built in the city of Suzhou in the east of China.
The Chinese model has twice as many towers as the original version spanning the River Thames but lacks the drawbridge mechanism. It does however boast a cafe selling 'English-style coffee'. In an attempt to explain the reasoning behind the copycat buildings, archeologist Jack Carlson believes that far from simply mimicking Western landmarks to appear more cultured, they are in fact an attempt to assert China's global supremacy. The iconic Tower Bridge is another landmark that has been recreated with a look-a-like version popping up in the city of Suzhou in Jiangsu province Unlike the original (pictured) the Chinese version of Tower Bridge lacks a raising mechanism
Original: The Ronchamp chapel in France designed by celebrated architect Charles-Édouard Jeanneret, better known as Le Corbusier
Knock-off: The copy that appeared in Zhengzhou capital of the northern central Henan province was torn down after a furious response by the Corbusier foundation
Rip-off: The Eiffel Tower (left) has been cloned on the outskirts of Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province (right)
They write in Foreign Policy magazine: 'The ancient parallels for these copycat projects suggest that they are not mere follies but monumental assertions of China's global primacy.'
Mr Carlson points to ancient Chinese historian Sima Qian who noted that China's first ruling dynasty the Qin would commission replicas of the palaces and halls of the territories it conquered.
Sadly in some instances it appears the race to mimic the West is coming at the cost of China's own heritage.
In the northern Chinese city of Tianjin a 15th century fishing village has been all but bulldozed to make way for a replica Manhattan complete with Rockefeller and Lincoln centres and even a Hudson River.
The phenomenon of the Chinese copycat buildings is far from new. 'Thames Town', about 19 miles from central Shanghai, a replica of a small town complete with mock-Tudor buildings and UK style red phone boxes, opened in 2006.
It even boasts replica members of the Queen's guard on patrol and statues of Winston Churchill and Harry Potter.
Traditional buildings were copied and pubs and shops were imitated in an attempt to recreate the British way of life.
Developers even fashioned a artificial river to replicate the Thames.
At the time James Ho, the head of one of the companies behind the development, Shanghai Hengde Real Estate, said: 'I wanted the properties to look exactly the same as those in the United Kingdom.
'I think English properties are very special.
'When we decide to learn from others, we should not make any improvements or changes.'
Pirate building: Architect Zaha Hadid said they plan to take legal action after this building which bears suspicious similarities to their Wangjing Soho Building appeared in the City of Chongqing
Spot the difference: The original Wangjing Building in Beijing designed by British architect Zaha Hadid and below the cloned version in the City of Chongqing
However, a development which was designed to house about 10,000 people has not proved as popular as hoped.
Reports claim only a 'handful' of people live there, but the place does attract tourists wishing to take pictures of its English-style architecture.
But the most famous example of Chinese architects ripping off the West is the replica town of Hallstatt, the UNESCO-listed Austrian resort. Welcome which sprung up in Huizhou city in Southern China. No expense has been spared. The original Alpine buildings have been copied and reproduced with startling precision. Horse-drawn carriages and flocks of white doves will be imported to lend authenticity. The prices are amazing, too: a new villa here built in the style of a 300-year-old lakeside home is being offered at between £200,000 and £500,000, higher than the real thing in Austria.
When first starting out in the fish keeping hobby, those who do the proper research can find that the requirements of things to do prior to being able to actually enjoy your tank can pile up quickly.
Why keep fish?
What kind of equipment should I buy?
What is the best type of substrate to use?
Where can I find quality decorations for the inside of the tank?
What is the best temperature for my tank to be set at, based on the species of fish?
to be set at, based on the species of fish? How do I cycle my tank?
What is "new tank syndrome" and how do I fix it?
What fish are suitable for my tank?
These are all common questions asked by most newcomers to the fish keeping hobby. An online forum community can often make finding answers to these questions and much less stressful process. You may even make some friends along the way!
In this hub I will include the site that I know of and have used, and what their best features are. Note that there are many others out there that I have looked at and have quite frankly found them full of unhelpful people and "trolls."
Deus Ex: Revision, a visual and aural overhaul of the great Ion Storm RPG/shooter, is slowly but surely approaching release. In the December update, the development team said it hopes to have the game ready for launch within the next ten weeks, which, assuming it isn't turned loose unexpectedly early, pegs it somewhere near the end of February.
The funny thing about Deus Ex is that in spite of the extraordinarily (and well-deserved) high regard in which it's held, it was actually pretty ugly, even when it was new. The Revision project is intended to rectify that weakness with "new level design, aesthetic direction and world-building detail." The update will feature new textures and models, as well as optional support for the Shifter and BioMod mods, and Chris Donhal's Direct3D 9 renderers.
"We're aiming to wrap up production, and ideally, launch sometime within the next ten weeks," the team wrote in the update, posted on December 9. "As before, this is a loose estimate based on current progress and team member availability, and until environment design is finished, it will remain difficult for us to commit to a fixed launch date. In other words, we won't know when we will release until we're nearly ready to do so."
The mod will also come with its own soundtrack, and a link to one of the new songs was posted with the update. It's pretty good, but in a nod to the quality of the original—which was really good—the new music will be optional: Players can choose to listen to either the new or the old soundtrack as they untangle the vast web of conspiracies that has enmeshed the dangerous world of the near future.
Enemy Within Conversation - Mod DB
El Topo is also Jodorowsky's strange love letter to the Spaghetti Western. There is one scene that is reminiscent of the legendary three-way stand-off at the climax of Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly — released a few years before, 1966 — where El Topo faces up against three bandits responsible for a dreadful massacre. Like Leone, Jodorowsky uses a collage of increasingly more extreme close-ups of the gunslingers' faces to ramp up the tension, but unlike Leone, who has Ennio Morricone's classic score pulsating underneath the action, Jodorowsky utilises the slow, high-pitched squeal of a deflating balloon to echo the unspoken countdown that builds up to the quickdraw. It is a remarkably surreal scene — one that does not match up to Leone's stylistic craft and innovation — but one that is able to rely on its own dramatic absurdity to succeed.
It is these absurd incongruities that make up most of the film's kaleidoscopic mosaic of symbols and metaphors. El Topo owes as much to Leone as it does to the great surrealists, Buñuel and Dali. A head picture designed for those film fanatics who were spirituality awoken in the 60s. There is always something unexpected in the surrealist set-pieces, such as each of the duels with the four masters of the universe. Resonant images — such as a symbiosis between a person without arms and another without legs who are strapped behind, acting as the other's arms — are done with vibrant imagination. In the vision of Jodorowsky, the desert — the archetypal setting of the Western — becomes a dreamscape, more in the manner of Dali's most famous paintings than the iconic images of John Ford's American fantasies. Jodorowsky continues the Western tradition of a central conflict between man and nature, both literally and figuratively, and it is this journey of self-discovery that is played out upon the sandswept surrealist stage. At one point, El Topo (or Jodorowsky?) proclaims: “I am God!” Later on, they retract this statement: “I am not a god. I am a man.” The themes of the Western are presented as an echoic hallucinogenic trip where the boundary between man and nature begin to blur. It becomes unclear where El Topo's internal struggle begins, and the desert ends.
There are a lot of ideas packed into this offbeat hotchpotch. To divulge the film's entire meaning is a hopeless and equally thankless task. Perhaps this was Jodorowsky's intention all along. It plays like a two-hour long collage painting that moves at 24 frames per second. To extract every particle of meaning in a single viewing is near impossible. Like some of those great postmodern collages, it is visually striking, yet often unwieldy in its presentation. Cohesion was clearly never Jodorowsky's goal, and it is this imperfection that arguably makes it such a fascinating work of art. But the film often falls into the trap of tedious longueurs, and it seems that El Topo has been forced by a higher entity to spiral around the desert revisiting the same encounters again and again. It can at times be wild and thought-provoking, and at others portentous and taciturn, speaking loudly but not saying much.
Perhaps the film's greatest achievement then is its ability to exist beyond the frames of film. It is a film that reaches back to a collective culture, borrowing elements from all walks of life, but also a film that pushes forward, bringing the entire medium along with it. El Topo not only sits comfortably on a list of essential cult films, but also comfortably in the cinematic canon. Its liberating effect broke down long-standing barriers that stood not only in the realm of art and cinema, but in society. In a film that runs as red as any seminal religious text — we witness castrations, beheadings, lynchings, and massacres — a modern myth is written that hopes to encompass history in its entirety, be that by evoking the stories through which it is told, or the images through which it is presented. Traditional narrative is not so important as visual spectacle. This is cinema in pure, unadulterated form: one of cinema's greatest genres transposed onto the acid tab of the 1960s counterculture. Jodorowsky reaches out and places it on our tongue.
More airports calling out TSA for long lines
Passengers wait in line to go through the new north security checkpoint of Terminal 1 at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport on Feb. 26, 2016. (Photo11: Leila Navidi/Star Tribune via AP)
The Transportation Security Administration finds itself under increasing criticism for its airport staffing levels as the busy spring travel season begins to shift into high gear.
Already, Atlanta's airport – the busiest in the world – publicly called out the agency last month for persistently long lines that it blamed primarily on staffing levels.
Now, some of the nation's other top airports are joining the fray.
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport became one of the latest. The airport warned fliers on Wednesday via Twitter they should “expect longer wait times” because TSA “staffing (is) not keeping pace (with) passenger volumes.” Seattle added a hashtag saying “#PackYourPatience.”
And it was just last week that officials at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport (MSP) publicly aired their frustrations about growing security queues there.
Jeffrey Hamiel, CEO of the agency that operates MSP, fired off a letter to TSA Administrator Peter Neffenger decrying the TSA's staffing. In their letter, Hamiel said passenger volume at MSP has jumped more than 10% since 2011 while the number of TSA screeners nationwide had dropped about 15% over that period.
"Those diverging trend lines — increasing passenger levels and declining numbers of federal screeners — are a recipe for unacceptable customer service. We have reached that point at MSP," Hamiel wrote in the March 3 letter to Neffenger, according to The Associated Press.
Hamiel says security checkpoint wait times of up to 40 minutes have become common at MSP.
Chicago O'Hare also has seen a spike in checkpoint wait times, with some airlines going so far as to post advisories on their websites warning Chicago fliers to arrive to the airport earlier than normal.
"We are doing the best we can with the resources that we have," TSA spokesperson Lorie Dankers told AP in response to the complaints from MSP.
However, AP notes the TSA may have its hands tied when it comes to addressing staffing levels. The news agency writes “Congress has capped the number of uniformed screeners for budgetary reasons: About 42,800 screeners nationwide now, compared with a peak of about 50,000 a few years ago, (Dankers) said.”
Against that backdrop, the TSA has begun conducting more thorough inspections “of people and carry-on luggage since last summer's revelation of startling security gaps at U.S. airports,” AP writes.
Both Neffenger and Homeland Security secretary Jeh Johnson have acknowledged the creep in average wait times in testimony to Congress. But, for now, only a modest increase in TSA staffing appears likely for the forseeable future.
"Eventually, we will reach capacity, and in some places we already exceed capacity during peak travel periods," Neffenger acknowledged in testimony to Congress on March 1.
Sharon Pinkerton, senior vice president for legislative and regulatory policy at Airlines for America, urged TSA to reduce wait-times in the short term through better staffing assignments during peak travel times and additional canine teams.
"We need to make sure they're going to the right spaces," Pinkerton told USA TODAY. "We urge TSA to focus on short-term wins to try to make sure that we keep those wait-times reasonable."
TWITTER: You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1p8l0Fv
KITIMAT, British Columbia (Reuters) - Residents of the British Columbia town of Kitimat voted against the Northern Gateway pipeline project in a blow to Enbridge Inc's efforts to expedite the flow of crude from Canada's landlocked oil sands to high-paying markets in Asia.
The Enbridge Tower on Jasper Avenue in Edmonton August 4, 2012. REUTERS/Dan Riedlhuber
The final tally, which came after a month of election-style campaigning in the small town where the pipeline terminal would be built, was more decisive than expected, with 58.4 percent of residents voting “no” and 41.6 percent “yes”.
While non-binding, Saturday's vote is likely to carry some weight with Canada's Conservative government, which is expected to decide in mid-June on the C$7.9 billion ($7.21 billion) project, the first major conduit for oil sands crude to Asia.
“My view is this sends a huge message. We who stand to benefit the very most from this project are saying ‘no,'” said Patricia Lange, a member of Douglas Channel Watch, a grassroots environmental group that opposed the pipeline.
“It's a scar in the neck of the dragon. We might not have sent the dragon to death, but we are going to continue to battle.”
If built, the Northern Gateway pipeline would carry some 525,000 barrels-per-day of crude from Alberta's oil sands across northern British Columbia to the Kitimat port, where it would be loaded onto supertankers and shipped to energy-hungry Asia.
That would allow oil producers to sidestep the over-supplied U.S. Midwest, where Canadian crudes sell at a steep discount to benchmark prices, and tap directly into foreign markets.
But the proposed project has become a divisive issue in Kitimat and across Canada's westernmost province of British Columbia. Supporters say it will bring jobs and prosperity to the region; opponents say the benefits are not worth the risk of an oil spill along British Columbia's pristine northern coast.
As with TransCanada Corp's proposed Keystone XL pipeline to the United States, environmentalists also fear that Northern Gateway will hasten the development of Canada's oil sands and exacerbate climate change.
The plebiscite was meant to gauge support for the project on the local level in Kitimat, an industrial town of about 10,000 people built on resource projects like Rio Tinto Alcan's aluminum refinery and the now-defunct Eurocan paper mill.
“The outcome, of course, was disappointing,” said Donny van Dyk, manager of coastal aboriginal and community relations at Enbridge. “What we're going to be doing now is continuing our engagement activities - talking with residents about the project and the opportunities.”
The 1,177-kilometer (731-mile) pipeline would, Enbridge says, create about 180 direct, long-term jobs in the town and foster spin off-work for contractors and suppliers.
Van Dyk also said the company is working to address the 209 technical, environmental and socioeconomic conditions set out by regulators in December, as part of their recommendation that the federal government approve the project.
Canada's right-leaning government has long supported Northern Gateway, citing its potential benefits for the broader economy, though it has said it will not approve any pipeline project unless it safe for Canadians and the environment.
As voting wrapped up in Kitimat late on Saturday, residents of the nearby Haisla Nation, an aboriginal community that has lived in the Kitimat regions for thousands of years, gathered in a park near the town's center to await the results.
When the final numbers came out, filtering through the large crowd in excited murmurs, a loud cheer erupted and the traditional drummers pounded on their instruments.
Terri Nyce, a member of the Haisla Nation, compared the aboriginal and non-aboriginal communities working together to try to stop the pipeline as strands of hair in a braid.
“Each strand alone can be weak, but when you put them together and you intertwine them - like mind, body and soul - they will never be broken,” they said. “Just like Haisla, just like Kitimat: we're never going to be broken, we're never going to back down from a big corporation like Enbridge.” ($1 = 1.0954 Canadian Dollars)
The Villa del Casale of Piazza Armerina is the 4th-5th century Roman villa that is the subject of an article of the same name by Patrizio Pensabene and Enrico Gallocchio in the 2011 summer edition of the Penn Museum's Expedition magazine. A UNESCO World Heritage site, the villa boasts architectural remains, archaeological remains, and, most famously, extensive mosaics and frescoes that reveal aspects of economic and social practices of the late Roman Empire. Featured on the cover of the summer 2011 Expedition magazine is a detail showing two figures from the villa's famous mosaic, “Bikini Girls,” but inside is a picture showing nine of the Bikini Girls. Only the legs of a tenth remain in the top left corner where the geometric design of another mosaic is visible from underneath. The women are arranged in two rows of five and clad in what look like a modern day two-piece bikini swim-suits. As the article briefly mentions, the women were originally thought to be contestants in a beauty competition; the center figure on the lower row, holding their hand to their crown-like headpiece while cradling a frond of some sort, does seem to be the Roman progenitor of Donald Trump's modern-day Miss Universe. This interpretation has since been invalidated.
Today, the women are believed to be participants in an athletic competition. Upper-class women in the Roman empire were granted some personal freedoms in the realms of entertainment and leisure, often frequenting bathhouses, racetracks, theaters, and even gladiator stadia with their husbands. In fact, much was written in the early Roman empire on the female proclivity for ancient Rome's most notorious athlete, the gladiator. Juvenal in the 1st century CE derides women's excessive attraction to gladiators when they write in their Satires,
“There are lots of ugly things on their face, like a huge wart on the middle of their nose, right where the helmet rubs it, and foul stuff always dripping from their eyes. But they were a gladiator. That makes them a Hyacinth; for that, they prefer them to their sons, their country, their sister, and their husband. It's the sword that they love.”[1]
Perhaps it then comes as no surprise that women as gladiators themselves were very much frowned upon. “What decency can a woman show wearing a helmet, when they leaf their own sex behind?”,[2] Juvenal continues in the same Satires 6 on women's faults. Nevertheless, the concept of women competing in more “feminine” sports, like ball tossing and discus throwing, was apparently celebrated among the social elite, as it is depicted and validated by this mosaic. It is especially interesting to note that villas were often constructed to offer important, high-ranking urbanites a reprieve from city life and that luxury residences in ancient Rome were not only private homes, but were also used as public spaces. So, while many questions still remain for me as to the cultural and historical significance of this mosaic, it is exciting to see a representation of female independence and athletic prowess (although as a subject of the male gaze) lauded on the walls of a socially significant, male-oriented space.
[2] Mahoney (p67)
Anyone hoping to flee a Trump administration by moving to Vancouver should be prepared for some sticker shock. As expensive as housing is in Seattle, Vancouver, B.C. is the most expensive market in North America.
Much like City Hall here, Vancouver has been searching for policies to try and moderate the increases, and in November, the city council there implemented its latest attempt, a tax on vacant homes.
Vancouver will impose a 1% tax on vacant properties based on the value of the home. There are some exceptions for people who might be traveling, having medical problems, or at least trying to rent or sell their home. Properties are vacant if there's no one living there for at least half of the year. Renting it out will allow the owner to avoid the tax, but the rentals must be for at least 30 days at a time basically precluding Airbnb-style weekend rentals.
Would the plan work in Seattle?
A study in Vancouver found 10,800 year-round empty homes in Vancouver, and the city estimates that there could be as many as 22,000 that are either unoccupied, or occupied by temporary residents (temporary meaning more like Airbnb rentals). There are so many empties, there's actually a Tumblr of photos of empty homes.
Implementing a Vancouver-style tax on empty houses in Seattle might not add up. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2015, there were an estimated 667 housing units, classified as “Vacant, current residence elsewhere” out of 328,528 total units in Seattle. If these all came on the market in the short term, there could be an impact. Zillow lists 1,140 homes for sale in Seattle as of this writing. While that would be a quick boost to inventory, Zillow also reports more than 11,800 units being sold in Seattle in the last 12 months, meaning that those less-than 700 units would be a drop in the bucket over the course of a year.
How many vacant units there are in Seattle is anybody's guess. The city gets involved if a neighbor calls to report a squatter or other unsafe conditions, but no one tracks empty units. The closest might be the census bureau, which estimates 17,320 vacant units in our city overall. The government definition of vacant, however, includes new units that may not yet be habitable; older units that may be vacant for a month or two while they're on the market or waiting for a sale to close; and housing that's empty while in the midst of a renovation. Any of those would end up exempt from the sort of tax Vancouver is imposing.
While related, the tax measure is separate from the Airbnb rental issue. In Vancouver, and locally, leaders fret that short-term rentals can take units off the long-term market, exacerbating the housing crunch in both cities.
Vancouver is also considering regulations for Airbnb rentals. If it approves what has been generally proposed, the measure would effectively end the practice of renting out a unit as an Airbnb full time. Instead, it would limit such rentals to no more than 90 days per year, and only allow them in an owner's primary residence.
Seattle is looking at its own measure aimed at restricting Airbnb rentals, treating them more like a bed and breakfast or hotel, and requiring those who rent out full time to register as a business.
Other numbers don't look good for an empty-home tax having much of a Seattle impact. The census estimates a vacancy rate of 5.2%. That number is the lowest the rate has been since 2006, when it hit 8.2%.
So, over the past 10 years, even as prices and rents have generally gone up, the vacancy rate has dropped. For there to be some giant well of empty houses that the city could tax as a way of persuading owners to start using them, it would seem the vacancy rate should have gone up, or at least remained stable, over that period.
For now, we can watch how things play out in Vancouver where the CBC reports “the city will conduct random audits to catch cheaters, and property owners who try to skirt the rules will face penalties.”
The European Parliament calls on Russia to cease human rights violations in Crimea Friday, February 5, 2016 6:07:00 PM
The European Parliament (EP) condemned the "unprecedented level" of violations of the rights of Crimeans, in particular Crimean Tatars, in the annexed pensinsula. Members of the EP supported the relevant resolution at the plenary session in Strasbourg on Thursday.
The EU institution "strongly condemns the unprecedented level of human rights violations”, in particular, “under the pretext of fighting extremism and terrorism carried out against the Crimean people, primarily against the Crimean Tatars who don't follow rules of the so-called local government," the resolution stated.
The European Parliament has condemned restrictions of the freedom of thought and peaceful assembly on the peninsula.
MEPs reminded Russia, as an occupying power, is responsible for the safety of the entire population of Crimea.
In the resolution, the European Parliament strongly condemned the illegal annexation of Crimea by Russia. The document states that the restoration of Ukrainian control over the peninsula are one of the conditions necessary for the "Establishment of cooperation with Russia, including the suspension of sanctions."
A delegation of the Council of Europe visited the Crimea from January 25th to 31st. Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Thorbjorn Jagland, said that they decided to send a delegation to the Crimea to assess the human rights situation on the peninsula.
Observers from the Council of Europe were the first representatives of international organizations that had access to Crimea in the year and a half since Russia annexed the territory in early 2014. They will publish their report on the results of the trip to Crimea in the spring of 2016.
Share
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The best escape route from a meeting at the Denmark office of toy brand Lego is down a metal slide.
Completed by designers Rosan Bosch and Rune Fjord in 2010, the open-plan office in Billund incorporates block-like display stands, model-building tables and a library of Lego pieces.
The eight glass-fronted meeting rooms, each painted a different colour, are located on a first-floor mezzanine that wraps around the building's perimeter.
On the ground floor, circular holes punched through a wooden table in the coffee area create both legroom and planting beds, while lounge areas are dotted between workstations and display cabinets.
If you like Lego, you should also check out our earlier story about a greenhouse made from the building blocks.
Photography is by Anders Sune Berg.
Here's some more text from Rosan Bosch:
￼LEGO PMD
LEGO's designers are the luckiest in the world – they get to play with LEGO all day long! Now, the designers of LEGO's development department, LEGO PMD, has a physical working environment that corresponds to its playful content – a working environment where fun, play and creativity are paramount and where the physical design gives the adults a chance to be part of children's play.
With the values 'fun', 'unity', 'creativity & innovation', 'imagination' and 'sustainability' as basis for the design, LEGO PMD has become a unique de- velopment department where the designers can become part of the children's fantasy world.
LEGO doesn't just create fun for others – at LEGO PMD working is fun!
In order to create a design that corresponds to the focus on play, innovation and creativity, imagination has been given free rein.
Across the room, an existing walkway has been transformed into an oversized sitting environment, where a light-blue padding turns the walkway into a light and soft cloud.
The cloud unfolds and expands into sofas, sitting space and a slide that connects the two floors in a fun and playful way.
The idea of scale is challenged with design elements such as huge grass wall graphics and a giant LEGO man and tables with built-in bonsai gardens, thus playing with perception and scale – who is big and who is small? Where does work stop and imagination start?
Through the physical design, the children's fantasy worlds become part of the everyday, creating the setting for the creation of new design for new games and play.
Furthermore, the design of LEGO PMD makes it possible for the designers to work closer together. At ground floor, the open space at the centre of the room creates a dynamic flow where informal meeting pla- ces create a setting for social interaction and exchange of information.
Towards the sides, there is room for concentrated work, and specially designed means of exhibition such as the show-off podiums and the model towers give the designers a chance to display their work to each other, facilitating the sharing of knowledge and ideas across the department.
On the first floor, an expansion of the balcony has made room for five small and three large meeting rooms in each their own colour with glass facades and a view of the large, open space.
A Fun Zone with a yellow table bar creates room for relaxation and social interaction, where a number of building tables for children make it possible for LEGO's youngest employees to test the newest models and products.
Click above for larger image
The new LEGO PMD is the children's universe where imagination reins free – for children and designer alike!
Click above for larger image
Project Title: LEGO PMD
Clients: Lego System A/S
Designers: Rosan Bosch & Rune Fjord
Location of project: Lego System A/S
Address: Systemvej 6
Postal code: DK- 7190
City: Billund
Country: Denmark
Year: 2010
Project: Design and interior decoration
Scope: 2000m2
Materials: Polyurethane floor, carpet, dry wall, acoustic bats w. graphic print, glass partition walls, acoustic ceiling, furniture
Melissa Dohme was all smiles on their wedding day as they married the man who kept them alive after they were stabbed and left for dead by their ex-boyfriend, but regaining their happy grin was a massive undertaking.
Cameron Hill created international headlines when they proposed to Dohme in May 2015 as they prepared to toss the first pitch in a baseball game in Florida, in the US.
In early 2012 Hill, an emergency medical first responder, was sent to Dohme's aid after ex-boyfriend Robert Lee Burton Jr stabbed them 32 times in the face, neck, hands and arms.
Melissa Dohme had reconstructive surgery on their face for their wedding day, as the attack left them with nerve damage that stopped them being able to smile.
In an account of the attack on CBS News, Dohme said they had been lying on the road outside their home and hemorrhaging severely from cut arteries in their neck when emergency crew arrived.
READ MORE: First responder to marry victim they saved
"I was airlifted to the hospital where I flat-lined four times, received 12 units of blood, suffered a stroke in my cerebellum, had a fractured skull, nose, and jaw with missing teeth, facial paralysis, stabbed larynx, and was severely beaten," Dohme said.
Cameron Hill proposed to Melissa Dohme at a baseball game in their hometown.
"It's a miracle I am still alive today - even the doctors say so."
They came awfully close to death but made a remarkable recovery. Ten months later when they were talking about their ordeal, Hill was among those in the listening group.
They invited them to the firehouse for dinner with the rest of the crew.
"I was extremely giddy because I was having dinner with all the men who saved my life," Dohme told Fox 13.
"The more I learned about Cameron, the more I realised that we have so much in common. And this feeling that I was feeling was not just because they were someone who had saved me," Dohme said. "I really had feelings for this man."
They stayed by their side through surgeries and speech and physical therapy appointments. They held their hand in court when the man who attacked them was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The couple tie the knot.
One of the wounds to Dohme's face had left them with a damaged facial nerve, giving them a lopsided smile.
They were determined to get their smile back before the wedding day, Dohme told Inside Edition.
In 2015, Dr Tessa Hadlock at Massachusetts Eye and Ear, performed the groundbreaking, intricate eight-hour surgery to restore Dohme's smile.
Melissa Dohme in hospital after being stabbed and left for dead by their ex-boyfriend.
They took muscles from Dohme's inner thigh and transplanted them to their face starting at the corner of their mouth.
It took a year-and-a-half for the implanted muscle and nerves to re-generate in Dohme's face, but it was a success, Inside Edition reported.
When they arrived in a horse drawn carriage for their wedding in Florida on March 4, the bride was beaming.
This article is about Inga edulis. For another plant often called "Ice-cream bean", see Pacay
Inga edulis known as ice-cream-bean, joaquiniquil, cuaniquil, guama or guaba, is a fruit native to South America. It is in the mimosoid tribe of the legume family Fabaceae.[1] It is widely grown, especially by indigenous Amazonians, for shade, food, timber, medicine, and production of the alcoholic beverage cachiri. It is popular in Peru, Ecuador, Pernambuco-Brazil and Colombia.[2] The name inga is derived from its name with the Tupí people of South America. Its name "ice cream bean" originates from the sweet flavor and smooth texture of the pulp.
Biology [ edit ]
Mature trees of Inga edulis reach 30 m (98 ft) high and 60 cm (2.0 ft) diameter at breast height, usually branching from below 3 m (9.8 ft). The branches form a broad, flat, moderately dense canopy. Inga edulis can be evergreen in tropical regions or deciduous when planted in colder regions. The tree has a pale grey coloured trunk. The stems and young twigs can be sparsely to densely haired. The leaves are alternate, evenly pinnate, 10–30 cm long with 4–6 pairs of opposite, dark-green, membranous, slightly pubescent, oval leaflets. The terminal leaflets can grow up to 18 cm long by 11 cm wide in comparison to the basal ones. Extrafloral nectaries are placed on petioles and stipules can be either inconspicuous, absent, or caduceus.[3] It is known that Inga species are in symbiosis with ants (eg. Pheidoles spp.), which get the nectar of the extrafloral nectaries. In exchange the ants will patrol over the Inga plant to protect it against herbivores. There are certain insects such as Riodinid caterpillars which excrete sugary honeydew from their tentacle nectaries. The ants will form a symbiosis with the caterpillars by letting them feed on the tree and in favour of getting sugary honeydew from them.[4] Flowers are fragrant, sessile, pentamerous and are arranged in dense axillary spikes. The flower has a calyx tube with five puberulent, striate lobes, corolla with five silky, villous petals. These are around 14–20 mm long and contain numerous white stamens. The fruits are longitudinally ribbed, cylindrical indehiscent leguminous pods which can be straight, curved or often spirally twisted up. They are pendant and up to 1 m long and yellowish brown to greenly coloured. The amount of ovoid seeds can vary from 10–20, which are purplish-black to olive colored. These are embedded in the sweet, cottony, white arillus which gives it the name Icecream bean, since they taste sweet.[3]
Symbiosis The Inga plant can also form symbiotic relationships where nitrogen gas can be fixated by rhizobial bacteria and mycorrhiza as other legumes can. Surveys have shown that Inga edulis undergo a mutualistic relationship with the bacterial strain of Bradyrhizobium.[5]
Inga edulis can have symbiosis with ants which patrol over the plant and get nectar from extrafloral nectaries.
Flowers
Mature and young pods
Synonyms [ edit ]
This plant has a convoluted history of synonymy with Inga vera. The plants discussed under that name by Brenan and Kunth are actually I. edulis, whereas that based on the writings of Carl Ludwig Willdenow refers to the actual I. vera. Inga edulis in works referring back to authorities other than von Martius usually refers to Inga feuilleei.[6]
Synonyms of Inga edulis Mart. :
Feuilleea edulis (Mart.) Kuntze [6]
Inga benthamiana Meisn. [6]
Inga edulis var. grenadensis Urb. [7]
var. Inga minutula (Schery) T.S.Elias [7]
Inga scabriuscula Benth. [6]
Inga vera Kunth [6]
Inga vera sensu Brenan [6]
Inga ynga (Vell.) J.W.Moore [6]
Mimosa inga L. [7]
Mimosa ynga Vell. [8]
Ecology [ edit ]
The natural distribution of Inga edulis spreads from Central to South America and ranges from subtropical dry to tropical wet conditions.[9] It can be found at elevations from sea level up to 2200 m. Inga edulis grows best when mean annual daytime temperature ranges from 23 to 30 °C. However, it can tolerate 18 - 35 °C. During the resting period mature trees can survive -2 °C while young plants are killed at 0 °C. Preferred annual precipitation ranges from 1200 to 2500 mm but 640 to 4000 mm of annual precipitation can be tolerated also. Inga edulis can be grown on a widely varying range of soil conditions. It prefers a soil pH of 5 - 6.5 but can also grow in very strongly acidic soil down to a pH of 4.5 or moderately alkaline conditions up to pH 8.[10] The natural habitat of Inga edulis includes margins of large rivers like the Amazon, thickets below high water line and wooded swamps.[9] Therefore the tree tolerates temporarily waterlogged soils for 2–3 months each year. However, it can also tolerate drought seasons up to 6 months.[11] Further Inga edulis can cope with heavy soils or slope fairly well.[9] In terms of soil fertility, Inga edulis is not only unpretentious but has the potential to improve soil quality. As a leguminous tree, Inga edulis can compensate for nutrient depleted soils by fixing nitrogen with its root nodules. Ammonium and nitrates found in soil typically result in nodulation reduction. Inga edulis is an exception, as its nodules increase in size when ammonium levels are at 5mM. Nitrate on the other hand did not benefit Inga edulis and continued to show properties that prevented nodulation.[12] Additionally to nitrogen, Inga edulis is reported to significantly increase the extractable Phosphorus content in the soil and thus further ameliorates degraded soils.[13]
Cultivation [ edit ]
Inga edulis is widely cultivated in agroforestry systems in its neotropical dispersal area. This form of cultivation, often associated with coffee or cocoa culture is widely known since pre-Columbian times.[14] Germination of Inga edulis seeds is fairly easy as the seeds are recalcitrant and often germinate already in the pod. However, seeds loose their ability to germinate after two weeks of storage.[11] Direct sowing of the seeds is possible, but the establishment of seedlings with already a certain height can decrease competition with noxious weeds and thus increase growth.[15] Further, the inoculation with rhizobia and mycorrhizal fungi in depleated soils is recommended to promote growth.[16] These inoculi can easily be produced by collecting soil, nodules and fine roots from mature, nodulated inga edulis stands.[9] Inga edulis seems to be very resistant to pests and diseases. Minor damages can result of fungal attacks in the seedling stage. Mature Inga edulis can be defoliated by Lepidoptera larvae. Also, fruit fly larvae often damage the seed testa. In Ecuador, Inga edulis in specially susceptible to mistletoe infestations.[11]
Uses [ edit ]
Food crop
Inga edulis has been cultivated as a fruit tree for millennia and is widely sold on the local South American marketplace, mainly for the sweet, succulent pulp surrounding the seeds. The white pulp (aril) is consumed raw as a sweet snack, though it is less nutritious than the seeds. Toxic compounds such as trypsin and chymotrypsin inhibitors contained in the seeds of Inga edulis are destroyed through cooking.[3]
The taste is described as resembling that of vanilla ice cream.[17] Some varieties even possess a slight cinnamon flavor.[18][11] The seeds are only edible when cooked and have a taste similar to that of chickpeas.[19]
In Colombia the arils are also used to prepare an alcoholic beverage called cachiri for a festival of the same name. The native women chew the arils and spit the mixture into a vat, where it is left to ferment.[9][17] The fruit ripens quickly and can only be kept for three to four days, limiting potential export opportunities. However, refrigeration can extend shelf life to about three weeks.[20]
Use in Agroforestry Systems
Due to its rapid growth and ability to improve soil properties, Inga edulis has found widespread use in tropical agroforestry. Most notably, Inga alley cropping is used as an alternative to slash and burn cultivation. It is also a popular shade tree for coffee, cocoa and tea plantations. One important reason for this is that in comparison to other shade tree species Inga edulis retains its leaves in the dry season.[20][11] Cuttings and leaves also used as mulch and animal fodder.[11] The wood is sometimes used as timber and for fuel, its popularity as a source of firewood stemming from its high calorific value and weak smoke production.[18]
Despite its rapid growth and significant potential to improve soils in agroforestry systems, Inga edulis has not been the object of any improved breeding program.[20] However, the plant has been shown to exhibit strong introgression with Inga ingoides in species contact areas. This could allow for selection of hybrids via interspecific hybridization to further increase yield and flood tolerance of the crop.[21]
Medicinal uses
Inga edulis is widely used in native South American folk medicine. Decoctions of the leaves, bark or root commonly are utilized as treatments for diarrhea, arthritis and rheumatism.[9] Crushed, boiled leaves are ingested to relieve coughing or applied to lip sores, possibly caused by herpes.[18][3] Several studies have investigated Inga edulis as a source of polyphenols for use as antioxidants and have shown promising results.[22][23][24][25] However, further studies are necessary to test and develop medical applications.
Ice Cream Beans
On June 2nd, New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan (D) vetoed a measure that allowed images of minors to appear on alcohol labels in the state. One label at the core of the debate is the Founders Breakfast Stout label, featuring a baby eating oatmeal.
Wednesday, Senators joined the house in overriding Hassan's veto of the legislation. Rep. Keith Murphy, owner of Murphy's Taproom in Manchester, New Hampshire, originally sponsored the legislation, in order to gain the ability to sell the beer in bottles.
Once passed, the bill will take effect in 60 days. Founders Breakfast Stout could be sold by the fall.
The original Beer Street Journal story appears below.
The Founders Breakfast Stout label is still banned in New Hampshire.
On June 2nd, Gov. Maggie Hassan (D) vetoed a measure that would have allowed some images of minors to appear on labels in the state. Seen above, Founders Breakfast Stout, with an image of a child eating oatmeal.
Hassan stated in their veto message
“Substance misuse, including alcohol misuse, continues to be one of the major public health and safety challenges facing us as a state. Moreover, statistics suggest that New Hampshire has among the highest rates of underage drinking in the country.”
The bill was introduced by Rep. Keith Murphy, owner of Murphy's Taproom in Manchester, New Hampshire. Murphy wants to purchase Founders Breakfast Stout for the taproom.
Gung-ho culture at tour agency Warmbier used on N.Korea trip
BEIJING (AP) -- Beer-soaked "booze cruises" down North Korea's Taedong River. Scuba diving trips off the country's eastern coast. Saint Patrick's Day pub crawls in Pyongyang featuring drinking games with cheery locals.
Since 2008, the Young Pioneer Tours agency built up a business attracting young travelers with a competitively priced catalog of exotic-sounding, hard-partying adventures in one of the world's most isolated countries.
But the death last week of 22-year-old American student Otto Warmbier, who was arrested during a Young Pioneer tour to North Korea in late 2015 and fell into a coma in prison, has renewed questions about whether the company was adequately prepared for its trips into the hard-line communist state.
Although many details of Warmbier's fateful trip remain unknown, interviews with past Young Pioneer customers or those who have crossed paths with the tour operator describe a company with occasional lapses in organization, a gung-ho drinking culture and a cavalier attitude that has long raised red flags among industry peers and North Korea watchers.
Founded in 2008 by Briton Gareth Johnson in the central Chinese city of Xi'an, Young Pioneer's fun and casual style was seen precisely as its calling card, a counterpoint to North Korea's reputation as an inaccessible, draconian hermit kingdom. "Budget tours to destinations your mother would rather you stayed away from," its website touts, while describing North Korea as one of the safest places on Earth.
But in travel circles in Beijing, the staging point for trips into North Korea, Young Pioneer Tours, also known as YPT, has been associated with a string of cautionary tales, including of the tourist who performed a handstand outside the most politically sensitive mausoleum in Pyongyang where two generations of the Kim family are buried, resulting in a North Korean guide losing their job. During another tour, Johnson attempted to step off a moving train after drinking and broke their ankle, leading to an unexpected stay at a Pyongyang hospital.
Adam Pitt, a 33-year old British expatriate who formerly lived in Beijing and went on a 2013 trip, described to the AP a party atmosphere led by Johnson, who was often heavily inebriated and "almost unable to stand and barely understandable when they did speak" at a tense border crossing where they needed to hand wads of cash to officials as bribes.
While it's expected for tourists to relax and enjoy a few drinks while traveling, tour operators and tourists say YPT has long stood out for its party-hearty tour groups. In respective interviews with Fairfax Media and the Independent newspaper, Nick Calder, a New Zealander, and Darragh O Tuathail, an Irish tourist, both recalled the YPT group Warmbier traveled with carousing until early morning. O Tuathail declined to discuss their recollections of the trip with the AP, saying they wanted to let Warmbier's family grieve in peace.
In an emotional news conference last week, Fred Warmbier, Otto's father, lashed out at tour agencies that "advertise slick ads on the internet proclaiming, 'No American ever gets detained on our tours' and 'This is a safe place to go.'"
Earlier this week, YPT issued a statement saying it would no longer accept American customers because "the assessment of risk for Americans visiting North Korea has become too high."
Pitt, who is Mormon and does not drink, said the company's statement appeared to shift blame onto tourists rather than examining its own laissez-faire culture.
"It's not about who goes, it's about how their groups behave that causes problems," said Pitt.
YPT co-owner Rowan Beard said most reviewers have attested to the company's professionalism and preparation.
"Frankly everyone has different perceptions on things like drinking and what concerns it raises," Beard wrote in an email. "With the recent tragedy it's human nature for some people to over-emphasize certain aspects of their experience."
Beard noted that the mausoleum incident did not involve alcohol and that YPT had warned all customers about the political sensitivities of the site.
They added that YPT has taken over 8,000 tourists to North Korea with only one incident, and boasts a 5-star rating and certificate of excellence on the TripAdvisor review website. Johnson did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Beard said Johnson was unavailable to comment and no longer leads tours. They said Johnson was in North Korea on business when Warmbier was detained but was not part of their tour.
John Delury, a North Korea expert at Yonsei University in Seoul, said tour groups barely existed 10 years ago, and any sliver of "responsible engagement" between the U.S. and North Korea is valuable. But they worried about tours that do not educate customers on the nuances and political realities of what they're seeing.
"Hipster adventure tourism, where it's like going to a zoo and staring at North Koreans, is problematic," said Delury, who is familiar with several of the companies running tours into North Korea. "It seems like the framing of Warmbier's trip was 'go party and have a good time in Pyongyang.' That is obviously not how responsible tour companies would frame what they're about."
YPT has in recent years expanded its North Korea tours and boasts a long list of other so-called "dark tourism" offerings, ranging from trips to the Chernobyl nuclear disaster site in Ukraine to jaunts through Iraq's largely autonomous Kurdish region.
Christopher Barbara, a legal consultant who splits their time between Montreal and Shanghai, said they joined a YPT trip to North Korea in 2009 headed by Johnson.
"It was so laid back that it was hard to take seriously," Barbara said. "The way Young Pioneers managed the trip made it feel like the priority was having fun, not staying safe. I'm not sure it was the right balance, all things considered."
One morning after they arrived, Barbara told the group's North Korean minders who were looking for Johnson that they were ill, when they were in fact asleep after a long night.
"I was worried that Gareth's behavior was going to get us in trouble," Barbara said. "At times, I felt pressured to cover for him."
Questionable behavior has cropped up more recently, including on the New Year's Party tour of Pyongyang in late December 2015 that coincided with the tour that Warmbier was part of.
In an anonymous January 2016 review left on TripAdvisor, a woman who took a train back to China said a YPT guide pulled a prank by helping hide their husband's passport from border agents. That resulted in a scramble to find the passport and a confrontation with irked North Korean soldiers who briefly held their husband.
Troy Collings, a partner at the tour company, responded to the review on TripAdvisor and apologized, saying that the guide who participated in the prank had been removed from tours and would undergo "retraining."
"We as company in no way condone any behavior that makes our customers feel unsafe, in danger, or that our guide lacked empathy with you," Collings wrote. "Whilst we feel there may have been some misunderstandings it does not excuse what happened."
---
Follow Gerry Shih on Twitter at twitter.com/gerryshih
